239 2
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-8^
the people are tired of the talk both on this
side of the House and the other. We want to
act.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman ex-
pect us to vote upon this bill without knowing
what the constitution of Arkansas is? I will
not vote for it until I know what the consti-
tution is. The whole pith of the matter is the
constitution, and I want an opportunity to see
what it is,
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] suggests that it is
important to have this bill acted upon and sent
to the Senate before Monday. The Senate
could not act upon the bill if sent to them, for
they meet on Monday at ten o'clock for a per-
tain matter, which will occupy the whole day.
Now, allow me to say that I shall vote for
any bill or anything which will bring these
States back without condition into the Union,
because I believe that neither Jefferson Davis
nor any one of his successors here or elsewhere
ever could do anything to take them out of the
Union. I believe they are in the Union now;
and I will vote for anything that will acknowl-
edge these States in their right position as
equal States in the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me?
_ Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield after the previous question has been sec-
onded,
Mr. ELDRJDGE. I desire the gentleman
to yield to me in order that I may speak against
the propriety^ of insisting upon the previous
question at this time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is
no necessity for yielding to the gentleman; the
House can determine that matter.
The question was taken on seconding the
previous question, and upon a division there
were—ayes 67, noes 43.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs. Eldkidge
and Boutwell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 66, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order now to move that the House adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want
to say, in order that it may go to the country,
that every member of this House had a copy
of the constitution of Arkansas sent to him
more than three weeks ago. Every member
must have received a copy, or he must have
missed it through the mails. I have seen copies
lying around so thickly that I think some gen-
tlemen must have thrown them away because
they did not choose to keep them.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present a resolution which I have been
unanimously directed by the Committee on
Retrenchment, to report, and which it is very
desirable should be acted upon by the House
immediately.
. Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There will be no objec-
tion to the resolution when gentlemen hear it.
Mr. SPALDING, t object to the present-
ation of the resolution now.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I rise to close the debate, and I will
yield to other gentlemen a part of my time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman says he
rises "to close the debate." Does he not rise
to begin it also ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
give to the gentleman an opportunity to begin
it, if lie so desires. I will yield a part of my
time to any gentleman who wishes to speak.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to my colleague fifteen minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] yield to me
that I may make a motion that the House
adjourn ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woopwaiid] cannot yield for a
motion to adjourn without the consent of his
colleague, [Mr. Stevexs, ofPennsylvania,]who
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I have
no desire to make a speech at the presenttime;
and my friend, whom I thank for his courtesy
in yielding me the floor, need notgiveitto me for
that purpose, because, sir, I am not prepared
to discuss a constitution which I have never
seen. I do not know whether or not I would
vote for the admission of the'State of Arkansas
under the constitution recently framed ; for I
have not seen it. 1 now ask my colleague—
and this was mv object in rising—to explain
how we are to guaranty to Arkansas a " repub-
lican form of government" when we are not
permitted to see the fundamental law under
which that State is to be organized. I have
heard a great deal this session about the obli-
gation resting upon us to guaranty to each
State a republican form ofgovernmcnt. Now,
I do not mean to say that all I have heard on
that subject has been wise; but I have heard so
much on-that topic that before a new State comes
into the Union I wish to know whether it has
a '•republican form of government." I want
to form my judgment upon this question from
the constitution or the fundamental law of the
State. My colleague will excuse me for saying
that I will not take his opinion upon that ques-
tion; I am not satisfied to take his testimony
that Arkansas is a republican State. I want
to see the constitution for myself.
Now, I appeal to my venerable friend that
he give us time enough to inform'tmrselves
about that constitution before he forces us to
a vote. It would be extremely awkward for
mo to be found voting against a truly repub-
lican State. I have no disposition to do it.
On the contrary, I am extremely anxious for
the admission of Arkansas and all the other
excluded States, and will vote for their admis-
sion with all my heart when they present them-
selves in a manner fitting them to be admitted.
I am very sure that my very candid friend
would not desire to place any of us in that po-
sition; I do not wish to be betrayed into vot-
ing against a State for the admission of which
I would cheerfully vote if I could know the
grounds upon which she is to come in. There-
fore 1 maintain it is not a question for the
House, but for the gentleman's own sense of
fairness and honor that he will allow his col-
leagues to know what they are doing before
they are called upon to vote. That is the ap-
peal I make to him.
Mr. BECK. Do I understand the gentle-
man will yield to me?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. WELKER. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that perhaps the
best occupation of our time would be to hear
the constitution of Arkansas from the Clerk's
desk. It is alleged by a good many gentle-
men to whom this constitution was sent three
weeks ago that they never had an opportunity
of reading it. I suggest that a part of the gen-
tleman's hour be taker, up with the reading of
the constitution of Arkansas.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman ought to
know that it cannot be read in an hour.
Mr. BLAINE. How does the gentleman
know that, if he never saw it?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Nearly
a month ago every gentleman upon this floor
was furnished by the State of Arkansas with
a copy of this constitution. If they have not
seen proper to read and preserve it, it is not the
fault of the State of Arkansas. It has been
upon our tables. I do not expect my colleague
to take my opinion on these questions, because
I know he is better acquainted with there tha 
I am. I supposed he did see the constitution;
Every gentleman ought to have read it. Every
member ought to have informed himself of its
contents. If they have notdoneso then 1 agree
feat a part ef my hour may be taken up witb
the reading of the constitution of Arkansas.
Mr. BECK. What time does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania allow me?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What
time does the gentleman ask?
Mr. BECK. I ask for a reasonable time.
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. How
much?
Mr. BECK. Twenty minutes,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That i 
reasonable.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, while it would
take wore than an hour to state properly my
objections to this bill, I will avail myself of
the twenty minutes allowed me by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] t$ lay
before the House as many of the more promi-
nent objections to it as I can, fully convinced
that I can do no more, and that it would be
idle to attempt to make a speech. I desire
to state now what I have endeavored to state
before, that this House is not in possession of
any of the facts necessary to base its action
upon. The constitution of Arkansas is now in
the hands of the printer, and 1 doubt whether
a single member of this House, outside of the
members of the Reconstruction Committee,
ever saw it or know a single provision contained
in it. The committee have made no report
and furnished no data to the House outside of
the bill itself; so that you are all groping in
the dark.
On Wednesday last the President of the
United States sent to this House the report
of the commissioners who held the election is
Arkansas, which, together with the accom-
panying papers, were at once ordered to be
printed, and were sent direct to the printer by
the Clerk, where they still are, and no- mem-
ber of this House, nor even of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, has ever seen them, or knows
a single fact therein contained. They may
show such a state of fact relative to the vote
on the ratification of the constitution as to
satisfy this House that it was in fact rejected?
Why wot postpone action till they are received?
The constitution and report will be returned
by the printer to-night or to-morrow as I am
informed.
On Tuesday last Genera] Grant, laid before
the House the report of General Gillem and
the accompanying documents; a part only of
this was ordered to be printed by the House, and
on yesterday morning, when the Reconstruction
Committee met, we found that no portion of it
had been sent. We selected out such portions
of it as we regarded as of special importance
to a proper understanding of the facts relative "
tothe election, and by leave of the House ob-
tained yesterday itwassentto the printer, with-
out consideration or more than a mere cursory
examination by the committee. It is iustnow
being returned, a few of the advance copies
only having been brought in, containing titty
pages of printed matter, which, of course, no
member has yet been able to read, much less
to consider and understand ; besides all this,
there are unprinted affidavits and other papers
now before me, referred to in tl;e report inst
printed, which I have had time only to read
hurriedly, and about the facts stated in which
this House knows nothing. Yet. under these
circumstances, ye are required to vote upon
■ is 3i to decide that this is a proper consti-
tution and that it was ratified by the legal voters
oi Arkansas when-we never saw the one and
know nothing about the faets as to the other.
/ ?ra compelled to dissent from the majority
i le committee on both the propositions
embraced m the bill. First, because I regard
the proposed constitution as so unjust and op-
violative of thejiowcrs and duties conferred bv
^construction acts of Congress, which I
