4440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1875)
to transfer to the Department of the Interior
certain powers and duties now exercised by
the Secretary of the Treasury in connection
with Indian affairs, have directed me to report
it back with an amendment. I have been
specially requested by the delegation from
North Carolina, now present, to ask the Sen-
ate to consider the bill at this time. Nobody
objects to it, and it will have to go back to the
other House for concurrence in our amend-
ment. It simply transfers jurisdiction over
the fragment of the Cherokee Indians left in
North Carolina from the Treasury to the Inte-
rior Department. The bill is introduced on
the special recommendation of both the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of the
Interior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill ?
Mr. HOWARD. I hope wo shall go on
with the railroad bill, which is regularly under
consideration.
Mr. THAYER. We are on morning busi-
ness now. There can be no objection to this
bill, and it has to go back to the other House.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us go on with the
railroad bill.
Mr. THAYER. I ask if there is any objec-
tion to the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Michigan to
object.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. If we can pro-
ceed with the railroad bill now under consid-
eration I do object.
Mr. THAYER. That was laid aside in-
formally. This would have been through
before this time.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
Senators from North Carolina ask for the pas-
sage of this bill, and it is a formal matter to
winch there is no objeclion.
Mr. HOWARD. If it does not lead to any
discussion I shall not object.
Mr. THAYER. If there be any objection
or discussion I shall consent that it lie on the
table.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.^
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. R. No.
1375) to transfer to the Department of the
Interior certain powers and duties now exer-
cised by the Secretary of the Interior in con-
nection with Indian affairs was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the powers and duties devolving upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under and by virtue of
the fourth section of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
CO, 1849, and for other purposes," approved
July 29, 1848. and the powers and duties de-
volving upon him under and by virtue of the
laws relating to the investment of the moneys
in behalf ot the Cherokee Indians, from the
sales of land under the treaties concluded at
Pontotoc October 20, 18?2, and-at Washington
city May 24,1834, as also all other supervisory
and appellate powers and duties in regard to
Indian affairs, which may now by law be vested
in the Secretary of the Treasury, shall here-
after the passage be exercised and performed
by the Secretary of the Department of the
Interior.
The amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs was to add the following additional sec-
tions :
A nd be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Interior shall cause a new roll or census to be made
of the North Carolina or Eastern Cherokees, which
shall be the roll upon which payments due said
Indians shall be made.
And be it further enacted. That hereafter the Secre-
tary ot the Interior shall cause the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to take the same supervisory charge
of the Eastern or North Carolina Cherokees as of
other tribes of Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
The billwas reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
lanman's dictionary.
Mr. BUCKALEW submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
lieiohcil, That tho Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, authorised and directed to purchase lor
the use of each Senator one copy of the fifth, being
the latest, edition of '*Lanman's Dictionary of the
United Suites Congress and the General Govern-
ment," and ono copy each for tho oilices of the boc-
rotaiy, of the Sergeant-at-Arius. and of the Postmas-
ter of the Senate.
denver pacific railway.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few days ago I pre-
sented to the Senate a resolution in regard to
the pay of new Senators. Some action ought
to be taken upon it. I presented it in accord-
ance with former precedents of the Senate. _ I
ask that it be disposed of. It ought to be dis-
posed of in some way. It is about the last day
of the session. Of course they are entitled
to some pay, and the question ought to be set-
tled.
Mr. DRAKE. The bill that was before the
Senate was laid aside informally for the accom-
modation of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
I now desire that it shall be proceeded with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
from Missouri allow this resolution to be dis-
posed of in some way?
Mr. DRAKE. This bill can be disposed of
in a little time, if the Senate will allow it to
he proceeded with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a matter that
affects members of the body, and I do not
think there ought to bo any objection to dis-
posing of it in some way.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 do not propose to interfere
with that matter ; but it is a question that de-
pends entirely upon ourown action, and itcan
be disposed of at any time during this day;
but this bill if passed by the Senate this morn-
ing must go to the House of Representatives,
and I therefore insist on proceeding with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution could
have been disposed of by this time.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the resumption of
the consideration of the pending bill that was
laid aside informally.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask permission of the Senator, who has charge
of that bill, to allow me to put on its passage
a joint resolution which it is necessary should
go through the House to-day. It is a joint
resolution from the Committee on Retrench-
ment, which looks to the setting aside of a
fraudulent contract on the part of the Interior
Department for stationery.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to be dis-
courteous to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
If it leads to any discussion I shall not press it.
Mr. DRAKE. I feel great interest in the
consideration of the bill before the Senate,
and I ask that the Senate resume the consider-
ation of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
Noj 570) for a grant of land, granting the light
of way over the public lands to the Denver
Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company, and
for other purposes, was laid aside informally,
and being called for is now regularly before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The
pending question is on the amendment of the
Committee on the Pacific Rail road, as amended,
to insert what has been read as the second
section.
Mr. CONKLING. I feel inclined, upon the
suggestion made first by the Senator from Ohio,
to favor the passage of this bill; and I wish to
assign a reason or two in answer to what was
said by the Senator from Wisconsin. The Sen-
tor from Wisconsin, if I understand him,
charges to the account of the eastern division
an equity that he thinks has arisen in behalf
of the central branch, and upon the ground
that the eastern division being bound to go by
a certain route tl>e central branch relied upon
that route and built a road which might have
been connected with the eastern division but
for the diversion which took place under the
permission of Congress. This proposition sug-
gests to everybody acquainted with the sub-
ject the propriety of a somewhat careful con-
sideration, which I beg to assure Senators I do
not intend to give it on my part, this morning,
but it gives rise to a matter of fact also, winch
I think can be disposed of within very narrow
limits, and I ask the attention of the Senator
from Wisconsin to that matter of fact.
It is not true historically or in any other way
that the central branch built its present road
relying upon the route of the eastern division
as established before it went up the Smoky
Hill; I have in my hand the evidence that on
the 21st day of February, 1860, the president
of the Pacific railroad, eastern division, ad-
dressed to the then Secretary of the Interior,
the honorable Senator from Iowa, a letter giv-
ing notice formally that the original intention,
as far as it had existed, to go up the Repub-
lican Fork was abandoned; and let me say just
here that that purpose was formed a long time
before, and long before the war interrupted
this work, and interrupted surveys. On the
day which I have fixed notice was given, as I
have said, to the Secretary of the Interior. At
that time no considerable portion of the Cen-
tral Branch railroad had been built, as I have
in my hands also the proof to show, and I will
refer to it in a moment. A certain portion of
the road had been graded, and a map had been
filed by both companies. When the war con-
cluded and working parties were enabled to go
out the eastern division saw that another route
was preferable to that, and proposed to file a
map accordingly. The Attorney General, iu
an opinion which lies upon my desk, held that
in point of lime they were too late by some six
months, because the law had fixed the limit,
and the time had run, and he advised that
legislation was necessaiy to cure this difficulty
m matter of time. That legislation did not
take place until a day later than that of which
I am sneaking.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is reminded of an omission which he made.
The Chair should have called up at the close
of the morning hour the unfinished business
of yesterday, the bill concerning the rights of
American citizens in foreign Slates.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree to have that laid
over informally until this bill has been dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
laid aside informally, and the consideration of
Senate bill No. 570 continued. The Senator
from New York will proceed.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 was about to say that
although the legislation which enabled the
eastern division to go up the Smoky Hill was
not until July afterward, the record of the de-
bates will show that at the time of which I am
speaking, February, 1800, all parties connected
with this central branch, the honorable Sena-
tor from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] being then its
president, perfectly well understood lhat. the
Eastern Division railroad was not to be built up
the Republican Fork, but that it was to be budt
where, in truth, it has been built. So that
Senators who attend to my statement and will
take the trouble to verify it will tee that in
point of fact no assertion is more entirely uu-
grounded^ than the assertion that the central
branch laid down its track and expended its
money expecting to obtain a connection with
the eastern division in consequence of that
road going up the Republican Fork. So far
from that, a letter which I have in my hand
from the Secretary of the Treasury states that
| on the 12th of July, 1S0G, five months alter
| the central branch company had notice and
j understood that the eastern division was to
j come up the Smoky Hill, and not up the Ile-
I publican Fork, buttwenty miles of the Atchison
; and Pike's Peak road, otherwise called the
j central branch, were completed and accepted
I by the commissioners, and I have read *he
I report of the commissioners which I have at
