THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
value of such of the articles as I have been
obliged to pretermit. There is nothing in the
whole case, I think, of graver import to the
nation than the means adopted by the Presi-
dent for overthrowing the legislative power by
fostering disobedience to its enactments and
bringing its accepted organ into disrepute.
To this charge there are three answers. The
first is the supposed constitutional right to the
use of an unbridled tongue, which knows no
difference between licentiousness and liberty.
The second the provocation supposed to have
been offeredin the language used by members
of Congress in debate, in what seems to be for-
gotten to be their constitutional right, which not
only protects them from challengeany where, but
gives to them the right freely to criticise the pub-
lic conduct of the President, over whom the law
has placed them, by making him amenable to
tbem for all his errors, as they are not to him.
The third is the harmless jest, in the suggestion
of a law to regulate the speech and manners
of the President. If his counsel can find
food for mirth in such a picture as the evidence
has shown, I have no quarrel with their taste.
The President may enjoy the joke, perhaps,
himself. I do not think he can afford it, but
history informs us that Nero fiddled while
Rome was burning. Whether he does or not,
however, I trust that he will find a ccnsor
morum here as stern as Cato, in the judicial
opinion of this body, that the man who so out-
rages public decency, either in his public or
private character, in the pursuit of an object
so treasonable as his, has demonstrated his
unfitness longer to hold the high place of a
Chief Magistrate of a free, intelligent, and
moral people. I take leave of this unpalatable
theme by remarking that even the advocate of
the people must feel, as a child of the Repub-
lic himself, while he is compelled to say thus
much, that he would rather have turned his
back, if it had been possible, on such a spec-
tacle, and thrown a mantle over the nakedness
that shames us all.
And now, American Senators, Representa-
tives, and judges upon this mighty issue—joint
heirs yourselves of that great inheritance of lib-
erty that has descended to us all, and has just
been ransomed and repurchased by a second
baptism of blood—a few words more, and I
have done.
If the responsibilities of the lawyer are such
as to oppress him with their weight how im-
measurably greater are your own ! The House
of Representatives has done its duty. The rest
is now with you. While I have a trust in that
God who went before our hosts, as he did be-
fore the armies of Israel, through the fiery
trials that led so many of the flower of our
youth to distant graves on southern battle-fields,
which has never failed me in the darkest hour
of the nation's agony, I cannot but realize that
He has placed the destinies of this nation in
your hands. Your decision here will either fall
upon the public heart like a genial sunbeam, or
fling a disastrous twilight, full of the gloomiest
portents of coming evil, over the land. Say
not that I exaggerate the issue or overcolor the
picture. This, if it were true, would be but an
error of much smaller consequence than the
perilous mistake of underrating its importance.
It is, indeed, but the catastrophe of the great
drama which began three years ago with mur-
der—the denouement of the mortal struggle
between the power that makes the law and
that which executes it—between the people
themselves, and the chief of their own servants,
who now undertakes to defy their will. What
is your verdict to decide? Go to the evidence,
to the plea of the President himself, and to the
defiant answer that he sends by his Tennessee
counsel, and they will give you the true measure
of the interests involved. It is not a question
only whether or not Andrew Johnson is to be
allowed to serve as President of the United
States for the remainder of his term. Itisthe
greater question whether you shall hold so long
yourselves the power that the Constitution gives
you by surrendering the higher one to him of
suspending, dismissing, and appointing at his
will and pleasure every executive officer ia
the Government from the highest to the lowest
without your consent, and if possible the still
higher one of disregarding your laws for the
purpose of putting those laws on trial before
they can be recognized. He has made this
issue with you voluntarily and defiantly. If
you acquit him upon it, you affirm all his im-
perial pretensions, and decide that no amount
of usurpation will ever bring a Chief Magistrate
to justice, because you will have laid down at
his feet your own high dignity, along with your
double function of legislators and advisers,
which will be followed of course by that of your
other, I will not say greater, office as judges.
It will be a victory over yon and us which
will -stir the heart of rebeldom with joy, while
your dead soldiers will turn uneasily in their
graves ; a victory to be celebrated by the ex-
ultant ascent of Andrew Johnson to the Capi-
tol, like the conqueror in a Roman triumph,
dragging not captive kings, but a captive Sen-
ate at his chariot wheels, and to bo crowned
by his reentry into the possession of that De-
partment of the Government over which this
great battle has been fought. It is shown in
evidence that he has already intimated that he
would wait on your action hero for that pur-
pose. But is this all? Hag not to your bosoms,
I entreat you, the fond illusion that it is all to
end there. It is but the beginning of the end.
If his pretensions are sustained, the next head
that will fall as a propitiatory offering to the
conquered South, will be that of the great chief
who humbled l,he pride of the chivalry by beat-
ing down its serried battalions in the field, and
dragging its traitor standard in the dust; to
be followed by the return of the rebel office-
holders, and a general convulsion of the State
which shall cast loose your reconstruction laws,
and deliver over the whole theater of past
disturbances to anarchy and ruin. Is this an
exaggerated picture ? Look to the history of
the past and judge.
And, now, let mo ask you, in conclusion, to
turn your eyes but for a moment to the other
side of the question, and see what are to be
the consequences of a conviction—of such a
verdict as, I think, the loyal people of this na-
tion, with one united voice, demand at your
hands. Do you shrink from the consequences?
Areyourminds disturbed by visions of impend-
ing trouble? The nation has already, within
a few short years, been called to mourn the
loss of a great Chief Magistrate, through the
bloody catastrophe by which a rebel hand has
been, unfortunately, enabled to lift this man
into his place, and the jar has not been felt as
the mighty machine of State, freighted with all
the hopes of humanity, moved onward in its
high career. This nation is too great to be af-
fected seriously by the loss ofanyoneman. Are
your hearts softened by the touching appeals
of the defendant's counsel, who say to you that
you are asked to punish this man only for his
divine mercy, his exalted charity to others?
Mercy to whom? To the murdered Dostie and
his fellows; to the loyal men whose carcases
were piled in carts like those of swine, with the
gore dripping from the wheels, in that holo-
caust of blood, that carnival of murder which
was enacted in New Urlcans? To those who
perished in that second St. Bartholomew at
Memphis, where the streets were reddened
with the lurid light of burning dwellings, and
the loyal occupants, who would have escaped,
were cast back into the flames? The divine
mercy itself is seasoned by justice, and waits
only on contrition. This is no place for such
emotions. If it be, it is but mercy to loyalty
and intioccnce, that cries aloud for the removal
of this bold, bad man. If it be, remember,
that while your loyal brethren are falling from
day to day in southern cities by the assassin's
knife, and the reports of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau are replete with horrors at which the
very check turns pale, your judgment hero
stains no scaffold with the blood of the vic-
tim. No lictor waits at your doors to execute
your stern decree. It is but the crown that
falls, while none but the historian stands by to
gibbet the delinquent for the ages that are to
come. No wail of woe will disturb your slum-
bers, unless it comes up from the disaffected
and disappointed South, which will have lost
the foremost of its friends. Your act will be a
spectacle and an example to the nations, that
will eclipse even the triumph of your arms, in
the vindication of the public justice in' the su-
blimcr and more peaceful triumph of the law.
The eyes of an expectant people are upon you.
You have but to do your duty, atid the patriot
will realize that the good genius of the nation,
the angel of our deliverance, is still about us
and around us, as in the darkest honr of the
nation's trial.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the Senate take a recess for fifteen min-
utes.
The motion was agreed to; and at the expi-
ration of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I ask leave of the
President, and Senators to make a short nar-
ration of facts, rendered necessary by what
fell from Mr. Nelson, of counsel for the Pres-
ident, in liis speech on Friday last, which will
be found on pages 888, 889, and 890 of the
record.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection the honorable Manager will pro-
ceed.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. This narration is,
as I say, rendered necessary by what was said
by Mr. Nelson, of counsel for the President,
in his argument on Friday last, contained in
pages 888, 889, and 890 of the record, in rela-
tion to Hon. J. S. Black, and the supposed
connection of some of the Managers and mem-
bers of the House with him in regard to the
island of Alta Vela. This explanation be-
comes necessary because of the very anom-
alous course taken by the learned counsel in
introducing in his argument what he calls a
" statement of facts," not one of which would
have been competent if offered in evidence,
and upon which he founds an attack upon a
gentleman not present, and from which lie de-
duces insinuations injurious to some of the
Managers and other gentlemen, members of
the House of Representatives, who arc not
parties to the issue here, and who have no
opportunity to be heard.
The learned counsel was strenuous in argu-
ment to prove that this was a court, and its
proceedings were to be sueli only as are had in
judicial tribunals. He therefore ought to have
constrained himself, at least, to act in accord-
ance with his theory. The veriest tyro in the
law in the most benighted portion of the south-
ern country ought to know that in no court,
however rude or humble, would an attack be
allowed upon the absent or counscl engaged in
a cause upon a statement of pretended facts,
unsupported by oath, unsifted by cross-exam-
ination, and which those to be affected by them
had no opportunity either to verify or dispute.
After extracting the details of a document
sent by his client to the Senate, the counsel
proceeds in relation to a; dispute concerning
the island of Alta Vela:
" According to the best information I can obtain i
state that on the. Oth of March, 18G8, General benjamin
I''. Butlek addressed a letter to J. \\T. Shaffer, in
which he stated that he was 'clearly of opinion that,
under the claim of the United States, its citizens
have the exclusive right to take guano there,' and
that ho had ne\ or been able to understand why'the
Executive did not long since assert the rights of the
Government and sustain the rightful claims of its
citizens to the possesion of the island in the most
forcible niannfv consistent with the dignity and honor
of the nation.
"This letter was concurred in and approved of by
john a. lo(;\.n, j. a. ki nild, w. ii. kooxtz, j. k.
moorhkap, Thapdeits Stevens. j. g. i>lain'k, and
Joiix A. Bixqham, on the same day, 9th March, 1808.
"The letter expressing the opinion of Generals
Bcti.ee, louast, and Gari-ielo was placed m the
hands of the President by ChaunceyF. Black, who, on
the 16th March, 1868, addressed alcttertohim in which
lie inclosed a copy ot the same with the concurrence
' of tuaddots steveks, John A. utngtum. j. G.
' Blaixe, j. ic. Moorhi:ad, and William ii. Koontz.
"Alter the date ot this letter, and while Judse
Black was the counsel of tho respondentia this cause,
he had an interview with the President, in which he
urged immediate action on his part and the sending
