1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3417
internal tax bill.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, under the order of the House, is the con-
sideration of the tax bill in Committee of the
Whole.
Accordingly the House, pursuant to order,
resumed the consideration in Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Blaine in the chair) of House
bill No. 1284, to change and more effectually
secure the collection of internal taxes on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend^the
tax on banks.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous^ con-
sent to offer an amendment to section six of
this bill.
Objection was made by several members.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made
to going back to sections which have been
passed, the Clerk will resume the reading of
the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I would suggest that the
Clerk announce the number of the section
when a new section is reached.
The CHAIRMAN. The number of the sec-
tion forms no part of the bill. The Clerk reads
very distinctly, and reads at the beginning o(
every section the enacting words, "And be it
further enacted."
Mr. ROBINSON. We will all acknowledge
that the Clerk reads ver> distinctly. But still
I would suggest that the Clerk commence the
reading of the section by its number.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will resume
the reading of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That immediately
after the passage of this act every assessor shall pro-
ceed, at the expense of the distiller, with the aid of
some competent and skillful person, to be designated
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to make
survey ofcach distillery registered or intended to be
registered tor the production of spirits in his district,
toestimateanddetermineitstrucproducingeapacity,
and in like manner shall estimate and determine the
capacity of any such distillery as may hereafter be
so registered in said district, a written report of which
shall be madem triplicate, signed by the assessor and
the person aiding in makinsr the same, ono copy of
which shall beluimshed to thedistiller.oneretained
by the assessor, and the other immediat ly trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
If the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall at
any time bo satislicd that such report of the capacity
of a distillery is m any respect incorrect or,needs
revision, ho shall direct the assessor to make m like
manner another survey of said distillery; the report
of said survey shall be executed in triplicate and
deposited as hereinbefore provided. And, in like
manner, and under like restrictions and provisions,
there shall be ascertained, recorded, and reported
the capacity of every establishment now existing, or
that may be hereafter commenced, for redistilling
distilled spirits.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
first clause of this section by striking out the
words " at the expense of the distiller." My
reasons for this amendment are twofold ; in
the first place, I think the Government should
pay all these expenses, and my second and
chief reason is that I dislike the relation which
is likely to be created by the payment of
money by a distiller to a public officer. This
is a small matter, but for one I prefer that the
Government should pay the expenses of this
inspection.
Mr. SCHENCK. There should be some
provision for the payment of the expense of
inspection. I would therefore suggest to the
gentleman to modify his amendment so as to
strike out the word '• distiller" and insert the
words " United States."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I accept the suggestion,
and modify my amendment accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to further amend
: tlii s section by striking out after the words
" United States," just inserted, the words
" with the aid of some competent and skillful
person, to be designated by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue." I make that proposi-
tion because there is no provision made for
the person to be called in, unless in some subse-
quent pact of the bill which I have not yet seen ;
and it would be difficult for the Commissioner to
designate some person who is not an officer.
If my amendment should prevail, then the
assessor or the assistant assessor, who is the
proper person, could make this inspection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it very necessary
that some skillful person should be employed,
even at some expense, so that this service
should be correctly performed.
Mr. ROBINSON. If this is not amended
in some way there will be infinite confusion.
The amendment of Mr. Robinson was not
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That after the
passage of this act it shall not be lawful for any
assessor to assess a special tax upon any distiller, or
for the collector to collect the same, or for any dis-
tiller who has heretofore paid a special tax as such
to continue the business of distilling, until such dis-
tiller shall have given the bond required by this act,
and shall have complied with the provisions of law
having relerenee to the registration and survey of
distilleries, and having reference to the arrangement
and construction ot distilleries and the premises con-
nected therewith, in manner and as required by this
act; nor shall it be lawf'ultor any assessor of internal
revenue to assess, or lor any collector to collect, any
special tax for distilling on any premises distant less
than six hundred teet Irom any premises authorized
to be used for rectifying, nor shall any assessor assess
or collector collect any special tax lor rectifying dis-
tilled spirits on any premises distant less than six
hundred feet from any authorized distillery. "Where
ever, at the date of the passage of this act, any recti-
fying establishment shall exist within six hundred
lect of any distillery, the maehineiy, tools,_imple-
ments, and apparatus for carrying on the business of
rectifying and ot distilling, respectively, shall be ap-
praised in such manner as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may prescribe, and the assessor shall
immediately notify the distiller or rectifier having
the least amount in vested in machinery, tools, imple-
ments, and apparatus that his business of distilling
or rcctilying, as the case may be, must be discontin-
ued at such place within thirty days; and if any dis-
tiller or lectilier shall fail to discontinue such busi-
ness on the premises within thirty days after the
receipt ot such notice, he shall be liable to all penal-
ties, lorleitures, and punishments incurred tor carry-
ing on the business of a distiller or rectifier without
having paid the special tax requiied by law. In all
.cases where a distilleiy and rectifying establishment,
distant the one tiom the other less than six hundred
feet, are occupied by the same person, said person
shall have the light to elect which business shall be
discontinued at that place; and if any premises used
for distilling be distant less than six hundred teet
from any premises used lor rectifying, butin adiffer-
ent coflection district, it shall be the duty ot the
assessors ot both of the adjoining districts immedi-
ately on the passage of this act to report the fact to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who shall
require the appraisement herein provided for, and
shalldirectwhiell business shall be discontinued, and
shall notify the assessor of the district in which such
premises are situated in order that the same may be
discontinued as heieinbetore provided. In all cases
where rectifying or distilling shall be discontinued
under the provisions of this section, and the time for
which the special tax tor rectifying or distilling was
paid remains unexpired, the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to refund out of any money
in the Ti easury not otherwise appropriated, on requi-
sition of the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue, a
proportionate part of any sum originally paid for
special tax therefor, which shall be in such ratio to
the whole sum paid as the unexpired time lor which
special tax was paid shall bear to the whole term tor
which the same was paid. Any collector or assessor
of internal revenue who shall lail to perlorm any duty
imposed by this section, or shall assess or collect any
special tax m violation of its provisions, shall be lia-
ble to a penalty ol $5,000 lor each offense.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend this sec-
tion, so far as it provides for the distance be-
tween distilling and rectifying establishments,
by striking out "six hundred feet" and insert-
ing "two hundred feet." I will state my rea-
son for that amendment.
I am well aware that the distance " six hun-
dred feet" was prescribed to prevent fraud;
and if mere distance would do it, and that
were all, I would not move my amendment.
But the Committee of the Whole, I think, will
see that great loss might accrue to individuals
without any proportionate gain to the Govern-
ment. This section provides that where there
are two or more distilleries, or two rectifying
establishments or a distillery and one or more
rectifying establishments, within six hundred
feet of each other, then those which are worth
least shall bo givbn up and abandoned in favor
of the larger one at the cost of the owner. That,
of course, crowds outthe small men to the ben-
efit of the large ones. Perhaps that is wise
enough if you are going to crowd out either.
Let me suppose a case. There is a street
upon which there are three rectifying estab-
lishments and one distillery within five or six
hundred feet. There may be good-will attached
to these establishments. But this section, as
it now stands, wouldcrowd outthe small estab-
lishments, and leave the whole of the good-
will and business in the hands of the larger
one ; all for the purpose of getting these estab-
lishments a few feet further apart.
Now, it will be a great deal easier to pre-
vent a man from carrying his whisky six hun-
dred feet than it will be to destroy the busi-
ness of two or three men on the opposite side
of the same street, for instance. This section
provides that the distiller or rectifier, having
the least amount invested in machinery, tools,
&c., shall give up his business, lose his ma-
chinery, and surrender his good-will to the
one having a larger amount invested. I do
not think there is gain enough in saving frauds
by the distance to compensate for the loss to
the individual.
I think two hundred feet between t&ese
establishments will be ample space to allow
the revenue officer to pass. We ought to have
the space wide enough for that, to see that no
harm is done, and that will save the harm in
a degree. I think the Committee of Ways
and Means will agree with me that in view of
the great difficulties, the great losses, and the
great wrongs that will result from this section
as it now stands, it will be better to have it
amended by reducing this distance from six
hundred feet to two hundred feet, or in some
other manner which will give relief.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am well aware that this
is a pretty hard rule to be enforced; but it is
one of those very important rules without the
enforcement of which and provision for which
in the law I very much doubt whether we will
make our law effective in all respects. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boiler]
says those establishments ought to be far enough
apart to permit revenue officers to pass between
them. Sir, they need to be a little further
apart than that. We have discovered that
pipes have been laid under buildings, under
streets, &c., in order to connect establishments
of this kind. And one great means of security
against such attempts at fraud is to get those
buildings reasonably far apart. I was myself
of the opinion they should be twelve hundred
feet apart to break up all possibility of con-
nection. The committee settled upon six hun-
dred feet. After aa examination of a great
many practices which prevailed I am satisfied
with that distance. I hope it will not be made
less.
A provision has also been made where they
are near together. I can state in behalf of the
committee, while we have been appealed to
most earnestly and urgently from some of the
principal cities to make a provision of this kind,
that while we require those hereafter to bo
erected to be six hundred feet apart, it is only
reasonable we should let those who have gone
into business to stand as they now are. That
is, we shall permit those who have for the last
four or five years, in nine cases out of ten, and
1 may say ninety out of a hundred, defrauded
the Treasury, to go on, and let this only apply
to those who are to go into business hereafter.
Mr. BUTLER. If that is necessary, why not
make the principal distiller who takes the busi-
ness take the rest within six hundred feet?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have not the power.
Mr. BOTLER. Then do not license him.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have not the power
to make one man take another man's property.
Mr. PRUYN. The reasoning of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means is
based on what has passed away. All these
things were done when the tax was two dollars
per gallon on whisky, and now it is proposed
in this bill to reduce the tax to fifty cents a
gallon. The chairman'sreasoningisconfined to
another condition of things than those provided
for in this bill. All these evasions were resorted
to when the tax was fixed at two dollars a gallon.
Now, sir, I hold this _ provision to be most
extraordinary. Here is a man who has ac-
quired his property in the regular way. He lias
