1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
A bill (H. E. No. 78G) declaring St. George
and Boothbay, in the State of Maine, and San
Antonio, Texas, ports of delivery, and au-
thorizing the establishment of bonded ware-
houses at Bucksport and Vinalhaven, in the
State of Maine ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 787) to prevent and punish
the unlawful use of public money and property.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a me-
morial of late officers of the Army, protesting
against the passage of the bill prohibiting the
payment of commutation of pay for officers'
servants; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FERRY presented a memorial of late
officers of the Army, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
commutation of pay of officers' servants; which
was-referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of Mark
Miller, of 'P&xas, praying the removal of the
civil disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Benjamin
Bloomfield, of Louisiana, praying the removal
of the civil disabilities imposed 011 him by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in relation to the
establishment of a national school of mines;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
late officers of the Army, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
commutation for officers' servants; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying the adoption of measures for the
reduction of the taxes and a reduction of the
expenses of the Government to a strictly peace
basis; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a memorial of Israel Hall,"
Egbert Judson, and others, owners of the
Island Yerba Buena, in the bay of San Fran-
cisco, California, protesting against the pas-
age of the bill winch proposes to transfer to
the Pacific Railroad Company more than nine
tenths of the rights and franchises of that
island; which was referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CATTELL presented a memorial of
citizens of New Jersey, praying a repeal of the
law establishing bonded warehouses; which
was referred to the Committee oil Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Maryland, in relation to the
rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries ; which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Council and House of Representatives of the
Territory of Colorado, in favor of making the
rates of postage uniform throughout the coun-
try; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post lioads.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
Burton Wapples, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying for a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of J. New-
ton Crittenden, of Chicago, Illinois, praying
Congress to lighten the burdens of taxation,
and to remedy the tendency toward a moneyed
aristocracy; which was referred to the Com-
xaittee 011 Finance.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a daily mail from Oroville, in the
county of Butte, via Humbug Valley and Tay-
jorsville, to Susanville, in the county of Lassen,
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the establish-
ment of a daily mail from the town of Oroville,
in the county of l'jutte, via La Porte and Gib-
sonville, to Quincy, in the county of Plumas, in
that State; which was lei'erred to the Commit-
tee 011 Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California, in relation to the establish-
ment of a national school of mines; which were
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. ROSS presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Kansas, in favor of granting aid to
the Atchison, Hayes City, and Santa F6 Rail-
road Company; which were referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, in favor of granting aid to the
St. Joseph and Denver railroad; which were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of granting aid to
the Missouri river, Fort Scott, and Gulf rail-
road ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the Chip-
pewa river in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Neillsville, 111 the
county of Clark, to Graves's Mills, in that
county, in the State of Wisconsin ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of Menomonee river, in that. State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
Council and House of Representatives of the
Territory of Colorado, in relation to the Las
Animas land grant; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. «
Mr. FOWLER presented a memorial of late
officers of the Army, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
commutation for pay of. officers' servants;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented two petitions of late offi-
cers in the volunteer service, praying that all
officers of volunteers below the rank of briga-
dier general who were in service on the 3d day
of March, I860, and who were honorably dis-
charged after April 9, 1865,, may be allowed
three months' pay proper; which was referred
to the Committee oil Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition of Elijah
G. Raiford, a citizen of Georgia, in which he
sets furth that be is disqualified under the acts
of Congress from taking a part as a citizen, and
he asks to be relieved. I ask the reference of
this petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNFjR. I also offer resolutions,
which are in the nature of a petition addressed
to Congress, adopted at a public meeting of
the Republicans in the counties of Choctaw,
Marengo, Sumter, Green, and Hale, all of the
State of Alabama, held at Demopolis, Ala-
bama, 011 the 14tli day of February, 1868, in
which they set forth that at the iatc election for
the ratification of the constitution of the State
of Alabama nearly all of the votes polled were
in favor of its ratification, that there were vio-
lence and threats, which kept a large number
of people away from the polls, and they request
and earnestly urge Congress to declare the
constitution ratified, and to admit the Senators
and Representatives from Alabama to their
respective seats without delay. 1 ask the refer-
ence of this paper to the Committee on the
Judiciary. ■
It was so referred.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Council and House of Representatives of
the Territory of Colorado, in favor of the ap-
pointment of commissioners to examine, sur-
vey, and set apart to that Territory the land
known as the Upper Plateau land ; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Council
and House of Representatives of the Territory
of Colorado, in favor of granting such addi-
tional compensation as will secure an early
survey of the public lands in the mountain
regions of that Territory; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Council
and House of Representatives of the Territory
of Colorado, in favor of opening the Fort? Col-
lins military reservation and subjecting it_to
1 ho preemption and homestead laws; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the payment of
the expenses incurred by that State 011 account
of the militia called out, by order of Major
General Curtis, for the purpose of repelling
the rebel raiders of Sterling Price from the
States of Kansas and Missouri; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and tlic Militia.
He also presented a petition of settlers 011
the Shawnee Indian lands, in Kansas, praying
that they maybe allowed the right to purchase
the land which they occupy whenthesame shall
be offered for sale ; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ASD REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of Daniel
Jay Browne, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. AYILLEY, frtrai the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
William L. Adams, submitted an advance re-
port thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 328) to establish certain
post roads, reported it with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 312) granting lands to the State of Kansas
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Fort Scott, Kansas, to
Santa F6, New Mexico, reported it with an
amendment.
NARRATIVE OF WILKES'S EXPEDITION.
Mr. _ MORGAN. _ I am instructed by the
Committee on the Library to report a joint res-
olution directing that the Government of Great
Britain be supplied with certain volumes of the
JNarrative of the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be passed.
Mr. MORGAN. I think there will be no
objection to it. I ask for its present consider-
ation.
_ The joint resolution (S. R. No. 114) direct-
ing that the Government of Great Britain be
supplied With certain volumes of the Narrative
of the Exploring Expedition was read a first
and second time by its title, and considered as
m Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Librarian of Congress to deliver to the Secre-
tary^ State a set of Dana's Crustacea, being
volumes thirteen and fourteen of the narrative
ot the exploring expedition under Captain
\> likes, and that the Secretary of State deliver
tfiem to the Government of Great Britain.
1 he joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was read the
third time, and passed,
SPIRITS SENT TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
