SUPPLEMENT TO
an armed vessel to take possession of the island; and
because the President iciused to do so Judge Black,
on the 19th March, 18G8, declined to appear further
as his counsel in this ease.
"Such are the facts in regard to the withdrawal of
Judge Black, according to the best information lean
obtain. So far as the President is concerned, 'the
head and front of his offending hath this extent—no
more.'
"It is not necessary to my purpose that X should
censure Judge Black or make any reflection upon or
imputation against any of the honorable Managers.
"ihe island of Alta Vela, or the claim for dam-
ages, is said to amount in valuo to more than a mil-
lion dollars, and it is quite likely that an extensive
speculation is on foot. I have no reason to charge
that any of the Managers are engaged in it, and pre-
sume that the letters were signed, as such eommuni-
tions are often signed, by members of Congress,
through tho importunity of friends.
"Judge Black, no doubt, thought it was his duty to
other clients to press this claim: but how did tho
President view it?" 4 * * * * *
" There are two or three facts to which I desire to
call tho attention of the Senate and the country in
connection with these recommendations. They are,
first, that they were all gotten up after this impeach-
ment proceeding was commenced against the Presi-
dent of the United States. Keep the dates in mind,
and you will see that such is the fact. Every one of
them was gotten up after this impeachmont proceed-
ing was commenced against him."
It cannot fail to be evident, that while the
counsel disclaims any imputation either upon
Judge Black or the Managers in words, he so
states what he claims to be the facts as to con-
vey the very imputation disclaimed. There-
fore it is that I have felt called upon to notice
the insinuated calumny.
My personal knowledge of matters connected
with the island of Alta Vela is very limited.
Some time in the summer of 18(57, being in
waiting on other business in tho office of the
Attorney General, Mr. Stanbery, I was pres-
ent at an argument by Judge Black in behalf
of the American citizens claiming an interest
in that island. I there, for the first time,
learned the facts agreed and in dispute con-
cerning it by listening to and incidentally tak-
ing a part, on being appealed to, in the dis-
cussion. In February last my attention was
next drawn to the matter of the spoliation and
imprisonment of American citizens upon the
island of Alta Vela by an inquiry of a personal
friend, Colonel Shaffer, if I had any acquaint-
ance with the question, and if so, would give
him my opinion as a lawyer upon tho merits
of the controversy. To serve u friend simply,
upon recollection of the discussion with the
Attorney General, 1 gave him such " opinion,"
the rough draft of which I hold in my hand,
which is without date, and which, being copied,
I signed and placed in his hands. This I be-
lieve to have been in the early part of Febru-
ary ; certainly before the act was committed
by Andrew Johnson which brought oil this im-
peachment. From that time until 1 saw my
" opinion" published in the New York Herald,
purporting to come from President .Johnson,
I never saw it or communicated with either of
the gentlemen whose names appear in the coun-
sel's statement attached thereto in any man-
ner, directly or indirectly, in regard to it or
the subject-matter of it, or the island of Alta
Vela, or the claims of any person arising out j
of it or because of it. Thus far I am able to j
speak of my own knowledge. i
Since the statement of the counsel "accord- |
ing to tho best information ho can obtain,'' I
have made inquiry and from the best informa- !
tiott I can obtain lind the facts to be as follows:
that soon after the ''opinion" was signed Col-
onel Shaffer asked Hon. John" A. Locax lo
examine the same question, presented him his
brief of the facts, and asked him if he could con-
cur in the opinion, which, after examination,
Mr. Logan consented to do, and signed the
original paper signed by myself. I may here
remark that the recollection of General Logan
and Colonel Shatter concur with my own as to
the time of these transactions. 1 have learned
and believe that my "opinion" with the sig-
nature of General Lo<;an attached was placed
in tho hands of Chauncey F. Black, esq., and
by him handed to the President of the United
States with other papers in the case. Mr.
Black made a copy of my "opinion," and af-
terward at his convenience procured a member
of Congress, a personal friend of his, one of the
signers, to get the names of other members of
Congress, two of whom happened to be Man-
agers of the impeachment. This was done by
a separate application to.each without any con-
cert of action whatever, or knowledge or belief
that the paper was to be used in any way or for
any purpose other than the expression of their
opinions upon the subject-matter. This copy
of my "opinion," when so signed, was a very
considerable time after the original given to the
President. I desire further to declare that I
have no knowledge of or interest, directly or
indirectly, in any claim whatever arising in any
manner out of the island of Alta Vela other
than as above stated.
Injustice to the other gentlemen who signed
the copy of the paper, I desire to annex hereto
the affidavits of Chauncey F. Black, esq., and
Colonel J. W. Shaffer, showing that neither
of the gentlemen signing the paper had any
in terest or concern in the subject- matter thereof
other than as above set forth.
While I acquit the learned counsel of any
intentional falsity of statement as he makes it
to his "best information," which must have
been obtained from Andrew Johnson, yet the
statement contains every element of falsehood,
being both the suppressio verl and the sug-
gestio falsi in that it says that on the 9th of
March General Benjamin F. Butusr addressed
a letter to J. W. Shaffer, and that " this letter
was concurred in and approved of by John A.
Looan, J. A. Garkielb, W. II. Koontz, J. K.
Mooriiead, Thaddecs Stevens, J. G. Blaine,
and John A. Bingham on tho same day, 9th
March, 18(58," when tho President know that
tho names of the live last-mentioned gentle-
men were procured on a copy of the letter long
after the original was in his hands.
Again, there is another deliberate falsehood
in the thrice reiterated statement that these
signatures were procured and sent to him for
the purpose of intimidating him into doing an
act after he was impeached, the propriety and
legality of which was contrary to his judgment,
when, in truth and in fact, the signatures were
procured and sent to him in order, as he
averred, to sustain him in doing what he him-
self declared was just and legal in the premises,
and which ho intended to do. ,
Tho use made of these papers is character-
istic of Andrew Johnson, who usually raises
issues of veracity with both friend and foe
with whom he comes in contact:
I, Chauncey F. Black, attorney and counselor-at-
law, do dej>oso and say that tho law firm of Black,
Lament & Co., have been counsel for years on behalf
of Patterson Murguiondo to recover their rights
in tho guano discovered by them in tho island of
Alta Vela, of which they hud been deprived by force,
and tho iuipi isomnont of their agents by somoot the
inhabitants of Dominica. As such eounsei, we have
argued tho cause to tho Secretary of State, and also
to the President, beforcwhoin the question lias been
pending since J uly li), 1S(>7.
We have in vai ious foims pressed the matter upon
his attention, and he lias expressed himself fully and
freely satisfied with the justice of tho claims of pur
clients and his conviction of his own duty to afford
thedesiied relief, hut had declined to act because
of the opposition of tile Secretary of State. Uencral
J. AV. Shafl'cr having become associated with us in
thecn^e and lluv ing learned that General 1>U fli:r had
become acquainted with the merits of the ease, pro-
cured his legal opinion upon it, and also a concur-
rence by Uencral ],o<;aN'. Alter receiving this opinion
I ineloced it to the President. The time when this
opinion was received, and whether it was dated, I
do not recollect. The time that it was presented to
the President by me can be c.-labhshed by the date
(if mv letter inclosing it. Learning from a. mutual
friend that it would be desirable for the President to
receive the recommendations ot other members of
Congress X carried a copy of the opinion to tho House
of Kepresentati\es and procured the signatures of
some of my personal friends and asked tliem to pro-
cure the signatures of others tthich were attached to
the copy. Some considerable time after I.had for-
warded the original f sent, this copy so signed to the
President, These signatures were procured upon
personal application to the gentlemen severally,
without any concert of action whatever on their
part, and without any reference to any proceedings
then pending in the then present action of Congress
in JSbgard to the President whatever.
From my relation to the case of Alta Vela I have
knowledge of all the rights and interest in it, or in
relation to it,so that f am certain thatneithcrof the
gentlemen who signed the paper or copy have any
interest in tho claim or matter in dispute or in any
pait theicof, or arising therefrom in any manner,
directly or ir.diTectly, or contingently, and that all
averment to the contrary from any source whatever
is untrue in fact. CHAUNCEY F. BLACK.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 28th day of
April, A. D. 1868. N. CALLAN,
[l. s.]
Notary Public.
To the best of my knowledge and belief the facts
contained in the above affidavit are true in every
particular. J. AT. SIIAPFER.
Sworn and subscribed bofore me this 28th day of
April, A. II. 1868. N. CALLAX,
[l. S.]
Notary Public.
AVith this simple statement of the facts, Mr.
President and Senators, I am content to leave
the question of the history of Alta Vela.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, as you have heard the statement of the
honorable Manager, I trust you will permit me
to make such reply as I deem fitting and ap-
propriate to the present occasion. The hon-
orable gentleman speaks 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel can
proceed by unanimous consent. If there be no
objection he will proceed.
Mr. NELSON. Of course I will not pre-
sume to proceed without leave of the Chief
Justice and the Senate. I inferred from their
silence that the Senate were willing to hear me.
The honorable gentleman speaks as to what
he supposes to be the knowledge and the duty
of a tyro in the law, and animadverts with
some severity upon the introduction of this
foreign subject by him in the course of the in-
vestigation. 1 beg leave to remind the hon-
orable Senators that, so far as I am concerned,
I did not introduce the topic without having,
as I believed, just cause and just reason to do
it; and whatever may be the gentleman's view
in regard to a tyro in the legal profession, I
beg leave to say to him, and to this Senate, that
I never have seen the day in my life—not from
the earliest moment when my license was
signed down to the present time—when a client
of mine was assailed, and assailed as I believed
unjustly, that I did not feel it the very highest
professional duty I owed upon the face of the
earth to vindicate and defend him against the
assault. My views may be, and probably are,
different from those of the honorable gentle-
man and from the views of others. "Without
casting any censure upon my associates, I will
say that if the duty had devolved on me to lead
and conduct the investigation in this case, as
it did not devolve, but upon those of longer
and higher standing in the profession than my-
self, I vould have met tho gentleman on every
occasion when he made his assaults upon the
President of the United States, and I would
have answered them from time to time as those
charges were made; and I would not have
permitted one of his insinuations to go unan-
swered, so far as an answer could be furnished
on our side. When the honoiable Manager—■
I am not. alluding to the one who has just ad-
dressed the Senate, but to the honorable Man-
ager who closed the argument so far as it has
progressed [Mr. Boutwei.l]—addressed the
Senate on the other side, and saw fit to draw
in dark and gloomy colors a picture of the
President of the United States, and of the
influence he has over his Cabinet, and when
he saw fit to represent them as serfs obedient
to the control of their master, and to make
allusion to the withdrawal of Judge Black, I
deemed that a fitting and proper occasion, and
so consider it still upon the most cahn and
mature reflection, for me, as one of the counsel
for the President, to meet and answer it, aud
nail it to the counter, as I think I have done
successfully.
You all know—and if need be I can hunt up
the newspapers and can furnish the testimony
—that when Judge Black retired from the Pres-
ident's cause it was published and proclaimed
in newspapers hostile to the President that
Judge Black, seeing that the case of the Pres-
ident was a desperate case, hud withdrawn
from it in disgust; and the very highest pro-
fessional duty that can animate counsel under
the heavens devolved on me when this impu-
