2394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wUl be I""'1 flve dollars
May 8,
itv nf ,T0Tifl; ( L i ' 0'uc lUi securing tne pur-
\IKJ u ?®oh registrar, judge, and clerk,
swiff «!.0™ ? iT  u.th0 functions of a deputy,
!JJ™' j1 constable, and is empowered to make ar-
lests, and authorized to perform all duties anner-
twi™ '>®efrs «nder the laws of tho State
^unng the days ot election.
nj.Kfii* u every precinct on the days of eloction all
public oar-rooms, saloons, or other places at which
intoxicating or mult hquors aic sold at retail, will be
i ""9U! an? ^traction of this respect como
j kn?wI£dgeof the commissioners of election, or
toe deputy sheriff in attendance, they will immedi-
ately cause tnp arrest of the offending: party or par-
ties, and the closing of his or tlioir place of business.
All parties so arrested will be placed under bonds of
not less than $100 to appear fur txial when required
oy proper authority, or, in ease of failure to give the
required bond, will beheld in arrest to await the ac-
*6® general commanding.
±1,1* Should violence or fraud be perpetrated at
tne election many precinct, thogeneralcomraandinj?
wui exercise to the fullest extent tho powers vested
in him lor the purpose of allowing to all icgistered
electors an opportunity to vote freely and fearlessly.
124.. jNo registrar, judge, or clerk will be permitted
to become a candidate lor oftice at the election for
wincb he serves jis commissioner.
X. Such furthcrorders as may be deemed necessary
By tho general commanding upon thesubjeet ofelec-
tions^ lor State or other officers, as may have been
provided for by tho convention, will, when the con-
. stitution, or ordinances of tho convention relating
to tho subject, shall have been received, be issued.
iJy command of Brevet Major Goneral A. C. Gillem :
JOHN TYLER,
first Lieutenant 43d Infantry.
„ ~ . , Brevet Major V. S. A., A. A. A. General.
Official copy:
WILLIAM AT WOOD,
First Lieutenant Vjih Infantry,
A. A, A. General.
The record shows that his order, as well as
tlie reconstruction acts, was disregarded in
alniost every particular. He provided that no
registrar, judge, or clerk should be permitted
to become a candidate for office at the elec-
tion at which he served as commissioner. And
yet the fact was, in a large majority of the
counties, the men who conducted the election
were candidates for Congress, for members of
the State Legislature, for county judges, for
sheriffs, and other offices, and were themselves
acting in direct violation of the order. They
counted the votes and determined the legality
of the voters who offered to vote for or against
the constitution, when the very existence of
the offices for which they were candidates de-
pended altogether upon the ratilication of the
constitution; for if the constitution itself was
not ratified their offices all fell to the ground.
\ hey struck from and added to the registration
lists to suit their own purposes, not only up to
the time the polls opened, but during the time
the election was being held, as the proof'clearly
shows.
Look at the record of the vote as shown by
General GiHem's report, which shows a ma-
jority of thirteen hundred and sixteen for the
constitution. Take, for instance, the county
of Pulaski. The majority in favor of the con-
stitution in that county is thirty-nine hundred
and twenty-two. The polls were kept open
from the 13th to the 80th of March. There
were eleven hundred and ninety-five more
votes cast than were registered. And the
fj.99f submitted by General Gillem shows, as
1 think clearly, that they kept the polls open
there, and in other counties where the blacks
were m the majority, until they ascertained
what number of votes were necessary to carry
the constitution upon which their offices de-
pended, and they allowed them to vote with-
out certificates.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
a ^lreS wr'V r.TT?^ T?v'e.?e ,)as made a mistake.
Mr. ELD RIDGE/. Mr. Speaker, when gen-
tlemen cut us off without debate and then ask
to take part of the few minutes they graciously
allow us, I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has the right to yield for
explanation of the pending question if he sees
fit to do it. If he declines he cannot be inter-
rupted.
Mr. BECK. If I have made a mistake in
the figures I will allow a question.
Mr. PAINE. I understood the gentleman
to remark that it appeared that votes were cast
in Pulaski county without certificates of regis*
tration ? Did he mean to state that ?
Mr. BECK. I mean to say that the inves-
tigation failed to discover that a single man
out of the eleven hundred and ninetyfive in
excess of the registered voters in Pulaski
county was a legal voter anywhere.
An examination of the report of General
Gillem, and of Colonel Tourtelotte, who was
sent by him to examine into the alleged frauds,
will show that the commissioners conducting
the election in Pulaski, where, as stated, the
vote was eleven hundred and ninety-five in ex-
cess of the registration, and in Jefferson,
where seven hundred and thirty votes were cast
by persons not registered in the county, except
in very few instances, failed to swear the per-
sons offering to vote that they had not voted
elsewhere, failed to take their names or their
residences, or the places where they claimed
to have registered, the number of certificates,
or any other facts whereby the fraud could be
traced. The registrars themselves were wholly
unable to give any information which even
tended to show that these persons had not
voted elsewhere, and the presumptions are all
that they had, the votes being all received, not
only in disregard, but in palpable violation of
the plainest provisions of the law. There is a
large mass of evidence and information ac-
companying the reports of General Gillem and
Colonel Tourtelotte which the committee de-
clined to have printed, partly because of the
delay it would cause, and partly because a
majority of the committee considered that it
would not affect the result. Iliave these facts
now before me. I have read and examined all
of them, hastily, it is true, as I have had very
little opportunity to do so, and it shows sub-
stantially the following state of the ease in the
few counties that could be reached, either in
whole or in part, by the gentleman who under-
took to get the evidence to base his report
upon :
1. Johnson county: Russell B. Chitwood,
registrar and superintendent of the election at
Spadra precinct, reported the vote for the con-
stitution there as being one hundred and nine-
teen for the constitution and ninety-nine against
it. The fraud there was so palpable, and the
precinct so small, that they determined to make
that a specimen of the whole, and accordingly
the affidavits of one hundred and seventy-seven
gentlemen are taken, all properly signed and
sworn to, showing that they each voted against
the constitution in that precinct. It appears
that the whole vote cast there was two hundred
and eighteen, of which forty-one was for and
one hundred and seventy-seven against the
constitution—a majority of one hundred and
thirty-six against it, instead of twenty majority
m its favor, _ as returned. It is claimed that
the majority in Johnson county was one hun-
dred and ninety against the constitution instead
of forty-two, as reported. ' Besides, t.he affi-
davits of the-individual voters, the joint affi-
davits of Messrs. Connelly and Cravens, and
the letter of W. W. Floyd to Hon. F. A. Terry,
on file, sustain this state of fact.
2. Madison county: the affidavits of sixteen
registered voters are filed, showing that they
were not allowed to vote solely because they
were opposed to the constitution, and other
affidavits show that twenty-one citizens, hav-
ing all the qualifications required by the re-
construction laws of Congress, were not allowed
to register or vote because they were known
to be opposed to the ratification of the consti-
tution.
3. Izard county: it is shown by affidavits
that in Union township fifty-seven registered
voters were rejected, fifteen in White River
township, seventeen in Conway township, and
forty-two in Mill Creek township, in all one
hundred and thirty-one, because they desired
to vote against the ratification of the consti-
tution. The affidavits of eight other registered
voters show that they were rejected without
cause other than opposition to the constitu-
tion. The report of General Gillem shows that
the vote of that county was four hundred and
nine against the constitution and one hundred"
and forty-five for it; majority against it, two'
hundred and sixty-four. It appears satisfac-'
torily that men who were opposed to it hi many
instances were not allowed to vote, white those
who favored it were permitted to vote at their
holnes, on the highways, and elsewhere, as well
as at the voting places designated cither by taw
or the military orders.
4. Carroll county : in this county there are
a number of separate affidavits taken ; the re-
sult may be thus stated. Twenty-six registered
voters swear that they, though duly qualified,
were not allowed to cast their votes solely be-
cause of their opposition to the constitution;
seven were rejected because they had been
overseers on public roads, and one because he
had come from Missouri-some years before, and
it was alleged that ho could not have voted
there if he had remained, making in all thirty-
four illegally disfranchised in Carroll county.
There are also affidavits hero showing that
in the county of Washington more than fifty
men were excluded who were known to be legal
voters, many of whose votes were received and
then taken by the registrars, who were candi-
dates for various offices, and torn up in their
presence and thrown on the ground. Of Pu-
laski and Jefferson I have spoken generally
before. The greatest frauds were, peibaps,
committed in these counties. There are affi-
davits here showing that women were per-
mitted to vote, that minors were permitted to
vote, and that the polls were kept in the hands
of the registrars and executive committees, and
never sent to the general commanding until
there had been every opportunity to manipu-
late them to suit the purposes of the parties,
they being themselves, in many instances, can-
didates for office under the constitution.
These factssare shown in this record, and I
have the affidavits lying before me. General
Gillem himself alleges.that there are charges
offraud which ought to be investigated. The
officer who was sent to make an investigation
makes the same allegation, and says that it was
asserted by those desiring to do so that it would
take six weeks to make the investigation. He
had not time to make a full investigation, but
he reports all the facts that I have stated. Gen-
eral Gillem returns a letter to him from the
Democratic Central State committee, which I
will read, offering to prove all the alleged frauds
if time is allowed. It is as follows:
Littlk Rook, Abkassas, April 13,1868.
Genekal: In yourtelegram of March 28. to Colonel
i: A-ien-y, yoii gave the assurance that'" charges of
i" i icu .'e- e,ecti.on> "preferred by cither
PMty, - would be impartially investig-ated."
aelymg oil that pledge, and with a view to afford
a basis tor making it effective, we, as the central
committee of the Democratic party of Arkansas do
now allege that in many of the counties, if not in 'all
teiS nf°/h8nS ?M.fraIuds were perpetrated in tho in-
teicst or tho Radical party, making the election n
mockery, and nullifying the legally expressed will
of a large majority of the registered voters of tho
fetate, by whom the constitution was. in fact over-
of bcin*  rte
to^^
Xffirn A- aV thc .rce*strars of the clce*ion
weie bittei Radical partisans, and in minv
office' for success
on theiatifica.,1011 of the constitution—as in Tuinski
iTvuilLittloRiver'.aadolbJS;
tied
mrv e^opes tUI th'e 30th where they re-
tion—as in Piiillinf S{? • u« *"°r constita-
. ?t. l'ranuis, Crittenden, Chicot.
DesliC.J^^
