1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3419
not be done. Take Chicago as a criterion.
It costs about seven cents a gallon to take the
corn from Chicago to the city of New York
before making it into whisky, while you can
transport the whisky at about three cents a
gallon. The difference in the cost of making
the whisky in the West and the cost of making
it in the city of New York, or any of our
eastern cities, is about four cents per gallon.
You cannot make whisky in a legitimate way
in New York, Boston, or any of your eastern
cities and compete with those who make it in
the West. Jf the tax is honestly paid this
business must be carried on not where ground
is reckoned by the foot or the hundred feet,
but where it is reckoned by the acre. In the
West you do not find the distilleries in the
large cities, but outside, near the large corn-
growing sections. It is there that whisky can
be made cheaply; and when the business is
honestly carried on those who desire whisky
in New York, Boston, <fcc., must send out
there to get it. The more protection you can
by legislation throw around this branch of
business the better it will be, and the more
taxes will be collected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, I entered
upon this discussion supposing the question at
issue to be that indicated in the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Butler,]
not as to the particular distance which it may
be proper should exist between the distillery
and the rectifying establishment, but whether,
when the two establishments are situated
within a given distance of each other, the
smaller should be sacrificed to the greater.
That is the question involved here, and the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] has, it
seems to me, been battling a shadow. I do
not make any point as to the proper distance,
whether it be two hundred or five hundred or
one thousand feet; but the question is whether
when one man owns a property 
Mr. LOGAN. I would like the gentleman
to explain to the House, if he can, at what
time this thing of putting the rectifying estab-
lishment close to the distillery began, whether
it did not begin within a year or two, about the
same time these frauds commenced?
Mr. PRUYN. I know nothing about that;
it is not the question involved here at all. The
question of distance is a minor question.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman says I Lave
been " battling a shadow." Why does he not
Eropose a substantial amendment embracing
is point?
Mr. PRUYN. The question really pre-
sented here, and that which I propose to dis-
cuss, is this: if there are two establishments
near to each other, one worth $10*5000 and the
other worth $9,000, shall the man owning the
$9,000 establishment be required to close it up
and sacrifice his property, while the man own-
ing the $10,000 establishment is permitted to
go on with his business? Is this just or right?
1'he gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has put distinctly to the House the ques-
tion whether the license to the party owning
the $10,000 establishment cannot and ought
not to be conditioned on his paying for the
$9,000 property. I hold that there is no moral
right, no right under the established principles
of our Government, by which the property of
a man may be sacrificed for public purposes
without compensation being made either by
the Government or by the other party involved
in the matter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to under-
stand the gentleman's position, and therefore
1 would like to ask him this question: does he
deny the power of Congress to provide by law
that no license shall be issued to a rectifier
wiiose establishment is within six hundred feet
of a disti'lery?
Mr. PRUYN. That is not the point at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is precisely the
point.
Mr. PRUYN. The question which we have
to look at is not as to the extent of an arbitrary
and unqualified power, but as to what is right
and just. I ask the gentleman whether lie
would like his property to*be sacrificed to the
interests of anybody without one dollar being
paid for it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I submit that that
is an evasion of my question, not an answer to
it. If we may declare by law that no license
shall be issued to a rectifier whose establish-
ment is within six hundred feet of a distillery,
we may provide directly that rectifying estab-
lishments and distilleries shall not be within
six hundred feet of each other.
Mr. PRUYN. It is an established principle
of this Government, recognized everywhere,
that private jiroperty shall not bb taken for
public purposes without just compensation.
The provision of the pending section contem-
plates the taking of private property, either for
promoting the public interests in this respect,
or for that which would in this view be more
objectionable, to promote the interests of the
person owning the larger of two adjacent estab-
lishments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PILE. I renew the amendment for the
purpose of calling the attention of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Prutn] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
to what their proposition involves. They say
that where a rectifying establishment and a
distillery are within less than six hundred feet
of each other the owner of the rectifying estab-
lishment should be compelled to buy out the
distillery, if the latter is worth less than the
rectifying establishment.
Mr. PRUYN. If he wants a license.
Mr. PILE. Now, why should he be com-
pelled to buy it when he cannot use it in his
own name ? I want to know whether there is
any more authority in law and justice for com-
pelling one man to buy property which he can-
not use than for compelling the other man to
remove his property? There may be hardship
either way. But when the property of one
man happens to be worth five dollars less than
another piece of property adjoining, though he
may have five times more property in other
localities and in other branches of business, is
it right to compel the man owning the more
valuable property, though the difference is only
five dollars, to buy out a property which he
cannot use, which is worthless to hiin?
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman is supposing,
in the very case he puis, that this unjust legis-
lation is to take effect.
Mr. PILE. There is as much injustice one
way as the other.
Mr. PRUYN. Then do not legislate in that
way.
Sir. PILE. If the gentleman's argument
proves anything, it proves too much.
Mr. PRUYN. Not at all. I say do not do
injustice to either party.
Mr. PILE. T wish, while upon the floor, to
answer the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Is-
gersoll,] who asks whether there has been a
single case of fraud where the distillery and
the rectifying establishment have been within
two hundred feet of each other. I wish to say
that, in the city of St. Louis, a hidden pipe
was discovered running from a large distillery
to a large rectifying establishment nearly four
hundred feet distant. By digging in the night
under the wall of a house a pipe was dis-
covered running through the middle of a cellar
wall. The parties implicated, including one
man who is a Government officer, have been
indicted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This question, involving
the right of the citizen to his property, is of too
great importance to be passed upon hastily.
Now, sir, let me illustrate the operation of the
provision contained in this section. Neither the
distilling nor the rectification of whisky is a new
business in this country, both having been car-
ried on years ago all over the United States,
although not so extensively as within the last
five or ten years. Now, let me suppose a case
the parallel of which can be found in any (own
where distilling is carried on to any consider-
able extent. On one lot there is a distillery
valued at $75,000. On another lot, within
three hundred feet of that distillery, is a rec-
tifying establishment worth $50,000. Both
have been in operation ten years. They were
not established to aid each other in defraud-
ing the Government of its revenue. Both were
established to do a legitimate business, (we
have recognized the whisky business as legit-
imate by licensing it and collecting revenue
from it.) By this bill it is proposed that a valu-
ation of the two establishments shall be made,
and that if the distillery shall be found to be
worth more than the rectifying establishment
the latter shall be confiscated. You do confis-
cate it if you deprive the owner of the use of
his property for the purpose for which it was
erected.
Mr. LOGAN. He can remove it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. He'cannot.
Mr. LOGAN. Why so ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. He cannot remove it
without expense. It is possible, I confess, to
remove it; but you confiscate his property
when you make him suffer $10,000 damages.
I ask whether this is not taking private prop-
erty for public use without compensation ?
Mr. LOGAN. What is the remedy ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am not here to propose
a remedy. If you will let the section pass over
for the present we will prepare an amendment.
We ought to protect the rectifier who has been
doing an honest business. We ought certainly
to stop a moment before we confiscate property
worth perhaps $100,000 without any compen-
sation therefor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man where he gets the power for the regula-
tions provided for rectifiers for the last three
years or more?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I say that a man wlio
carries on a fraudulent rectifying establishment
is not entitled to any rights ; butl propose when
an honest man has invested money in this busi-
ness, and has carried iton withoutany suspicion
being attached to him, that his property shall
not be confiscated without compensation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. SOHENCK. I move to make it eight
hundred feet.
Mr. Chairman, let us see what all this storm
means. It is provided no rectifying estab-
lishment or distillery shall be within less than
six hundred feet of one another. Gentlemen
do not object to that. They would keep these
rectifiers and distillers far apart,^ or some dis-
tance apart. That settles the principle so far.
What next? It may be there are now exist-
ing some within that distance. They propose
not to permit the election between those so
situated, but to strike out that sentence. If
you strike out that sentence what is the con-
dition of things? Neither of them will be
permitted to go on. Is that what is desired ?
is that what they propose?
Mr. PRUYN. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. What is done in this bill ?
Gentlemen admit these establishments must
be kept apart from each other, and any one
who knows anything about the subject will not
fail to admit their proximity is one of the
great sources of fraud. There are some exis.t-
ing within this distance. What do we do?
We propose a rule of election. The Govern-
ment might refuse to permit either of them to
go on. The Government might propose one
of them might pay a special license and go on
with the business, but that would be a greater
hardshipthanifabill of this kind passed. What
is proposed ? If there are one or more withurfhe
limited distance, there shall be a rule of elec-
tion made, so the least damage shall be done.
That is the whole of it. Gentlemen concede
everything if they say they must be kept apart,
but when they are within the limited distance
