1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Congress, because of the fact that in both in-
stances the ten days expired when Congress
was not in fact in session, although the session
continued, there being a recess. It tfould be
a very serious question if that bill had passed
—if it is the bill to amend the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia so as lo allow colored people
to hold office—I forget what the title of the
bill was—it would be a very serious question
but for the fact that that bill passed in both
Houses by more than two thirds of a majority,
so that, although the President did not have
the opportunity to veto the bill, it has become
a law by a vote of each House sufficient to
make it a law notwithstanding a veto. Prac-
tically, therefore, that question is not an im-
portant one; but I think it important to'lix
the law on this subject. Therefore I concurred
with the committee, and now shall vote for
this bill, thinking that a case of this sort ought
to be provided for.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the com-
mittee are unanimous in favor of the bill.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect any
dissenting voice in committee. 1 think it was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think so ; I believe
all the committee agreed to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If this measure is to
validate one of those former bills, it may per-
haps be a serious question to know which one
is to be the law; whether the one first passed
or the second. It may' possibly be that they
are not identical in terms. I do not know how
that fact may be.
Mr. SUMNER. They are.
Mr. BUCKALEW, 1 think we are to reach
a vote in this casein rather a singular manner,
to say the least of it. I have not examined
this question and know nothing about it except
what has been stated by the Senator from
Indiana; but the idea that the bill alluded to
is to become a law under that clause of the
Constitution which authorizes Congress to re-
pass bills after a veto, and considering the rea-
sons of the President, seems to me to be quite
unfounded. His reasons are to be sent to us.
We are to consider those reasons. We are to
vote upon them in giving validity and force to
our bill. How all that can be accomplished in
this manner I confess I cannot understand.
Now, Mr. President, I have another thought
in connection with this subject. The Consti-
tution itself provides for this very case ; it pro-
vides that when a bill has been sent to the
President he shall return it within ten days;
otherwise, it shall become a law unless Con-
gress by its adjournment prevents its return. I
cannot understand how, by statute, you can
change the operation of this provision, meddle
with it, Or afl'ect it in any way whatever. There
stands the fundamental law; there stands the
regulation which is made by it. It is impos-
sible for us to extend this period of ten days
beyond the intention of the Constitution itself'.
It is impossible for us to validate a bill after
ten days by statute in this manner.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania—1 have so much
respect for his judgment that I desire to know
what he thinks on this particular subject—
whethor ill : time will continue to run provided
the Senate be not in session at the expiration
of the ten days? Suppose that we adjourn
from Friday until Monday, as is frequently the
case, and the ten days expire on Saturday, and
the bill originated in this body, is the Saturday
not to be counted, under the Constitution?
Congress is in session.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is supposing an-
other case ; I am taking the present case. Of
course I have not given, perhaps, the same
amount of reflection that members of the com-
mittee have to it. It seems to me, however,
that passing a statute for the purpose of regu-
lating the proceeding under this clause of the
Constitution is quite a novel thing. If it be
the judgment of Congress that cither one of
the former bills became laws by the expiration
ol time, not having been returned by the Pres-
ident. let us pass a resolution such as we do
in ordinary eases, directing the bill to be filed
with the Department of State. When we pass
a bill after it has been returned by tlic Presi-
dent, and give it constitutional sanction, I
bebeve the practice is to direct that it shall be
tiled in the Department of State with a certifi-
cate that it has received the constitutional vote.
Now, if we intend to validate one of those for-
mer bills, if we intend to hold that our last bill
which went to the President before the recess
in December is a law, we should follow the
accustomed practice, it seems to me, in such
cases ; provide that that bill shall be certified
in a proper manner by our officers and filed
with the Department of State ; but for us de-
liberately to enact a law here to declare when
a bill shall become a law and when it shall not,
and send it lo the President in order to amend
the Constitution of the United States, to render
it more clear, seems to me a very improper
proceeding. Although it may have no perni-
cious effect, in this case, it is a bad precedent,.
Mr. DAVIS. I would prefer myself, as a
member of the Senate, that this matter should
lie over for another day, that Senators may
have an opportunity of examining it. I have
no desire myself to make any invalid or unim-
portant objection to the bill; but it seems to
me it is a bill of a good deal of importance,
and should receive more mature consideration
than it is likely to receive this morning. I
therefore hope that the honorable Senator from
Vermont will allow the bill to pass over until
to-morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Senator
who has charge of this bill whether it provides
for a ease of this kind : suppose the ten days
expire during a temporary adjournment of
Congress, and the President has prepared a
veto message which he desires to send to the
House in which the bill originated; what
course, under this bill, is then to be taken?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is provided for.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not febserve any
distinct provision on that subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS, it gives him leave to
return the bill, and if he has objections ho
returns them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill says:
And if at any time within the aforesaid ton days the
President shall detiro to return a bill to the llouso
in which it originated, or to send a message to such
llouso that he has bigncd the same when such llouso
is not sitting, it shall bolawtul for him to return such
bill or scud such message to the olfice of tho Secretary
of tho Senate or Clerk ot the llouso of ltepxesentu-
lives, as the ea^c may be.
Is that intended to include a veto message ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course, because the
only case in which he can return a bill is re-
turning it with objections.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 simply wished to un-
derstand the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and the honorable
Senator from Kentucky have expressed some
doubt about this bill and desire that it should
lie over, and as probably there is no great ne-
cessity for pressing its consideration to-day, I
will ask the honorable Senator from Vermont
to allow it to lie over, and I desire to take up
for consideration the question which was pend-
ing, upon which I expected to address tho
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be in order at
one o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that it is
not the unfinished business. One day having
intervened since it was under consideration
without having been taken up by the Senate
it is not before the Senate as unfinished busi-
ness. It is necessary, therefore, to ask the
Senate to take it up. If the bill could pass
without debate I myself should have no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. EDM UNDS. I was in hopes that this bill,
which has been very matiiiely considered, and
which does not make anything the law that is
not the law now, except the hill itself, if it should
pass, could be disposed of this morning. Jt
merely ascertains that these other bills that
have passed are laws already by force of the
Constitution, and we arc only providing for a
simpler means, regulating the means by %vhick
the President may return such bills, if he wishes
to do so, jvith his objections, or send a message
that he has signed them, when we do not hap-
pen to be in session. That is the upshot of the
whole thing; and I should be very sorry to have
the bill go over unless the Senator from Ken-
tucky feels a very deep desire to examine it.
There is nothing at all frightful or revolution-
ary in it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, in his present
mood and habits, is the best judge of what is
"revolutionary." I think he is so familiarized
with that matter that he has lost some sensi-
bility on that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true; I have lis-
tened to my honorable friend from Kentucky
for a considerable time lately. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and the Senator
might have listened with profit if he had given
me a more attentive ear. I think the honorable
Senator is about as good a subject to be talked
to as we have in the Senate.. [Laughter.]
However, Mr. President, my objection to
this bill is not a trifling objection, in my judg-
ment. I assure the Senate that I have no dis-
position to delay unnecessarily the passage of
the bill; but there are some provisions in it
which I do not approve. I had considered
with the Senator from Pennsylvania that this
was a matter regulated by the Constitution,
and that probably legislation would not be
necessary ; but in that conclusion I do not
have any confidence. Now, what is an ad-
journment of Congress, it seems to me, is an
idea fixed by the Constitution at the time it
was adopted. Whatever idea that term im-
parted at the time the Constitution was adopted
is the meaning"and intent of the Constitution.
I know that it is inconvenient aud a little diiE-
cult to decide what isan adjournmentand what
is not an adjournment; but the principle as
established by the Constitution, in my judg-
ment, cannot be changed by legislation. What-;
ever is the idea, the meaning of the Constitu-
tion by the term "adjournment," as it was
understood at the time the Constitution was
framed, is the principle which is to govern
the matter ; and Congress by its legislation has
ho power whatever to change the idea or the
sense of that term as it was understood by the
framers of the Constitution.
Here is an objection that occurs to me at
present to this billthe Constitution requires
that if the President does not approve a bill
he shall return it with his objections to the
House in which it originated; this bill provides
a different mode of disposing of that bill m case
Congress has temporarily taken a recess or an ad-
journment. It dispenses with the requisition ot
the Constitution that the bill shall be returned
to the House, and directs that it be returned to
the officer of the House, if the body is not then
in session. I do not believeit is competent for
Congress to make any such change as that. I
believe that the Constitution is mandatory in
that respect; that the bill, where the President
vetoes a bill, must be returned to the House,
and not to the oflicers of the House. Of course,
if he is to return the bill to the House, the
House must be in session, because it is not a
House, unless in session in the sense in which
the Constitution requires the bill to be returned
tp the House by the President with his objec-
tions. I may be wrong in these views. They
may be crude and incorrect. I only want an
opportunity to examine the matter; and I as-
suie the Senator trom Vermont I am not dis-
posed to make unnecessary opposition to his
measure, and it may be that I shall coincide
in the judgment of the committee. All I desire
is a little time to examine it. If the Senate
do not choose to grant that time I submit.
Mr. HENDRHJKS. I should like to ask
the learned Senator from Kentucky what would
be his construction of the Constitution in this
case; where the Senate adjourns over two days
which it may do under the Constitution, and
is not in session when the ten days expire alter
a bill which originated in the Senate has gona
