4444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. CONNESS. It is the unfinished busi-
ness, and has been lying over informally.
The PllESWENXpro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Michigan is before the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The unfinished business
•was before the Senate half an hour ago and
laid over.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore Any Sena-
tor has a right to move to lay it aside and take
up something else.
Mr. CONKLINGr. But the motion is not
to put it aside. Let the Senator make that
motion if lie chooses.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very anxious to get
up the bill relative to the central branch, and
to get the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall vote against the
Senator if he takes this course.
Mr. HOWAKD. I do not care about that.
I move to take up Senate bill No. 25C.
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
'Die 3'eas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONIvLINGr. I wish to make one re-
mark on this motion. The Senator from Mich-
igan understands, of course, that I am not the
only member of the body who wishes to sub-
mit remarks, somewhat at length, upon the
central branch bill ; and I say to the Senator
that, reluctant as I am to occupy time at this
stage of the session, if he persists in taking up
the hill I shall fee 1 at liberty to debate it with-
out regard to the lateness of the session. Since
it was up before I have examined the whole
question very carefully, and before a vote is
taken upon it I intend to put upon the record,
and deliberately, my objections to it. Now,
if the Senator thinks anything is to be gained
on the last legislative day by taking up a bill
which will certainly lead to a long discussion,
and would lead to discussion even if I were to
hold my peace, so be it. I submit to him that
without advancing the bill it will simply fritter
away the day.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the motion
to be to postpone the unfinished business?
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
To postpone the special order. The Senator
from California calls for the special ordei 
Mr. CONNESS. Which is the unfinished
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to put that aside,
and to take up Senate bill No. 256.
Mr. HOWE. I only wish to say that I shall
vote against putting aside the unfinished busi-
ness, but I do not understand that the bill
alluded to by the Senator from California is
the unfinished business.
Mr. CONNESS. It has been so decided by
the Chair.
Mr. HOWE. We shall see about that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to take up Senate bill No. 25G.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say one word to
the Senate before the vote is taken. For two
weeks past I have urged the bill constituting
the unfinished business on the attention of the
Senate. We are now in the last day in this
session. It is a subject I submit that we should
legislate upon before we adjourn. There is
no more discussion to be had upon it, the vote
is simply to be taken, and I ask the Senate now
not to put it aside, but to proceed to vote
upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make one re-
mark. I have no doubt there will be time
enough to dispose of this bill, and the bill to
which the Senator from California refers, also.
]n relation to the remark of the Senator from
New York I have this to say: I do not believe
that his sense of propriety would permit him
to attempt to fritter away the session unneces-
sarily. He, of course, will claim enough time
to present his views clearly and fully. He
has a right to that; and I have no doubt those
who are in favor of the passage of the bill will
listen patiently to all he has to say that may
be said legitimately. I do not understand him
to intend to convey the idea that he will speak
against time with a view of defeating the bill.
If there is a majority of the Senate that believe,
under all the circumstances, the bill ought to
pass, of course they will vote to take it up;
and if there is not such a majority they will
vote against it. I hope the vote may be had
on the merits of the bill according to the opin-
ion ol'Senators. I have no personal interest
in it myself. I think, however, the Govern-
ment is under obligation to enable this com-
pany to make its connection according to the
original design and according to the law under
which it began to build. I hope the Senators
will vote according to their understanding of
the merits of the case.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from New
York intimates that if this bill be taken up
now the day will be frittered away in discus
sion. That is very possible ; but I do not fore-
see it unless he sees fit to consume the whole
day by discussing the bill himself. I beg to
say to the Senator that as this bill has received
quite thorough discussion heretofore, and as
he has spent more time in that discussion, ac-
cording to my recollection, than any other
member of the body, the question will be ad-
dressed to his sense of public duty whether he
will fritter away the time of the Senate on this
last day of the session in speaking against
time with a view to defeat this measure. That
is all I have to say about that. I cannot bo
intimidated by any such remarks as fell from
the lips of the Senator.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 have not made up my
mind to vote against this bill; I am deliberat-
ing on that subject; but I shall vote against
taking it up at this time, and I hofie it will not
be taken up. I think the other bill has pre-
cedence, and we ought to give it that position
to which it is entitled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was informed this
morning by a member of the other House—
whether his judgment was correct or not I do
not>know—-that there was a very strong prob-
ability that at the close of this day there would
not be a quorum of the House left for busi-
ness. It is perfectly obvious that the bill which
we have passed this morning, if it goes to the
other House, as it will now, will not bo acted
upon there ; and there is no probability that if
we have a discussion on this bill, and it goes
to the House, it will be acted upon; and it is
contrary to all precedent to lake up on the last
day of the session original Senate bills involv-
ing debate and considerations of great import-
ance and send them to the House of .Repre-
sentatives. I think, therefore, this bill ought
not to be taken up; but there is just as much
propriety, in my judgment, in taking it up as
there was in taking up the other bill and ex-
pending two hours upon it, and just as much
to be accomplished by it. As the Senate seems
disposed to use up the few remaining moments
we have,which ought to be devoted to matters
that can be disposed of. to bills to which there
is no objection, and which are somewhat of a
business character, such as that which is held
at this moment by myfriend from New Hamp-
shire in his hands, and the executive business,
I feel rather disposed to fall in with the senti-
ment of the Senate as exhibited this morning
and vote to take up this bill. As we have spent
a large portion of the day uselessly, in my
judgment, I do not see why we should not go
on in the same system, if that is agreeable to
the Senate. I suppose there must be an under-
standing on the part of gentlemen that the
result of that course will be to have an extra
session of the Senate next week to dispose of
executive business. That must be the inevita-
ble consequence, and another consequence
will be the defeat of a great many measures of
more or less importance which could be passed
if we would only act on them here and send
them to the other House this morning. It is
not a disagreeable thing for gentlemen like my
friend from Iowa, who has a comfortable house
here with his family nicely located, to stay
another week or a fortnight. He probably will
do so whether Congress remains in session or
not. But for those who have been here eight
months, and who would like to return home aa
soon as the time comes on Monday, it is dis-
agreeable to spend this time on railroad bills
that cannot come to a termination this session
instead of devoting it to ordinary matters and
to settling those things which can be finally
acted upon and disposed of at this session,
Mr. FRELINGrHUYSEN. I vise to call
the Attention of the Senate to an important bill,
hoping that they will afford me an opportunity
to call it up, not to antagonize it with either
of these bills now. The Senate will remember
that at the last session we passed the bank-
rupt law, which provided that after six months
none should have the benefit of it unless they
paid fifty per cent, of their debts and a major-
ity of their creditors agreed to the discharge.
The House of Representatives have passed a
bill extending the period within which one may
take the benefit of the bankrupt law without
paying fifty per cent, until January next. The
whole southern delegation are urging the pas-
sage of the bill as essential to the interests of
that section of the country, because the people
were unable for the want of the requisite f unds
to deposit to take the benefit of the law within
the first six months. Most of those at the
North who desired to take the benefit of it have
already done so, so that it is really a measure
for the relief of the South, and a most import-
ant measure. I state this to the Seriate now,
so that when a motion is made to adjourn or to
go into executive session they will remember
that the bill to which I have called attention
will be presented, and I hope they will deal
favorably with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Michigan, and upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe there is a mis-
apprehension as to a point of order, and per-
haps I am responsible for it. I understand
that last evening the Senate adjourned during
the consideration of a bill which was in charge
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe. ]
If so, I suppose that is the unfinished business
which comes up as a matter of course. But it
seems impossible to untie this knot, and I wish
the Senate would cut it. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CONNESS. That is pending a call of
the yeas and nays. Do not do that.
Mr. POMEROY. After the order to call
the yeas and nays on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, the Senator from Rhode
Island cannot make another motion until that
- has been decided.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe it is the dispo-
sition of the Senate to remain here next week,
and I therefore withdraw my motion, I sub-
mit to the wishes of a majority.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Michigan, to take up Senate bill No. 256.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was inclined to favor
the bill, but I think it useless to take it up now.
I shall vote in the negative,
Mr. DRAKE. On all questions connected
witii this bill I am paired off with the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmixun, ]
If he were present he would vote against the
bill and I for it.
Mr. SUMNER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Mokrzli,.] I should vote for taking up the
bill. r
The question being taken by yeas and navs,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 27 : as follows:
.YEAS —Messrs. Chandler, Jerry. Harlan. ITend-
Thivp ileJJonalil, Xye, Pomorny, Kinase},
and Yates—16°' Wide, Welch, Wilson,
Anthony, Cameron, Cai-
lmiV v Conn ess, Corbett. Davis, TJoo-
KelloZ"v*P ' Frelmghuysen, Henderson. Howe,
shire $ 1h™yil{°rean. Pat terson of X ew Un m„.
m m lennefc.ee. Rice, Sawyer, Shcr-
hams-!>7 ' btewart' Trumbull, Wioyte, and Wii-
DK-o^EtHr Jfesrs' JJ«iyard, Buckalew, Crnffin
i>uon, ^ake, .Edmunds, Fowlor, Orimes, Harris,
