1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4445
Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Osborn, Pool, Robertson, Boss, Saulsbury, Sum-
ner, Vickers, and Willey—21.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
472) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to allow the United States to prosecute appeals
and writs of error without giving security,"
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1453) for the
relief of William Grant Powers, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
appeals and writs of error.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 472) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to allow the United States to
prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security."
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment need
not be read. It is simply to add a provision
as to corporations that passed the Senate in
another bill. The House has put the two to-
gether. I move that the amendment be con-
curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
iiocse bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1458) for the relief of
William Grant Powers was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 858) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to Soldiers' Monument Association of Pequon-
nock and Paterson, New Jersey, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
rights of citizens abroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
7G8, to protect the rights of American citizens
abroad.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand that this is
a motion to postpone the regular order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
motion to take up the unfinished business.
Mr. HOWE. The unfinished business, I
suppose, is up. I understand the unfinished
business to be the bill for the relief of O. N.
Cutler. That is the bill which was pending
last evening when the Senate went into execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is correct; that is the unfinished business.
Mr. CONKLING. But that was taken up
at last evening's session, which was specially
for private business.
Mr. CONNESS. My motion is to supersede
that, and take up for consideration House bill
No. 708.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. I have no objection to the unfinished
business being laid aside informally, if the
Senator's bill can be voted upon right away.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business will be laid aside informally,
if there be no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I see that the Senator from
Massachusetts is trying to get the floor. There
is evidently a disposition to put this bill aside
by a motion to go into executive session. My
friend from Massachusetts, I am sorry to say,
is proposing to make it. I hope the Senate
will be candid enough, and just enough, to give
us a vote now on this measure.
Mr. CONKLING. There is to be no more
debate, I suppose?
Mr. CONNESS. No.
ThePRESIDENT^ii'otempore. Therebeing
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from California, the bill (H. R. No. 7(38) to
protect the rights of American citizens in for-
eign States is before the Senate. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, upon which question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair;
there have been several questions of detail since
the bill came out of committee, and I wish to
have the precise amendment reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed by the Chief Clerk that the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, as it has been
amended in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish that that should be
reported to the Senate in its precise condition,
so that we shall know what we are voting on.
ThePRESlDENT^roiempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, as amended in
the Senate, is to strike out the third section of
the bill after the enacting clause, and in lieu
of the words stricken out to insert:
That whenever it sliall be made known to the Pres-
ident that any citizen of the United States has been
unjustly deprived of his liberty by or under the au-
thority of any foreign Government, it shall be the duty
of the President forthwith to demand of that Govern-
ment the reasons for such imprisonment, and if it
appears to be wrongful and in violation oftherigtits
of Ameiican citizenship, the President shall forth-
with demand the release of such citizen, and if the
release so demanded is unreasonably delayed or re-
fused it shall be the duty of the President to use suoh
moans, not amounting to acts of war, as hemay think
necessary and proper to obtain or effectuate such
release, and all the facts and proceedings relative
thereto shall, as soon as practicable, be communi-
cated by the President to Congress.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 12 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Cragin, Drake,Harlan. Henderson. Hendricks, Howe,
Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Nye, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Ramsey, liice, Ross, Sherman,
Spraguc, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Welch, Whvtc, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkhng, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Eielinghuysen, Howard, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pumeroy, Sawyer, Sumner, Trumbull'
and Willov—]i.
\BSEXT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buekalew, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Fowler, Giiincs, Harris, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pool, Robert-
sou, Saulsbury, Vickers, and Wade—22.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FERRY. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill. I do not want to discuss it.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
That any declaration, instruction, opinion, order,
or decision of any officer of this Government which
denies, restricts, impairs, or questions the right of
expatriation, is hereby declared inconsistent with the
fundamental principles of this Government.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be done. I
do not see any necessity of enacting an abstract
principle of that kind. The section is a pro-
hibition against any officer of the Government
of the United States expressing his opinions
on a certain subject. I do not believe in buch
legislation.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope Senators will not
strike out. this section.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut whether in moving to
strike out the first section of the bill he intends
to include the enacting clause?
Mr. FERRY. Of course not. My motion
is to strike out all of the first section of the
bill after the enacting clause. That leaves the
practical part of the bill in the second and
third sections sufficient for the purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will be left as it is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Howard. McCreery, Pomeroy, Sherman, V an Winkle,
and Welch—il.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cole, Conkling, Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragin,Doolittle,Drake, Harlan,Hen-
derson, Hendricks, llowe, McDonald, Morgan, Nye,
Patterson ot Tennessee, Ramsey, Rice. Ross, Sawyer,
Spragiic. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Whyto,
Willev, Wiiiiams, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
alew, CalteU, Dnvis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fesseuden,
Fowler, Grimes, Harris, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pool, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, and Yates—-26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. The state of the question
is this, as I understand it: the Senate has, by
its vote, inserted the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon as a substitute for the ori-
ginal third section. I now move that the third
section be stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. It was inserted not as a
substitute for the original third section, but as
a substitute for the amendment made in com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move to strike out
the third section.
Mr. CONNESS. That has just been in-
serted.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment of the
Senator from Oregon has been inserted as a
substitute for the third section. That leaves
the question behind as to whether there shall
be a third section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, who moves to strike out the
third section of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely; as a substitute
for the amended third section. Now, the
question is which form of third section do the
Senate prefer, or do they prefer any third sec-
tion. I submit that the bill is in better shape
if there is no third section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire if the
Senate has not agreed to the insertion of this
section as amended?
Mr. CONNESS. Twice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I raise the ques-
tion of order that the motion to strike out is
not in order, for that is simply another form
of moving to reconsider.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can take the vote
quicker than have the point of order decided.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to strike out the third section
of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to strike out
of the preamble the words "for the protection
of which the Government of the United States
was established."
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose not.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third-time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD. On the passage of the bill
I have one word to say. I am in favor of au-
thorizing the Executive to intervene in all
cases where American citizens have been
arrested and unjustly detained by foreign Gov-
ernments. That is one of the duties which
are devolved upon him by the position which
he holds. It is a power which ought to be
carefully and vigilantly cxercised, peacefully,
quietly exercised ; but I am not in favor of
devolving upon the President the enormous
power which is granted to him by the third
section of this bill. That section authorizes
him and commands him to do any act not
amounting to war which he may deem neces-
sary in order to secure the liberation of an
American citizen. He may resort to a species
of reprisals upon the foreign Government. He
may resort to non-intercourse. There are va-
rious acts preliminary to a declaration of war,
and which almost always in the history of
nations lead to war, that he may do under this
broad authority which we are now conferring
upon him.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States
places in the bands and in the discretion of
Congress the whole of the war-making power,
and it devolves upon the President of the Uni-
ted States no portion of that power, whether
it be the preliminary steps ordinarily preced-
