THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
their united power, in their combined interests,
with less attachment than upon any other of
the departments of this Government. The
President is, in the apprehension and in the
custom of the people of the United States, the
Magistrate, the authority for whom they have
that homage and that respect which belong to
the elective office. His oath of office is as
familiar to the people of this country as it is to
you, for they heard it during the perils of the
war from lips that they revered, and they have
seen its immense power under the resources
of this Constitution of theirs and supported by
their fidelity to maintain the contest of this
Government against all comers to sustain the
Constitution and the law.
It has been spoken of here as if the Presi-
dent's oath were simply an oath to discharge
faithfully the duties of his office, and as if the
principal duty of the office was to execute the
laws of Congress. Why, that is not the Presi-
ident's oath; that portion of it is the common
oath of everybody in authority to discharge the
duties of his office ; but the peculiar, oath of the
President, the oath of the Constitution, is in the
larger portion of it which makes him the sworn
preserver, protector, and defender of the Con-
stitution itself; and that is an office and that is
an oath which the people of the United States
have intrusted and exacted to and from no
other public servant but the President of the
United States. And when they conferred that
power and exacted that duty they understood
its tremendous responsibilities, the tremendous
oppositions it might encounter, and theyunder-
stood their duty implied in the suffrage that had
conferred the authority and exacted the obliga-
tion to maintain him in it—to maintain him in
it as against foreign aggression, as against do-
mestic violence, as against encroachments from
whatever quarter, under the guise of congres-
sional or whatever authority, upon the true
vigor of the Constitution of the United States.
President Lincoln's solemn declaration upon
which he gained strength for himself and by
which he gave strength to the people, "I have
a solemn vow registered in heaven that I will
pieserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States," carried him and carried
the people following him through the strug-
gles, the dangers, the vicissitudes of the rebel-
lion ; and that vow, as a legend, now adorns
the halls of legislation in more than one State
of the Union. This oath of the President.,
this duty of the President, the people of this
country do not in the least regard as personal
to him ; but it is an oath and a duty assumed
and to be performed as their representative,
in their interest, and for their honor; and they
have determined, and they will adhere to their
dctennination. that the oath shall not be taken
in vain, for that little phrase " to the best of
my ability," which is the modest form in which
the personal obligation is assumed, means,
when conferred upon the ability of the Presi-
dent, the ability of the country; and most
magnificently did the people pour out its re-
sources in aid of that oath of President Lin-
coln ; anil so when the shock comes, not in
the form of violence, of war, of rebellion, but
of a struggle between the forces of the Gov-
ernment in regard to constitutional authority,
the people of the United States regard the
President as then bound to the special fidelity
of watching that all the depaitments of this
Government obey the Constitution as well as
that lie obeys it himself.
They give him 110 assumption of authority
beyond the laws and the Constitution, but all
the authority and all the lesources of the laws
and the Constitution are open to him, and
they will see to it that the President of the
United States, whoever he may be, in regard
to the office and its duty shall not take this
oath in vain if they have the power to main-
ram him in its performance. Q'hat indeed the
Constitution is above him, as it is above all of
the servants of the people, as it is above the
people themselves until their sovereignty shall
choose to change it, they do not doubt. And
thus all their servants. President and Congress
and whatever authority, are watched by the peo-
ple of the United States in regard to obedience
to the Constitution.
And not disputing the regularity, the com-
plete authenticity, and the adequate authority
of this entire procedure, from accusation
through trial and clown to sentence, the people
yet claim the right to see and to know that it
is duty to the Constitution observed and felt
throughout that brings the result, whatever
it may be. Thus satisfied, they adhere to the
Constitution, but they do not purpose to change
it. They are converts of no theories of con-
gressional omnipotence. They understand
none of the nonsense of the Constitution being
superior to the law except that the law must
be obeyed and the Constitution not. They
know their Government, and they mean to
maintain it; and when they hear that this tre-
mendous enginery of impeachment and trial
and threatened conviction or sentence, if the
law and the facts will justif'yit, has been brought
into play, that this power which has lain in the
Constitution, like a sword in its sheath, is now
drawn, they wish to know what the crime is
that the President is accused of. They under-
stand that treason and bribery are great of-
fenses, and that a ruler guilty of them should
be brought into question and deposed. They
are ready to believe that, following the law
of that enumeration, there may be other great,
crimes and misdemeanors touching the con-
duct of Government and the welfare of the
State that may equally fall within the jurisdic-
tion and the duty. But they wish to know what
the crimes are. Tliey wish to know whether
the President has betrayed our liberties or our
possessions to a foreign State. They wish to
know whether he has delivered up a fortress
or surrendered a fleet. They wish to know
whether he has made merchandise of the pub-
lic trust and turned authority to private gain.
And when informed that none of these things
arc charged, imputed, or even declaimed about,
they yet seek further information and are told
that ho has removed a member of his Cabinet.
The people of this country are familiar with
the removal of members of Cabinets and all
persons in authority. That on its mere state-
ment does not strike them as a grave offense
needing the interposition of this spccial_ juris-
diction. Removal from office is not with the
people of this country, especially those en-
gaged in politics, a terror or a disagreeable
subject; indeed it maybe said that it main-
tains a great part of the political forces of this
country : that removal from ollice is athingin
the Constitution, in the habit of its admin-
istration. I remember to have heard it said
that an old lady once summed up an earnest
defense of a stern dogma of Calvinism, thai if
you took away her "total depravity " you took
away her religion, [laughter:] and there are
a great many people in this counirytluit if you
take away removal from oflice you take away
all their politics. So that, 011 that mere state-
ment. it does not strike them as either an un-
precedented occurrence or as one involving
any great danger to the State.
"Well, but how comes it to be a crime
they inquire. Why, Congress passed a law for
the first time in the history of the Government
undertaking to control by law this matter of
removal from oflice ; and they provided that if
the President should violate it it should be a
misdemeanor, and a high misdemeanor; and
now he has removed, or undertaken to remove,
a member of his Cabinet, and he is to be re-
moved himself for that cause. lie undertook
to make an ad interim Secretary of \\ ar, and
you are to have made for you an ad interim
President in consequence !
That is the situation, "'Was the Secretary
of War removed?"' they inquire. No; he was
not removed, he is still Secretary, still in pos-
session of the Department. Was force used ?
Was violence meditated, prepared, attempted,
applied? No; it was all on paper, and all
went no further than making the official atti-
tude out of which a judgment of the Supreme
Court could be got. And here the Congress
intercepting again and in reference to this
great oflice, this great authority of the Govern-
ment instead of the liberty of the private citi-
zen, recourse to the Supreme Court, has inter-
posed the procedure of trial and impeach-
ment of the President to settle by its own au-
thority this question between it and the Exec-
utive. The people see and the people feel that
under this attitude of Congress there seems to
be a claim of right and an exercise of what is
supposed to be a duty, to prevent the Supreme
Court of the United States interposingits serene
judgment in the collisions of Government and of
laws upon either the framework of the Govern-
ment or upon the condition and liberty of the
citizen. And they arc not slow to understand,
without the aid of the very lucid and very brave
arguments of these honorable Managers, that
it is a question between the omnipotence of
Congress and the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; and that is an issue
on which the people have 110 doubt, and from
the beginning of their liberties they have had
a clear notion that tyranny was as likely to be
exercised by a Parliament or a Congress as by
anybody else.
The honorable Managers have attracted our
notice to the principles and the motives of the
American Revolution as having shown a de-
termination to throw off the tyranny of a king,
and they have told us that that people will not
bend its neck to the usurpations of a Presi-
dent. That people will not bend its neck to
the usurpations of anybody. But the people
of the United States know that their fathers
went to war against the tyranny of Parliament,
claiming to be good subjects of the king and
ready to recognize his authority, preserving
their own legislative independence, and against
the tyranny of Parliament they rebelled ; and,
as a necessity finally of securing liberty against
Parliament, severed their connection with the
mother country; and if any honorable member
of either House will trace the working of the
ideas in the Convention that, framed the Con-
stitution of the United States he will discover
that inoidinato power which should grow up
to tyranny in the Congress was more feared,
more watched, more provided against than
any other extravagance that the workings of
our Government might be supposed possible
to lead to.
Our people, then, are unwilling that our Gov-
ernment should be changed; they are unwill-
ing that the date of our Constitution's suprem-
acy should be fixed, and that any department
of this Government should grow too strong or
claim to bo too strong for the restraints of the
Constitution. If men are wise they will attain
to what was sagacious, and if obeyed in Eng-
land might have saved great political shocks,
and which is true for our obedience and for the
adoption of our people now as it was then.
Said Lord Bacon to Buckingham, the arbitrary
| minister of James I:
i "As tar us it may lie in you, let no arbitrary power
I bo intruded; the people of this kingdom love the
laws thereof, and noilnns wilt oblige them more than
1 a confidence of the free enjoyment uf them; what the
I nobles upon an occasion once said in Parliament,
I ' hi/--'* Anoh'c mis imprinted in the
| hearts of all the people."—1 7-iueoaV Woi'J:*, p. 712.
| And in the hearts of all the people 'of this
1 country the supremacy of the Constitution and
j obedience to it are imprinted, and whatever
[ progress new ideas of parliamentary govern-
t ment instead of executive authority dependent
j upon the direct suffrage to the people may have
been made with theorists or with statesmen,
i they have made do advance whatever in tho
hearts or in the heads of the people of this
country.
i I know that there are a good many persons
who believe that a written constitution for this
i country, as for any other nation, is only for a
' nascent state and not for one that has acquired
' the pith and \igor of manhood. I know that
1 it is spoken of as the swathing bands that may
| support and strengthen tin: puny limbs of in-
!l fancy, but shame and cncumbcr the maturity
jj of vigor. This 1 know, and in eithei House I
I imagine sentiments of that k\nd have been
