2B98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
shall ^ass suitable laws to protect every religious
denomination in the peaceable enjoyment oi ita own
mod© ot* public worship; and to encourage schools
and the means of instruction.
Sec. 2-i. Ail lauds in this State are declared to be
allodia!, and feudal tenures ot every description,
with all their incidents, are prohibited. Leases and
grants of land for a longer period than twenty-one
years hereafter made, in which shall be reserved any
lent or service of any kind, shall be held a convey-
ance in lee to the lessee.
Skc. 25. The action of the convention of the State
of Arkansas which assembled hi the city of Little
Koek on the 4th day of .March, 1861, was and is null
and void. All the action ot the State of Arkansas
under the authority ot said convention, ot its ordi-
nances or its constitution, whether legislative, exec-
utive, judicial, or military, was, and is hereby, de-
clared, null and void; and no debt or liability of the
State of Arkansas incurred by the action of said
convention or ot the General Assembly or any de-
partment of the government under the authority of
either i<hall ever be recognized as obligatory: Pro-
vided, Tuat this ordinance shall not be so construed
as to alfect the rights of private individuals arising
under contracts between the parties, or to change
county boundaries or county seats, or to make invalid
the acts of justices of the peace or other officers in
their authority to administer oaths or take and cer-
tify the acknowledgments of deeds of conveyance or
other instruments of writing or in the solemnization
of marriage.
article viii.
Franchise,
Section 1. In allelections by thepeople the electors
shall vote by ballot.
Skc. 2. Every male person born in the United
States, and every male person who has been natural-
ized or has legally declared his intention to become
a citizen of the United States, who is twenty-one
years old or upwards, and who shall have resided in
tho State six months next preceding the election, and
who at tho time is an actual resident of the county in
which he offers to vote, except as hereinafter pro-
vided, shall be deemed an elector: Provided, No
soldier or sailor or marine in the military or naval
service of the United States shall acquire a resi-
dence by reason ot being stationed on duty in this
State.
Skc. 3. The following classes shall not be permitted
to register or hold office, namely, lirst, those who
duiing the rebellion took the oath of allegiance or
gave bonds tor loyalty and good behavior to the Uni-
ted States Government, and afterward gave aid,
comfort, or countenance to those engaged in armed
hostility to tho Government of the United States,
either by becoming a soldier in tho rebel army, or
by entering the lines of said army, or adhering in
any way to the cause of rebellion, or by accompany-
ing any armed force belonging to the rebel army, or
by lurnishing supplies of any kind to the same.
Second. Those who are disqualified as electors or
from holding office in the State or States from which
they eauie. Third. Those persons who during the
late rebellion violated the rules of civilized warfare.
Fourth. Those who may be disqualified by the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the United
States known as article fourteen, and those who
havo been disqualified from registering to vote for
delegates to the convention to frame a constitution
for the State of Arkansas, under the act ot Congress
entitled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of tho rebel States," passed March 2,
1807, and the acts supplemental thereto. Fifth.
Those who shall have been convicted of treason, em-
bezzlement Of public funds, malfeasance in office,
crimes punishable by law with imprisonment in the
penitentiary, or bribery. Sixth. Those who are
idiots orinsane: Provided, That all persons included
in the first,, second, third, and fourth subdivisions
of this section, who have openly advocated or who
have voted for tho reconstruction proposed by Con-
gress, and aocept the equality of all men before the
law, shall bo deemed qualified electors under this
constitution.
Sec.4. TheGcneral Assemblyshall have the power,
by a two-thirds vote of each House, approved by the
Governor, to remove the disabilities included in tho
first, second, third, and fourth subdivisions ot section
three of this article, when it appears that such per-
son applying for relief from such disabilities has in
good faith returned to his allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States: Provided, The General
Assembly shall have no power to remove the disabil-
ities of any person embraced in the aforesaid sub-
divisions who, after the adoption of this constitution
by the convention, persists in opposing tho acts of
Congress and reconstruction thereunder.
Skc. 5. Ail persons before registering or voting
must take and subscribe the following oath: "1,- 
• , do solemnly swear (or affirm; that 1 will support
and maintain the Constitution and laws ot the Uni-
ted States and the constitution and laws of the State
of Arkansas; that 1 am not excluded from register-
ing or voting by any of theclauses in the first, second,
third, or fourth subdivisions of Article VIII of the
constitution of the State of Arkansas; that I will
never countenanco or aid in the secession ot this
State from the United States; that I accept the civil
and political equality of all men, and. agree not to
attempt to deprive any person or persons, on account
oi race, color, or previous condition, of any political
or civil right, privilege, or immunity enjoyed by any
other class of men; and, furthermore, that I will not
in anyway injure, or countenance in others any at-
tempt to injure,any person or persons on account of
past or present support of tho Government of the
United States, the laws of the United States, or the
principle ot the political and civil equality of all
men, oi for atliliation with any political party: Pro-
vided, That if any person shall knowingly and falsely
take any oath in this constitution prescribed, such
person so offending, and being thereofduly convicted,
shall be subject to the pains, penalties, and disabili-
ties which by law arc provided for the punishment
of tho ciime of willful and corrupt perjury.
Sec.6. Electors sshuii in alt cases, except treason,
felony, or broach of the peacc, be privileged from
arrest and civil process during their attendance at
elections and m going to and returning from the
same.
Skc. 7. It shall be the duty of the General Assem-
bly to enact adequate laws giving protection against
the evils arising from the use of intoxicating liquors
at elections.
article ix.
jEducation.
Section 1. A general diffusion of knowledge and
intelligence among all classes being essential to the
preservation of the rights andliberticsof thepeople,
thoGeneial Assembly shall establish and maintain
a system ot'i'ree schools for the gratuitous instruction
of all persons in this State between the ages of five
and twenty-one yeuis, and the funds appropriated
lor the support ot common schools shall be distrib-
uted to the several counties in proportion to the
number oi child] en and youths therein between tho
agesof five and twenty-one years, in such manner as
shall be piescnbed by Ja*w, but no leligious or other
sect or sects shall ever have any exclusive right to or
control of any part of the school funds of this State.
Sec. 2. The supervision ot public schools shall be
vested in ^superintendent ot public instruction and
such other officers as the General Assembly shall
provide. The superintendent of public instruction
shall receive such salaiy and perform such duties as
shall be prescribed by law.
Sec. o. The General Assemblyshall establish and
maintain a State University, with departments lor
instruction in teaching, in agiiculturc, and the nat-
ural sciences, as soon as the public school fund will
permit.
Sec. 4. The proceeds of all lands thathave been or
hereafter may be granted by the United States to
this State, and not otherwise appropriated by the
United States or this State, also all mines, stocks,
bonds, lands, and other piopcrty, now belonging to
any fund for purposes of education, also the net pro-
ceeds of all sales ot lands and other property and
elfcets that may accrue to this State by escheat, or
from sales of estrays or from unclaimed dividends or
distiibutive shares of the estates of deceased persons,
or from fines, penalties, or forfeitures; also any pro-
ceeds of the bales of public lands which may have
been or may bo hereafter paid over to this State,
(Congress consenting;) also all the grants, gilts, or
devises thathave been or hereafter may bo made to
this State and not otherwise appropriated by the
tenure of the grant, gift, or devise, shall be securcly
invested and sacredly preserved as a public school
fund, which shall be the common property of the
State. The annual incomc ot which fund, together
with one dollar prrcttjnla to be annually assessed on
every male inhabitant of this State over the age of
twenty-one years, and so much of the oidinary an-
nual revenue of the State as may be necessary, shall
be faithfully appropriated for establishing and main-
taining tho free schools and the University, in this
article provided for, and for no other uses or pur-
poses whatever.
Sec. 5. No part of the public school fund shall bo
invested in the stocks or bonds or other obligations
of any State, or any county, city, town, or corpora-
tion. The stocks belonging to any school fund or
university fund, shall be sold in buch manner and at
such times as the General Assembly shall prescribe,
and the proceeds thereof, and the proceeds of the
sales of any lands or other prox>erty which now be-
long, or may hereafter belong, to said school fund,
may be invested in the bonds of the United States.
Site. G. No township or school district shall receive
any poition of tho public school fund unless a free
school shall have been kept therein for not less than
three months during the ycar.forwhich distribution
thereof is made. Ttie General Assembly shall require
by law that every child of sufficient mental and
physical ability shall attend the public schools dur-
ing the period between theages of five and eighteen
years for a term equivalent to three years, unless
educated by other moans.
Sec. 7. In ease the public school fund shall be in-
sufficient, to sustain afree school at least three months
in every year in each school dist rict m this State, the
General Assembly shall provide by law for raising
such deficiency by levying such tax upon all taxable
property in each county, township, or school district
as may bo deemed proper,
Skc. 8. The General Assembly shall, as far as it can
bedonewithoutmfringingupon vested rights, reduce
all lands, moneys, or other pioperty,used or held for
school purposes m the various counties of this State,
into the public school fund herein provided for.
Sec. 9. Provision shall also be made, by general
laws, for raismgsuchsurn or sums of money by taxa-
tion, or otherwise in each school district, as may bo
necessary for the building and furnishing of a suffi-
cient number of suitable school-houses for the accom-
modation of all the pupils within the limits of the
several school districts.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I think, sir, that
these provisions of this constitution are the
best answer lo the arguments against it. I
only wish to say in addition that it is a little
remarkable to find the gentlemen who have for
two years been clamoring for the admission of
the unreconstructed States and abusing this
side of the House because we were unwilling
to admit them to representation on thislioor, on
what was alleged to be purely partisan grounds,
should now oppose their admission for thfe
simple reason that their constitution secures
equal rights to ail men, and that their State
governments are in the hands of loyal instead
of disloyal men.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. BLAINE. I desire merely to address
an inquiry to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
on the other side of the Chamber, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] who made a very emphatic declaration
in regard to the character of the constitution
presented by the State ofx Arkansas and of the
general movement there as being adverse of
republicanism. He says the constitution bears
no evidence of being republican in form. I
desire to ask the attention of the honorable gen-
tleman, whose memory extends much further
than mine, to a circumstance that happened
here about twenty-two years ago, when Arkan-
sas was originally admitted into the Union, and
when she was admitted with a State constitu-
tion tolerating slavery, and also forbidding the
Legislature of that State, at any time, to take
any measure toward the abolition of slavery.
That was the constitution under which Arkan-
sas was originally admitted. I desire to ask
the honorable gentleman whether in his creed
to-day he holds that that was a republican
constitution ?
Mr. WOODWAUD. That question is not
here for us to^ settle. The gentleman says it
was decided twenty-two years ago. 1 submit
that our ancestors decided it, and 1 suppose
they decided that Arkansas had a republican
constitution.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not ask what they de-
cided. Tho gentleman was somewhat fierce in
his criticism upon this side of the House, and
I wanted to know what was his opinion of that
constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD. I had no opinion on
the subject. It was not a question for me.
Mr. BLAINE. Why, the gentle man was then
in public life very honorably in his and my
native State.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman must
ask me iclevant questions if he asks tne any.
That question is not here.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, it is very relevant.
Here are two constitutions of Arkansas—one
under which she was admitted twenty-two years
ago, and one under which we propose to admit
her to-<3ay. The gentleman has been very se-
vere and caustic in his criticism upon the action
proposed to be taken to-day. He contrasts
with it the status of Arkansas, which he says
has existed as a State under the Constitution,
which we are making war on. I desire to ask
him whelher he considers that constitution
which forbids the Legislature of the State to
take any measures looking to the abolition of
human slavery a republican constitution?
Mr. WOODWARD. In answer to the gen-
tleman I would say that the Government ot the
United States, having admitted Arkansas into
the Federal (Jnion under a constitution with
whose provisions I am not familiar, all ques-
tion that she had a republican form of govern-
ment was concluded then and there, has never
been opened since, and is not open now.
Mr. BLAINE, it 1 were a lawyer 1 should
say to the learned judge that he confesses and
avoids, because the issue he has raised here
to-day was that we had revolutionized Arkan-
sas and made war upon it, and ail to preserve
that very constitution which upheld slavery.
Mr. \\ OODW AliD. Slavery does not t xist
'"Arkansas under that, constitution to-dav.
Why? Because the Federal Constitution has
been amended with the consent ot' Arkansas.
Mr. BLAINE. But the gentleman has ad-
vised us that there was to be a great exposure
ot these matters by the judiciary, that ml these
questions were to be ripped up: and the gen-
tleman from New ork [Mr. Bkuoksj to!d us
liiat matters were to lo'd back, and roll back,
and roll back, until the ancient status wsw
reached. 1 he gentleman cannot escape in that
