3422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June123,
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move the following, to
come in before the word "but:"
Aud any person who shall make any pipe or hose
for any distillery over six hundred feet long shall be
guilty of a "high misdemeanor."
[Laughter.]
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the appropriate-
ness of this amendment will be quite evident
to the committee. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has said that they
can connect by pipes and hose and run them
under the street or over the tops of the houses,
and so conduct away the liquor from the dis-
tillery into the rectifying establishment. If the
distance is six hundred feet you should make
it it misdemeanor, a penal offense, for anybody
to make hose that length. Therefore I move
the amendment. If it is done by an officer of
the United States, being a misdemeanor, it
would be an impeachable offense; and as our
managers seem to be continuing on in that
line it might give them something to do by
prosecuting these transgressors.
Mr. M UN GEN. Any objection to making
two hose of three hundred feet each?
Mr. ROBINSON. I will not occupy the
time any longer. The thing is so evident that
I have no doubt it will be adopted.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The gentleman from New York, it
seems, does not confine his amendment strictly
to these persons engaged in distilling, but to
those who make hose six hundred feet or more
in length. Now, he might get his town burned
up and himself in it if such a proposition should
prevail. Therefore I shall vote against it for
humanity's sake. Now, one word upon the
question that has agitated the committee pretty
much the entire night. Gentlemen claimingto
be learned in the law—I do not pretend to be
one of that class ; I claim, however, to under-
t tand what is common sense and common law
say you cannot prohibit these distilleries and
rectifiers within a definite limit without an
lufrmgementofvested rights. Iask these gen-
tlemen who hold in their pockets licenses to
practice law whether or not it is not a privilege
which we give to the distiller or rectifier to
carry on their business? You have got the priv-
ilege sanctioned by the Government of the
United States. It is the privilege you are cre-
ating. But you say if it is prohibited within a
less distance than six hundred feet then it is
trenching on vested rights, and you have no
right to confiscate the property. 1 ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who makes that
argument, whether ho has not said things here
which are directly at issue with it. He has
declared that the whisky ring is in open viola-
tion of law, and at war with the body-politic
of the United States. Then if we capture it,
1*1 ve we not-a right to confiscate it ?
It looks to me as if, notwithstanding the
desperate fight we have had with the rebels,
the hardest fight we have got after all is with
this whisky ring. But we expect to lick them.
For one I believe the committee has given us
a bill that will hold water. [Laughter.] I
believe furthermore that we shall have these
distillers tight, and that we shall get about
nine tenths of every gallon of whisky that is
distilled. But I will warrant I know who will
get the balance. It will be the party that we
have got to meet this fall. Nevertheless, we
will brand the packages "U. S. & Co.," for
they belong to us.
The proposition of the committee that par-
ties shall not receive a license whose establish-
ments are within six hundred feet, puts a
quietus to them. We have the right to refuse
a license in such cases. They derive their
privileges from us, and we infringe no man's
rights by this provision. You may say this is
nonsense. But you grant these licenses and
make them pay the tax on them. So you grant
licenses to build big powder-houses. Even
the town corporations require slaughter-pens
to move out, to say nothing of the Govern-
ment of the United States. If, then, the cor-
poration of a little town can move slaughter-
pens away 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Inasmuch as I made my
motion for the benefit of the gentleman from
Tennessee, I withdraw it.
Mr. MULLINS. I return my most hearty
thanks to the gentleman. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr.
Schenck s amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose now to follow
up the amendment just adopted, by inserting
the words "and used" after "occupied" in
the twenty-sixth line ; so that the clause will
read:
In all cases where a distillery and rectifying-es-
tablishment, distant the one from the other less than
six hundred feet, are occupied and.used by the same
person, said person shall halve the right to elect which
business shall be discontinued at that place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move now to strike out
all after the word "place," in line thirty-eight,
down to and including the word " provided,"
in line forty-eight, as follows :
And if any premises used for distilling be distant
less than six hundred feet from any premises used
for rectifying:, but in a different collection district,
it shall be the duty of the assessors of both of tho
adjoining districts immediately on the passage of
this act to report the fact to tho Commissioner of
Internal Revenuo, who shall require the appraise-
ment herein provided for, and shall direct which
business shall bo discontinued, and shall notify the
assessor of the district in which such premises are
situated in order that the same may be discontinued
as hereinbefore provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to add to the sec-
tion the following proviso:
Provided, That the offices of assessor and assistant
or deputy assessors, collector and assistant or deputy
collectors, in each and every collection district of
the United States be, and the same are hereby, abol-
ished; and that the duties now devolving upon said
officers may be discharged by the officers who, by the
different States, aro or may be appointed or elected
and authorized to return the amount of taxable
property, and to collect and receive tho ordinary
taxes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order that that proviso is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HARDING. I offer the following to
come in at the end of the section:
Provided, That this act shall not be deemed to pro-
hibit the producing of alcohol in a distillery by pri-
mary continuous distillation.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
Only three or four gentlemen on the other side
have a right to say anything about this bill, and
I object to anybody else saying a word.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no objec-
tion to the gentleman entertaining that opinion.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the matter with the
gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. MUNGEN. I have been trying all day
to get in my amendment, and I think it very
strange that a proviso stating who shall collect
the revenue is not germane to a bill to provide
for the more efficient collection of the revenue
tax.
Mr. GARFIELD. I raise the point of order
that the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harding] is not germane
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment seems to be
germane and appropriate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, I would
like the distinguished members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to inform me whether
by the provisions of this-bill, and of the section
now under consideration, the privilege here-
tofore accorded by the law to distillers, of
running up by continuous process to the pro-
duction of alcohol, is permitted, or whether it
is designed by this limitation to compel the
great distilleries of the West that produce alco-
hol entirely to stop short of that mark and
remove the spirit away into other establish-
ments and there redistill it into alcohol? That
is my question. I desire to get information on
that point.
Now, sir, I will say to the House, in explana-
tion of this amendment, that heretofore a great
contest has prevailed in relation to this privi-
lege. Those who manufacture alcohol by sec-
ondary distillation are compelled to buy their
distilled spirits, which is usually manufactured
in the West, where grain is cheap, take it to
New York, and there redistill it, producing
alcohol. That is one mode of producing alco-
hol. Another mode is in the great distilleries
of the West to continue the process of distilla-
tion, beginning with the grain or molasses, and
running it on in the same establishment and
producing alcohol by one continuous process,
which is much cheaper and more profitable.
It condenses eight or tftn barrels into one;
and yet the capacity of the distillery, if you
produce alcohol in this way, is just as easily
ascertained as if you only produced proof-
spirits. I know that the Commissioner, who had
this subject under consideration, made a report
in favor of those who were compelled to pur-
chase their spirits, and I know that the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue informed me
that if we allowed the distilleries to produce
alcohol the secondary establishments would
be compelled to suspend business.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague [Mr.
Harding] allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARDING. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Can you run spirits up to the
degree of alcohol in a common still or distill-
ery where you have not the alcohol column ?
Mr. HARDING. I can answer the gentle-
man that such is the process of producing the
article in Peoria.
Mr. LOGAN. Outside of alcohol establish-
ments ?
Mr. HARDING. By the machinery they
use in their distilleries.
Mr. LOGAN. I guess not; I do not think
the gentleman from Peoria [Mr. Ingersoll]
will say that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am not a practical
distiller ; but I know they run it up very high.
And with an alcohol colum n they can distill their
high wines into alcohol in the same building.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaise
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on'banks, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE*
Mr. ARCHER asked and obtained leave of
absence for three days.
_Mr. MAYNARD asked and obtained indef-
inite leave of absence for his colleague, TMr.
Trimble.] l
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Old Domin-
ion Steamship Company and others, praying
for certain amendments in the laws relating to
pilotage of steamers.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Thomas
Sinclair and others, lithographers, of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, complaining that the pro-
ductive interests of the country are suffering
and its industry paralyzed for want of efficient
protection against the cheaper labor and capi-
tal of foreign couutries, and praying that Cou-
