4446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ing a war orthe actual conduct of a war. Ours
is a republican Government.. The war-mak-
ing authority is lodged in Congress; all the
functions which can be performed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States growing out of
legislation pertain to Congress ; and although
I conceive that Congress by such an act as this
may lawfully and constitutionally commit this
enormous discretion to the President, still it
strikes me that it is a departure from those
simple republican principles which lie at the
foundation of ourrepublieau system, and under-
lie the Constitution itself. We are verging, I
think, quite too rapidly toward a recognition
of the one-man power in this great Republic,
and it is time that we surveyed the position
which we have taken. It is high time that we
looked about us to see whether we are not
diverging from that line of republican duty
and republican principle which pertains to our
Government.
I will never commit this dangerous discre-
tion contemplated by this bill to any Execu-
tive ; and although it is at the very heel of the
session, when other business is extremely press-
ing upon us, I will not remain silent in my seat
when such an authority as this is to be granted
tothePresidentof the United States. We know
that Presidents are but frail mortals; the angels
fioin heaven have not yet descended to occupy
the presidential seat.; and the de«tinies ol' tho
country are. by this act placed in the hands of
the Executive, lie may be a wise man, he
may be an unwise 111:111, he may be a sound,
philosophical, patriotic statesman, or he may
be animated by selfish ambition and a desire
to engage the country in war with foreign Gov-
ernments. 1 would not give him that power,
because under it he may in six weeks from the
time it is bestowed upon him involve this coun-
try in a war with some of the foreign* Powers
ol the earth. 1 cannot agree to it. I choose
to keep this authority in the hands of Con-
gress, and never permit it to be exercised even
in this preliminary form without the consent
of the law-making power of the Government,
and 1 appeal to Senators to consider well
vlicther they are not taking a step in this mat-
ter and setting a precedent which may in Hie
end prove to be very dangerous and veiy de-
strm-tive to the character of our national
in^t itutions.
1 know that other business is so pressing that
it is unkind iu me further to occupy tho time
of the .Senate on this subject, and 1 will tiiere-
inio bring what 1 have to say to a close, with
this remark : that we, as 1 think, owe 110 duty
to Fenianism which can possibly justify the
Congress of the United States iu placing this
enormous discretionary war-making power iu
(he hands of Andrew Johnson, or any other
President. I am willing to go as far as any-
body in protecting American citizens abroad
from injustice; but 1 am not willing to pervert
the character of our own Government, in ob-
sequiousness to this demand of the Fenian
organizations, whose sole ambition is, and
always has been, to involve the United States
in a war with Great Britain on account of their
cause. Sir, I am not afraid of war at home or
abroad. I shrink from none of its responsibili-
ties. When the cause is just and clear and
honorable I would prosecute it at any expense
to a successful termination. But I am unwill-
ing that the Government of the United States
should be drawn into an affiliation with a com-
bination of men in whose real purposes our
Government has really no interest, and can
have very little sympathy. In saying this, I
do not undertake to say that the Irish at home
have not been oppressed by the British Gov-
ernment. That is a matter for the British
Government and people, and it is not a matter
in which the Government of tho United States
has a right to convert itself into an immense i
society of propagandism for the purpose of
subserving the ambition and the claims of
those persons.
Mr. FERRY. I am compelled by the course
which the bill has taken to vote against it.
The iirot section of die bill i.3 iu itself a merely
legislative declaration of an abstraction, and
that abstraction an untruth ; for it is not true
that the judicial decisions of the tribunals of
this country, from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, declaring the law of perpetual alle-
giance to be a part of the law of this nation
as well as of the nations of Europe, are incon-
sistent with the fundamental principles of re-
publican government. It is not true that the
denial of the right of expatriation, as it is
termed, is inconsistent with the fundamental
principles upon which this Government is
founded. Nay, more, sir, it may be necessary
again and again for the Government of the
United States to prevent the exercise of the
right or capacity of expatriation. Every act
which you pass in time of war to prevent your
citizens abandoning their country and freeing
themselves from the obligation to defend it by
seeking a foreign soil is an act directly oppo-
site to the first section of the present bill. So
that that section being first a mere declaration
of an abstraction, and that, being in itself untrue,
if ever capable of any leal purpose, capable
ouly of an evil purpose at a period when the
country is in danger, it ought not, in my judg-
ment, to receive the sanction of the Senate.
Again, so far as this bill undertakes to change
the law with respect to the right of expatria-
tion, it is an effort to change the law of nations
by a municipal statute. It is my opinion that
iu the progress of society the time has come
when the civilized nations should agree with
each other to give to their citizens the right to
change their homes and transfer their alle-
giance at such periods as the necessities of the
home defense do not make it necessary for
their respective Governments to call every cit-
izen or subject to that defense, it is time that
the law of nations should be changed so far as
the doctrine of perpetual allegiance is con-
cerned, because there is only oneway in which
that change can be accomplished, and that is
by the mode which is now being adopted among
the civilized nations of the earth, by the exer-
cise of the treaty-making power. I will per-
mit, I will vote for treaties between this nation
and all the civilized nations of the earth for
the purpose of accomplishing this object. In
Ibis way, and in this way only, can the object
be accomplished ; and 110 declaration of the
Government of the United States that it is
an inherent and inalienable right of the indi-
vidual man to expatriate himself can possibly
affect the municipal laws of any of tho coun-
tries of Europe or of the civilized nations of
the earth. Attempting, therefore, to do by
municipal statute that which is impossible to
perform is simply launching what is an absurd-
ity, and, in my judgment, in the enactment of
this bill we are exposing ourselves simply to the
contempt of the nations of the earth so far as
we are attempting to change the law of nations,
which is common to allcivihzed nations, by a
mere municipal statute of ourown. Theamend-
ment which [offered yesterday declaring it to be
the duty of this Government to protect equally
the naturalized and native-born citizen, and
declaring it to be the duty of the executive
department of this Government whenthe rights
of any citizen, either native-born or natural-
ized, were infringed by a foreign Government
to resist such infringement, and to afford full
and adequate protection, is all which this Gov-
ernment can do, and all that is necessary in
order to accomplish every honest purpose of
this bill.
Because, therefore, the bill, in my judgment,
in its first section is a declaration of that which
is a political untruth; because in its subse-
quent sections it is an effort to change the law
of nations by a municipal statute, and there-
fore impossible of accomplishing the result
which it seeks to accomplish ; because the
very ends to which the bill is directed are now
being rapidly accomplished by the treaty-inak-
ing power, the only power which can secure a
full accomplishment of those ends, I am com-
pelled to vote against the enactment of this
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. There
is not a single word
the Senator has said that has not been fully
replied to in this discussion already. Therefore
I have nothing to say.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall vote for this
bill, although there are some of its provisions
which do not fully accord with my judgment;
and therefore, although I could have preferred
different language in the third section, my
objections to that section are not strong enough
to compel me to withhold my vote for the bill,
which I regard rather as a legislative declaia-
tion than anything else. With the object of
the bill to secure the rights of our citizens,
both native and naturalized, everywhere I most
fully agree. In foreign countries those rights
are to be secured either by diplomacy or by
arms. With Germany we have already entered
into a treaty by which those rights are secured ;
the native born and the naturalized citizen are
placed upon a footing of equality. As I am
credibly informed and believe the Biitish Gov-
ernment. are about, 111 the negotiations which
are pending between that Government and
our own, to accede to the American doctrine
of the right of expatriation. I believe that it
will all be accomplished, and accomplished by
diplomacy.
While I agree to a certain extent with the
Senator from Michigan, that we are by this act
intrusting partially the war-making power to
the Executive, I do not think that we transcend
the Constitution as far as we go in this bill.
If my own judgment had been consulted I
should have preferred the language of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania; still the language of the amendment
oll'ered by the Senator from Oregon is not so
essentially different that I shall withhold my
assent from the bill itself.
I felt called upon to say this much, because
in the progress of legislating on this bill 1
have hail occasion to vote against several
amendments which have been offered from tune
to time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the passage of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Give us the yeas and nays.
["No!" "No!"] 1 withdraw the demand.
Mr. DRAKE. I want the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3'J, nays £> ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Cattell, Cole. Conkling:.
Couness, Oorbett. Oragin, Davis. Doolittle, Di.ike,
iluriun, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, liowe, Kei-
losg, MdCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson ot New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pomeioy, liamscy, llice, Sawyer, Sherman,
SpraKUC, Stewart, Thayer. Tipton. Wade, Welch,
Whyto, Wiiley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—
NAYS — Messrs. Ferry, Eessenden, Fowler, How-
ard, and A'an Winkle—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Dixon, Edmunds. Frelinihuy-
scn, (Tiames, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot Vermont,
Morton, Noiton. Pool, ltobertson, lloss, Saulsbury,
Sumner, Trumbull, and Viekers—20.
So the bill was passed.
AOIIICULTUIIAL COLLEGES.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 170) extending the bene-
fits of an act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
tho mechanic arts, approved July 2, ISO"' as
amended by act of July l«uO. to Suites
lately in rebellion ; which was read twice bv
its title. J
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent, ol the Senate to put the joint resolution
on its passage.
Mr. lOMEROI. I hope that resolution
will be passed at once. It is simply extending
the agricultural college law to these States as
last as they are reconstructed. The Commit-
tee on labile Lands have examined it.
■ j. . v can pass without disturb-
nig the unhmshed business I shall not object.
Mr. 10AILK01. I presume it will pass
without any debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the \vhole, proceeded to con-
s der the joint resolution. The preamble re-
cites that under the provisions of an act of
