1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3423
gress will resume consideration of the tariff
bill which failed in the House of Representa-
tives March, 1867, for want, of time, and enact
it into a law at the earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of J. II. Tingley and 41
others, carpet manufacturers, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, complaining of the depression
of industry and praying for such increase of
protective duties as will revive manufactures
and restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of workers in Inquirer
Paper Mills, and machinists of Philadelphia,
complaining of the depression of industry and
praying for additional protective duties.
Also, a memorial of William Sellers & Co.,
and others, machinists, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, complaining of the inadequacy of
customs duties to protect the industry of the
country against the cheaper labor and capital
of foreign countries, and praying for the recon-
sideration and passage of the general tariff bill
which failed in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Also, a memorial of Richard Norris& Sons,
locomotive builders, and others, manufacturers
and working men of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, representing that the productive interests
of the country are suffering and its industry
paralyzed for want ofsufficient protection against
the cheaper labor and capital of foreign coun-
tries, &c., and praying that Congress will
resume consideration of the tariff bill which
failed in the House of Representatives March,
1867, and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition ofP. Beeler
and 5 others, tobaconists, of St. Mary's, Ohio,
relative to tax on tobacco.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of William Blair, of Ohio, a soldier of
the war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Charles
I). Welsh, Charles M. Goaters, Charles H.
Cragin, Riley A. Shinn, and Charles T. Peck,
a committee on behalf of the city of George-
town, asking authority by act of Congress for
■-aid city to subscribe the sum of $300,000 to
build a railroad for said city to connect the
Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire railroad,
and to levy a tax for that purpose.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 24, 1868.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petition's and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution adopted at a meeting of the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Union of Washington city, in favor
of the passage of the bill making eight hours a
legal day's work ; which was ordered to lie ou
the table.
He also presented a letter in the nature of a
memorial from S. N. Goodall, in favor of put-
ting the Indian department under the control
of the Freedmen's Bureau ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Cap-
tain James Kelly, asking pay as captain in the
United States Army from July 1, 1861, to Sep-
tember 16, 1867 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that pen-
sions be granted to the soldiers and sailors
and the widows of soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PERRY. I present a petition from the
president and faculty of Yale College, stating
that they have learned with regret that the !
Legislature of California has recently passed |
an act conveying away to certain individuals j
a large tract of the most interesting portion I
of the Yosemite valley. They believe that j
the statute of California is in violation of the i
plighted faith of that State in accepting this j
grant from the United States, and they earn- j
estly and respectfully protest against the lati- !
fication and confirmation by Congress of any
conveyance of any part of the Yosemite valley
in the State of California to individuals. As
similar papers are before the Committee on
Private Land Claims, I move the reference of
the petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of citizens
of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers and
sailors and the widows of soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the memorial of sun-
dry citizens, merchants and manufacturers and
business men of Wheeling, West Virginia, in ref-
erence to the bridging of the Ohio river. The
memorialists state that while they do not object
to the building of bridges across this important
navigable thoroughfare, they pray that they may
be built in such manner as will not obstruct
the navigation. Congress having assumed this
stream to be what it is, a national highway,
they claim that the erection of piers in the
river, with spaces of not more than three hun-
dred feet between them, is an unnecessary ob-
struction, and they pray that it may be impera-
tive upon all parties building bridges across
the Ohio river to construct them so that there
shall not be less than five hundred feet clear
water way. They earnestly pray that Congress
will take that matter into consideration. I
believe such memorials go to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads ; I move the
reference of this to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Susana Gray, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed byUnited States troops in Alex-
andria county, Virginia; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I pre-
sent the petition of Rehuna Brown, a resident
of the county of McMinn, State of Tennessee,
widow of Henry Brown, deceased, late a pri-
vate in company K, tenth regiment Tennessee
cavalry, praying Congress to grant her a pen-
sion to begin about the 1st of January, A. D.
1864, the date of her husband's death in the
military prison at Richmond, Virginia, of small-
pox, contracted while in the service of the
United States as a soldier. I move this, peti-
tion, withtheaccompanyingpapers, be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present a communi-
cation addressed to myself from Judge-J. Mor-
rison, one of the most eminent lawyers of the
State of Indiana, together with an abstract of
the case and a full record of the cause relative
to the confiscation in the United States district
court in the State of Indiana of $109,000 of
bonds of the State of Indiana, confiscated upon
the ground that Mr. Samuel Miller, the owner
of them, a citizen of the State of Virginia, was
engaged in the rebellion. The record shows
that the cause was heard, and the confiscation
had and the bonds sold; that afterward, and
after the close of the war, Mr. Miller having
an opportunity to go to the State of Indiana
and be heard, the canse was reviewed before
the judges of the district court and circuit
court of the United States. The cause was
reviewed and full evidence heard, and it was
established that there was no ground for the
conliscation, and upon that rehearing the
moiety, being about forty thousand dollars,
which woi ldhave gone to the informer, was by
the court decreed to go to Mr. Miller upon the
ground that the decree ought not to stand. The
moiety going to the Government of the United
States having been paid into the Treasury by the
clerk in the mean time, was beyond the control
of the court, but as the court has now set aside
the decree so far as it had the power to do so,
Mr. Miller appeals to Congress to grant him a
return of his money. I ask the attention of
the Committee on Claims to the subject, to
which qommittee I move its reference.
The r RESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so refened.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is suggested by the
Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Wiiaet]
that that ought to go to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I am not s:ire but that it ought to
go there, and I will make that motion at his sug-
gestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The refer-
ence will be so changed, no objection" being
made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the memorial
of the committee of the Ladies' Mount Ver-
non Association of the Union. They state
that several years ago, during the war, they
took possession of the property, made it their
own; have endeavored to preserve it upon
considerations which will suggest themselves
to every man who recollects that it is the rest-
ing-place of Washington ; that their funds are
now exhausted; that the revenue they derived
at the commencement of their trust was from
the passage money that was received from a
boat which was used for the purpose of car-
rying persons to that sacred place; that that
boat was taken possession of by t.he Govern-
ment during the war, so that that source of
revenue was of course lost to them; that
they are now without funds; that the extent
of the loss consequent upon the Govern-
ment's taking possession of the boat is about
nine thousand dollars, and they pray Congress
to allow them that amount. I move the refer-
ence of the memorial to the Committee on
Claims, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 present the petition of
J. W. L. Barnes, chairman of the Working-
men's State central committee of Massachu-
setts, setting forth at length what is regarded
as a misappropriation of public lands, and
especially protesting against the recent treaty
with the Osage Indians. 1 had at first pio-
posed to present this petition in executive
session, but considering that this subject has
already been called to the attention of the Sen-
ate in legislative session, and that the petition
relates not only to the treaty with the Osage
Indians but also to the general subject of pub
liclands, I present it in oppn session, and move
its reference to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have sev.eral
remonstrances of a similar character which I
was holding for an executive session ; but inas-
much as the subject has been brought up in open
session, I present the petition of Abraham Ross
and one hundred and ten others,citizens residing
on the Osage reserve, praying that the pending
treaty may be rejected; also a protest of Hon.
N. B. Blanton and others, of the same pur-
port ; also a protest of Alexander Ryett. These
memorials all protest against the ratification
of the pending Osage' treaty. I move that
they be refeired to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I had a large number of
petitions of similar character, and had them
referred in executive session. I do not know
that there is any importance in it, but petitions
of the same character sent to me I had referred
to the committee in executive session.
reports of committees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 402) for the removal
of causes in certain cases from the State courts
to the United States courts, toreportit with an
amendment.
I am also instructed by the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 275) to
amend an act entitled "An act further to pn>-
vide for the collection of duties on imports,''
approved March 2, 1833, to report the same
adversely, it having been provided for in the
bill I have just now reported ; and 1 move that
this last bill be indefinitely postponed, so as to
get it oft' the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Ap-
