4448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
his forces and that the rebellion was really at
an end in this part of the country. He knew,
therefore, that the chiefs of the rebellion would
be endeavoring to make their escape out of
the country, and it was his duty as a good
officer, and nobody doubts that he is a good
and gallant officer, to use every means in his
power to anticipate the flight of the rebel chiefs,
who were making their way, as was supposed,
across the country toward the Mississippi
river. It was a moment when ordinary pru-
dence, mere ordinary care would have sug-
gested to the mind of every military officer that
every avenue of escape should bo watched and
guarded, in order that the chiefs of the rebel-
lion might be arrested and made prisoners
before escaping from the country. 1 say that
on the part of General Wilson there was no
extraordinary effort at all. He simply did his
duty ; and the question now before the Senate
is whether we will reward a military officer
holding the commission of major general, and
receiving the liberal pay which we gave to our
major generals, with a portion of this douceur,
which was intended by the President of the
United States to be given to the person who-
ever he might be or the persons whoever they
might be who actually made the arrest.
Now, sir, General Wilson, in the statement
which he makes, dated at Davenport, Iowa,
January 17, 1SG7, states his position very
plainly and clearly. He says :
"The situation of my command was peculiar.
Originally organized as si corps under General Slier-
mail, the commanding general ot' tho military divis-
ion ot the Mississippi, and not having been tians-
ferrcd, it still formed a legitimate part of liis com-
mand wherever he might be. General Sherman wilh
the main body of his army was at that time in Noith
Carolina, moving northward. Before leavingNoi 111
Carolina lie had instructed mc to report with my
entire corps, except Kilpatrick's division, to Major
General George M. Thomas, to assist in the opera-
tions against Hood. It was tlie intention of General
Sherman, however, as developed in frequentconvcr-
sations with me while lying at Galesvillo. Alabama,
in October, 1804, that as soon as Hood could be dis-
posed of and my command could bo reorganized and
remounted I should gather together every man and
horse that could be made tit lor service and march
through tho richer pails of Alabama and Georgia,
for the purpose of destioying the railroad communi-
cations and supplies of the lebcls, and bringing my
command into tho theater of operations towaid
which all our great armies were moving.
"In the campaign terminating at Macon I had act-
ually moved under the direct instructions ot Gen oral
Thomas, but with tho 'amplest latitude of nn inde-
pendent commander,' transmitted through him lrom
General Grant in person. 1 found myself cut olf
lrom all communication with these generals, but
liable to receive ordois from either or all of thorn,
and from the Secretary of War in addition. My first
duty was clearly to take care of the public interests
and to leeoncile orders afterward, should they come
in conflicting terms from different directions.
" In anticipation of a filial break up of the rebel
forces, I had already dcteimincd to keep a thaip
lookout for Davis and tho leading rebel authentic*.
Assoon as I became satisfied, by reliable instruct ions
from General Sherman, that ho had actually con-
cluded ail aimistico, and intended it to apply to ray
command, I felt bound to observe it, but only upon
the condition that therebelsshould also comply wilh
its provisions in equal good faith. One of those pio-
visions was that neither party should make any
changes in the station of troops during the continu-
ance of tho armistice. My command while remain-
ing in camp was therefore kept on the alert, and
ready to move in any direction. Having heard from
citizens, however, that Davis was making his way
toward the South with an escort, Xdireetedmycom-
mand to take possession of the railroads, and tosend
scouts in all directions in order that I might receive
timclynotiee of the rebel movements. Tho armistice
was declared null and void by tho President, but at
least one day beforo I had been advised of this
through General Thomas and General Gilhnore, I
received fro m General Stierinan a cypher dispatch in-
forming me of the formal termination of hostilities
by the surrender of General Johnston and all the
forces under his command east of the Chattahoochee.
This was on the 27th day of April."
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
let us vote on this. This ia the last day of the
session.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a few more
words to say. I cannot permit this subject to
pass by without stating the just claims of the
fourth Michigan cavalry, and without bringing,
so far as is reasonable, into clear contrast tho
position taken by General Wilson. He was
simply acting in the line of his duty under in-
structions from General Sherman and General
Grant. It was his duty to guard every pas-
sage, every avenue of escape, and he did so
with most commendable vigilance and activity,
I agree ; but the question for the Senate is
whether General Wilson, holding that, high
position and charged with those high responsi-
bilities, as a soldier, has not been sufficiently
rewarded by the reputation which he has gained,
the glory which he has achieved, and which will
forever brighten his brow, whether he has not
gained enough in this way to satisfy his claims
upon the Government. 1 insist that by making
himself a claimant and coming in I'or a small
pittance of this reward which was offered to
the real captors of J elf. Davis he is not pur-
suing precisely the course which a high sense
of delicacy would dictate to a high officer
of the Army. I prefer, therefore, that the
bill should pass as it was reported from the
Committee on Claims of the Senate, and that
tho §3,000 which the House has given to Gen-
eral Wilson should be given, §1,000 to Colonel
Pritchard, $1,000 to Colonel Ilarnden, of the
first Wisconsin, and $1,000 to Captain Yeo-
man, of the Ohio volunteers, .in reward for
their especial activity, vigilance, fatigues, and
labors in about the arrest of Davis ; and I sub-
mit to the Senate that this is doing nothing
more than simple justice to those gallant offi-
cers.
Mr. President, if I have consumed the time
of the Senate on this question, I hope they
will pardon me. It will occur to every Sen-
ator that the officers and men of the fourth
Michigan cavalry have some sensibility about
this, and I think their feelings ought not to be
trifled with, and 1 think this $3,000 ought to
be distributed to their commander, the com-
mander of the first Wisconsin cavalry, and also
to Captain Yeoman, of Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 desire to take up House
bill No. 1-146 from the table. I wish to offer
an amendment to it, and then put it upon its
passage. It will take but a moment. It is the
bill to remove political disabilities from Miohacl
Halin and other citizens.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (II. II. No. 144(5) to
relieve from legal and political disabilities
Simeon Corley, John Milledge, and Michael
Ilahn, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Buokalew, to insert after
"Louisiana," in the sixth line, "and John
Young Brown, of Kentucky."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "Louisiana," in
the sixth line, the following:
James Rnssey, of Morehouse parish, Louisiana;
William C.Carr, ot Union parish, Louisiana; John
L. Bairctt. of Union parish, Louisiana; Richard 11.
Cuney, ot East Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Robert liay,
of New Orleans, Louisiana; Andrew T. Stone, ot
Iloeky Comfort, Arkansas; Riley L. Archer, of Ark-
ansas; James A. Hicks, ot Aikansas; ltulus L.
Aichcr, of Arkansas; Z. C. ltoss, ol Arkansas; George
AV. Christy, of New Orleans. Louisiana, and W. L.
Itichardson, Union county, Arkansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "A bill
to relieve from legal and political disabilities
certain persons engaged in the late rebellion."
Subsequently,
Mr. STEWART said: I desire to move a
reconsideration of House bill No. 1446, the
bill removing political disabilities. I was not
aware thatanamendmenthad been madeinsert-
ing the name of John Young Brown. That will
undoubtedly create trouble in the House and
may defeat the bill. I therefore move a recon- j
sideration with a view of leaving out that name, j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may i
be done by unanimous consent without a
reconsideration.
Mr. STEWART. Then I ask that by com-
mon consent that name be left out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to that course? No objection
being made it will be so ordered.
STATIOJ BUT FOB INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move to take up Senate joint resolution No.
17o. It is very important that it should pass,
and it will lead to no discussion.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 175) relative to the recent
contract for stationery for the Department of
the Interior was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary ol the Interior to annul
and cancel the contract made by him with
Messrs. Dempsey & O'Toolefor supplying the
Department of the Interior and the several
bureaus and offices thereof with stationery tor
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S69, (under
the advertisement issued May '2o. 1808,) and
to enter into a contract for the articles men-
tioned in the advertisement with Blanchard &
Mohun, the latter being the lowest and best
bidder therefor.
The joint lesolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to take
up House bill No. 1021, the bill to which I
referred this morning. It will take but a
minute.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 1021) in amend-
ment of an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1807.
It provides that the provisions of the second
clause of the thirty-third section of the bank-
rupt act shall not apply to the cases of pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy commenced prior to
the 1st of January, 1809, and it extends the
time daring which the operation of the pro-
visions of the clause is postponed until the 1st
of January, 1809. And it proposes to amend
the clause so as to read as follows :
In all proceedings in bankruptcy commenced after
tho 1st day o£ January, iso'j, no di-charge shall be
granted to a debtor whose assets shall not be equal
to fifty per cent, of the claims proved against his
estate upon which he shall be liable as the principal
debtor, un'e^s the assent, in writing of a majoiity m
number and value of his creditors to whom he shall
have become liable as principal debtor, and who
shall have proved their claims, be filed in the case
at or before the time of the hearing of the applica-
tion for discharge.
The bill proposes further to amend the act
as follows: the phrase "presented or de-
fended" in the fourteenth section of the act is
to read " prosecuted or defended ;" the phrase
"non-resident debtors," in line five, section
twenty-two, of the act as printed in the Stat-
utes-at-Large, is to read " non-resident cred-
itors;" the woid "or," in the next to the last
line of the thirty-ninth section of the act, is to
read "and;" the phrase "section thirteen,"
in the forty-second section of the act, is to read
"section eleven ;" the phrase " or spendsanv
part thereof in gaming," in the forty-fourth
section of the act, is to road " or shall spend
any part thereof in gaming;" and the words
with the senior register, or" and the ohrase
to he delivered to the register," in the* tortv-
seventh section ot the act, are to be stricken out.
Registers in bankruptcy are to have power to
administer oaths in all cases and in relation
to all matters in which oaths mav be adminis-
tered by commissioners of the circuit courts
of the United States, and such commissioners
may take proof of debts in bankruptcy in all
cases, subject to the revision of such rn-ooi's by
the register and by the court according to the
provisions of the act.
When this bill was first
agitated there were remonstrances sent to the
