2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May S,
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the ref-
erences just made; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
felix a. salter, etc.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, re-
ported back House bill No. 653, for the relief
of Felix A. Salter, and joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota relating to the New
Ulm mill, and moved that they be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
sale 01? ir0n-clads.
Mr. VAN WYCIv, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on .Retrenchment, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas the iron-elads Oneota andCatawba were
sold by tho Navy Department to Swift & Co. April
2,18158; and whereas there is reason to believe said
vessels were obtained by said Switt & Co. with tho
design to disposeof and deliver tho same to tho Gov-
ern ment of Peru, then and now in a state of warwith
a Power friendly to thi- Government: Therefore,
ttezolvcd, That the President of the United States
bo requested to forthwith order the seizure and
detention of said vessels until the matter can bo in-
vestigated by Congress.
Mr. VAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which tho resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction' deficiency bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1045) making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in appropriations for the
execution of the reconstruction laws in the
third military district for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1868; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
documents, ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to make it a special order ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Unless it is made a
special order it allows unlimited debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it then
be made a special order.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order for Monday
next after the morning hour, and from day to
day until disposed of.
benevolent institutions ix the district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to submitthe views of the minority of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on two bills, namely,
House bills Nos. 541 and 859, in relation to
appropriations for benevolent institutions for
the District of Columbia, for the purpose of
having the views printed. I desire to state
that, before handing them to the Clerk to have
them printed there are some blanks which I
want to fill up.
No objection being made, the views of the
minority were ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPALDING. I give juotice that on
Monday morning next, after the morning hour,
I will move to go into the Committee of" the
Whole on those bills.
iihuben dail1sy.
Mr. STOKES. I ask consent to report back
from the Committee of Claims the petition of
Reuben Dailey, of Memphis, Tennessee, and
ask that tho committee maybe discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and
that it, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to the
change of reference.
Mr. STOKES. If the gentleman will allow
me I think I can satisfy him that it is proper
to have the petition referred to tho Judiciary
CommiUec. It is a petition for compensation
for services rendered as Attorney General of
the United States court. It is a very little
m fitter,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is nothing but a
claim against the Government, and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have nothing to do
with it properly. It belongs to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is manifest, on exam-
ination of the paper, that it should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I still object.
The question was taken on referring the
petition to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the petition was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN II. IIAYES.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
ho instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
lieving Lieutenant John II. Hayes, of company I,
eleventh Illinois cavalry, for the loss of one year's
pay in the Union Army, and that they report to this
House thereon.
american commerce.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask unanimous consent
to make a brief statement by way of explana-
tion and correction of the remarks by the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] yesterday.
The SPEAKER. Not persoual?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; a correction of
some statements concerning the city of Balti-
more and its commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Howlong?
Mr. PHELPS. Ten minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is this a personal
explanation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it
is not.
No objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS. In the course of his speech
on the joint resolution before the House yes-
terday directing the sending of vessels of war
to the Gulf of St. Lawrence for the purpose
of protecting the New England fishermen in
those waters, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pigs] made the following remarks :
" "Wo have not onlygivcn up producingsteamships
in this country, but we hail with joy the enterprise
of a foreigner if he will hut. introduce a steamship
line anywhere upon this coast. The large city of
Baltimore, with two hundred and fifty thousand in-
habitants, celebrated iu former days for its tonnage,
producing that remarkable specimen of naval archi-
tecture formerly known as tho Baltiinoroclipper.has
to-day not only giv en up its efforts at toioign com-
merce, but celebrated a gala day a short time since,
the day on which a Clyde steamer arrived in tho
harbor, as a precursor of aline established thero to
do tho business of import.ifts and exporting such
goods as Baltimore might desire tp buy or to send
abioad. The citizens turned out in the street and
welcomed the first arrival of steamers that Unenter-
prising Liverpool firm had concluded to send to that
imbecile port. They were as glad as Hong Kong
might be at tho arrival ot tlio Pacific mail steamers
first ship! That is the condition to which the great
city'of Baltimore is reduced to-dav: and it is but a
specimen of the position of the other cities of this
continent. From the port of New York there sails
on an average one sea-going steamship every day,
built in Europe, and no onoof them flies at her mast-
head the stars and stripes as her national emblem.
The best of oui Ameiiean line, the Pulton and the
Ara.go, were sold at, auction tho other day in New
York, to be hustled off and broken up as old iron.
In tho place of those vessels we have iiom foreign
ship-yards magnificent specimens of naval architec-
ture sailing every day into and outof theportof New
York, plying between tint city and Liverpool,
Queenstown, Southampton, Havre, and other Euro-
pean ports, every one of them under a foreign flag;
and when any of our gentlemen tourists go abroad
for pleasure, as many thousanckof them do annually,
they go under the foreign flag, oi course l'J
I regret that I was not in my seat when these
remarks fell from the gentleman from Maine.
Had I been I should have requested permis-
sion to correct him on the spot, inasmuch as
they contain several statements which, no
doubt inadvertently, the gentleman has made
in contravention of the facts.
In the first plaee_, the population of Balti-
more, instead of being two hundred and fifty
thousand, as the gentleman has stated, is esti-
mated by those, most familiar with the sub-
ject; and the best judges, to be over three hun-
dred thousand. Instead of the steamer which,
is spoken of here as being the cause of all this
demonstration, being a Clyde steamer, owned
by a Liverpool firm, it was a steamer belonging
to a line established by the joint enterprise and
joint capital of the North German Lloyds and
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, a
corporation organized under the laws of the
State of Maryland, and the most of whose
capital is owned in that State, i he Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company has contributed
one half to the capital of this line of steamers,
the balance being contributed by the North
German Lloyds. They have already two first-
class steamers of over two thousand tons burden
plying between the ports of Bfemen and Bal-
timore. and the* occasion to which the gentle-
man refers was the arrival at the city of Balti-
more of the pioneer steamer of that line. She
has since been followed by her consort, and
will be followed by two more vessels to be
placed on the line, making in all four.
The gentleman is incorrect in saying that
there is at this time no line of steamers plying
between this country and Europe supported by
American enterprise and capital. So far as
the remarks apply to the port of New York,
they are doubtless true. I am not aware that
there is a line of steamers flying the American
flag at their mastheads now afloat between the
port of New York and any port in Europe; I
am not aware that there is any such line afloat
between any port in the United States and any
European port except from this "imbecile port':
of Baltimore. We have there a line of steamers
plying regularly between the ports of Liverpool
and Baltimore, the capital of which is exclu-
sively owned in the State of Maryland by the
same corporation to whichlhavereferred. They
have three first-class steamers—the Worcester,
the Somerset, and the Carroll—running regu-
larly, and so far as. I know those are the only
steamers plying between this country and Eu-
rope belonging to a company organized under
American laws, and controlled by American
capital and floating at their mastheads the
American flag. And this line, dependent ex-
clusively upon Maryland enterprise for its sup-
port, has never asked nor received a dollar by
way of subsidy from the national Treasury.
Mr. PIKE. Where do those steamers run to?
Mr. PHELPS. To Liverpool.
Mr. PIKE. And thetwo you first referred to?
Mr. PHELPS. They run to Bremen.
Mr. PIKE. Are they American steamers or
foreign ?
Mr. PHELPS. The steamers were built in
tho Clyde, but. they are owned in Baltimore.
Mr. PIKE. That is the very point I was
making to this House, and I ask a few mo-
ments to reestablish the point in the minds of
the House. The large city of Baltimore, which
in 18(50 had two hundred and twelve thousand
inhabitants, and to-day 1 supposed had two
hundred and fifty thousand—I am glad to hear
it has three hundred thousand—has to send
across the Atlantic and have its steamers built
in the Clyde, because, under your laws, they
cannot be built in Baltimore. If those steam-
ers could have been built in Baltimore tho
enterprising merchants of that city would have
bui'lt them there. But they could not. They
were obliged to send their money across the
Atlantic and have the steamers built in the
Clyde and run under a foreign ilag. It is the
same in New York. I stated yesterday that
foreign merchants located in New York, own-
ing foreign vessels, were doing the importing
business of this country and the exporting
business ot this country, and doing it under a
foreign flay ; and that artisans in Great Britain,
the Millwall Company, the Lairds at Birken-
head 
Mr. PHELPS. I must decline to yield
further. I do not take issue with the gentle-
man's general line of remarks in regard to the
decay ot the ship-building interest of the coun-
try, which I Jeploie as much as he does. On
that question I agree with him entirely; but I
object to his illustration : I object to his singling
out the port of Baltimore to illustrate the de-
