3424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
propriations, to whom was referred the bill
(EL R. No. 1068) to provide for certain claims
against the Department of Agriculture, reported
it with amendments.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 365) constituting eight hours a day's
work for all laborers, workmen, and mechanics
employed by or on behalf of the Government
of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take up the bill at this
time. Is there anv objection ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I call for a vote on
my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not in order until the morning business is
through with.
Mr. CONNESS. If there be any more
morning business, of course I will give way.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 562) relating to the Freedmen's Bureau
and providing for its discontinuance; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. it. No.
818) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing_ June 30, 1869, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. ROSS submitted an amendmentintended
to be proposed to the bill (S. No. 256) relating
to the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company ; which was ordered to be printed.
i'aphes withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE it was—
Ordered, That Matthias Harris haveleaveto with-
draw his petition from the files of the Senate.
eig1it-uouk labor system.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, sir, I move to take
up for consideration House bill No. 865.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 365) constituting eight hours a day's
work for all laborers, workmen, and mechanics
employed by or on behalf of the Government
of the_ United States was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. I am drawing it up.
Mr. HARLAN. While the Senator is pre-
paring his amendment, I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 107) in relation to the Maqtio-
kita river, in the State of Towa, reported by
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
from the Committee oil the Judiciary. I am
sure no Senator will have any objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I presume the preparation
of the amendment will only occupy a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am now prepared to
offer it.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment is to
insert in line six, after the words "United
States," the following words :
And unless otherwise provided by law the rate of
wages paid by the United States shall be the current
rate for the same labor for the same time at the place
of employment.
T have no objection to this bill provided the
cost of labor is not increased to the United
States beyond that paid by private establish-
ments. That, I believe, is the law now.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the bill be read as it
is proposed to be amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
all laboiers, workmen, and mechamcsnow employed,
or who may be heieafter employed, by or on behalf
of the Government of the United States, and unless
otherwise provided by law the rate of wages paid by
the United States shall be the current rate for the
same labor for the same time at the place of em-
ployment r and that all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. The passage of the bill
with this amendmentwouldamountto nothing.
Practically, the loss to the Government by the
passage of the bill without the amendment will
be nothing. For six months in the year men
employed by the Government of the United
States do not labor more than eight hours now.
It would simply be a reduction of two hours'
labor during the warm season of the year, and
every man who labors knows very well, by ex-
perience, that he can perform as much labor
in eight hours as he can in ten, taking the
average of the season through. There can be
no doubt of that. He comes to his labor each
day with renewed vigor in consequence of the
lesser number of hours that he has spent in
delving at. his employment. As I have stated
on another occasion in the Senate, I know by
actual experience that when I worked at a
mechanical employment, and worked by the
piece, as it istermed, being paid for the amount
of work I did, I never was so well satisfied with
the amount of w6rk I did, nor the quality of it,
as when I worked about eight hours a day; and
that, I think, will be the experience of every
intelligent mechanic and working man.
I do not wish to extend discussion upon this
measure, unless it shall come from other quar-
ters ; but I hope this amendment will not be
adopted by the Senate. It is hut a very small
boon that the working men of America ask from
the Congress of the United States, namely:
that the example be set by the Government of
reducing the number of hours of labor. I
know that the passage of this bill cannot con-
trol in the labor ofthe country ; butthe example
to be set by the Government, by the passage
of this bill, is due to the laboring men of the
country, in my opinion. I know that labor in
the main, like every other commodity, must
depend upon the demand and supply. But,
sir, I for one will be glad, a -thousand times
glad, when the industry of the country shall
become accommodated to a reduced number
of hours in the performance of labor. After
forty or fifty years of such advance in the pro-
duction of the world's fabrics by the great
improvements that have been made by inven-
tions, and the application of steam as a power,
by which the capital of the world has been
aggregated and increased many fold, I think
it is time that the bones and muscles of the
country were promised a small percentage
of cessation and rest from labor as a conse-
quence of that great increase in the produc-
tive.industries of the country. I shall only be
astonished, Mr. President, if any Senator shall
rise in his place and oppose setting the exam-
ple by the passage of this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have
no objection to a law that fixes the number of
hours for a day's labor, because I do not
believe it will control the higher law of supply
and demand; and all that I seek by this amend-
ment is to announce the principle that privi-
leges should not be conferred on a man simply
because he works for the Government, i
believe in equal rights. I think a certain
amount of labor should command a certain
price and a fair price ; but I know of no reason
why because a man works for the Government
he should have higher pay for the same labor
than when he works for anybody else. That
is the principle of my amendment. I have no
doubt private individuals would reduce the rate
of wages if their employes worked a less num-
ber of hours, unless there was great demand
for that particular work, when the price of
wages would rise. If by law the number of
hours of daily labor was fixed at eight in all
the States ofthe Union, undoubtedly the price
of eight hours' work would be less than the
price of ten hours' work. All I desire is, if
the United States Government chooses to take
the lead in making eight hours a day's work,
that it shall not be compelled to pay for that
eight hours' work more than any private indi-
vidual would pay. To vote agaiust this amend-
ment would be to declare that a laborer for the
United States is a privileged character, is end-
tied to higher wages than he would be if he
worked for an individual. There is no justice
in this, no righteousness in it, and it seems to
me that any Senator who votes to pay more
for work done for the Government than would
be paid if the same work was done for an indi-
vidual votes to make a discrimination in favor
ofthe Government employes, which would be
unjust, improper, and unpopular. My own
impression is that our laws ought rather to be
framed to dissuade people from seeking em-
ployment under the Government, and certainly
no discrimination should be made in favor of
the employes in the Government dock-yards or
navy-yards that does not extend to private
ship-yards; and this effort to give privileges
and special privileges to those who are working
for the Government is wrong in itself, impol-
itic, and unjust. It will tend, of course, largely
to increase the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, because it will make Government em-
ployment desirable, and men will seek it.
There is no reason in the world why, with
this amendment, the bill should not pass, and
with the amendment I have no objection what-
ever to it. If only the same rule, the same
law which prevails in regard to private trans-
actions, is allowed to prevail in regard to the
Government, I have no objection to the bill,
for then the same amount of work done for the
United States will bear the same price as if
done for an individual, no more and no less.
I am for special privileges to none and equality
to all; no discrimination in favor of a man
because he works for the United States, and no
discrimination against him. If eight hours are
regarded as enough for a day's labor, be it so.
I have never seen the time since I arrived at
manhood when eight hours a day covered the
period of my labor, and I do not think that
most of those who are here have passed through
their lives on the eight-hour rule with any suc-
cess in life. A man to succeed in anything he
undertakes must generally work more than
eight hours a day. But still, if eight hours be
deemed a fair day's labor, let it be so; but
there is no reason why the United States should
pay more for that labor than any individual
would.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have
supported this measure because in very largo
numbers the working men of the United States
have petitioned Congress for it. The extent
of this law, the field of its operation, is not very
large. Of course it only reaches to those who
are employed by the Government of the United
States ; but, as is suggested hy the Senator
from California, it may be very valuable as an
example. Its influence on the private employ-
ments of the country may be beneficial to the
laboring_ classes. My opinion is that eight
hours of labor, faithfully applied, are quite
sufficient, and that the health of the laborer
and the general interests of society will be pro-
moted by this reform.
I do not think the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Ohio is necessarily con-
nected with this proposition. There may be
reasons why the wages of those employed by
the Government should not be regulated by
the wages paid by private employers in the par-
ticular locality, ^ Take the city of Washington,
for example. Private employment here is very
limited; enterprise is very limited; and if you
would say that the laborer for the Government
should have no more than the man who works
for a private citizen perhaps you would fix an
unfortunate standard. It may be so in other
localities ; and in other localities the employ^
of the Government may not have as uniform
and steady employment as those who work in
the shops of private individuals. Therefore it
may be proper that the wages should be differ-
ent. At any rate, it is not necessary as an
accompaniment of this bill, and therefore I
shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio, I am not in favor of it. I think it
virtually defeats the object of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course it does.
