342
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
to lay the resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts upon the table.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is not before
the Senate.
Mr. NELSON. Senators, will you allow me
to say one word?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I wish to
inquire whether the gentleman can proceed
except by unanimous consent.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. He cannot.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to any person
proceeding who has used the language in this
Chamber used by that gentleman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice,
perhaps, erred through inadvertence in respond-
ing to the Senator from Massachusetts. The
Senate undoubtedly can give leave to the
counsel to proceed if it sees fit; but if any
objection is made the question whether he have
leave or not must be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, after
what has occurred, a statement, having been
received from the Managers, I think it proper
that the counsel should have permission also to
make a statement in explanation ; and I move
that he have such leave.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are in favor 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Is that debatable V
The CHIEF JUSTICE signified that it was
not.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I wish to
understand the nature of the motion made by
the Senator from Illinois. Is it that the coun-
sel have leave to explain his language of yes-
terday, or that he have leave to introduce the
letter?
Mr. JOHNSON. No debate is in order.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is nol in reference to
letters. My motion is that he have leave to
make his explanation ; I do not know what it
is. Inasmuch as one of the Managers has
made an explanation, I think it due to the
counsel tli.it he be allowed to make an expla-
nation.
Mr. Manager BlTTLEli. J>o you mean to
have the letters read?
The CHIEF .1 USTICE. Senators, you who
agree that the (,<.Hinsel shall have leave to make
ati explanation to the Senate will say ay 5
contrary, no. [Putting the question."] The
ayes appear to have it. The ayes have it.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief,Justice and Sen-
ators, 1 hope you will allow me before 1 make
this explanation to say a single word in answer
to the lesoltilion offered bv the honorable Sen-
ator, [Mr. Sr.u.xuit,J not for the purpose of
censuring the Senator, but for the purpose of
saying to (he Senate that the remarks which 1
made in the Senate yesterday were, made under
the heat, of what I esteemed to be very great
provocation. I intended no offense to the
Senate in what ! said. If anything is to be
done with the gentleman's resolution I hope
the Senate will permit me, before disposing of
that, to defend myself against, this imputation,
and to show the leason why I indulged in the
renuuks I did. Butus the houoiable Manager
has signified a, willingness that this thing shall
end, I meet him in the same way. So far as 1
am cotieerni-d, I desire to say nothing mote of
a personal character whatever.
The letters' which I desire to read 
Mr. Matia";''1' BUTLER. 1 object that they
are not genuine nor proved.
Mr. NELSON. 1 read them merely as a
part of my explanation.
Mr. ManagerliUTLER. I do not think that
can be done.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is under the impression that the leave does not
extend to the reading of the letters. If he is
wrong the Senate will correct him. If any
Senator chooses to make a motion that leave
be given that will be put to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mv. Chief Justice, I rise to
a point of order. After the Senate has per-
mitted one of the counsel to make au explana-
tion, I make the question whether a Manager
has any right to interpose an objection. I
concede that a Senator may have such a right;
but I deny that a Manager has any such right
as that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
understood the motion of the Senator from
Illinois to be confined to an explanation of the
personal matter which arose yesterday, and
that it did not extend to the reading of the
letters which the counsel proposed to submit
to the Senate; but leave can be given if the
Senate sees fit,.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I beg leave
respectfully to object to the reading of the
letters which are proposed to be read by the
counsel.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order ; and 110 motion is at present before the
Senate.
Sir. HOWARD. I raise the objection until
after they have been presented to the Managers
for examination.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, T move
that the counsel he allowed to read so much
of the letter as will show to the Senate what
date it bears.
Mr. NELSON. That is all I want.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I call for
the regular order of the morning, the defense
of the President.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The regular order
is the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. IluxmucKS.]
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear the
motion stated. T did not understand it.
'The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Indiana will restate his motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The motion which I
made is that the attorney for the President be
allowed to read so much of the letter as will
show its date and the place at which it was
written.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON. The fiist letter fo which I
alluded is a letter hearing date March 0, 1808,
addressed by Bex.) am tx F. Bi.tleu to "Colonel
J. \V. Shall'er, Washington, District of Colum-
bia.''
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that purport to be
an original letter or a copy?
Mr. NELSON. I understand it to purport
to be an original letter. My understanding
is that this is the genuine signature of Benja-
min' F. Butler, and these are the genuine and
original signatures of John' A. Looax and J.
A. (iAiil'lUU). I am not acquainted with the
handwriting of the gentlemen, but only speak
from information. If the Senate would allow
me to read this letter, it is a very short one ;
I do not want to make any comment 011 it
except merely to explain the matter about the
dates.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have no objec-
tion if you allow me to reply to it.
Mr. HOWE. I must object.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to the reading of
the letter.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It cannot be read
under the order which has been made.
Mr. NELSON. 'The fact to which I desire
to call the attention of the Senate, and it is ne-
! ecssary for me to do so, is, that this letter iu the
caption bears date, as I have shown, on the 9th
! of March, 1808. It is signed hero "Ben.iamix
| F. Butler. '' Below the signature of Benja-
min F. Bctler are the words, " I concur in
the opinion above expressed by General But-
ler,'' signed " John A. Logan." Below that
are the words "And I," signed "J. A. Gar-
field." There is 110 other date in that letter
from beginning to end except the 9th of'Mareh,
1808.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the counsel permit
me to ask whether the handwriting in which
the date is written is the same apparently in
which the letter is ?
Mr. NELSON. The handwriting in which
the date is written is precisely the same hand-
writing as the address and body of the letter;
but the signature to the letter, as I take it, is
in a different handwriting from the body of the
On the lfith of March, 18G8, Mr. Channcey
F. Black addressed a letter to the President,
stating that he inclosed a copy of the letter to
which I have just adverted ; and in order that
the Senate may understand that, you will ob-
serve that the copy is, as I believe, identical
with the original letter which I have just
produced  
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The gentleman
will confine himself exclusively to the dates.
Mr. NELSON. Altogether to the dates;
but I cannot, if your Honor please, explain
this thing about the dates without this refer-
ence, as the Senate will see. I am not trying
to make an argument; I do not intend to vio-
late any rule of the Senate knowingly; and
your Honor will see in a moment that I am
not trying to make au argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President,, my
motion was that the attorney be allowed to
read so much of the letter as would show the
date. I think that is all that it is important
for the Senate to know in this personal ex-
planation, and I object to an explanation in
regard to the letter going further except so far
as it is in direct response to the points made
against him.
Mr. NELSON. If the honorable Senate
and the Chief Justice will allow nie to say a
word there, I cannot explain about the date of
this copy unless I tell you the difference be-
tween this paper and the other paper which I
have read. It is impossible for me to explain
the date otherwise. All I can say is that this
copy bears the same date as the original, and
has the additional signatures of Mr. Koontz,
J. K. Mooriiead, Tiiaddeus Stevens, J. G.
Blaine, and John A. Bingham ; and that there
is no other date to this letter except the date
in the caption of the letter. That is the only
explanation I can make. You will see that
the copy is precisely like the original down to
the words. " And I, J. A. Garfield." Then
come in this letter, which as to these names is
an original, the words "I concur. W. IT.
Koontz;" followed by the names "J. K.
Moouiiead,Tiiaddeus Stevens, J. G. Blaine,"
and "John A. Bingham;" and in fliat paper,
from beginning to end, there is no date but the
9th of March. That is the explanation I have
to make.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will please proceed with the
argument in defense.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the counsel pro-
ceeds I desire to submit an order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The Chief Clerk read the order, as follows:
That the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,-
slum herealter hold night sessions, commencing at
oicjlit o'clock p. in. to-day and continuing until eleven
o'clock p. in., until the arguments of the counsel for
the President and oftho Managers on the part of the
House ol Kepresentath es shall be concluded.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The present con-
sideration being objected to, the order will lie
upon the table.
Mr. Malinger BUTLER. Shall these papers,
Mr. Picsident, which have been read be placed
upon the records of the court now, so that we
can get at them? The originals I desire.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is unable to answer that question. He takes
it for granted that the counsel will submit
them to the honorable Managers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. 1 beg your pardon.
They were only submitted under in-sult.
Mr. NELSON. All Idesired to do was this :
the honorable gentleman asked me to submit
