1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3425
Mr. MORTON. It proposes to adjust the
rate of wages according t.o the length of time
during which labor is performed. Now, as the
eight-hour rule is not generally adopted in this
country, and only in a very few places, it will
require an immediate reduction of the rate of
wages at our national workshops and places
of employment to the amount paid for eight
hours, or, in other words, it will reduce the
amount of wages paid one fifth. The effect
of it would be to bring down the rate of wages,
because the time for labor is shortened that
much.
I intend to vote for this bill; and I will state
briefly my reason for so doing. I think it is
a good way to try the experiment which is now
being discussed throughout the United States,
and has been for some time. In the first place,
the fundamental proposition on which this pro-
posal is based is, that in regular mechanical
employments men will perform as much labor
in eight hours per day as they will in ton hours.
It is claimed that the rest, and the intellectual
vigor and freshness imparted to operatives,
will enable them to perform as much labor in
eight hours as in ten. That is an experiment
■which can be very well tested in the Govern-
ment workshops; for instance, in the navy-
yards and arsenals. If it shall turn out that
there will be substantially as much labor per-
formed in eight hours as in ten then the ques-
tion is decided in favor of the eight-hour sys-
tem, and it ought to be adopted, because the
country gets as much labor in the shorter time,
and therefore can afford to pay just the same
price for it. If the Government gets as much
labor performed in eight hours as in ten the
Government can afford to pay just the same
price.
But, Mr. President, there are two or three
other questions connected with this. If it
shall turn out upon experiment that there is
rot as much labor performed in eight hours as
in ten, that the amount of labor performed
falls off twenty per cent., then the next ques-
tion that comes up is this: can employers,
manufacturers, and other persons who employ
labor regularly afford to pay as much for labor
when twenty per ecnt. of that labor is with-
drawn as they can pay for it at this time ? Can
they afford to pay as much for eighty per cent,
as they can for a hundred per cent, and com-
pete with the world in our manufactures ?
Take the manufacturers and ship-builders, all
those who are carrying on extensive employ-
ments, or even the smaller employers, the
farming community, for example, can they
afford to pay as much for eight hours' labor as
they can for ten, and compete successfully
with foreign competition, and get along pros-
perously? If they cannot, the question is
decided against the eight-hour system, except
upon another hypothesis; and what is that?
That the laboring men can afford to lose
twenty per cent, of their wages on account of
laboring two hours less during the day. If
they can afford to take twenty per cent, off
their wages and have enough left to support
their families and live upon comfortably, to
educate their children and do as well as they
are doing no%v, then the question is settled in
favor of the eight-hour system.
These several questions are all connected
with each other, hut the first question, and one
the settlement of which will perhaps settle all
the rest, is this: whether it is true, as argued,
that as much labor will be performed in eight
hours as in ten if the eight-hoar system shall
become th£ regular system. Is there enough
gained to the operatives; is there additional
vigor imparted to them and additional indus-
try which will bring about the performance of
as much labor in eight hours as in ten ? If
that is determined affirmatively by the experi-
ment in the Government work-shops, it goes
very far to settle the whole question. But, sir,
it cannot be settled, and the experiment can-
not be made, if the wages in the very begin-
ning are reduced twenty per cent., which would
be the practical effect of the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, because, as I under-
4Qth Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 215.
stand his amendment, it proposes that the
wages shall be- reduced, as the hours are in
point of time, to those paid by private persons
in similar employment.
Mr. STEWART. TheamendmentoftheSen-
ator from Ohio certainly, on no theory, would
be right, and I think on a moment's reflection
the Senator himself will see that, because I
believe it is admitted on all hands that men
will do more work per hour if they work eight
hours than they will if they work ten hours a
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who admits it?
Mr. STEWART. If not admitted, I think
it is a self-evident proposition. I think it is
one of those axioms that require very little
demonstration. I say a man will do more per
hour who is only required to work eight hours
a day than will a man who is required to work
ten hours. The less number of hours a man
works the more he can do in the hours that he
does work. That, I believe, will be taken as
true. This being so, it would not be fair to
say that when we reduce the number of hours'
work from ten hours to eight hours per day
the wages shall be reduced pro rala. That
would be saying that an hour of the ten hours'
was as good asau liour of the eight hours. That
would not be fair, because the theory is that
men can do more per hour if they only work
eight hours than if they work ten, so that eight
hours' labor becomes equivalent to ten hours'
labor. Certainly, if a man only works a single
hour a day, he can do more in that hour, make
greater exertions, than if he had to work every
hour in the day. So to adjust the wages pro
rata according to the number of hours would
not be fair.
I do not agree with the Senator from Indiana
in saying that the only question involved in this
is the amount of labor. I think there are a
good many other questions.
Mr. MORTON. I did not intend to say
that. I ^ said that if the first question was
decided in the affirmative it would settle the
point that the eight-hour system should be
adopted. I said that if it turned out on experi-
ment that as much labor was performed in the
Government workshops in a day of eight hours
as there is now in ten that would settle the
question in favor of the eight-hour system.
Mr. STEWART. But the converse of that
proposition, I maintain, would not necessarily
be true, and I do not suppose the Senator
wished to be so understood. The system would
not necessarily be rejected if there was not as
much work done in the eight hours, because
there might be other good results flowing
from it.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. There might be greater
comfort given to the workingman ; there might
be an improvement in the condition of society;
and if there should be an approximate amount
of labor, something near the same amount as
now, the other good results might be sufficient
to justify the adoption of the reform.
I have no idea but that taking the term of
years through which men labor, an individual
will, in the course of his life, accomplish more
with eight hours a day than he will with ten
hours a dnr labor. I think he will live longer,
so that in the course of his natural life he will
do more work if ho works eight hours a day
regularly than he will if he works ten hours.
If you put the value of men on the amount of
labor they can do in the course of their natural
lives I think men will be more valuable who
work eight hours a day than if they work ten
hours a day. I think they will accomplish
more in the course of their natural lives; they
will not wear out so soon, and if there is any
object in prolonging human life and increasing
the aggregate of human happiness the argu-
ment would be in favor of this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator presents
this matter in view of the statistics of mortal-
ity, as to the effect of prolonged labor upon
human life, and struck as I am with that aspect
of the case, I feel a little alarmed for myself,
and for a good many others around me; ana
I beg to inquire of the Senator whether the
bill cannot be amended in some way to embrace
the members of the Senate, and put them on
an eight hour allowance, which I hope will
prolong their lives ; because if it is true, as
the Senator says, that ten hours labor tends to
abbreviate human existence, I should prepare
myself to bid farewell to almost all the gentle-
men I see around me.
Mr._ STEWART. I do not think that is
material, because, from the indications in the
Senator's State,^and others, there is a greater
supply of material for Senators than for labor,
and by working up gentlemen here we may
reduce the supply so as to correspond with the
demand. The supply of Senators far exceeds
the demand.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I know too
well the importance of time to spend more
than a moment in discussing this question. A
few weeks ago I had the honor to present to
the Senate a very long petition signed by the
mechanics and laboring men of California,
asking for the passage of some law of this sort.
It was got np by some twenty or thirty separate
laboring associations, and I believe that nopeo-
ple in the world are better able to judge of the
necessity or propriety of a measure of this kind
than the laboring classes within that State.
There are, indeed, comparatively but few of
the people of the world who perform manual
labor, not enough in proportion to the whole. I
have a great admiration for that king of Prussia
who requires each of his sons to learn some
trade, and to follow during his youth some me-
chanical pursuit. If all those who are able to
perform manual or mechanical labor were to
devote some small portion of their time to that
pursuit there would be no necessity for people
working more than two or three hours a day.
I suppose the operation of this bill will be to
bring all mechanical labor down to the eight-
hour system. I presume that is to be the result
of it if we pass it. I believe that eight hours'
labor in the mechanical pursuits, and in all
other branches of labor, is quite sufficient;
that the residue of the time not devoted to
sleep would well be devoted to the improve-
ment of the mind and social faculties; and all
American citizens should be enabled to devote
some portion of their time to the cultivation of
the intellect. Our Republic stands upon the
intelligence of the people; it has no other
foundation ; and unless the people are provided
by law with some protection against the re-
quirement which is now put upon them by the
exorbitant demands of capitalists, they will
not be so well prepared to perform the duties
of American citizenship. I am therefore very
anxious for the passage of this bill.
The fact is that in this age of machinery au
immense amount of labor is performed in a
very short time. I believe in Great Britain the
labor of one hundred and fifty or two hundred
millions is performed through the agency of
machinery, while the persons engaged in direct-
ing that machinery number but very few mil-
lions. We take advantage of these advances
that have been made in the invention and use
of machinery. At the present time, by the use
of machinery, the farmers of our country who
formerly devoted their winters to threshing out
their crops are able to perform that work in a
day or two, and the consequence is that their
sons are enabled to attend the public schools,
and thus to improve themselves the better to
perform the duties of citizenship. It seems to
me every argument is in favor of this bill. I
am decidedly in favor of its passage.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against the
amendment submitted by the Senator from
Ohio, for the reason that I wish to give the
eight-hour labor movement a fair trial. I think
the Government of the United States, employ-
ing a few hundred mechanics and laborers, can
afford to try this experiment, and I shall vote
to try the experiment. During the past few
years much has been said and written on the
