1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cline of the commerce of the country, when it
is in point of fact the only American city that
has a line of steamers owned in this country
plying to a European port.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman will allow me
a word further, I will say that I singled out the
port of Baltimore for this purpose, because the
enterprise of Baltimore was sufficient, under
favorable laws, to produce one of the finest
specimens of naval architecture that the naval
history of this country has ever known ; that
was the Baltimore clipper, known in former
days the world over, wherever the American
flag was known. And to-day, if you will but
allow it, the port of Baltimore, with its favor-
able situation as the entrepot of the whole
trade of that section of the country watered
by the Chesapeake and its inlets, would rival
New York, and New York and Baltimore to-
gether, instead of succumbing to Liverpool and
London in the great carrying trade of the world,
would build you a fleet of ships that would go
to Europe and do our carrying trade there;
would go to the West Indies and do our trade
there; go to Mexico, to South America, go
everywhere where there is salt water, and do the
carrying trade of the world. If you will but
permit the enterprise of Baltimore and New
York, and of my own State of Maine, to com-
pete with foreigners, we will do the carrying
trade of the world.
But, crushed down as they are to-day, labor-
ing under the disadvantages ' imposed upon
them, they cannot do it; and the imbecility
which now characterizes the foreign trade en-
prise of Baltimore characterizes also the cities
of Philadelphia and New York, and all our
efforts for the control of the seas. My remark
had no special reference to the city of Balti-
more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Phelps] has expired.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for five minutes more.
No objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS. After the explanation of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] his recog-
nition of the enterprise of the city of Balti-
more, and the appreciation he has shown of its
great natural advantages, which constitute it
the natural depot of the South—and I may
add of thegreat West and Northwest also—it is
haidly necessary for me to sayanythingfurther.
As for the term " imbecile," which the gen-
tleman is reported to have applied to the port
of Baltimore, I attached no particular signifi-
cance to it, for I rather supposed it must have
been a mistake of the reporters or a typograph-
ical error. How the gentleman, coming from
th  section he represents, and speaking in
behalf of the fishing interests, could stop to
challenge attention to the imbecility of any-
thing was more than T could understand. If
there is anything upon the Atlantic sea-board
that might properly be called "imbecile'' the
gentleman's fisheries, which have from time
immemorial clamored for and obtained Gov-
ernment bounties, and were only yesterday
asking through the gentleman from Maine him-
self, and receiving from the favor of this House,
the protection of a fleet of national armed
cruisers, might perhaps deserve that compli-
ment. [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. I hope the House will allow
me two minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. PilvE. I placed it on the ground of
imbecility; I applied that to all our foreign
commerce and to the men engaged in foreign
commerce ; for however vigorous a man may
be naturally he may have grown up to the full
Stature of a man, if you bind his arms and tie
his legs with withes so that he can neither
strike out nor walk, for all active purposes he
is an imbecile. That is the condition of the
merchants, of the ship-builders of Baltimore,
to-day. That, is the condition of the ship-
builders of Philadelphia, represented here by
my friend on my left, [Mr. Myers.] Ay, it
is the condition of the ship-builders of New
"Sork, where there is not to-day a single keel
40tii Cong. 2i> Sess.—No. 151.
laid in the ship-yards of Webb and others, for
they are bound hand and foot by your infamous
navigation laws.
admission of arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to make a statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was absent when the
vote was taken this afternoon on the Arkansas
bill. I ask leave to record my vote upon that
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
he has repeatedly stated heretofore, that un-
der the rules he cannot ask unanimous consent
for the purpose of allowing any gentleman to
record his vote. The object can be attained
only by a suspension of the rules when a mo-
tion for that purpose is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, t desire, then, to say that
if I had been here I should have voted against
the bill for the admission of Arkansas.
Mr. GETZ. I desire to say that I, too, was
absent from my seat when that vote was taken.
If I had been present I should have voted in
the negative.
order op business.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
to withdraw his motion to adjourn for the pur-
pose of enabling me to move to suspend the
rules that the House may resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole for debate only. My
colleague [Mr. Cook] desires to make a speech
to-day.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it understood that no
business shall be transacted after the House
goes into the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
be the understanding.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it proposed to make
speeches in favor of impeachment ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league, when he makes his speech, can answer
for himself as to what his subject is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to any speeches
iif this House on the subject of impeachment
while the question is pending in the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe I must insist on
my motion that the House adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 38, noes 54; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers ; and appointed Messrs. Holmajt and Per-
ham.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 4, noes 64.
The SPEAKER. On this question no quo-
rum lias voted. In the opinion of the Chair,
however, a quorum is in the Hall. The Chair
will state that when members refuse to obey
their own rules he can decide their conduct
out of order, but he is powerless to enforce
those rules. When members refuse to obey
the rules it is, as the Chair has heretofore
stated in rulings on other questions recently,
a matter for the House to determine, not for
himself.
Jlr. HOLMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] desires to
address the committee this afternoon because
he is about to leave the city ; and, if there is
no objection, I will withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. COOK. I will say that my speech is
not on the question of impeachment, but only
refers to it incidentally.
There being no objection, the motion to
adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the LTnion upon the President s
message.
The SPEAKER. It is the understanding
that no business will be transacted to-day after
the House has resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the President's annual
message, on which Mr. Cook was entitled to
the floor.
reconstruction.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
discuss the disagreement between Congress and
the President; to show how, after being elected
by the same party as the representatives
same political principles, they have c?
occupy positions so irreconcilable. The1
stitution provides that—
"The United States shall guaranty to overy ,
in this Union a republican term of government, anu,
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature or of the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
In this language is implied the proposition
that a State may be in this Union, and yet be
without a republican form of government. The
Union was made to be a perpetual Union,
and yet some States might lose their repub-
lican form of government either by having the
State government existing under the Consti-
tution of the United States utterly overthrown
or else perverted into some other form, and to
prevent this possibility it was provided that the
United States should guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form ofgovernment.
The word "guarantee" means to warrant, to
become responsible for, to undertake for an-
other that if that other does not do the thing
for which the guarantee is given the party
guarantying will himself do it. The evident
meaning of this clause of the Constitution is,
that if any State in this Union fails to maintain
a republican form of government the United
States will take such steps as may be neces-
sary to restore and maintain such republican
State government.
When the people of the southern States, to
secure and extend the great wrong and crime
of human slavery, deposed and overthrew the
State governments which had existed in those
States under the Constitution of the United
States, it bccame the duty of the United States
to execute the guarantee given in the Constitu-
tion, either by causing the State governments
which had been overthrown to be reestablished,
or by providing for the creation of new State
governments republican in form. In the ex-
ecution of this guarantee the national Gov-
ernment had the right to put down by force
the unconstitutional and usurping State gov-
ernments which had been set up in the rebel-
lious States. The national armies did not
enter the rebellious States " to protect them
against domestic violence upon the call of the
Legislatures or the executive of such States."
They went there to remove obstructions to the
maintenance of constitutional republican gov-
ernments within them. It is clear that when
the rebellion was suppressed it was impossible
to restore the constitutional governments that ■
had existed in those States before the rebel-
lion. Those governments had been so utterly
overthrown that they could not be restored or
reconstructed, because the men who held the
executive, legislative, and judicial power under
those States had themselves become traitors,
renounced their allegiance to the United States,
and sworn allegiance to the rebel confederacy,
and even if they had continued loyal -their
tenure of office would have expired before the
conclusion of the war. It is equally clear that
no legal governments had been set up in their
place. The governments in actual existence
at that time in those States were governments
in hostility to the Government of the United
States. Their officers were sworn to support
the constitution of the so-called Confederate
States, or, in other words, to overthrow the Con-
stitution of the United States, so far as they
should have power to do so. Such State gov-
ernments had no legal power to enact any law
