4450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. SHERMAN. Tiiere are others equally
pressing.
Mr. SUMNER. The little bill I have got
liere will take but a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every Senator has a bill
that lie wants passed. I insist upon my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHTING OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. HENDRICKS. "While the doors are
being closed, 1 move to take up the bill i'orthe
relief of Mrs. Hackleman.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that there is
a proposition here from the House in rela-
tion lo lighting the avenue. The House have
amended a Senate joint resolution on that sub-
ject, and I hope it will be acted on at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate take up the bill mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Indiana? Is there any objection ?
Mr. EESSENDKN. I object to taking up
any bill of any kind whatever.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not make the
objection with reference to the particular bill
of the Senator from Indiana, but to any busi-
ness except that which was executive business
according to the direction of the Senate.
Mr. IIAHDAN. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that Congress has refused to pay
for lighting the avenues this year, and the
House has amended an old Senate resolution
so as to authorize a tax to be levied on the
property to pay for the lighting. That ought
to be acted on at once.
Mr. EESSEMDEN. I cannot consent, be-
cause it would appear to be invidious toward
my friend from Indiana. My objection was
not to taking up his bill, but any bill.
Mr. HAHLA'N. I move, then, that the doors
be considered open for the purpose of consid-
ering the amendment of the House to Senate
joint resolution No. 57.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
ill-. HARLAN. I am sure Senators do not
want to leave this city in darkness.
Mr. I'ESSENDEN. The House chose to
leave it in darkness.
Mr. HARLAN. We may not choose to
agree with them.
Air. I'ESSENDEN. We have done so.
Mr. HARLAN. But they have sent us an
amendment to a Senate resolution on the sub-
ject.
Mr. EESSENDEN. They struck out of an
appropriation bill the appropriation for this
purpose. They have decided it.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me to be a
hardship if the United States will neither light
the streets in this city nor allow the people
to light them out of their own pockets.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. II. No. 57) relative to lighting the
streets of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all of the second section
of the amendment after the enacting clause
and inserting:
That tbc mayor nnrl eity councils of the city of
Washington ho, and they uro hereby, authorized to
eontrset with the Y/ashmgtou Uafe-Lig-ht Company
lor the teiiii oi' one year, and ko from ycjir to year
until otherwise provided by law, at  uch rates as
may Ih' agreed upon not exceeding the maximum now
fixed by law, lor all the illuminating gab required
lor the avenue and street lamps and public offices of
the city and public grounds under the control of said
city.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the House, as amended,
was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business.
The doors were closed, and after some time
spent iu executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
MESSAOH FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 1-1JV2) to repeal section one hundred
and thirty-six of the act of June 30, 18G4,
entitled "An act to provide ways and means
to support (he Government, and for other
purposes."
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 1073) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1869;
A bill (H. R. No. 1090) making an appro-
priation of money to carry into effect llic treaty
with Russia of March 30, 1807 ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1205) to further amend
the postal laws; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1275) relating to the
Alexandria canal.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in obedience
to law, the report of the board of naval officers
appointed to select suitable locations for pow-
der magazines; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
DILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KELLOGG- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 04(1) to guaranty the payment of certain
bonds to be issued under the authority of the
government of the State of Louisiana for the
purpose of building and repairing levees in said
State; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Einanee, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 177) to extend the provisions ot the
act of July -1, 1804, limiting the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims to lojal citizens of the
Stale of Louisiana ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judieiaiy, and ordered to be printed.
LKYEES ON THE LOWUIt MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HARRIS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
llcsohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instuu-ted to inquire into the expediency of taking
mett,suie& by the (jeneial (-ioveinment to rebuild the
levees upon t.he lower .Mississippi river which were
destroyed durirn,' the late war; and that the said com-
mittee have leave to report at the next session of
Congress by hill or otherwise.
HOUSE BILL KKTfEPJtED.
The bill (II. R. No. 14-52) to repeal section
one hundred and thirty-six of the act of Juno
30, 1S04, entitled " An act to piovide wajsaud
means to support the Go\ eminent, and for other
puiposes," was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL Of BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 25th
instant signed the following acts and joint reso-
lutions :
An act (S. No. 252) to create an additional
land district in the State of Minnesota :
An act (S. No. 285) lo incorporate the
National Life Insurance Company of the Uni-
ted States of America;
An act (S. No. 433) authorizing the trustees
of Union Chapel of the Methodist Episcopal
Church in the city of Washington to mortgage
their property for church purposes ;
An act (S. No. 481) to confirm tho title to
certain lands in tho State of Nebraska;
An act (S. No. 492) to extend the time for
the completion of the Southern Pacific railroad
in the State of California ;
An act (S. No. 50'.)) in addition to an act
passed March 26, 1804, entitled "An act in
addition to an act entitled ' An act, for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United
States;'"
An act (S. No. 543) to provide for a further
issue of temporary loan certificates for the pur-
pose of redeeming and retiring the remainder
of the outstanding compound-interest notes ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) granting
permission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badge of the corps in which they served during
the war; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to carry
into effect the resolution approved March 2,
1807, providing for the exchange of eertaiu
public documents.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. COllBETT, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 131) to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of Robert L. Stock-
ton, late Indian agent, reported adversely, and
moved the indefinite postponement of th« reso-
lution.
Mr. HOWARD, from the select joint Com-
mittee on Ordnance, to whom was referred
tho letter of the Secretary of War to the Pres-
ident of the Senate of the 21st of July, inclos-
ing a letter of the 20ih of July from Brevet
.Major General A. B. Djer, Chief of Ordnance,
submitted a report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(II. It. No. 3'Jti) for the relief of Samuel Tib-
betts, reported it without amendment.
EREEDJIEN'S BUREAU VETO.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Mooue, liis. Sec-
retary, announcing that he returned to the
Senate, in which House it originated, the bill
(S. No. 507) relating to the Ereedmen's Bu-
reau and providing for its discontinuance, with
his objections thereto in writing.
The veto message was read, as follows :
To tho Senate of the United States :
Believing that a bill entitled "An act relating to
tho Kreedmen's Ibueau and providing tor its discon-
tinuance" interieres with tho appointing power con-
ferred by the Constitution upon the Executive, and
loi other reasons which at this late period oi the ses-
sion tiiuo will not permit me to state, I herewith
retui n it to the Senate, in which House it originated,
without iny approval. A2sl)RE\V
Washington, D. 0., July ~5. lbo^.
Mr. BtfOKALEW. I really do not rccollcet
what that bill is; and I ask for the reading oi' it.
The bill was read as follows:
An act relating to the Freedmen's Bureau and pro-
viding lor its discontinuance.
Be it enacted by the Senate and llou^e of licpresent-
"twrsoj the GiiiU'd Status o) America i  ,n-
b/rd. That the duties and powers of CommisMunci of
the bureau lor tho relief of Freedmen and Refng.^
shall continue to be discharged by the present Com-
missioner oi the buieau, and in ease ol vacancy m
said oiln-e occurring by reason of his death or resig-
nation the barne shall be filled bv appointment oi' tile
President on the nomination of the decretal v ot War"
and with the advice and consent of the Senate • and
no otlieer or the Army shall bo de-tailed tor sen lee a-3
Commissioner or shall enter upon the duties ot Com-
missioner unless appointed by and Tmh the advice
and convent oi the Senate; and ail as^taiu commis-
sioners, agents, clerks, and assistant©, shall he ;<n-
Pointed by the beeretary ot War on the nomination
oi tho Commissionei oi tlie bureau. In ease of va-
cancy m tile oilice oi Commissioner happening d'irin"*
the l eoess ot the Senate tho duties oi Commissioner
{•hull be discharged by the acting assistant adjutant
general oi the bureau until such vacancy can be
mmt'ini-ln!;6 i'ifuHher enacted, That the Com-
mit-ionci of the bureau shall, 011 the -1st clay of
Januaiy next,cause the said bureau, to be withdiawu
actedIml h'-° m tet^es """thin which said bureau has
fhi 1 w t- 0 shall be discontinued. But
the educational department, of the said bureau and
d prs° 1,a5'!ncnt of moneys due the sol-
diuh, sailor, a 11 ci marines, or their heirs, shall bo
o?dererbyaetnoTco™?d ^ oth«w^
Ike PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the passage of the bill, notwithstand-
ing the objection of the President of the United
