2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which could rightfully bind any citizen of the
united (states; indeed, the very existence of
those governments was an act of treason, and
when the Constitution and laws of the United
States were restored those rebel State govern-
ments were of necessity destroyed, so that when
the war closed no State governments existed
in those States, and the clamor which has been
made that these rebel States have always been
states in the Union, and therefore were en-
titled to immediate representation in Congress
at the close of the war, if it means anything,
means this: that Senators in the United States
Senate might be selected from the State in
which there was no Legislature to elect them,
and members of the House of Representatives
be elected from a State in which there was no
\ -Legislature to establish representative districts
K qr to provide by law for the election of Repre-
sentatives.
The fact that there were no legal State gov-
ernments in those States at the close of the
war was admitted by every one at the North.
The President, in his proclamation in relation
to the State of North Carolina, declared that
the rebellion had, in its revolutionary progress,
deprived the people of thatState of all civil gov-
ernment. It was conceded by the entire South,
for no Governor, judge, or legislator claimed
the right to continue the exercise of the func-
tions of any office which he had exercised
under the so-called confederate government.
l.he exigency contemplated and provided for
in the Constitution had occurred. There were
States in this Union which had not a repub-
lican form of government. They had 110 legal
form of State government whatever. The
United States were solemnly bound by the Con-
stitution to guaranty to those States a repub-
lican form of government. The republican
governments existing before the war could uot
be restored, for the reasons already stated.
The Constitution then required that the United
States should provide for setting up anew re-
publican governments in the States which had
by their rebellion destroyed their constitutional
governments. The manner in which this con-
stitutional duty should be performed, and the
department of the national Government which
should carry out this constitutional obligation,
and in so doing should determine the manner
of doing it, have been the questions that have
divided the political parties of the country
since the final suppression of the rebellion.
It has been agreed among all parties that
the United States, when the rebellion was sup-
pressed, had the right tointeivenom the rebel-
lious States for the purpose of setting up re-
publican State governments in accord with
the national Government under the Constitu-
tion. The first point of controversy was
whether this should be done by the President
of his own motion, and in accordance with his
individual view of the manner in which itsliould
be done, or whether the exercise of this great
power should be under the control of the peo-
ple through their representatives, and on this
point the President chose to separate himself
from the political party by whom he was elected,
■ and to claim for himself the unqualified right
to determine finally the manner in which, and
the terms upon which, the governments of
those States should be reconstructed, which
included the power to determine what for all
time to come should be the condition of the
millions of persons made free by the proclama-
tion of emancipation, and what should be the
measure of protection afforded to them by the
Optional Government which they had aided in
preserving ; to determine what should be the
security provided for the Union men of the
South who had arrayed against themselves the
bitter hostility of those who had striven to over-
throw the national Government, and whose only
hope of protection was in the help of the Govern-
ment which they had periled all things to main-
tain ; to determine what measure of power in
the reconstructed State governments, and in the
Congress of the United States, should be placed
in the hands of those men who had violated
every obligation resting upon them to support
aud defend the Constitution and laws of the
nation, and who, by their causeless and wicked
rebellion, had brought upon the country the
terrible sacrifices aud the long agony of the
civil war.
These were grave questions. The future
welfare and prosperity of the whole country,
the national honor, the public faith were all
involved in the right solution of them. The
claim made by the President, of the right to
decide these questions himself and according
to his individual view of the justice and pro-
priety of the course to be adopted, was the
most monstrous claim of power ever put forth
by any man since the foundation of our Gov-
ernment. The measures adopted by the Pres-
ident to assert and enforce this claim of power
in himself have consequently been wholly
without precedent in its history. He did not
insist that the State governments then existing
in fact were clothed with any authority, as did
the Democratic party, but, 011 the 10th of
May, 1805, General Canby telegraphed to Gen-
eral Warren, in Mississippi, by direction of
the President:
"You will not recognize any officer of the confed-
erate or State soveimnent within the limits of jour
command ay authorized to cxorciso in any milliner
whatever thefunetionsof their late offices. You will
prevent by force, it necessary, any attempt ol' aiiy
of the Legislatures of the States in insurreetion to
assemble for legislative purposes, and will imprison
any member or other persons who may attempt to
exercise these iuneLionsin opposition to your orders."
I11 pursuance of this claim of power the
President called upon a certain portion of the
people of those States to elect delegates to
form new State constitutions; he declared who
should be entitled to vote and who should be
eligible to office ; he disfranchised one race
who had been loyal during the war solely on
account of their color; he permitted all pa-
roled soldiers of the rebel army and all rebel
officers under the rank of colonel and all sol-
diers and oflicers of the rebel navy under the
rank of lieutenant to vote in reconstructing the
State government provided they should take an
amnesty oath prescribed by himself alone.
A careful examination of the proclamation
of the President of May 29, 1805, for the in-
stitution of measures to" reconstruct the State
of North Carolina, and which was a model for
all the proclamations issued by him in refer-
ence to the other States, will disclose this fact
beyond all doubt or question : that in every
State in which the majority of the white male
citizens over twenty-one years of age had par-
ticipated in the rebellion the power of recon-
structing the State government would be left
in rebel hands, and when reconstructed the
power of the State in the national councils
would be left with the enemies of the Govern-
ment. It is also manifest the white Union
men of the southern States who risked so much
and suffered so much for their devution to the
country would be left, in the power of their
enemies, receiving 110 measure of protection
other than might be accorded to tliem by the
men who have been arrayed against them in
deadly hostility for years, and that the freed-
menwho had been emancipated by the nation,
and who had been 111 great numbers enrolled
in our armies, would be placed without protec-
tion or security in the power of the men who
had periled life and fortune in the effort to
perpetuate and extend the slavery of theirracc,
and who are now bitterly exasperated against
them on account of their emancipation by force
and their sympathy with the national cause.
It will not be contended by any one that the
United States could interpose in a State for
the protection of either Union men or freed-
men after the State government should have
been reorganized, and recognized as the right- i
ful government of the State. .No one will |!
assert that the General Government can intei -
vene to set aside the statutes of the State of I
Kew York or Illinois or the judgments of their '
courts, nor could such intervention pvoperlv
be made in the States of South Carolina or
Mississippi after they had resumed their rela-
tions to the Government o'the United States.
The Union Republican party of the country'
by whose Representatives the measures were
adopted and the forces set in motion by which
the rebellion was crushed and the national life
preserved, insisted that the claim of power thus
put forth by the President was usurpation, and
the principles of reconstruction adopted by him
were unwise, unjust, and, so far as the Uniou
men and freedmen of the South were con-
cerned, were a plain violation of national faith
and honor. They insisted that the guarantee of
the Constitution should be executed by law, to
be enacted by the people through their Repre-
sentatives, and in executing this guarantee the
measures of reconstruction should be such as
to secure to the freedmen the equal protection
of the laws ; that if the southern States
should deny to the freedmen the right of voting
or of participating in the Government, that
they should not be counted in determining the
number of Representatives in Congress to
which such States should be entitled; in other
words, that the rebel States should not have
greater power in the Government than they had
before the rebellion by reason thereof. Three
filths of the slaves had been counted in a
basis of representation ; all the freedmen must
now be counted; if, therefore, the freedmen
should have 110 other voice in the Government
than the slaves had, the white rebels would
have increased their numbers and power iu
Congress by their rebellion.
The Republican party also insisted that no
person who had taken an oath as a member of
Congress or as an officer of the United States
to support the Constitution of the United States,
and had engaged in the rebellion, should again
take his place in Congress to make laws for loyal
men, or should hold office under the United
States—in other words, that leading rebels *«ho
had violated an oath once solemnly taken
should not again be trusted with the safety of
the nation, it also insisted that before the
rebellious States should again be admitted to
an equal share in the Government that the
validity of the public debt and the debt for the
payment of the pensions and bounties of sol-
dieis should not be questioned. These things
were embodied in an amendment to the Con-
stitution known as the fourteenth article, upon
the adoption of which and the organization
of the new State governments in conformity
thereto it offered to receive into Congress the
Representatives of those Stales.
1 he leaders of the rebellion have been the
leaders of the Democratic party in the nation.
By their influence and power in the party they
have committed it to all those measures look-
ing to the extension and perpetuation of sla-
very which have alienated so many of the
northern members of the party as to seentre
the election of Mr. Lincoln. The defection
of so large a portion of the Democratic party
as that which went into rebellion, actively and
openly, left that party in a minority, and de-
prived them of the political power which they
had enjoyed so long, that it seemed almost an
inalienable right. As the readiest means of
securing a return to political power and party
ascendancy they looked to a reunion with their
lot mer allies, who had now become rebels, and
were willing to do anything to conciliate and
nothing to exasperate them. At first thev de-
nied the constitutional power to coerce Jebel
fc>tates; or, in _°ther words, they denied the
tmn l 1 r " States to guaranty constitu-
tional republican governments in those States,
this was the doctrine of Mr. Buchanan, the
last Democratic President, after the conflict of
aims actually began. They sought to earrv it
a wa>~ whlch should do as little damage to
the enemy as possible. Thev refused to give
refuge 1,1 our camps to the slaves of rebels,
but roturnea tliem to aid in the service of the
< <e ion. I hey refused to allow negroes to
ai ill the aurnes of the nation. They op-
pii'r ■ duu°uncei1 the proclamation of
emancipation, that great measure of justice
and policy which gave the final and decisive
c on to our arms; and when it was proposed
whirl,"m! l0T'VVhe that freedom
til<? "at]ol> kad given him by the adop-
