1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
tion of an amendment to the Constitution for-
ever prohibiting slavery the whole Democratic
party voted solidly against the proposition. It
was passed in the House of Representatives
by the following vote: ayes 119, (over a hun-
dred of whom were Republicans,) noes 56, (all
Democrats.)
In looking back over the history of the last
eight years we can now clearly see that if the
Democratic party had been in power when the
rebellion actually began it would not have been
put down by force and the nation would have
been divided. If that party had been in power
when the contest was at its highest, when day
by day hundreds of our bravest and best men
were giving their lives for the country, it
would have given up the contest and have al-
lowed the nation to have perished rather than
have overthrown the institution of slavery, for
the day when the emancipation proclamation
was issued was the day of extremest danger,
and when the constitutional amendment was
adopted in Congress it had become evident that
the rebellion could only be subdued by depriv-
ing it of the great element of its strength—the
unrequited labor of millions of slaves. After
the negroes had shown their fidelity and at-
tachment to the Union cause in innumerable
forms, after they had protected, aided, and fed
so many of our soldiers escaping from the hell
of a rebel military prison ; after we had enrolled
them in the national armies, and after they
had proven their manliness upon many well-
fought fields, where thousands of them laid
down their lives for the nation, the Demo-
cratic party would have surrendered them tip
once more to the tender mercies of their rebel
masters. Entertaining these sentiments, it is
not strange that the party should have rallied
to the support of the policy of the President.
It is true that his policy did not recognize the
rebel State governments existing at the close
of the rebellion as legal State governments as
they would have done, but it placed the power
in the hands of rebels and traitors to organize
new State governments by which the same great
end could be secured, namely, the reconstruc-
tion of the Democratic party at the South and
its reinstatement in place and power. The
President's policy did not actually return the
negroes to a condition of chattel slavery—the
constitutional amendment against which they
had struggled so earnestly prevented that; but
it placed them completely under the control
of their former masters, denying thein the civil
rightsof American citizens, and, what was more
desirable still, it would add an additional two
fifths to be counted as a basis upon which south-
ern Democrats could be sent to Congress in
greatly increased numbers. Thatpolicy did not
in terms repudiate the debt of the nation and the
payment of the bounties and pensions to sol-
diers and their families, but it did provide that
rebels should have a voice in the determination
of those questions greater in proportion to their
numbers than loyal men should have, because
they should not only represent the entire num-
ber of rebel whites, but should misrepresent
the millions of loyal blacks.
The ends they sought could be attained by
supporting the policy of the President, yet un-
tried, equally well as by their own, which had
been disastrously defeated, and so the Demo-
cratic party rallied with one accord to the
defense and support, of the President and his
policy. The nuptial rites between the two
were publicly solemnized at Philadelphia, where
the corporal's guard of apostate Republicans
who had abandoned their party and principles
for presidential favor and patronage affiliated
with the Democratic party, amid as much deco-
rous weeping and unmeaning congratulations
asare commonly found at the marriage cere-
monies of parties whose aim isto substitute show
for substance, and from this time the history of
(he conflict of parties is a record of theilepub-
lican Union party on one side and the President
and the Democratic party in alliance on the
other. The President has from that date been
engaged in removing from office the Repub-
licans who supported and elected him, and
filling their places with Democrats who derided
and denounced him, in many instances remov-
ing maimed and crippled soldiers from office
and replacing them with those who had no
claim but faithfulness to the Democratic party.
This policy of the President, which is in-
dorsed and supported by the Democratic party,
is, first, the assertion of the power of the Pres-
ident to determine individually and finally all
the grave questions embraced in the recon-
struction of State governments in the southern
States; to determine who should vote and who
should be disfranchised ; who should hold office
and who should be ineligible; whether the gov-
ernment, when reconstructed, was republican
in form; in short, to determine at his single
will the great questions which should shape the
destiny and control the condition of the inhab-
itants of those States for ages to come, and
that the law-making power of the nation must
be silent and powerless while he alone should
determine the future history of the nation.
Said the President in his proclamation of May
29, 1865:
" Whereas the fourth section of the fourth article
of the Constitution of the United States declares that
the United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union arepublican form of government; and whereas
the President of the United States is by the Consti-
tution made Commander-in-Chief of the Ariny and
Navy, as well as chief civil executive officcr of the
United States, and is bound by  oleinn oath faith-
fully to execute the office of Presidentof the United
States, and to take care that the lawsbe faithfully
executed; and whereas the rebellion in its revolu-
tionary progress deprived the State of North Caro-
lina of all civil government; and whereas itbecomcs
necessary and proper to carry out and enforce the
obligations of the United States to the people of
North Carolina in securing them in the enjoyment of
a republican form of government: now, therefore, in
obedience to the high and solemn duties imposed upon
me by the Constitution of the United States, &c."
The proclamation then goes on to give mi-
nute directions how a republican government
should be set up in North Carolina, and what
portion of the people should have a voice in
forming it. It will be seen that this claim of
Eower is in substance this : that the President
as the power by his own single will to carry
into effect any provision of the Constitution
which imposes a duty upon the Government
of the United States. He claims the right to
execute in his own way the clause requiring the
United States to guaranty to every State a re-
publican form of government; that for the
purpose of executing this guarantee he is the
United States. Let us compare this claim
with the Constitution itself. The powers of the
President are limited aud defined in that in-
strument. He is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. He may, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, make treaties, ap-
point public officers. He may appoint officers
to fill vacancies happening in the recess of the
Senate, who shall hold their offices until the
end of the next session of the Senate. He
shall from time to time give to the Congress
information of the state of the Union, and
recommend t.o their consideration such meas-
ures as he shall judge necessary and expedient;
he may on extraordinary occasions convene
Congress, and in case of the disagreement be-
tween the Houses as to the time of adjourn-
ment he may adjourn them to such time as
he shall think proper. He shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed, and^shall
commission all the officers of the United
States.
Now, under which of these powers vested
in the President by the Constitution does he
derive the right himself to carry into execution
that clause of the Constitution which requires
the United States to guaranty to every State
a republican form of government? Certainly
under none of them. He must therefore claim
that the President is under obligation to exe-
cute the Constitution as well as the laws; in
other words, that where the Constitution has
imposed a duty upon, or vested a power in, the
United States, or the Government of the United
States, that it becomes the duty of the Presi-
dent, either as " Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy" or as "chief civil executive
officer of the United States," (for he does not
tell us in his proclamations upon which of
these offices he rests the power,) to carry such
power into execution. This seems to me to be
a perfectly just and fair statement of the claim
of power put forth by the President in his
various proclamations for the establishment of
new State governments in the southern States,
and which power he has attempted t.o exercise
in defiance of the Constitution and law—a
power which, if it did exist as claimed by the
President, would give him the absolute irre-
sponsible power to mold and shape the insti-
tutions and destinies of those States for ages
to come. If he had the constitutional power
to require those States to adopt the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery, he had
the same constitutional right to require them
to refuse to adopt it. If he had the constitu-
tional right to require them to repudiate the
rebel debt, he had the constitutional right to
require them to pay it. If he had the right to
say that only those white voters who would take
his amnesty oath should vote, he had the same
right to determine that there should be impar-
tial suffrage in the election of delegates to form
new State constitutions.
But this whole claim of powers on the part
of the President is in defiance of the Consti-
tution and an usurpation of the powers of Con-
giess. What does the President say in his
proclamation is the foundation of the right to
intervene in the way he has done in recon-
structing thegovernments of these States? He
derives the power expressly from the clause
of the Constitution which requires the United
States to guaranty to each State a republican
form of government. That is a power notgiven
to the President, but to the United States, and
the Constitution provides, article one, section
eight, that, Congress—■
"Shall have power to make all laws which shall
be necessary and proper to carry into execution the
foregoing powers, and all other powers vested^ by
this Constitution in the Government of the United
States or in any department or officer thereof."
Language could not be used which would
more plainly and distinctly confer upon Con-
gress the right to make all laws necessary for
the due execution of the power of the ''United
States to guaranty to the States in rebellion
a republican form of government." The as-
sumption of this power by the President was
therefore an unqualified act of usurpation, a.nd
it was committed for the purpose of placing
the political power of the southern States, and
thereby of the whole nation, in the hands of
the Democratic party, and of carrying out the
statement made by him to Stanley Mathews,
who testified before the Reconstruction Com-
mittee as follows:
"I had an interview with Mr. Johnson in February,
1865, at the Barrett House, in Cincinnati, where he
was stopping, on his way to Washington, to be in-
augurated as Vice President. In it hesaid that very
great changes have taken place in Tennessee sinoo
I have been there; that many of those who at first
were the b.'st Union men had turned to be the worst
rebels, and many of those who were originally the
worst rebels were now the best Union men. I ex-
pressed surprise and l-egret at what he said in refer-
ence to the matter. Wo were pitting near each other
on the sofa. He then turned to me and said, ' You
! and X were old Democrats.' I said yes. He then
' said, 'I will tell you what it is; if this country is ever
to be saved it is to be done through the old Demo-
cratic party.' I made no reply."
When the Thirty-Ninth Congress met it was,
of course, unwilling to sustain the President
in an usurpation of power so gross and palpa-
ble and so dangerous in its tendencies; and
i although a very large majority of that body be-
I longed to the political party which elected the
acting President, yet it immediately appeared
that it would neither sustain the President ia
the monstrous assumption of power which ha
had made, nor approve of the plan of recon-
struction which he had adopted, which was, m
truth, only the reorganization of the State gov-
ernments in the hands of those who bad be..n the
armed enemies of the nation, and which State
governments had proved themselves either in-
competent or unwilling to afford secun y
protection to loyal men; and whose
workings were illustrated at Memphis a *
Orleans where men were slain m heaps foi no
