1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
reservation in the Union. Is that power to be
found in the guarantee clause also? The Con-
stitution gives Congress the power to admit
new Status. Does my colleague maintain that
the power is implied, or, in his own language,
'•plainly given," to expel old ones?
I'he Senator from Massachusetts should look
carefully to his laurels. He has given us "State
abdication," " State forfeiture," "State sui-
cide," " the lapsing of States into territories,"
and "negro suffrage under this guarantee
clause," as essential to a republican form of
government; but I think he has never yet,
with all his tendency to centralize power in
Congress, broached the idea that Congress in
time of peace has power to disfranchise States
once admitted as such to the equal rights and
dignity of the old thirteen. He may have said
that States which by insurrection have with
drawn their representation shall not be re-
stored to it until Congress should so deter-
mine, but never has he said that Congress,
under the power to admit new States, can dis-
franchise old ones.
Sir, what a vast power over the States is thus
claimed by my eollftague. What becomes of
the rights of the States or of the liberties of
the people under a doctrine which can expel
their representation at the will of a majority
of Congress? Majorities change. In times
of high political excitement majorities some-
times abuse their power.
Suppose a majority of Congress should be
of opinion that the radical doctrines of the
Senator from Massachusetts are as dangerous
to liberty and as much at war with the Consti-
tution as secession, and that the people of
Massachusetts are disloyal to the Constitution
because they send as a Senator here one who
is distinguished as their great teacher, ought
Congress to have the power to disfranchise
Massachusetts?
lti the assertion of this power my colleague,
I think, stands entirely alone. He is less sup-
ported than was the Senator from Massachu-
setts -three years ago when he claimed the
power under the guarantee clause to force negro
suffrage upon the States of the South as the
basis of republican State governments.
What progress two years more of radical
education may produce in the Senatel know
not. Should the majority then adopt it there
would be no greater progress than it has made
during the last three years.
Without discourtesy to Senators of the junior
class, (many of whom, it is due to them to say,
are quite well advanced,) who entered the
Senate since the Senator from Massachusetts
applied his first great lesson, I shall confine
myself to Senators of the older classes, and
mainly to the honorable Senator my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] I insist upon
calling him my friend, although a stranger
might suppose, from his tone and bearing
toward me the other day, he was really hostile.
I know it to be otherwise. It was only the
appearance of hostility into which he fell in
the excitement of debate.
I think I shall be able to satisfy the Senate,
however, that apt, diligent, and progressive as
theSenatorfrom Kansas and my colleague have
been, myfriendfrom Illinois [Mb. Trumbull] in
some respects, at least, has made greater pro-
gress in that education referred to by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Not many years ago he contended on the floor
of the Senate that the Creator had stamped an
indelible difference between the whiteand black
races, and that he would not admit the latter
to equal political rights or admit as a State of
this Union a community of negroes. He did
not believe the two races could live together
on terms of equality. _
To avoid all ambiguity it is proper that I
should remind the Senate that upon the great
issue of the negro and the rights of the States
to deal with him there have been three dis-
tinct schools:
First. The school of the southern radicals,
which I will call the school of Calhoun.
Second. The school of the northern radi-
cals, which I will call the school of Sumner ;
and
Third. The school of Jefferson and Madi-
son, based upon the true philosophy of man
and of human government.
The two first schools are radical, both, in
some respects, radically wrong. The third, or
the school of Jefferson and Madison, and at a
later period of Webster, Clay, Ewing, Benton,
Wright, and General Jackson, standing mid-
way between, rejecting the errors and embrac-
ing the truths of both, is, in my judgment, the
true school of the statesman.
In the first or Calhoun school negroes have
no rights which white men are bound to re-
spect ; their normal and true condition is that
of slavery. And in that school, also, the Fed-
eral Government has 110 power to enforce a
State to obey the Constitution against its will,
and a State may secede at its own pleasure.
In the second or Sumner school negroes in
a community of white men have not only a
right to their liberty and person and property,
but a right to be placed upon a footing of polit-
ical equality, including the right of suffrage
and to hold office, and, as a matter to follow
inevitably, social equality. I11 that school,
also, the new doctrine of centralization of all
power in Congress ovtv the States under the
clause to guaranty republican forms of govern-
ment has arisen, as dangerous to liberty as
secession itself. Opposed to both of these
radical schools is the true school of Jefferson
and Madison. It maintains the right of all
men to be free, and that their persons, liberty,
atid property should bo secured by just and
equal laws. It rejects, however, upon all the
teachings of history, the idea that two races so
distinct as the negro and the white man can
live together upon a footing of political and
consequent social equality. It rejects seces-
sion, upon the one hand, as utterly destructive
to the Union', and consolidation as dangerous
to republican institutions as it is to liberty
itself. It is in this latter school that I was
reared from my youth up; I remain its disciple
still. When the Democratic party, under the
influence of the radicals of the Calhoun school,
seemed to nie to shape its action and control
its policy, 1 was compelled to separate from it
and act with the Republican party until the
rebellion was suppressed; and now that the
radicals of the Sum.ver school have got control
of the councils and action of the Republican
party, and-are driving it on to absolutism and
to the destruction of the rights of the States,
I cannot go with them. To do so would be to
abandon the whole teachings of my life. As
the Democratic party is reorganizing upon the
same grounds where the old Democratic Re-
publican party stood half a century ago, at least
as I think it is, we shall stand together and do
battle in the same cause. When I entered the
Senate the honorable Senator from Illinois was
an able disciple and powerful advocate of the
doctrines of the sciiool of Jefferson. He then
belonged to the same school with myself. In a
speech at Chicago, August, 1857, he used such
expressions as these:
"I want to have nothing to do with the free negro
or the slave negro. We, the Republican party, are
the white mail's party. [Great applause.] We are
for free white men and lor making white labor re-
spectable and honorable."
Speaking of the negroes, he said:
" I would colonize them, We colonize Indians on
our western frontier: why cannot wo colonize the
negro as well as the Indian?" * * *
"We believe it is better tor us that they should not
bo among up. I believe it will be better for them to
go elsewhere."
But it may be said these were casual expres-
sions in a popular speech, and I ought not to
refertothem in theSenate. To leave no doubt
upon this subject I read a few extracts from
the Globe to show his views as expressed in
theSenate, December8,1859. (Congressional
Globe, page 58.)
Mr. Trumbull said:
"When wo say that all men are created equal wo
do not mean that every inan in organized society has
the same rights. We do not tolerate that in Illinois.
I know that there is a, distinction between the two
raoes, because the Almighty himself has marked it
upon thoir very faces, and, in my judgment, i&&&
cannot, by legislation or otherwise, produce a perfect
equality betwoon those races so that they will live
happily together."
Again, page CO, he quoted the famous decla-
ration of Mr. Jefferson:
" Nothing is more certainly writton in the hook of
fntethan tbat thesepeoplo(the«egroos)are to befree.
Nor is it less certain that the two races.equally free,
cannot live in the same government. Nature, habit,
opinion have drawn indelible lines of distinction
between them."
And he quoted also the phrase in which
Jefferson expressed, in his own strong words,
the dangers of a war of races. After quoting
this the Senator from Illinois went on to say:
" I trust the Republican party will make it part of
its creed that this Government should procuro some
rogion of country, not far distant, to which our free
negro population may be taken. I fear the conse-
quences which Jefferson so eloquently prophesied
unless that is done. I agree with the sentiment of
Mv. Jefferson, that two races which are,marked by
distinctive features cannot live peaceably togothoi
without one domineering over the othtiV, especially
when they differ in color. The free negro popula-
tion of this country is a great evil now."
And again, sir, to show that this was no
casual declaration, made in the heat of sud-
den debate, but an earnest and settled con-
viction of that honorable Senator, I read also
from page 102:
"There is a distinction between the white and
black races mado by Omnipotence himself. I do not
believe these two races can live happily and pleas-
ently together and enjoy equal rights without one
domineering over the other, and thereforo X advo-
cate the policy of separating these races by a system
which shall rid the country of the blaek race as it
becomes fr^e."
These were his declarations, these were his
convictions then. He may say the war has
educated him and he has changed his opin-
ions ; but the war can no more change the fact
of a "distinction between the white and black
races made by Omnipotence himself" than
the leopard can change his spots or the Ethio-
pian his skin.
But, sir, I do not wish to be drawn far from
the great question of reconstruction, and will
therefore confine myself mainly to the educa-
tion of the majority of the Senate on that
subject. I shall refer to the Senator from Illi-
nois more than to any other, because he was
then our champion, as he is now the champion
of the other side. To do him no injustice I
shall be obliged to read from the proceedings
of the Senate when he received his first les-
son from the great master in the school of
radical reconstruction. I will quote the very
language in which that lesson was given and
in which it was received. I do this because it
is impossible for me to abridge it and do jus-
tice either to the disciple or to the teacher, to
the lesson given, to the manner in which it was
given and received, or to the wonderful pro-
gress made in learning it.
Call to mind, sir, a scene in this Chamber at
ten o'clock at night ofthe25th of February, 1865.
There sat Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire, in the
chair. The resolution for the recognition of
the State government of Louisiana, a vital
measure of the administration of Mr. Lincoln,
had been pending for several weeks. The
friends of the measure desired to bring it to
a close, and placed themselves uncler the lead
of the honorable Senator from Illinois. The
Senator from Massachusetts led the Opposi-
tion. He was supported upon his right by the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] and upon his left
by the Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Powell.)
The discussion of the measure upon the merits
was over, and the simple question was whether
the Senate should come to a vote. Our cham-
pion had given notice in open Senate dunng
the day that it would be pressed to a final vote
that night. A recess had been taken, and the
Senate was convened in the evening for that
very purpose. The struggle began:
[Congressional Globe, Feb. 25,1865, page 1107.1
"The Presiding Officer (Mr. Ci.ark, in the
Chair ) Tho question is on motion of the senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wadk] to postpone the further con-
sideration ot the joint resolution until thehrstMon-
day of December next."
This, of course, was to kill the bill.
"The question being taken by yeas and nays re-
sulted—yeas 12, nays 17: as follows."
