THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cal crimes when made the subject of convic-
tion and of sentence in obedience to the law
are, under a principle of our Constitution and
of every other just, I will not say merciful,
Government in the world, made subjects of
pardon; but under this process- of impeach-
ment, with but one punishment, and that the
highest in the public fame and character of
men that is known or that can be conceived,
we have this further, this terrible additional
quality, that the punishment is immitigable,
immutable, irreversible, unpardonable, and no
power whatever can lighten or relievo the load
with which an impeached and convicted public
servant goes forth from your Chambers in a
just exercise of this power of impeachment
with a punishment heavier than he can bear.
And now, what answer is there to this but
an answer that will take a load of punishment
and of infamy from him and place it some-
where else? True it is that if he be unjustly
convicted, if he be convicted for technical and
formal faults, then the judgment of the great
nation, of intelligent and independent men,
stamps upon his judges the consequences that
they ha\e failed to inflict upon the victim of
their power. Then it is that the maxim si
innoeens domnatiir, judex bis damnaixir finds
its realization in the terrors of public opinion
and the recorded truths of history.
I have introduced these considerations sim-
ply to show you that these notions that if you
can prove that a man has stumbled over the
statute it, is essential that he should bear these
penalties and ihese consequences find no sup-
port in reason, none inlaw, none in the Consti-
tution, none in the good sense of this high tribu-
nal, none in the habits and views of the great
people whom we represent. Indeed,we should
come under the condemnation of the speaker
in Terrence if we were to seek upon this nar-
row, necessary view, as it is urged, of law such
consequences as 1 have stated: Hummum jus
scepe sum ma est maldia—an extremity of the
law is often the extremity of wickedness.
And now I am prepared to consider the gen-
eral traits and qualities of this offense charged,
and I shall endeavor to pursue in the course
of my argument a consideration, perhaps not
always foimal nor always exactly defined, of
three piopositions :
1. That, the alleged infractions of these penal
statutes are not in themselves, nor in any qual-
ity or color that has been fastened upon them
by the evidence in this cause, impeachable
offenses.
2. Having an application to the same con-
clusion, that whatever else there is attendant,
appurtenant, or in the neighborhood of the
subjects thus presented to your consideration
they are wholly political and not the subject
of jurisdiction in this court or in any court,
but only in the great forum of the popular
judgment, to be debated there at the hustings
and in the newspapers by the orators and the
writers to whom wo are always so much in-
debted for correct and accurate views on sub-
jects presented for such determination. If I
shall have accomplished this I shall have
accomplished everything. I .shall have drawn
attention to the true dimensions in a constitu-
tional view of the crime alleged even if it has
bei'u committed, and shall have shown by a
reflex application of the argument that it is
mere error and confusion, peihaps pardonable
in an impeaching authority, but unpardonable
in a court, of judgment, to confound things
political with things criminal.
And then, third, I shall ask your attention
to the precise traits and facts as disclosed in
the evidence charged ill the articles, and bring
you, I think, to a safe, an indisputable, liim,
and thorough conclusion that even the alleged
infractions of penal law have none of them, in
fact, taken place.
Now, let us look at this criminality in the
point, upon which, in the largest view of any
evidence in support of it given on the part of
the Managers, it must turn. We must sep-
arate, at least for the purpose of argument,
the innuendoes, the imputations, the aggra-
vations that find their place only in the ora-
tory of the Managers, or only in your own
minds as conversant with the political situ-
ation and enlisted zealously in the rightful
controversies which belong to it as a political
situation, and we are then to treat the subject
in this method: that up to twelve o'clock on
February the 21st, 1808, the President was in-
nocent and unimpeachable, and at one o'clock
on the same day he was guilty and impeach-
able of the string of offenses that iill up all the
articles except that devoted to the speeches,
the tenth ; for whatever he did was done then
at that point of time, leaving out the Emory
article, which relates to a conversation on the
morning of the 22d, and which I also should
have excepted from these observations. What
he did was all in writing. What he did was
all public and official. What lie did was com-
municated to all the authorities of the Govern-
ment having relation to the subject. There-
fore you have at once proposed for your con-
sideration a fault, not of personal delinquency,
not of immorality or turpitude, not one that
disparages in the judgment of mankind, not
one that degrades or affects the position of the
malefactor: it is, as Sir. Senator Wli.liaus
truly said, a "new offense," also, an offense
"not involving turpitude, and lather of a
political character."
Now, too, upon these proofs the offense car-
ries no consequences beyond what its action
indicates, to wit: a change in the head of a
Department. It is not a change of the De-
partment. It is not an attempt to wrest a
Department or apply an office jigaiust the law,
contrary to the regulations of the Government,
and turn its power against the safety or peace
of the State; not in the least. Whatever im-
aginations may suggest, whatever invective and
opprobrium may intimate, the fact is that it
had no other object, had 110 other plan, would
have had no other consequences—I mean within
the limits of this indictment and oi"this proof—
than to substitute lor Mr. Stanton some other
citizen of the United States that by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate should bo
approved for that high place, or to liU it until
that advice ami consent should be given by
some legal ad interim holder of the otlice, not
tilling it,, but dischaiging its duties.
If, then, the removal had been effected, if
the effort to assert a constitutional authority
by the President had been effectual, no pre-
tense is made, or can be made, that anything
would have been accomplished that could be
considered as a turning of the Government or
any branch of its service out, of the imthorily
of law. Neither did it in purpose or conse-
quences involve any change in the policy of the
Executive of the United States in the War
Department or in its management. Whatever
there might have been of favor or support in
public opinion, in political opinion, in the
wishes and feelings of the Congresses of the
United States in favor of Mr. Stanton for that
post, and however well deserved all that might
be, Senators cannot refuse to understand that
that does not furnish a reason why the offense
committed by a change of the head of a Depart-
ment should be exaggerated into a crime against
the safety of the State.
But I think we may go farther than that, and
say that however gieat may have been the
credit with the Houses of Congress and with
the people or with the men of his own party
which the Secretary of War, Mr. Stanton,
enjoyed, it cannot be denied that there was a
general and substantial concurrence of feeling
m this body, among all the public men in the
service of the Government, and among the
citizens in general, that the situation disclosed
to public view and public criticism of an antag-
onism between the h cad of a Department and the
President of the United States was not suitable
to the public service, and was not to be encour-
aged as a situation in the conduct of the execu-
tive government, and that there was a general
opinion among thoughtful and considerate peo-
ple that however much the polities of the
Secretary of War rftight be regarded as better
than the politics of the President, if we would
uphold the frame of government, and recognize
the official rights that belong to the two- posi-
tions, it was a fair and just thing for the- Presi-
dent to expect that the retirement should take
place on the part of the Secretary rather than
that he, the President, should be driven to a
forced resignation himself, or to the necessity
of being maimed and crippled in the conduct
of the public service.
It follows necessarily, then, that the whole
criminality, in act, in purpose, and in conse-
quence, that in this general survey we can
attach to the imputed offense, is a formal con-
travention of a statute. I will not say how
criminal that may be. I will not say whether
absolute, undeviating, inflexible, perfect obe-
dience to every law of the land may not be
exacted under the penalty of death from every-
body holding public station. That is matter
of judgment for legislators; but nevertheless
the morality, the policy, the quality of the
transaction cannot be otherwise affected than
so far as the actual punishments of the statute
are made applicable. When you consider that
this new law, thus passed, really "reverses
the whole action of this Government" in the
language of Senators and Representatives who
spoke in its behalf during its passage ; that in
the language of the same debaters it " revolu-
tionizes the practice of the Governmentand
when you consider that the only person in the
United States that this law, in respect to re-
moval from office, was intended or by its terms
could affect was the President of the United
States; that nobody else was subject to the
law; that it was made a rule, a control, a
restraint, a mandate, a direction to nobody else
in the United States except the President, just
as distinctly as if it had said in its terms, "If
the President of the United States shall remove
from office ho shall be punished by fine and
imprisonment;" and when you know that by
at least debated and disputed contests it was
claimed that the President of the United States
had the right to remove, and that an inhibition
upon that right was a direct assertion of con-
gressional authority aimed at the President in
his public trust, duty, and authority of carry-
ing ou the executive government, you can then
at once see that, by a necessary exclusion and
conclusion, however much the act may have
been against the law in fact as on subsequent
judgment may be held by this or any other
court, yet it was an act of that nature, for-
bidden under those circumstances, and to be
attempted under those obligations of duty, if
attempted at, all, which give it this quality, and
you see at once that no rhetoric, that no argu-
ment, that no politics whatever can fix upon
the offense, completed or attempted, any other
quality than this: a violation of a law, if it
shall be so hold, in support of and in obedience
to the higher oi ligation of the Constitution.
Whenever anybody pnts himself in that posi-
tion, nobody can make a crime of it in the
moral judgment, in the judicial determination.
In sentence and measure of punishment, at
least, if not in formal decision and judgment,
no man can make a crime of it.
Wo are treated to the most extraordinary
view on the subject of violating what is called
an unconstitutional law. Why, nobody ever
violates an unconstitutional law, because there
never is any such obstacle to a man's action,
freedom, duty, right, as an unconstitutional
law. The question is whether he violates law,
not whether he violates a written paper pub-
lished in a statute-book, but whether he vio-
lates law : and the first lessons under a written
Constitution are and must be that a law un-
constitutional is no law at all. The learned
Manager, Mr. Boutweia, speaks of a law be-
ing, possibly he says, capable of being annulled
by the judgment of the Supreme Court. Why,
the Supreme Court never annuls a law. There
is not any difference in the binding force of
the law after the Supreme Court has annulled
it. as he calls it, from what there was before.
The Supreme Court has no political function ;
it has no authority of will or power to annul
