1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4451
States; and upon this question the yeas and
na}rs will be taken.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 42, nays 5 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonj\Cameron,Cattell, Chand-
ler, (Jole, Conkiing, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Ferry, Frelinghuvpcri, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patteison of New Hnmp-
shirc, Pornoroy, Ramsey, Iliee, Boss, Sawyer. Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Simmer, Thayer, Tipton,
Van Winkle,'Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams,Wilson,
and Yates—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, McCreery, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, and Wliyte*—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Dixon, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Fossendcn, Fowler, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pool,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Vickers—17.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Oil this
question the yeas are forty-two, and the nays
five. Two thirds of the Senators present hav-
ing voted in the affirmative, the bill is passed
notwithstanding the objections of the President
of the United States.
A message was afterward received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPherson,
its Clerk, announcing that the House having
proceeded in conformity with the Constitution
to reconsider the bill entitled "An act relating
to the Freedmen's Bureau, and providing for
its discontinuance," returned to the Senate by
the President of the United States with his
objections, and sent by the Senate to the House
of Representatives, with the message of the
President relating to the resolution, and the
proceedings of the Senate thereon, had
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of tile Iiouso of Representatives agreeing to the
same.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he di-
rected to present to the Secretary ot Slate the enrolled
bill entitled "An act, relating to the Freedmen's Bu-
reau and providing forits discontinuance," together
with the certificates of the Secretary of the Senate
and Clerk of the House of Representatives, showing
that the suid bill was passed by a vote of two thirds
ot both Houses of Congress after the same had been
returned to the Senate by the President with his
objections, and after the reconsideration of said bill
by botii Houses of Congress in accordance with the
Constitution.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 768) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1131) regulating judicial
proceedings in certain eases for the protection
of officers and agents of the Government and
for the better defense of the Treasury against
unlawful claims ; and
A bill (II. II. No. 1375) to transfer to the
Department of the Interior certain powers and
duties now exercised by the Secretary of the
Treasury in connection with Indian affairs.
Tiic message also announced that the House
had passed without amendment the following
bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 442) to amend section one of
an act to prevent and punish frauds upon the
revenue, and for other purposes, approved
March 8, 18G3;
A bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of Mary
Scott;
A bill (S. No- 683) granting a pension to
Nancy Smith;
A bill (S. No. 634) granting a pension to
Violet Henry:
A bill (S. No. 630) granting a pension to
Mrs. Sallie Griffin ;
A bill (S. No. 606) granting a pension to
Robert Watson; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 172) to construe
an act entitled1 'An act to authorize the account-
ing officers of theTreasury to settle theaccounts
of Andrew S. Core."
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 14461 to re-
lieve from legal disabilities Simeon Corley,
John Milledge, and Michael Halm, and asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Jons A. Bingham of Ohio, Mr. H. E. Paike
of Wisconsin, and Mr. J. B. Beck of Ken-
tucky, managers on the part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1448) making ap-
propriations for certain executive expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869, and asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. B. P. Butler of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. W. B. Stokes of Tennessee, and
Mr. L. W. Ross of Illinois, managers at the
same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the amendments of the House to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 57) relative to
lighting the streets of Washington city, District
of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 767) to regulate the dis-
position of lands that may be hereafter granted
to aid in the construction of railways;
A bill (H. R. No. 1455) to correct an error
in the enrollment of the act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1454) making regulations
as to the public debt;
A bill (H. R. No. 1450) to authorize the
importation of machinery for repair only free
of duty;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 361) for the
relief of Helen Lincoln and Ileloise Lincoln,
and for the withholding of money from tribes
of Indians holding American captives ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 362) to aid in
relieving from peonage women and children
of the Navajo Indians.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 209) to incorporate the Even-
ing Star Newspaper Company;
A bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of Eliza
Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher;
A bill (S. No. 472) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to allow the United States to
prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security
A bill (S. No. 540)_ to regulate the sale of
hay in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 147) for the relief of Jonathan
S. Turner; \
A bill (H. R. No. 433) for the relief of Pale-
mon John ;
A bill (H. R. No. 722) for the relief of Sally
C. Northrup;
A bill (H. R. No. 834) for the relief of Hon.
George W. Bridges, a member of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress;
A bill (H. R. No. 939) to provide for an
American line of mail and emigrant passenger
steamships between New York and one or
more European ports;
A bill (II. R. No. 1322) for the relief of
Major P. P. Stevens, assistant paymaster
United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 1365) for the relief of
Captain Thomas W. Miller ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1366) for the relief of
Captain A. G. Olivar; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) giving
the assent of the United States to the con-
struction of certain wharves in the harbor of
Oswego, New York.
removal of political disabilities.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 1446) to relieve
from legal disabilities Simeon Corley, John
Milledge, and Michael Huhn, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by t.he House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Buck-
alew.
executive expenses.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1448) making
appropriations for certain executive expenses
ot the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, I860, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Repiesentatives, andagreoto the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Mouses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Ckagin, and Mr.
Haklan.
message from the nousk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 154) to admit certain persons to the
Naval Academy.
The message also announced that the House
had appointed Mr. W. H. Ivelsey, of New
York, ou the conference committee on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 1418) making appropriations for
ccrtain executive expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, I860, in the
place of Mr. B. P. Butler, of Massachusetts,
excused.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk, in reply to the resolution
of the Senato asking tho concurrence ot the House
in the suspension of the sixteenth and seventeenth
joint rules, be directed respectively to inform the
Senate that by the construction given by the House
to the concurrent resolution on adjournment, no cer-
tain time is yet fixed for tho close of the second ses-
sion of the fortieth Congress, and, on that account,
no action has been taken on the resolution of tho
Senate for the suspension of the said sixteenth and
seventeenth joint rules.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, lemaining in executive session till
five o'clock p. m., when the Senate took a
recess till half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. in.
department op education.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of (he Commissioner of
Education, on the educational interests of the
District of Columbia ; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
la crosse and milwaukee railroad.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1052.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1052) amendatory of an act entitled
" An act granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction ofrailroads
in said State,'' approved June 3, 1856, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to make it lawful for the Legislature ot the
State of Wisconsin to disposeof the lands granted
and which may have inured and been certified
to the State of Wisconsin under the act of Con-
gress approved June 3, 1836, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad "from Madison or
Columbus, by way of Portage City, to the Saint
Croix river or lake, between townships twenty-
live and thirty-one," and commonly known tfi
