4452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
La Crosse and Milwaukee railroad, for the ben-
efit of the Wisconsin Railroad Farm Mortgage
Land Company, a company existing under and
by virtue of the laws of Wisconsin ; but this
act is to apply only to such lands as may be
due tlie State of Wisconsin for the portion of
the road already completed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD LANDS.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
epnsent, and agreed to:
liesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
requested to suspend the execution of his order of
tlio 14th instant restoring to market the lands here-
tofore withdrawn by him for the use of the Southern
Pacific railroad in California, until ho can reexam-
ine the matter, and that he bje requested to grant a
rehearing therein.
GRANTEES OF ANN  . DUKDtXG.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 910) for (he
relief of the grantees of Ann I_). Durding, to
report it back without amendment. This is
a little bill that was prepared by (he Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and I have
a letter recommending its passage. It. is simply
to correct an error in an entry. I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The preamble recites that Ann D.
Durding, by her duly appointed attorney,
attempted to locate the northwest quaiter of
the southwest quarter of section twenty-one,
in township ninety seven north, of range six
west, in the district of lands subject, to sale at
Dubuque, Iowa, on the7th of November, 1851,
with bounty land warrant No. 23525, for forty
acres, issued under the act of September
28, 1850, but by an error the location was
made in township ninety-one north instead of
ninety-seven north, and a patent was issued
on the location in township ninety-one north,
which patent was destroyed by fire by the
burning of the land office at Dubuque; that
the tract in township ninety-seven north has
been withdrawn from market under the act of
Congress approved May 12, 180-1, to aid m
constructing the McGregor western railroad,
but has not been taken by or approved to that
road at this time; and that the tract in town-
ship ninety-seven north has been several times
conveyed, and Ann D. Durding cannot now be
found, and the loss of the tract of land to her
grantees would result in a great hardship to
them. The bill, therefore, authorizes the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
cuu.se the records and papers in the case to be
corrected, and to issue a patent for the north-
west quarter of the southwest quarter of section
twenty-one, in township ninety-seven north of
range six west, Iowa, in the name of Ann D.
Durding.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COLUMNS OP OLD PENNSYLVANIA BASK.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 828. It will take but a minute
to pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (II. It. No. 328) for the donation
of certain columns was considered as in Com
mitteo of the Whole. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to donate to such ceme-
teries as have been in whole or in part dedi-
cated to the burial of soldiers or sailors who
lost their lives in defense of the United States,
or to such voluntary associations of citizens as
contributed to the comfort and wants of these
patriots while living, the six columns taken
from the okl Pennsylvania bank building, in
the city of Philadelphia; but only one column
is to be donated to such cemetery or associa-
tion in any one iSut-j, and the same shall be
used as a monument.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COOLIE IK.1DC.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a billon the table
which I have been trying to call up fur a day
or two past. It is Senate bill No. t>-i-l. 1 move
that it be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. Oil) to amend an act entitled "An act to
prohibit the coolie trade by American citizens
in American vessels," approved February IS),
1802, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
extend all the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to prohibit the coolie trade by Ameri-
can citizens in American vessels," approved
February 19, 1802, so as to include and em-
brace the inhabitants or subjects of Japan, or
of any other oriental country, known as coolies,
in the same manner and to the same extent as
such act and its provisions apply to the inhab-
itants and subjects of China.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
11IGIIT OF WAY OVER LEAVENWORTH RESERVE.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was refeired the bill (II. It. No. 1-147)
granting the right of way to certain railroad
companies over the military reserve of Fort
Leavenworth, to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask that it be put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to grant the right of
way, not exceeding one hundred feet in width,
to the Leavenworth and Des Moines Railroad
Company, a corporation created under the
laws of the State of Missouri, to construct
and operate a railway across the military res-
ervation at Fort Leavenworth, on the east, side
of the Missouri river, upon a line to be desig-
nated aud lixed by the Secretary of War. It
also proposes to grant the right of way, not
exceeding one hundred feet in width, to the
Leavenworth, Atchison, and Northeastern
Railway Company, a corporation created un-
der tlie laws of the State of Kansas, to con-
struct and operate a railroad across and over
the military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
in the State of Kansas, upon such line as shall
be designated and fixed by the Secretary of
War; but if the company shall not, construct
within one year from the passage of the act a
railway from the city of Leavenworth to the
city ot Atchison then, and in that case, alike
privilege is conferred upon any other com-
pany that shall construct a railway between
those cities.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, aud passed.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 571.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee ot' the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 571) to provide for a
more economical administration of the gov-
ernments of the several Territories of the
United States, and for other purposes. It
£rovides that from and after its passage the
egislatures of the several Territories of the
United States shall meet but once in every
two years and the next meeting of each of
the Legislatures shall begin two years from
the date of their last sessions, respectively,
and no moneys are to be appropriated out
of the Treasury of the United States to
pay the legislative expenses of the several
Territories for any other than the biennial ses-
sions ; and the salaries of the Governors of the
several Territories of the United States are to
be fixed at §2,500 per annum.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
how the Teiritory would stand in eahe of a
certain emergency, an Indian war, or some-
thing of that sort. There ought to be a dis-
cretion somewhere to call the Legislature to-
gether.
Mr. RAMSEY This applies to the regular
and ordinary sessions of tlie Legislature.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then 1 raove to amend
the bill by inserting " unless specially con-
vened by the Governor."
Several Senators. Ohj no; ho has that
power now.
Mr. HARLAN, I think it is better to leave
the territorial governments as the organic acts
have fixed them. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the use of attempt-
ing to revise all the laws for the government of
the Territories at this time ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is done by one dash of
the pen. The Committee on Territories have
had this subject under consideration, and they
say this bill will result in saving §250,000 an-
nually to the Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is a good bill.
Mr. RA MSEY. These Legislatures met time
and again, and have nothing to do but simply
receive their pay.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to lay the bill on
(he table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to insert in line five, after the
word "years," the words "unless specially
convened by the Governor of the Territory."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. 1 have had some experi-
ence in Territories. I have lived in two Ter-
ritories and helped to make two Teiritories into
States; and I have never kuown any provision
particularly authorizing the Governor to call
special sessions. The power ought not to be in
the hands of the Governor, because it will
afford an opportunity to add greatly to the ex-
penses of the territorial government, and there
is no necessity for it in the Territories so far
as my experience goes. I am in favor of bien-
nial sessions. Some of the Territories have
now only biennial sessions. The great objec-
tion in the Territories is to toomnch legislation.
The less they have the better for the people.
The hill is a good bill the way it is reported.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 was told a moment ago
that my amendment was unnecessary because
IhcGovernorhad alreadythe power. I suppose
they have under some of the territorial acts.
As a matter of course, when yon allow the
Legislature to meet only once" in two years
you ought to make some provision for tlie" pos-
sible emergencies which may arise. We know
practically that they may arise.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to record my vote
against that bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Call for the yeas aud navs,
then.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask for the veas aud
nays.
Mr. STEWART. That will break up a
quorum.
COCKLING. I ask that this bill b3
laid aside for a moment, while 1 take up a
resolution that will give rise to no debate from
the Committee on the Judiciarv.
i'lae PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The ques-
IVs otl laying the bill on the table.
ihe motion was agreed to.
MKDIOAL HISTORY OF WAR.
Mr. CONICLING. I ask the Senate to take
up a resolution reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, which I_ think nobody will object to,
making a direction about, an appropriation.
-the motion was agreed to ; and the Nuiu.e
proceeded to consider the following resolution
reported from the Committee on the Judiei i:y
on the 22d instant:
liusulrcd, That under existing laws tlu batai-vV vt
