1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
4453
the appropriation of £-00,000 made July 2&, for
the pieparation, under the direci ion of the Secretary
of War, of five thousand copies ot the first volume of
the Mcdioal and Surgical History of the Rebellion,
complied by the Surgeon General, and the prepara-
tion and publication of a like numberof the Medical
Statistics of ihc Provost Marshal General's bureau,
compiled and to be compiled by Surgeon J. II. Bax-
ter, to wit, the sum of $19,736, must be applied exclu-
sively to the latter work.
The resolution was adopted.
NEW JERSEY SOLDIERS' MONUMENTS.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a report
of a little patriotic resolution and put it on its
passage.
Mr.'YATES. I rise to a question of order,
whether the bill that was passed over informally
a moment ago in relation to biennial sessions
of the Legislatures of Territories does not come
up now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
has just been laid on the table.
Mr. YATES. No, str; it was passed over
informally.
Mr. RAMSEY. "Passed over informally "
was the phrase used.
Mr. STEWART. The yeas and nays wiil
be called on that, and there is not a quorum
present. I hope the Senators will not insist
ipon it at present.
Mr. WILSON. We can get that up by and
Dy. 1 want to pass a little resolution. I am
lirected by the Committee 011 Military Affairs
md the Militia, to whom was referred thejoint
resolution (II. R. No. 358) authorizing^ the
Secretary of War to furnish cannon to Soldiers'
Monument Associations of Pcquonnock and
Paterson, New Jersey, to report it back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage,
and I ask foi its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary
of War to furnish to the Soldiers' Monument
Associations of the township of Pequonnoek,
Morris county, New .lersey, and Paterson,
Passaic county, New Jersey, each four pieces
of cannon and twenty balls, in all eight pieces
of cannon and forty balls, to be placed about
those monuments.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Mr. J. M. Ash-
ley, of Ohio, on the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses 011
the bill (II. R. No. 1446) to relieve from legal
and political disabilities Simeon Corley, John
Milledge, and Michael Halm, in place of Mr.
II. E. Paixe, of Wisconsin, excused.
The message alsoannounced that tho House
had passed the bill (S. No. 037) to authorize
the city of Washington to issue bonds for the
purpose of paying the floating debt of the city.
HOUSE DILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions re-
ceived from the House of Representatives were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 1454) making regulations
as to the public debt—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (II. R. No. 1455) to correct an error
in the enrollment of the act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 1456) to authorize the
importation of machinery for repair only, free
of duty—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 767) to regulate the dis-
position of lands that may be hereafter granted
to aid in the construction of railways—'to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 361) for the
relief of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln,
and for the withholding of money from tribes
of Indians holding American captives—to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 362) to aid in
relieving from peonage women and children
of the Navajo Indians—to the Committee 011
Indian Affairs.
WILLIAM M'GARRAIIAN.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up House bill
No. 65.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 05) for the relief
of William McGarrahan. It proposes to con-
firm the tract of land known as the Panoche
Grande rancho, in the State of California,
granted by Governor Manuel Mieheltorena to
Vineente'P. Gomez, in the year 1S44, and by
Gomez conveyed to William McGarrahan, 011
the 2i!d day of December, 1857, surveyed by
the United States surveyor general for the
State of California, and approved by him on
the 11th of September, 1862, and which sur-
vey is now on file in the General Land Office,
to William McGarrahan, upon the condition
that McGarrahan shall, within twelve months,
pay into the Treasury of the United States the
sum of SI 25 per acre for the lands embraced
within the survey. Upon the payment of this
sum to the Treasurer of the United States by
McGarrahan the Treasurer is to give a certifi-
cate therefor, and upon the presentation thereof
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
a patent is to be issued to William McGarra-
han for the lands.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have the report
of the committee read. g.
Mr. CONNESS. That is very long.
Mr. COLE. It will take a long time to
read it.
Mr. STEWART. The report recommends
that the bill be indefinitely postponed. I there-
fore move, in accordance with the report of
the committee, that tho bill be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT CHARITABLE INSTITUTION'S.
Mr. COLE. I call up the bill (H. R. No.
1206) to restore to certain parties their rights
under the laws and treaties of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. The bill has been road.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It has been read and
partly discussed.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot consent that a
bill of the importance of that measure shall be
taken up at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive that report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report:
Tho committee of conference or. tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H, R. No. 541; making appropriations for tho
service of the Columbia Institution for the Instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb, and establishing addi-
tional regulations for the government of the institu-
tion, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free confereneo havo agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Housos, as fol-
lows:
That tho Spnate recede from tlieir disagreement to
the amendment of the House to tho third amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede ft 0111 their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from thcirdisagreement to
the amendment of the House to the sixth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate reecde from their disagreement to
the first clause of the amendment of the House to the
eighth amendment of the Senate and agree to tho
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
tho second clause of the amendment of tho House to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: strike out
all of said second clause, to wit: lour sections; and
insert in lieu tho following: "That the superintend-
ent of the said Columbia Institution for the Deaf
and Dumb shuil at the commencement of every De-
cember session of Congress w.ike a full and complete
statement of all the expenditures made by virtue of
any appropriations by Congress. Said statement shall
include the amount paid to said superintendent, and
also for teachers, to whom paid, and the rate atwhiett
paid. And all expenditures for the Columbia Hospital
for Women and Lying-in Asylum shall bo under the
direction of the Surgeon General of the Army, wjo
shall also report to (JoDgress at every December ses-
sion a full and accuiate account of all expenditu.es
made by said asylum out of appropriations by Coa-
gress; and all accounts for all appropriations made
by Congress for charitable purposes, and for cba"i-
table institutions in tho District of Columbia, sha.ll
be audited by tho First Auditor of the Treasury. Put
nothing herein contained shall take from the Secre-
tary of the Interior the jurisdiction he r.ow has o\er
the subject of charities and chaiitabic institutions
in the District of Columbia.
L. M. MORRILL,
J. W. PATTERSON,
A. McDONALD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1440) to relievo from
legal and political disabilities Simeon Corley, John
Milledge, and Michael Hahn, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to reoommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
WILLIAM W. STEWART,
HENRY WILSON.
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
J. B. BliCK,
J. M. ASHLEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I wish to call up the res-
olution fixing the pay of the newly-admitted
Senators; and 1 submit to Senators that we
ought to give the Secretary some direction in
regard to it. These gentlemen want tlieir
pay. They ought to have it. The Secretary
is utterly unable to pay them until he receives
some direction from the Senate. I move to
take up that resolution. We can dispose of it
in a short time.
Mr. HAliLAN. I am in favor of it; but 1
want, to take up a little bill which will not
occupy two minutes. I have been trying to
get the floor for two days to call it up.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Allow this to be taken
up, and then I will let it lay aside for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HARLAN. Allow me to take this up,
and I will give way.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; take it so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York moves to take up the
resolution in regard to the compensation of the
newly admitted members.
Mr. COLE. I believe there was a motion
pending.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us take up th'is res-
olution, and 1 will give way to Senators on
both sides.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a little bill of five
or six lines for the relief of a constituent of
mine. It has passed the House, and I want it
to pass the Senate in time to be signed. It
will not take two minutes to pass it.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg to make an inquirj
of the Chair. Is not this in the nature of a
privileged resolution? These gentlemen arc
here, entitled to some pay, under some rule,
just as much as the rest of us ; but they cannot
get their pay. The Secretary does not know
what to do. Is it not a matter of privilege?
The PRESIDENT' pro tempore. We could
pass them both while Senators are talking
about it.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly. Now, I ask
the Chair to give precedence to one or the
other. T ,
The P RESIDENT pro tempore, \sappoaei
I recognized the Senator&om Aew lork lirst.
I do not remember, but I think I did. ike
question is on his motion.
The motion was agreed to.
