1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
186*1
Senators differ from him presumes they are not pre-
pared to vote. What arrogance, what assumed su-
periority on the part of one man over his equals and
hid peers on this floor, to say that he is prepared to
vote, but that other Senators are not prepared be-
cause they do not agree with him! Sir, I would to
God the whole American people could look in upon
this scene and upon the Senatorfrom Massachusetts.
That Senator more than once, because I have urged
the admission of the free State of Louisiana with a
constitution which has been adopted by a large ma-
jority of her loyal people; a constitution which sets
tree in districts which were excepted in the Presi-
dent's proclamation, almost ninety-thousand slaves,
has charged me with standing in the march of human
freedom. And yet he, here in season andout of season,
is against the recognition of the free State of Louisi-
ana, and against a constitution which gives freedom
to ninety thousand slaves and to all the slaves of
Louisiana, whether the emancipation proclamation
reached them or not,because as ho avowed last even-
ing on the floor of the Senate, the constitution of
Louisiana is not republican in form inasmuch as it
does not give universal suffrage to all the colored
men of Louisiana.
"And what else do we see? (The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Powell] declares that this election
of the people of Louisiana was carried by military
power, by military authority, and is the result of
military dictation and military despotism over the
eople of Louisiana. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
7ade] responds to this with all his heart.
"Mr. President, we look upon a strange spectacle
here when the two extremes of this body come to-
gether in this way. One would suppose that Pilate
and Herod had joined hands to attack the Adminis-
tration in its policy on this subject, and, if they can,
to crucify the free State of Louisiana."
As t.he Senate lias 110 previous question, it
was found impossible to bring the measure to
a final vote. The adjournment of that night
thus forced upon the Senate by the Senator
from Massachusetts-and his allies, killed the
bill. No man not most intimately acquainted
with President Lincoln can realize how deeply
wounded his spirit was by this fatal stab at his
cherished policy in the house and at the hands
of his friends. He encouraged the people of
Louisiana to stand fast. He had full faith to
believe the next Congress would recognize
their State and admit its representatives. Had
he lived I have no doubt his prediction would
have been realized and the government of
Louisiana recognized. He had a majority in
the Senate of at least two to one. But he did
not live to see the next Congress assemble.
He died at "the hands of au assassin. His last
public utterance, however, was a speech upon
that subject here in Washington. In gentle
but earnest tones he showed the sad mistake of
Congress in refusing to recognize the State of
Louisiana, and he pleaded for the adoption of
liIS policy in all the other States of the South
with the eloquence of an angel trumpet-tongued
as the true basis of peace and restoration._
Sir, had Congress then recognized Louisiana
all the other States, two years ago, would have
been restored to representation here; their
practical relations in the Union harmoniously
resumed; the credit of this Government placed
in a position so strong that our six per cent,
bonds would now command gold at a premium
in any money center of the world.
Senators, it is a sad commentary upon that
fatal mistake. The four per cent, bonds of
Brazil command over ninety per cent, in gold,
while the six per cents of the United States sell
at seventy-three. What reason can be given
except that one third of the States, nearly
three years after war has ceased, are denied
by Congress all representation, and Congress
seems determined to impose upon them such
unbearable degradation that white men from
other States will not go there to reside, and
those who are now there are driven to despair.
Iiad Congress then recognized the State of
Louisiana there never would have been any
such riot at New Orleans. By refusing to rec-
ognize it doubts as to the validity of the exist-
ing government were at once engendered. An
effort was made to extend negro suffrage_ in
that State by revolution against the existing
government there by calling together the old
convention which formed the constitution to
amend it in such a manner as to disfranchise
large classes of white men and enfranchise the
blacks. But for the failure of Congress to
recognize Louisiana at that time no such at-
tempt would have been made or dreamed of;
and but for that attempt no such riot would
have been provoked or incited to the sorrow
and mortification of every true American.
Mr. President, let me not be misunderstood.
When the Senator from Illinois and the ma-
jority of the Senate stood with me, contending
so earnestly for Mr. Lincoln's policy, their
purpose as well as mine was the reestablish-
ment of the Union fully and constitutionally and
the restoration of harmony and good accord
between the North and the South. That was
my purpose then, and is still. I think that may
be the purpose of the majority still, although
under the educating process referred to by the
honorable Senator from Indiana they have
come to think the cause of the rebellion will
triumph iu some way unless the party in power
is sustained, and therefore they will consent to
no restoration which will not secure their party
ascendency. In this I do not participate.
Here, though always painful to separate from
political friends, we must separate. Besides,
there is another fundamental element of divi-
sion between us. The manner in which Con-
gress now pursues its policy of reconstruction
necessarily defeats the main purpose in which
in the beginning we all agreed, peaceful and
cordial reconstruction, or restoration on a con-
stitutional basis. Congress now makes it a
question of arbitrary power on one side, of
abject submission or stubborn resistance on the
other.
England has tried both policies. She ex-
tended equal rights to Scotland, conquered
after centuries ol cruel and desolating war, and
Scotland has been for the last hundred and
fifty years a peaceful and loyal part of the
British empire.
She tried the other course with Ireland; pro-
scribed her citizens, persecuted her, heaped
contumely and reproach on all who loved her
people and whom her people loved, and all
has been and continues to be anarchy, disor-
der, mutual hatred and mutual violence, and
the end is not yet.
Men, high-spirited men, are the most diffi-
cult of all creatures to beat or drive into sub-
mission. They cannot be brought to love those
who habitually insult and degrade them.
We differ in this. Now that the rebellion is
over 1 am in favor of lawful, kind, and concil-
iatory measures, and, as far as may be con-
sistent with my own convictions, of paying due
respect to the long-cherished feelings, opinions
and prejudices iu the South, the course in short
which England pursued toward Scotland, and
which so happily united her.
While the majority in Congress speak of the
South as still in rebellion ; denounce their
characters ; spurn their oaths of allegiance;
treat as null their pardons granted by the
President; favor wholesale proscription; mili-
tary government first then negro government;
humbling the intelligent white men of the
South to a condition politically below the most
ignorant plantation negro. They are, as I
understand them, prepared to adopt the course
which England took against Ireland, and for
the sake of the brief continuance of power
which they may hope it will give them, take,
or rather let the country take, its terrible con-
sequences. Fenianism is not confined to Ire-
land ; it is contagious, for human nature is
the same in all ages of the world.
It is never wise to humiliate an adversary
whom the fortunes of war have placed in our
power. When in the early days of llome the
army, embracing the flower of the iloman
youth, being led into a defile were captured by
the Samnites under command of a youthful
general, he sent to inquire of his aged uncle,
a great man as well as a great general, what
should be done with the prisoners, received for
answer, "Set them at liberty upon a pledge
of peace for the future. Send them home with
honor; do not humiliate them." This advice
was too wise, too far-seeing and magnanimous
to be comprehended by the young Hotspur in
the flush and pride of his great victory. He
did humiliate them. From that moment peace
became impossible between Rome and the
Samnites; it was war to the death, which did
not cease until the name of that people perished
Sir, if we would have peace, a peace worth
having, let us give to the people of the States
of the South the same Constitution, the same
laws, the same rights which we claim for oar-
selves. As States let us not humiliate them,
and because they are now weak and we are
strong place them upon a footing inferior to
other States. They are sisters of the same
family, and though they have been in deadly
feud with us, iti which the wrong has been with
them, now that the feud has ceased, now that
they have renounced their error, let us treat
them as sisters and equals once more. You
know, sir, that the States represented here
would not consent to have Congress force upon
them negro suffrage against their will.
Sliall we humiliate six millions of our own
race, brave, high-spirited men, wrong though
they once were, by forcing upon them what we
will not take upon ourselves? And what makes
the degradation of this policy so much more t.o
them is the fact that from the wholesale dis-
franchisement of the whites aud the universal
suffrage of the blacks, forced upon them by
military power, in several of those States, if
not in all, they are to be subjected in fact to a
negro government; to the government of their
late negro slaves. No humiliation can be con-
ceived so great as that, or so utterly destructive
of their interests, present and future. It is a
state of things which cannot be imposed and
cannot be upheld except by military power at
enormous cost to the Government.
Some Senator in this debate complained be-
cause 1 read a statement of Alexander H.
Stephens and Mr. Fitzpairick upon the con-
dition of the South since the adoption of the
new policy by Congress, i did so because the
South has no voice here; because Congress
closes the door and refuses to let her speak for
herself. We do not understand and we cannot
realize her true condition. I read the state-
ments of those gentlemen because there is not
a man on this floor who will not admit their
knowledge and their veracity. I now appeal
to the Senate to listen for a moment to the
words of one of the ablest men of our coun-
try, Governor Perry, of South Carolina. He
was a true friend of the Gnion during the whole
war. I would ho were here 011 this floor to
speak for her and for himself.
He would state the effects of this new con-
gressional policy in words so terse and clear,
and in tones so earnest as to reach'the judg-
ment and move the heart.
Of the effect of radical policy,
First, on the negroes, he says:
" "When slavery was abolishedin the southern States,
if tho people had been let alone in their State legis-
lation and restored to the Union, all would have been
well. They would soon have recovered from their
exhausted and crushcd condith n, and been oneo
moro a happy and prosperous people. They would
have added hundreds of millions annually to tho
wealth of the Republic instead of costing it, us they
now do, $100,000,000 every year, through tho Freed-
mcn's Bureau and a standing army. But the unjust,
unconstitutional, and suicidal legislation of Con-
gress has paralyzed them forever, I fear. The negro
is no longer that industrious, useful, and civil laborer
which he once was, but an idle drone and pest to so-
ciety. Inflated with his new and marvelous polit-
ical importance, he has abandoned his former indus-
trious habits and spends his time in attending public
meetings and loyal-league gatherings by day ana
by night. The whole race seem disposed to quit their
work and resort to the towns and villages, where they
may eke out an idle and wretched existence m pil-
fering and begging."
Second, on property:
"Property of all kinds, and especially real estate,
has depreciated in value one halt" or two thirds dur-
ing the past year. No one is disposed to purchase
anything, and foreign capital has been driven out or
deterred from coming here for investment. Property
sold by the sheriff brings nothing, ihe marshal 01
this State told me theother day that hesold a plant-
ation, well-improved, containing two thousand acrcs,
in Horry *district, at public auction to the highest
bidder for five dollars."
Third, on population:
"A great many persons are moving from the lower
country, where there are so many negroes, and ( hat
section of the State is destined to become a wilder-
