1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3429
I any doubt that governmental interference,
either Inderal or State, can work only evil.
Allusion has been made to the practical
working of these laws in the States where they
have been established. I know of such prac-
tical operation only in my own State. There
the law, framed as I have said to be dependent
upon the agreement between the parties, has
been in operation now for something more
than a year, and the law is simply waste paper
so far as affecting the relations between the
employer and the employe, because both
employer and em ploy 6 have found out by ex-
perience that they can make their bargains
better for themselves than the Government can
make them for them. For a little time the law
operated evil in introducing discord between
the employer and the employed; but fortunately
the influence of our system, the law of supply
and demand, the impulse of self-interest on the
part of the laborer himself, soon overrode the
law and left it where it is to-day, a piece of
waste paper, a simple monument of folly in
legislation. And the same clamorous dema-
gogues who started originally the demand that
in this free country Government should under-
take to regulate the relations of capital and
labor now insist that the liberty of the parties
to contract shall be taken away from them by
the action of Government, insist that the failure
of the eight-hour law is owing to the fact that
w-e have left to capital and labor the poor
privilege of making their own agreements.
Fortunately, I am not aware that the people of
any State have yet come to the conclusion that
in a republican government it is best for us to
say that men shall not make their own bargains,
but that Legislatures shall make their bargains
for them ; and without that principle involved
in your bills, which shall deny to employer
and employed the right of making their own
contracts, your eight-hour laws will forever
remain waste paper upon your statute-books,
the source of discontent and disagreement
between capital and labor.
Because, then, the effort which is made here
is one which is avowedly to influence legisla-
tion by example throughout the United States,
I do feel as if in the Senate of the United Slates,
at least, there might be one last refuge for the
exercise of common sense upon a subject like
this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to hear
the amendment read.
The amendment was read, being to insert
after the words " United States, " in line six,
these words:
And unless otherwise provided by law the rate
of wages paid by the United States shall be the cur-
rent rate for the same labor for the same time at the
place of employment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, hays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds,
Perry, Fessenden, Howard, Moigan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Ross. Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, and
Williams—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cole, Conkling, Con-
ness, Graffiti, Dixon, Doolittle, Harlan, Hendricks,
Johnson, McCreery. McDonald,Morton, Nye, Fatter-
son of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart. Tip-
ton, "Wade, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson. Howe, Norton, Rice, Saulsbury. Sprague,
Thayer, Trumbull, Viekers, Willey, and Yates—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to inquire
whether the time assigned for this bill has
expired?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
fixed has expired.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us take the question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 should like to make
one remaik before I vote for this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
order of the day.
Mr. CONNESS. I appeal to the Senator
from Pennsylvania to withhold his remarks at,
present. I, too, wish to speak; but let us
have a vote on this bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I will simply say
that if I had time, and the Senate would listen
to me, I think I could make an answer to the
remarks of the Senator from Connecticut. I
think they do great injustice to those who vote
for this bill.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler. Cole, Con-
ness.Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Harlan, Hen-
dricks, Howard, McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ramsey, Itoss, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Pomoroy,
Sherman, Sumner, and Van Winkle—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Cattell, Conkling, Drake, Freiinghuysen, Giiiues,
Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
ton, R/ice, Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull, Viekers,
and Willey—19.
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The title of the bill ought
to be changed, it seems to me, to read : A bill
to give to Government employ6s twenty-five
per cent, more wages than employes in private
establishments receive.
Mr. CONNESS. That is an eccentricity of
the honorable Senator from Ohio. The bill
has a very good title as it stands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkrson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve from
disabilities certain persons in States lately in
rebellion ; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.  '
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The unfin-
ished business ofyesterday is House bill No. 605.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 005) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869.
The reading of the bill was continued from
the point readied yesterday, and the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations were acted on in their order as reached
in the reading of the bill.
The first amendment reached was in line
seven hundred and sixteen, to strikeout "four"
andinsert "seven," andtostrikeout "$7,200"
and insert "$12,600," so as to appropriate
$12,600 for seven clerks of class four in the
War Department, instead of $7,200 for four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line seven
hundred and nineteen, under the head " War
Department," to insert:
For four clerks of class three, $G,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head
"War Department," to strike out "six," in
line seven hundred and twenty-three, and insert
"eight;" and in the same line to strike out
" $7,200" and insert " $9,600;" so as to make
the clause read:
For three clerks of class two, $4,200; eight clerks
of class o e,_ $9,000; one messenger, $1,000; one
assistant, at SSJ0; one laboier, sit $720; two assist-
ant messengers, at $840 each, &1.GS0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wa t in line seven hun-
dred and thirty, to strike out "one clerk" and
i insert " three clerksin the same line to
' strike out "SI,800" and insert "§5,-100;" in
line seven hundred and thirty-one, to strike out
"one clerk" and insert " nine clerks inline
seven hundred and thirty-two to strike out
"$1,600" and insert " $14,400;" 80 as to
make the clause read:
Office of Adjutant General:
For three clerks of class four, $5,400; nine clerks
of class three, $14,400; twenty-seven clerks of class
two, $37,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under tlie head
"Office of Adjutant General," in line seven
hundred and thirty-five to strikeout "twen-
ty-six" and insert " forty," and to strike out
"$31,200" and insert "$48,000."
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " forty" aud inserting
"sixty," and by increasing the appropriation
from $48,000 to $72,000. The number of
clerks of the first class in this Department is
now one hundred and twenty, and 1 propose to
reduce it one half.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. These are tem-
porary clerks, and will be provided for by a
provision to be offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON. This is in the Adjutant
General's department of the War Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have ap-
propriated for all the clerks that are provided
for by law as permanent clerks. When we
come to the question of providing for tempo-
rary clerks the Senator's motion will be in
order.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and forty-two, to strikeout "four" and
insert "nineteen," andto strikeout "$6,400"
and insert "$30,400;" so as to appropriate
$30,400 for nineteen clerks of class three in the
office of the Quartermaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and forty-four, to strike out "seven" and
insert "forty-two," and to strikeout "$9,800"
andinsert "$58,800;" so as to appropriate
$58,800 for forty-two clerks of class two m the
office of the Quartermaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and seventy-seven, to strikeout" four" and
insert "fourteen," and to strike out "§5,600"
and insert "$10,600:" so as to appropriate
$19,600 for fourteen clerks of class two m the
office of the Commissary General.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire whether
this amendment adds more clerks ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; it is only
providing for clerks in this officein conformity
to the existing law.
Mr. POMEROY. I see that the House of
Representatives have only provided for four,
and our committee propose fourteen. The
House must have had some knowledge on the
subject different from the knowledge of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We provided
according to the estimates, and according to
the statutes authorizing these clerks. On a
former occasion they were authorized during
the continuance of the war.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line seven
hundred and seventy the word "each" should
be inserted after " dollars."
The PRESIDENTp?'0 tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be made unless it is objected to. The
reading will proceed.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and seventy-nine, to strike out " eight
and insert "twenty-four," and to strike out
"$9,600" and insert " $28,800;" so as to
appropriate $28,800 lor twenty-four clerks oi
class one in the office of the Commissary Gen-
eral.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven bun*
dred and eighty-five, to strike out " oneclerK
