3480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
and insert " two clerks," and to strike out
" $1,800" and insert " $3,600;'' in line seven
hundred and eighty-six, to strike out " one
clerk" and insert "two clerks;" in line
seven hundred and eighty-seven, to strike out
" $1,600" and insert "$8,200;" in line seven
hundred and eighty-eight, to strike out " two"
and insert " four," and to strike ont " 52,800"
and insert "$5,600;" in line seven hundred
and eighty-nine, to strike out "four" and insert
" twenty-five and in line seven hundred and
ninety, to strike out "$4,800" and insert
" §30,000 ;" so as to make the clause read :
Office of the Surgeon General:
For two clerks of class foar, $3 600; for two clerks
of class three, $3,200; for four clerks of class two,
15,000; for twenty-five clerks of class one, $30,000; for
one messenger, $1,000; one laborer, 8720.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and ninety-four, to strike out "three"
and insert "four," and to strike out " $5,400"
and insert "$7,200;" in line seven hundred
and ninety-six, to strike out " four" and insert
"five;" in line seven hundred and ninety-
seven, to strike out " $5,000" and insert
" $7,000;" in line seven hundred and ninety-
eight, to strike out " three" and insert " five."
and to strike out "$3,000'' and insert "$0,000;"
so as to make the clause read:
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For four clerks of class four, $7.200; for four clerks
of cla:-s three, $0,100: for live clerks of class two,
$7,000 ; for five clerks of class one, £6,000; for two
messengers, at $1,000 each, $2,000; and one laborer,
$720.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and three, to strike out "one clerk"
and insert " four clerks," and to strike out
" $1,800" andinsert " $7,200;" in line eight
hundred and five, to strike ojjt "four" and
insert " eightinline eight hundred and six,
to strike out " $5,000" and insert " $11,200;"
in line eight hundred and seven, to strike out
"seven" andinsert "twenty;" in line eight
hundred and eight, to strike out " ©8,400" and
insert "$24,000;" and after "dollars," in
line eight hundred and nine, to insert " two
laborers at $720 each, $1,410;" so as to make
the clause read:
Office of Chief of Ordnance:
For four clerks of class four. $7,200; for one clerk
of class three, $1,600; for eight clerks of class two,
$11,200; for twenty clerks of class one, $2-1,000: one
messenger, m,000; two laborers, at $720 each, $1,440.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out the clause commencing with line
eight hundred and three, on page 33, and end-
ing at line eight hundred and eleven, on page
34, and to insert in lieu of the provision there
made the words which I send to the Chair.
I merely desire to say that my proposition
reduces the nlnnher of clerks from thirty-three
to twenty-five, and reduces the amount of
expense nearly four thousand dollars. It is
more acceptable to the Chief of Ordnance to
have the clerks in his office classified in the
manner I propose, as I have a letter from him
showing, and I believe it is satisfactory to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
proposes to otrike out all in regard to the ord-
nance office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir, and
to insert in lieu of it what I have sent to the
Chair, and I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
For chief clerk, $2,000.
For six clerks of class four, $10,800.
For six clerks of class three, $9,600.
For eight clerks of class two, S11.200.
For four clerks of class one, &4,80O.
For one messenger, SI,000.
For three laborers, at $720 each, $2,160.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This proposition
may add to the efficiency of the force of that
bureau, and if the honorable Senator from
Vermont is satisfied of that fact, I shall not
complain; but the effect of it is, I believe,
simply to change the grade of the clerks, to
transfer them from lower to higher grades.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It gives the
bureau one chief clerk and cut'S off a large
number of clerks of class one, so as to have
but twenty-five clerks in all, and the chief of
the bureau prefers that to the arrangement in
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But then yon
increase the grades.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. But there is
an actual saving of near four thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont proposes to provide an officer for whom
there is no authority of law. There is no chief
clerk in this office now. I ask if the amend-
ment comes from a committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does it not
come from the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
merely introduce it on iny own motion based
upon a letter of the Chief of Ordnance, Gen-
eral Dyer.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is against the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think, under
the circumstances, I ought to invoke the
rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the rule apply
to a reduction of appropriations? Is it not
confined to an increase ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an increase.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it is a
reduction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no rule
against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
does not apply unless the amendment increases
the appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. It changes the existing
law, and is not reported by a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it in-
creased the appropriation the proposition would
not be in order, but the Chair understands that
it does not. It is an amendment to an amend-
ment without increasing the amount appropri-
ated. It is, therefore, in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather surprised
that my friend from Vermont should propose
this amendment. It raises nearly all the clerks
in the bureau of ordnance one grade. It pro-
vides for one chief clerk and for six clerks of
class four in lieu of four clerks of that clas3
allowed by the Committee on Appropriations,
and instead of twenty clcrks of class one it
proposes only three or four, allowing more of
the higher grades. That raises the question
we have had so much difficulty about, as to
the grade of these employ6s. Their grade is
now fixed by law, and this is not the time to
increase it. This application has been made
from nearly every bureau in the Treasury
Department, and, if it is done in the Ordnance
Bureau, complaint will be made, and we shall
be compelled again to go over the subject of
the grades of the officers in the Treasury
Department. We have laid all these applica-
tions aside for this session, on the principle
that we would not at this time attempt to
reorganize the various bureaus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it not already been
done in the Treasury Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill does it in some
of the bureaus of that Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are various changes
made by the committee throughout this bill in
the parts of it relating to the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Only putting
in what was left out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury eleven clerks of class
four provided for instead of five, and so on j
throughout there is quite an increase of the j
number and an increase of the aggregate !
amount appropriated. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps I had j
better state to the Senate precisely how that is. ;
The House of Representatives framed this !
bill on the basis of the peace establishment >
anterior to the war, and left out all the clerks I
who were denominated war clerks created in
1862, 1863, 186-4, and 1865, and who were ex-
pected to continue during the exigency caused
by the war. The Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate having the whole subject
before them, the attention of the Departments
having been called to it by the action of the
other House, came to the conclusion that, in the
particulars indicated by the amendments they
have reported to this bill, it was not safe to
leave out this year those clerks who were ap-
pointed for that exigency. So following the
appropriations of last year, and following the
law authorizing the employment of these clerks
during that exigency, we have increased the
appropriations to cover those particular clerks
appropriated for last year, and also provided
for by the statute to which I have referred.
There has been .no attempt in this bill to
classify any of these Departments ; in fact, the
Committee on Appropriations have steadily
resisted it, and I am inclined to think that the
Senator from Vermontwill do well not to press
his amendment, because it is a classification
of one bureau in the War Department for
reasons which would apply perhaps to all the
Departments. It is simply raising these per-
sons to a higher degree and a larger"pay with-
out imposing on them any additional duties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am rather
surprised, I confess, at the opposition to this
amendment. Here is a plain proposition re-
ducing the number of clerks in this bureau
from thirty-three to twenty-five, and reducing
the absolute amount of expenditure nearly
four thousand dollars. What harm, pray, could
arise if this practice should be introduced and
cover all the Departments? I would be glad
to see it done. If we can redace the force, and
reduce the expenditure at the same time, who
is to be harmed? Is not the Government ben-
efited? If these officers, as I have no doubt
is the case, could make their Departments more
efficient by employing men of a different grade,
why should we not grant them the authority,
and cutoff from the lower end? I am perfectly
willing.
Mr. SHERMAN. The result would be that
next session we should have an application
from this same Department for more clerical
force, or they would assign temporary clerks
to it. 1 warn the Senator from Vermont that
if he opens the door in the Bureau of Ordnance
for this kind of reform, as he calls it, he might
as weli take up the whole subject and open it.
As to the Treasury Department, we have a bill
here carefully prepared, which does in every
bureau of that Department precisely what he
proposes now to do as to the Bureau of Ord-
nance, which proposes to nominally reduce the
number and increase the salary by promoting
the clerks a grade.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And reduce
the whole expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. It reduces the whole
expense nominally ; but that, I take it. will be
covered up by temporary clerks, and in other
ways.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
idea that there will be an application next
year for any increase of service. I have merely
proposed to change the proposition offered by
the Committee on Appropriations. They pro-
pose four clerks of class four ; I propose six.
They propose one clerk of class three; I pro-
pose six. They propose eight clerks of class
two; I propose the same. They propose
twenty clerks of class one ; I propose four.
Mr. SHERMAN. In other words the amend-
ment promotes tliem.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have here a
table carefully prepared by the chief clerk of
the War Department for the use of the com-
mittee, showing precisely what was desirable
in this office, and we made the bill conform to
it. It will be seen by this table that this
bureau has its fair proportion of the higher
classes of clerks, and I think it would hardly
be fair to the other bureaus to allow this in-
crease of the higher clerkships to be made
here. It will certainly lead to a similar appli-
