348
SUPPLEMENT TO
anil power, it has great powers. They are
not monarchical or tending to monarchy, be-
cause the tenure of the office, its source of
original commission, and its return of the
t.ruat to those who control it, and its amena-
bility under the Constitution to this process
of impeachment and the authority of Congress,
save it from being at all dangerous to the lib-
erties of the nation. Yet it is, and is intended |
to be, an office of great authority, and the i
Constitution in its coordinate department can-
not be sustained without maintaining all the
authority that the Constitution has intended
for this executive office. But it depends l'or
its place in the Constitution upon the fact, the
practical fact, that its authority is committed
by the suffrage of the people, and that when
this authority is exerted it is not by individual
purpose or will, or upon the mere strength
which a single individual can oppose to the
collective power of the Congress of the United
States. It is because and as the people, who
by their suffrage have raised the President to
his place, are behind him, holding up his hands,
speaking with his voice, sustaining him in his
high duties, that the President has the place
and can maintain it under the Constitution.
This great power is safe, then, to the people
for the reasons I have stated, and it is safe to
the President because the people are behind
him and have just exhibited their confidence
by the suffrage that has promoted him. When,
however, alas, our Constitution comes to this
trial that one is lifted to the presidential office
who has not received the suffrage of the people
for that office, then at once discord, disloca-
tion, deficiency, difficulty show themselves;
then at once the great powers of the office which
were consonant witli a free Constitution and
with the supremacy of popular will, by the fact
that for a brief term the breath of life of the
continuing favor of the people gave them effi-
cacy and strength, find no support in fact.
Then it is that in the criticisms of the press,
m the estimates of public men, in the views of
the people, these great powers, strictly in trust
ami within the Constitution, seem to be despotic
and personal. And then, if we will give due
force to another difficulty that our system of
vicious politics has introduced, and that, is that
in tho nomination for the two offices, selecting
always the true leader of the popular sentiment
of the time for the place of President, we look
about for a candidate for the Vice Presidency
to attract minority and to assuage differences
and to bring in inconsistent support, and make
him different from the President in political
position and in general circumstances for pop-
ular support, and couple with the fact that I
have spoken of in the Constitution and which
belongs to it this vice in our politics, then when
the Vice President becomes President of tho
United States, not only is ho in the attitude of
not having the popular support for the great
powers of the Constitution, but he is in the
condition of not having the party support for
the fidelity and maintenance of his authority
that are necessary. Then, adhering to his
original opinions, to the very opinions aud po-
litical attitude which form the argument for
placing him in the second place of authority,
lie is denounced as a traitor to his party and is
watched and criticised by all the leaders of that
party.
I speak not particularly in reference to the
present presidential term and its incumbent,
and the actual condition of politics here; I
speak of the very nature of the ease. All the
public men, all the ambitious men, nay, all the
men interested in the public service, in carry-
ing .on the Government for the purposes and
with the views, in the interest of duty, of the
party, have made their connections, anil formed
their views, established their relations with the
President- who has disappeared. They then
are not in the attitude of support, personal or
political, that may properly be maintained
among the leaders of a party, and that is im-
plied in the fact that an election has taken
place- by the joint efforts, crowning in the final
result the President of the selection of the
people. Then it is that high words are inter-
changed. Then it is that ambitious men, who
had framed their purposes, both for the present
and for the future, upon the footing of the
presidential predomination that had been se-
cured by the election, find these plans dislo-
cated and disturbed; and then it is that if wis-
dom and prudence and the personal qualities
of pacification and of accommodation and of
attraction are wanting upon the one side and
the other, terrible evils threaten the conduct
of the Government and the peace of the State.
It was thus, as we all know by looking back to
the experience of the Whig party, that differ-
ences, even in time of peace and of quiet, had
been urged so far in the Presidency of Mr.
Tyler, that an impeachment was moved against
him in the House of Representatives, and had
more than one hundred supporters; and yet,
when it was all over, nobody, I think, could
have dreamed that there was anything in the
conduct of Mr. Tyler, in the matter complained
of, that was just ground for impeachment. So,
too, in great part during the incumbency of
Mr. Fillmore, elevated to the Presidency, his
action and his course, tempered and moderated
as it was by some of the personal qualities that
I have stated, was yet carried on in resistance
to the leading ideas of tho party that had raised
him to power.
Then the Opposition, seizing upon this op-
portunity, encourage the controversy, urge on
the quarrel, but do not espouse it, and thus it
ends in the President being left without the
support of the currents of authority that under-
lie and vivify the Constitution of the United
States—the favor of the people; and so when
this unfortunate, this irregular condition of the
executive office concurs with times of great
national juncture, of great and serious oppres-
sion and difficulty of public affairs, then at
once you have at work the special, the pecu-
liar, the irregular operation of forces that
expose the Constitution, left unprotected and
undefended with the full measure of support
that every department of the Government
should have to resist the other, pressing on to
dangers and to difficulties that may shake and
bring down the pillars of'tlie Constitution itself.
1 suggest this to you as wise men, to under-
stand how out of circumstances for which no
man is responsible, attributable to the working
of the Constitution itself, in this effort to pro-
vide a successor, and to the inattention paid
to it in the suffrages of the people and the selec-
tions of the politicians, how there is a weak-
ness, and a special weakness, that the Presi-
dency is as it were an undefended fort, and
see to it that the invasion is not urged and
made successful by the temptation thus pre-
sented.
This exception, weakness of the Presidency
under our Constitution, is encountered in the
present state of affairs by an extraordinary
development of party strength in the Con-
gress. There are in the Constitution but three
barriers against the will of a majority of Con-
gress witliiu the terms of their authority. One
is that it requires a two-thirds vote to expel a
member of either House ; another that a two-
thirds vote is necessary to pass a law over the
objections of the President; and another, that
a two-thirds vote of the Senate, sitting as a
court for the trial of impeachment, is requisite
to a sentence. And now how have these two
last protections of the executive office disap-
peared from the Constitution in its practical
working by the condition of parties that has
given to one the firm possession by a three-
fourths vote, I think in both Houses, of the
control of the action of each body of the Legis-
lature? liefiect upon this. I do not touch
upon the particular circumstance that the non-
restoration of the southern States has left your
numbers in both Houses of Congress less than
they might under other circumstances be. I
do not calculate whether that absence dimin-
ishes or increases the disproportion that there
would be. Possibly theirpresence might even
aggravate the political majority which is thus
arrayed arid thus overrides practically all the cal-
culations of the presidental protection through
the guarantees of the Constitution ; for, what
do the two-thirds provisions mean ? They meant
that in a free country, where elections were dif-
fused over a vast area, no Congressman having
a constituency of over seventy or eighty thou-
sand people, it was impossible to suppose that
there would not be a somewhat equal division
of parties, or impossible to suppose that the
excitements and zeal of party could carry all
the members of it into any extravagance. I
do not call them extravagances in any sense
of reproach; I merely speak of them as the
extreme measures that parties in politics, and
under whatever motives, may be disposed to
adopt.
Certainly, then, there is ground to pause and
consider before you bring to a determination
this great struggle between the cobidinate
branches of the Government, this agitation and
this conclusion in a certain event of the ques-
tion whether the coordination of the Consti-
tution can be preserved. Attend to these
special circumstances and determine for your-
selves whether under these influences it is best
to urge a contest, which must operate upon the
framework of the Constitution, and its future
unattended by any exceptions of a peculiar
nature that govern the actual situation. Ah,
that, is the misery of human affairs, that the
stress comes and lias its consequence when the
system is least prepared to receive it. It is the
misery that disease, casual, circumstantial, in-
vades the frame when health is depressed and
the powers of the constitution to resist it are
at the lowest ebb. It is that the gale rises and
sweeps the ship to destruction when there is
no sea-room for it and when it is upon a lee-
shore. And if concurrent with that danger to
the good ship, her crew be short, her helm un-
settled, and disorder begins to prevail, there
comes to be a final struggle for the maintenance
of mastery against the elements and over the
only chances of safety, how wretched is the
condition of that people whose fortunes are
embarked in that ship of state!
What other protection is there for the presi-
dential office than these two-thirds guarantees
of the Constitution that have disappeared?
The Supreme Court placed there to determine,
among the remarkable provinces of its juris-
diction, the lines of separation and of duty
and of power under our Constitution between
the Legislature and the President. Ah! under
this evidence, received and rejected, the very
effort of the President was, when the two-thirds
majorities had urged the contest against him,
to raise a case for the Supreme Court to decide ;
and then the Legislature, coming in by its
special condition of impeachment, intercepts
the effort and brings his head again within the
mere power of Congress where the two-thirds
rule is equally ineffectual as between the par-
ties to the contest.
This is matter of grave import, of necessary
consideration, and which, with the people of
this country, with watchful foreign nations, and
in the eyes of history, will be one of the determ-
ining features of this great controversy ; for
great as is the question in the estimate of the
Managers or of ourselves or of the public in-
telligence of this people, of how great the
power should be on one side or the other, with
Congress or with the President, that question
sinks into absolute insignificance compared
with the greater andliigher question, the ques-
tion that lias been in the Constitution, that lias
been in the minds of philosophers, of pub-
licists, and of statesmen since it was founded,
whether it was in the power of a written con-
stitution to draw lines of separation and put
up buttresses of defense betweeu the coordinate
branches of the Government? And with that
question settled adversely with a determination
that one can devour, and having the power,
will devour the other, then the balances of the
American Constitution are lost and lost for-
ever. Nobody can reinstate in paper what
has once been struck down in fact. Mankind
are governed by instances, not by resolutions.
Aud then, indeed, there is placed before
