1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ness. The same thing must occur in many portions
of Mississippi and other States. A gentleman just
returned from Mississippi tells mo that lands which
rented last yc^r for fourteen dollars per acre were
now offered "at two dollars per acre, and no one would
take them.
Unless there is a reaction at tho Worth, and better
legislation lor tho southern States, they will bo an
incubus to the Union, utterly destructive of the whole
Bepublic."
Fourth, on crime or pauperism :
" The conseciucnees are that our fields and planta-
tions axe uncultivated, the country pauperized, at
the point of starvation, and filled with every grado
of crime. Not a day passes over our heads that wo
do not hear of some theft, houscburning, robbery,
rape, or murder. I will mention ono or two instances
out of thousands which might be enumerated. 1'ivo
negro men, last week, in Darlington district, went,
armed with guns, to a country store, robbed filestore,
killed theclerk.shot awoman in the house, and went
to the dwelling of the owner and kiSled him. A short
time since a parcel of negroes placed obxtructionson
the South Carolina railroad, which throw off a train
of cars in the nighttime. Again, at another point
on the same road, a parcel of negroes fired into the
train, and came very near killingsoveral pusseitgeis.
Last fall, at Piekens court, seven or eight negroes
were convicted ot murdor, and seventeen or eighteen
others sont to the penitentiary. Highway robberv,
an offense Thieh was scarcely ever heard of in South
Carolina for years past, has become a very common
crime in the neighborhood of towns and villages.
Theft and burglary are of constant occurrence."
Fifth, on war of races :
"The present military force will have to be kept
up to maintain peace between tho two races, and
there is no certainty of their ability to do this long.
I have lor some time thought that -when the negro
government went into operation it would be impos-
sible to preserve the peace of tlie country. A war of
races must ensue, and it will be the most terrific war
of extermination that over desolated the face of the
earth in any age or country."
Who can describe, who can conceive, the
horrors of such a war as that ? Terrible as our
late civii war was, it was nothing in comparison.
In a war of races there is nothing sacred,
nothing holy, nothing respected. All the char-
ities of the heart and all the ordinances of God
and of man are trampled down before the pas-
sions of demons incarnate. Fire, rapine, and
death encompass vou on every side. The ilames
of your dwellings, the shrieks of the virgin, and
the groans of the matron break your midnight
repose. Tho dead lie unburied in your houses
and in your highways. The priest is slain at
the altar—feeble age upon its crutch—the in-
fant in its cradle.
What will you do? Where will you fly?
Alas ! you know not, for
" Which way I fly is hell."
And because I would save the South from
the adoption of a policy which tends to pro-
duce such a war as that, am I to be charged
with cruelty and inhumanity ? Sir, lam plead-
ing for the peace, for the lives, for the exist-
ence even of the people of the Soulh. Because
as an American atidas a man I love the people
of (lie South of both races, the whiles with all
their errors and enmities, now severely pun-
ished and deeply atoned for, and the blacks
with all their present ignorance and as a class
their entire incapacity to govern themselves
much less to govern others ; because 1 am
pleading with all my might to save them from
a policy which will certainly destroy one if
not both races, is it right to say I am wanting
in Christian charity? This charge has too
little foundation to require further notice. I
return to my argument,.
This statement which I have just read from
Governor Perry, coiroborated, as it is, by the
universal testimony of intelligent men of the
South, it should be carefully considered and
not thrust aside by the Senate.
Mr. President, will the South live or die
under such treatment? To prevent a war of
races a large standing army will be required if
political power is placed in the ignorant mass
of half civilized negroes.
Bad as military despotism is, the mass of
white people wouid prefer that to uegro gov-
ernment, and that can only be upheld by mil-
itary power.
The best lands of the South are returning to
a wilderness ; production is paralyzed ; negro
suffrage is to be maintained by a standing army
at hundreds of millions of expense; and repub-
licanism is to he trampled down by military
despotism at the South. And, sir, what will be
the effect of all that upon the States and upon
the institutions of the North? Can the North
bear all that immense expenditure to sustain
negro supremacy at the South? What will
become of our credit, of our resources? What
will become of our republican institutions?
Can we live as a republic bound to a despot-
ism; can we, as a nation, live at all, ehamed
to a dead body?
The Union for which we struggled was a
union of equal States under the Constitution,
a union with the living, not with dead. If
this radical policy shall be pursued until death
ensue, the Republic, to save itself, may yet cry
out in agony, who shall deliver from this body
of death? who will cut the cord which binds
us to a corpse ?
I appeal once more to the Senate to arrest,
or at least to modify, this policy, and to
leave the States of the South in the control
of its civilized people. If you will not leave
the question of suffrage entirely to them, as
wo claim it for ourselves, to be determined
each State for itself, do not, I implore you,
humiliate the intelligence'and civilization of
the South by forcing upon them against their
will, against their long-cherished sentiments,
the universal suffrage of their late igtioraut
and as yet but hall-civilized African slaves.
For the elevation of the negroes themselves
I implore the Senate to place some restrictions
upon negro suffrage ; some qualifications which
the more worthy may now have, and to which
the mass may, perhaps, hereafter aspire.
Adopt substantially the amendment which I
propose, and I have no doubt in sixty days the
people of those States would cany it out in
good faith. Order and civil government would
take the place of anarchy and military despot-
ism. A great part of the Army could soon
be withdrawn, and our expenses reduced by
$50,000,000 per annum. Hope would revive,
and prosperity begin to smile upon ail parts
of the Hepublic.
If the majority would adopt that and except
from disfranchisement all who have received
pardon according to law, with all the great
errors it has committed during the last' two
years, I think it might still hope with confi-
dence that the people of the United States
would continue them in power.
But if they will insist upon the disfranchise-
ment of thousands upon thousands to whom
the nation's plighted faith has given pardon;
if they will force universal negro suffrage upon
ten States and six millions of our own race
and people against their will, the party in
power, whoever may be its candidate for Pres-
ident, ought to be, and I think will be, over-
thrown.
Mr. President, as I said in the beginning,
when this measure came here fiotn the House,
a measure which, upon its face, in a time of
profound peace, creates, as it seems to me, an
absolute, unqualified military despotism over
ten States, eight mil lions of our people, and over
a territory larger than England, France, and
Germany all combined, I confess 1 was filled
with emotions which no language can express.
1 have accustomed myself to look upon the
United States, with its written Constitution,
forming a union of many States into one na-
tion, and yet so defining and limiting its powers
as to leave the States thus united independent,
each for itself, under its own constitution, to
guard the more sacred rights ot its citizens, as
the realization of all that is great and good in
human government—as tlie true ideal.
As a citizen and as a Senator I have looked
upon this great Republic in this New World not
only as the outgrowth of the civilization ot the
ages, but as the realization of the highest
aspiration of all who have preceded it and pre-
pared the way for its coming; as that higher
and better Hepublic for mau upon the earth, for
which the great and good of all ages have longed
and prayed, and for which the brave have
struggled and have not feared to die.
With thy eye of an humble faith I have looked
upon it, also, as that very Republic which the
prophets of old foresaw was to come—the Man-
child of prophecy, the Faithful and True, in
righteousness judging and makingwar; and if
faithful and true to its high mission that heaven
with all its omnipotence stands pledged for its
success. Will the great Republic be faithful
and true to that mission? For its hour of trial
has come. Two dangers alone threaten it.
They come, not from without; they come from
within. Secession on the one hand;. centrali-
zation, to be followed by imperialism, on the
other.
We have overcome the one. That danger is
already past. Are we equal to the struggle
necessary to resist and to overcome the other
which threatens now? That depends upon the
people themselves. God grant they may be!
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move to postpone the further consideration of
this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled 15iixs signkd.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 306) for the protection in cer-
tain cases of persons making disclosure as par-
ties or testifying as witnesses ; and
A bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of Horace
Smith and D, B. Wesson, or their assigns.
message fjiom the presidb.nt.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. W. G.
Mooke, his Secretary:
Mr. President: I am instructed by tho President
of the United States to inform the Senate that the
joint resolution (S, R. No. 99) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to employ counsel in certain cases, which
originated in the Senato, having been presented to
him on the 11th day of February, 1868, and not hav-
ing been approved or returned by him to the Senate
within ten days, (Sundays excepted.) has become a
law under the Constitution of the'United States.
The President's Secretary also presented
several executive messages.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business ; and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 24, 1808.
The House met at 12 o'clock m.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of Saturday last was dispensed with.
The House, pursuant to order, resumed the
consideration of the resolution reported by the
Committee on Reconstruction, Mr. Woodward
being entitled to the floor.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, this is
the third attempt to impeach the President.
Ihe first, founded on his alleged usurpation
of powers which the Constitution had delegated
to the legislative department, was crushed to
death by the ponderous volume of testimony
of more than twelve hundred pages which was
brought in with the impeaching resolution,
llie second attempt, fouuded on the Johnson-
Grant correspondence, was strangled in the
birth, and the issue of fact raised between
those aistinguished correspondents was left !o
be decided by each man for himself u pon evi-
dence that was altogether favorable to the res-
ident.
Kow comes, for the third time during ,ur
present session, another resolution o( impeach-
ment, founded on the President's removal of
h. Stanton from the War Department, iu
violation of the sixth section of the act of the
2d ol March, 1807, entitled " An act regulating
the tenure of certain civii offices/* °
I shall call the attention of the House very
particularly to that section iu connection witU
