4454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July 25,
MESSAGE FROM TEE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. li. No.
5-11) making appropriations for the service of
the Colnmbia institution for the Instruction of
the Deal'and Dumb, and establishing additional
regulations for the government of the institu-
tion, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 417) to amend an act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establish-
ment of her northern and western boundaries,
the relinquishment by the said Statu of all
territory claimed by her exterior to said bound-
aries, and of all her claims upon the United
States, and to establish a territorial govern-
ment for New Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 487) to disapprove an act of
the Legislative Assembly of Washington Ter-
ritory, redisricting the Territory, and reas-
signing the judges thereto ;
A bill (S. No. 491) to provide for the ap-
pointment of recorder of deeds in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 151) to drop
from the rolls of the Army certain oilieors
absent without authority from tlieir commands;
and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 109) appealing
to the Turkish Government in behalf of the
people of Crete.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. (ill)) to ex-
tend the laws of the United States relating to
customs, commerce, and navigation over the
territory ceded to the United Slates by ltussia,
to establish a collection district therein, and
for other purposes, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the. Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. 1457) to pay for indexing
the tax bill; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1458) to provide for the
more economical administration of the govern-
ment of the several Territories of the United
States, aud for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNUP.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. 708) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1021) in amendment of an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1807 ; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1375) to transfer to the
Department of the Interior certain powers and
duties now exercised by the Secretary of the
Treasury in connection with Indian affairs.
PAY OP SOUTHERN SENATORS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by Mr. Trumbull
on the 21st instant:
Revolved, That tho Secretary of tho Senate be
directed to pay to tho Senators from tho States of
Arkansas, ilonda. North Carolina, and Louisiana,
tho compensation allowed by l.iw, to be computed
from tho commencement of the Fortieth Congress.
The pending question was stated to be on
the amendment proposed by Mr. Davis, to
strike out all of the resolution after the word
"Arkansas," in the third line, aud insert:
The eompensation allowed by law from the 22d
<biy of Juue, 1-ics, ami to ttio Senators from Florida,
North U;iroiina, and Louisiana, from the 25th day of
June, ISbS.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask my honorable
friend from Kentucky to allow me to amend
the original resolution by including South Caro-
lina, which, it seems, is not there, and then
his amendment will be equally appropriate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. To make tho amendment
commensurate with the rest?
Mr. CONKLING. Of course.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. The reason that I move the
amendment, is simply this : by the legislation
of Congress, and by the judgment of the Senate,
those States were not entitled to elect Senators
except from the time from which, according
to the amendment, pay is directed to be made
to them. The resolution called up by the
Senator from Now York proposes to pay those
Senators from tho 4th of March, 1857 ; that
is eighteen mouths previous to the time when
any of those States had the privilege to clect
Senators according to the laws of Congress
and according to the deliberate and repeated
judgment of the Senate. Suppose a new State
was admitted now into the Union, eighteen
months after the commencement of the present
Congress, when that new Stale elected Sena-
tors to Congress, would they be entitled to
receive pay from the beginning of the Con-
gress, or would they be entitled to receive
pay only from the time that the State was
admitted into tho Union? Upon those two
propositions there cannot be a doubt. This is
an analogous case. I deny that there is any
law of Congress, or any precedent of the Sen-
ate that authorizes the payment of Senators
for eighteei months previous to the time that
they were elected, and for eighteen months
previous to the time that they were authorized
by the laws of Congress to be elected.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I took the same view of
this subject in the House of Representatives
originally that he does ; but I beg to ask him
how he surmounts the precedent established in
the case of Tennessee, which I understand to
have been upon all-fours with this case, and
whore the Senate, alter discussion, gave the
same direction that is proposed in this resolu-
tion?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; that was not an
analogous case, because the State of Tennes-
see had been represented in Congress during
the whole of the rebellion in the one House or
tho other, or both.
Mr. CONKLING. Not during the whole of
the rebellion.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, for three or four ses-
sions. These other States, unless it be Louisi-
ana, have not been' represented in Congress at
all during the war. But the single precedent
is not sufficient to overrule the plain and legal
principle of law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And this is a Senate
resolution?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; this is a resolution
of the Senate, not a law. If I recollect aright,
I am not certain, the case of Tennessee was
provided for by law.
Mr. POMEROY. No; by a resolution of
the Senate simply.
Mr. DAVIS. I care not whether it was by
law or resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the Tennessee case
I do not think there was an attempt to go back
of the time of election. The election took
place a good while before they were admitted.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recollect that. I do
not recollect the facts in relation to the case
of Tennessee ; but before the honorable Sen-
ator from New York can ask to have any force
attached to that precedent he should examine
the precedent itself and its circumstances in
order to prove to the Senate that it is in con-
formity to the present case. But, sir, can any
proposition be more unsound than that Sen-
ators shall be elected from States which there-
tofore were not authorized to elect Senators,
and that then for the eighteen months of time
intervening between the commencement of
Congress and their election they shall be enti-
tled to receive pay? I do not think anything
can bo more unsound than that. It is upon
this ground that I object to the passage of the
resolution. I do not think it is sanctioned by
any law or by any precedent.
Air. THAYER. The Senator from Ken-
tucky makes a distinction between the State
of Tennessee and these otlier States on the
ground, as he gays, that Tennessee was repre-
sented in Congress during the war. It was not
all the time. I have to state that during no
portion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress did Ten-
nessee have any representation.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, Oh, yes;
she "wasrepresented in the Ihirty-Ninth. She
had no representation in the Thirty-Eighth ;
but she had in the Thirty-Seventh.
Mr. THAYER. ^ Exactly. Tennessee had
no representation in either House during the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, and not until the close
of the Thirty-Ninth.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The
close of the first session of the Thirty-Ninth.
Mr. TH AYEIt. When the present Senators
were admitted, and the delegation were, ad-
mitted in the other House about the same time;
the pay of the members of the House and of
the Senate, as I am informed by the Senator
from Tennessee on my left, dated back to the'
commencement of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
I believe that is true.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER, It is proposed now to apply
the same rule to the delegation from each
of these States which have actually been
restored.
Mr. DAVIS. There is, if I understand the
precedent correctly, this difference between
that case and the case of the present Senators ;
I may bo mistaken, however, in its concep-
tion. There were no Senators elected to the
Senate from the State of Tennessee except, the
honorable Senator now in my eye and his col-
league.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. That is
so.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, that is the most
important difference, or at least an important
difference between the case of Tennessee and
tho case of the Senators who are intended to
be provided for by the resolution pending. In
each one of those States there had beeti an
election of other gentlemen to the Senate.
Mr. TIIAYEii. No other Senators were
elected in these States since the commence-
ment of the present Congress ; that is. subse-
quent to the 4th of March, 1867. These are
the only Senators who have been elected since
that time.
Mr. DAVIS. That I understand ; buttbera
were two gentlemen elected from each one of
these States previously, according to mv recol-
lection, from some of them I know-, whose
terms of service have not yet expired. I ask
the honorable Senator from Nebraska if the
term of service of any man who presented his
credentials since the suppression of the rebel
lion from any of the States named in the reso-
lution has yet expired? I suppose, if those
Senators had been admitted to their seats in
conformity to their credentials, that each sen-
atorial seat would now be filled and occupied
by a different gentleman from any of those
who have been admitted here at the present
session.
That, then, presents this state of facts: here
were two Senators elected from each of these
States. 1 hoy presented themselves at the bar
ot the Senate with their commissions, their
returns of election, and asked to be admitted
to their seats. The terms of none of those
Senators have yet expired. 1 do not know the
act certain y m relation to all of them, but I
know it is the fact m relation to most of them.
Now, when there had been a previous election
according to tho forms of the Constitution by
the Legislatures of those several States, and
the gentlemen elected irom those States, or
wno professed to be elected from those States,
came here with commissions of the Governors
ot those States under the great seal of the
