1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other sections of the same statute for the pur-
pose of showing that this resolution is founded
in a mistake, and that any impeachment of the
President on the idea that Secretary Stanton
is within the protection of the tenure-of-office
bill is whatFoucb6, the chief of the old French
police, would have called worse than a crime—
a blunder. But before examining the enact-
ment I beg leave to remind the House that th.e
President removed Mr. Stanton by virtue of
powers he derived from the Constitution, which
is a higher law than the pet statute on whiqh
the impeaehers have placed themselves. The
President's constitutional powers in the prem-
ised must be stated. The Constitution dis-
tributes the powers delegated to the Federal
Government among three great and coordinate
departments—the legislative, the executive,
and the judicial. To the legislative department
are given "all the legislative powers herein
granted." Article two, section one, reads:
"Tho executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
And, says article three:
"The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court and in sue!) inferior
coui ts as tho Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
The power-is vested—all the power delegated
to the Federal Government.. What powers
these are must be seen in the Constitution or
learned from political scienco as applicable to
a confederacy of States in union under a Fed-
eral Constitution.
But whatever executive-power the Federal
Government possesses is vestsd in the Presi-
dent. ' He is made the sole trustee of the people
in this regard. In the matter of appointments
to office and the treaty-making function a check
is imposed upon the President by the provis-
ions which require the consent and concurrence
of the Senate; but even in these instances the
power exercised is the President's. The con-
currence of the Senate is only a regulation for
the exercise of the power. It is a mere advi-
sory discretion—not an executive power. The
Senate possesses notaniotaof executive power.
Its functions are all legislative, except when it
sits upon impeachments, when they are judi-^
cial. The separateness and completeness of
this exeeuiive power in the hands of the Presi-
dent are a doctrine that is very essential to the
harmony of our system and to the responsi-
bility of the President to the people. He is a
trustee for them, and that he may be held to a
strict account of his stewardship the individu-
ality and exclusiveness of the power with which
he is clothed are not to be questioned. And
if Congress meddle with it they become tres-
passers—their actis an impertinent nullity, and
the President is not to be impeached for disre-
garding it.
Now, sir, see what the Constitution says
about his appointing power. Article two, sec-
tion two, says:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties,provided two
thirds of the Senaturs present concur; and he shall
nominate, and.byand with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall appoint, embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
and all other officers oi the United States, whose ap~
pointmentsn re nothcrein otherwise provided ior, and
which sha.ll be established by law; bat the Congress
may by law vest the appointment oi such interior
officers as they think proper in the President alone,
in the courts of law, orin the heads oi Departments.
He is to nominate, and, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, appoint, the
officers designated and all other officers estab-
lished by law whose appointment the Consti-
tution does not otherwise provide for. But the
appointment of "inferior officers" may be
vested by law in the President alone, m the
courts of law, or in the heads of Departments.
In the first Congress that assembled under
this Constitution several questions were set-
tled as a contemporaneous construction ox the
above provision that has been acquiesced in
ever since, or at least until this ill-contrived
tenure-of-officelaw came upon the statute-book.
For instance, on the 19th May, 1789, m the
debate upon the Executive Departments, it was
agreed that the " inferior officers mentioned m
the Constitution are clerks and other subordi-
nate persons." (See Debates of First Con-
gress, page 80.) They could not be heads of
Departments, for the power to appoint inferior
officers might be vested in heads of Depart-
ments, and the Constitution was not guilty of
the solecism of making heads of Departments
appointable by themselves.
And in the same debate upon the Executive
Departments it was settled that the President's
power of appointment included the power of
removal as to all officers except judges. On
an amendment declaratory of this power Mr.
Smith, of South Carolina, said "he had doubts
whether the officer could be removed by the
President." To which Mr. Madison replied:
*K I do not concur with the gentleman in his inter-
pretation of the Constitution." * ¥ ■* *
"I think it absolutely necessary that the President
should have the power of removing from office; it
will make him in a peculiar manner responsiblo.for
their conduct and subject him to impeachment him-
self if he suffers them to perpetrate with impunity
high crimes or misdemeanors against the United
States or neglects to superintend their conduct so as
to cheek their excesses. On the constitutionality of
the declaration I have no manner of doubt."
Let me observe, en passant, for the benefit
of those gentleman who doubted the statement
of the law of impeachment which I had the
honor of submitting to the House some weeks
since, that tho above extract shows that Mr.
Madison entertained the same view, and a refer-
ence to the debates, which I have before me,
will show that every gentleman who touched
the point agreed with Mr. Madison.
Bat on the point now before us, the power
of the President to remove civil officers with-
out the concurrence of the Senate, I beg leave
to read a short extract from the speech of Mr.
Goodhue, a distinguished member of that First
Congress:
"Mr. Goodhue was decidedly against combining
the Senate in this business. Ho wished to make tho
President as responsible as possible for the conduct
of the officers who were to execute the duties of his
own branch of the Government. If the removal and
appointment were placed in tho hands of a numerous
body tho responsibility would be lessened. lie ad-
mitted ther  was a propriety in allowing the Senate
to advise the President in the choice of officers; this
the Constitution had ordained for wise purposes; but
there could be no real advantage arising from tho
concurrence of the Senate to the removal, but great
disadvantages. It might beget faction and party,
which would prevent the Senate from paying proper
attention to the public business. Uponthewhole.he
concluded, tho community would be served by the
best men, when the Senate concurred with the Pres-
ident in the appointment; but, if any oversight was
committed, itcouldbest be correctcd by the superin-
tending agent. It was tho peculiar duty of tho Pres-
ident to watch over the executivo officers; but of what
avail would be his inspection unless lie had a power
to correct the abuses he might discover?"
Mr. Clymer, of Pennsylvania, also said in
the same debate:
"The power of removal is an executive power, and
belongs to the President alone, by tho express words
of the Constitution—the executive power shall be
vested in a President of the United States of Amer-
ica. The Senate are not an executive body, they
arc a legislative one. It is true, in some instances,
they hold a qualified check over the executive power,
but that is in consequence oi an express declaration
in the Constitution ; without such declaration they
would not have been called upon foradvico and con-
sent in the case of appointments. Why, then, shall
we extend their power to control the removal, which
is naturally in the^ Executive, unless it is likewise
expressly declared in the Constitution.''
The question on adding the words '■ by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate"
was put and lost. On the 24th June, 1789,
when the War Department was being formed,
Mr. Benson proposed, with respect to the Sec-
retary's being removable by the President, a
similar amendment to that which had been
obtained in the bill establishing the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs.
Mr. Sherman thought it unnecessary to load
the bill with any words on that subject. Mr.
Page was of the same opinion, but the ques-
tion was taken on the amendment without fur-
ther debate and carried in the affirmative, 24
to 22. (See Debates of First Congress, 1 vol.,
pages 88, 89, 108.)
There, Mr. Speaker, in the very formation
of the Executive Departments, and especially
that of War, the First Congress settled it that
the power of removal was absolute in the Pres-
ident without consent or concurrence of the
Senate. And tbey settled it, not as a_l
tive'principle which a subsequent legislature
might change, but as a constitutional principle
which the legislature could not change, but
were bound to respect and uphold. They were
forming the great Departments of Go/ernment,
the heads of which were to-be. the principal
ministers of State—a collective body of con-
fidential advisers of the President., and there-
fore called his Cabinet, and over whom it was
all-important he should possess the unchecked
power of removal. Without this he could not
execute the trust confided to him by the peo-
ple. Without this he could not beheld to just
accountability. Without this the impeaching
power would become what Jefferson declared
it had become in respect of the judges, less
than a scarecrow. Without this the Depart-
ments would rush into confusion and conflict
as dfertainly as the planets if not held strictly
to their orbits. Without this the disgrace, the *
danger, the injury which now impend over our
beloved country, from the divided counsels
which the Senate insist on maintaining in the
executive department, would be of frequent
recurrence.
Mr. Speaker, the words I have quoted from
the First Congress settle this question abso-
lutely, and demonstrate the utter unconstitu-
tionality of the act of 2d March, 1807. And
they were not the "big, swelling words" of
fanatics and demagogues, full of sound and
fury, signifying nothing, but the grave utter-
ances of venerable men, some of whom had
assisted to form the Federal Constitution, and
all of whom were very competent witnesses to
its contemporaneous construction. They were
the words and thoughts of men whose purpose
it was to build up a fabric of free Government
instead of tearing down every landmark and
safeguard of human liberty. '
This subject of removal came up again in
GeneralJackson's administration in 1834, and
in his protest of April 15 of that year there
is the same luminous statement of the argu-
ment and conclusive reasoning which charac-
terized all his State papers, showing that the
concurrent authority of Washington, of the
Senate, and the House had fixed the sense of
the Constitution and the practice of the Gov-
ernment from the year 1789 up to that time.
To that period we have now to add the years
that elapsed from 1834 to the passage of the
act of 1807, making in all seventy-eight years
of uniform practice upon this interpretation
of the Constitution.
Having now, sir, demonstrated from the
highest authority the world can afford that the
tenure-of-office bill is a gross violation of the
Constitution and an impeachable usurpation
of executive power by the legislative depart-
ment, I now say that, if the palpable uncon-
stitutionality of the enactment were not a
reason for the President disregarding it, it is a
final and conclusive reason against impeaching
him. But'a void law binds nobody ; and in the
first instance thePresident mustdetermine what
laws lie is bound to execute. The judicial de-
partment is the final arbiter of the constitu-
tionality of statutes, but necessarily the Exec-
utive must primarily pass upon the question,
subject always, of course, to the just responsi-
bilities of his office. If Congress, by a con-
stitutional majority, should require him to ab-
dicate the office, or to do any other thing which
! all sane men would agree was ultra vires, 1
j hold it would be his right and duty to disre-
! gard it in advance of a judicial decree. -Nor
i would a mere mistake in such a matter subject
him to impeachment, much less a disregard or a
! statute so manifestly unconstitutional that there
| is no room for mistake. He would rather ha\e
! been impeachable for executing such a law.
! I proceed now to show that Mr. Stanton
1 is not within the purview of that enactment.
He was appointed Secretary of War by Mr.
Lincoln, and continued m office under Mr.
Johnson without reappointment by him. He
was the incumbent when this law was enacted.
I have seen it stated without contradiction
that he advised the President it was uneonsti-
