isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407
ritory, to Helena, in Montana Territory; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PAYMENT OF MONTANA YOLUNTEEHS.
Mr. CAVAjSTAUGH also introduced a me-
morial from the Montana Legislature, asking
an appropriation for paying debts created in
raising Montana volunteers ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SALE OF LANDS UNDER INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. JULIAN" introduced a joint resolution
(H. P*. No. 259) relative to lands purporting
to have been sold under treaties with the Chero-
kee and other Indian tribes ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
ELIZABETH DESMOND.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1057)
for the relief of Elizabeth Desmond, of the
county of Washington, State of Maine, widow
of Patrick Desmond ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Invalid Pensions.
PORTRAIT OK PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. WARD introduced a joint resolution
(H. li. No. 260) for the purchase of a full-
length portrait of the late President Lincoln;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Library.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions having
been completed, the remainder of the morning
hour will be occupied in calling the States and
Territories for resolutions in the inverse order,
commencing with the State of Indiana, where
the call rested on the 23d of March last.
RECESS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I offer the
following concurrent resolution, and demand
the previous question thereon :
liewivcdbi/ the Home of llcprcxentafwee, (theSenate
concurring,) That at the adjournment on Friday, the
15th instant, a leccss be taken until Monday, the
26th instant.
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose that is in order
to enable us to take up the carpets.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Does it require ten
days to take up the carpets?
Mr. ROBINvSON. Is it to take up the car-
pet baggers? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Order.
Mr. UPSON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
<54, noes 5*2.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call for
tellers 011 that motion.
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas (52, nays 02, not voting 05 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Bloir, Boutwell, Broomall, Burr,
Churchill, Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Donnelly, Driggs, Ela,
Eiiot. Earnsworth, Ecny, Golladay. Gravely, Grovor,
Harding,Hunter, Johnson, Julian, Ivclscj,George V.
Lawrence. William Lawrcnce, Loan, Loughndge,
Slallory, Marvin, Moore, Morgan, Myers, Neweomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Poland, j
llaum, Sawyer, Scoheld, Shanks, Sitgrcaves, Aaron P.
Slovene, Thaddeus Stcvcnn, Taylor, Tiowbridge,
Twieheil, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Windom, and
Woodbridge—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell, Bcatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks,
Buekiand, Cake, Gary, Header W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Dodge, Eekley, Egglcston, Eldridge, Garfield,
Get/, llawkms, llolman, Hopkins, llotchkiss, Ches-
ter 1J. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Judd, Kerr,
Laflin, Lincoln, Logan, Marshall, McCarthy,Miller,
Moorhead, Morrcli, Mungen. ififelaek, Nunn, Peters,
Pile, Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Robinson, Smith, Spald-
ing, Stewait, Stokes, Stone, Thomas, John Trimble,
Van Aernam,Vnn Auken.Elihu 13. Wash burn e, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James P.
Wilson, and Woodward—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Delos B. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Barnes, Bamum,
Benton, Bromwcll, Butler, Chanier,Cornell, Covode,
Culloin, Dawes. Dixon, Eerriss, Field?, Einney, Pox,
Giosbbrennor. Griswold, Haight, Ilal&ey, Higby, HilJ,
Hooper. Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd.Ingersoll, Jones, Kelley.Keteham, Kitchen,
ICnott, Koontss, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, McCor-
mick, MeCullough, Mercur, Morrissey, Mullins,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson,
lio^s, Schenck. Sclye, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
Taber, Taffe, Lawrence S. Trimble, Cadwalader C.
Wnsliburn. William B. Washburn, Willi am Williams,
John T. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and Wood—65.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. DREGGS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table; and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put that
motion, but as the resolution is privileged it
would not prevent it from being offered again.
Mr. DltlGGS. If the resolution can be
renewed, I withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is privi-
leged, being in regard to adjournment.
Mr. DRIGGrS. Then I withdraw my motion.
SOUTHERN ELECTIONS.
Mr. COBURN. I offer the following res-
olution, upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the General of the Army be directed
to communicate to this House a statement ot the
number of votes east for and against the constitu-
tions of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Louisiana, and Alabama, respectively, at the recent
elections in said States.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Louisiana that the call should be made
through the Secretary of War. That has
hitherto been the usual course.
Mr. PARNSWOIITH. It is right enough
as it is.
Mr. COBURN. I decline to modify the
resolution. The General of the Army has pos-
session of this information.
Mr. BROOKS. Hitherto it has always been
the custom to call for information, not upon
military officers directly, but through the De-
partment of War.
Mr. PAINE. I object to debate.
Mr. COBURN. I will say that this inform-
ation is desired by the Reconstruction Com-
mittee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to—ayes
eighty-one. noes not counted.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WATCHMEN" IN PUBLIC GK0UNDS, ETC.
Mr. SHANKS. I offer the following reso-
lution for reference to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and upon it
I demand the previous question :
Jleaolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds bchcreby instructed toinquireinto the
expediency of providing by law for organi/ang under
the engineer department, instead ol any and all laws
now authorizing the employment of watchmen for
public buildmas and ground?, a corps of liffy, moie or
less, as may be neeo^-nry, manned, wounded, or dis-
abled Union soldiers of the late wai, who have been
honorably discharged from the military service, who
shall act as watchmen in the grounds of the Capitol,
the Executive Mansion, the Smithsonian Institution,
the Botanic Garden, the Aaiicultuial Department,
the Washington monument. La Payetle square,
Franklin square, Lincoln square, the Circle, and
such other public grounds and buildings as need
protection.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SIIANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by whiclr the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORADO EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I submit the following
joint resolution for consideration at the present
time, and upon it I call the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, under the
operation of the previous question.
t The joint resolution (H. II, No. 261) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish supplies
to an exploring expedition was received, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes and empowers the Secretary of War
to issue such commissary and quartermaster
stores to the expedition engaged in the explora-
tion of the river Colorado, under direction
of Professor Powell, as may be necessary to
enable the expedition to prosecute its work;
provided that such issue is not detrimental to
the military service.
Mr. GARFIELD. In explanation of this
joint resolution I would ask attention to the
following letters in my possession:
Illinois National History Society,
Normal, Illinois, April 2,1868.
General: A party of naturalists, under the aus-
pices of the State Normal University of Illinois,
wish to make a scientific survey of the Colorado
river of the West. This work, is to be a continuation
of work done last year in north, middle, and south
parks.
It is hoped that a survey of that river can be made
from its source to the point where the survey made
by Lieutenant Ives was stopped.
In addition to the general scientific survey a topo-
graphical survey of the region visited wilt be made.
The services of two civil engineers have been se-
cured for this purpose.
I most respectfully request that the proper officers
be instructed to issue rations t.o this party while thus
engaged, thepai ty to consistoi not more than twenty-
five persons.
1 need not urge upon your attention the import-
ance of the general scientific survey to the increase
of knowledge. It is believed that the grand canon
of the Colorado will give the best geological section
on t.he continent.
Nor is it necessary to plead the value to the War
Department of a topographical survey ot that won-
derful region, inhabited as it is by powerful tribes
of Indians, that will doubtless become hostile as the
prospector and the pioneer encroach upon their
hunting grounds.
You will also observe that the aid asked of the
Governraent is tiivial in comparison with what such
expeditions have usually cost it. The usual appro-
priation forsuch an exploration has been many thou-
sands of dollars.
I transmit herewith a copy of my "preliminary
report" to the Board of Education of the State of
Illinois on last year's work.
Invoking your tavorabic consideration of this re-
quest, I am, with great respect, your obedient ser-
vant, J. W. POWELL,
Secretary Illinois National History Society.
General U. S. Quant, Commanding U. Army.
War Department, April 21,1868.
A true copy. L. U. PEL0UZE,
Assistant Adjutant General.
I respectfully recommend that rations be ordered
to be issued to Major Powell and Ins party of twenty-
live men by Army commissaries whereon he may call
lor tlu*m while engaged in the exploration of the
Colorado liver or the West. The work is one of
national interest. U. S. CKANT,
Api U'6, 1868. Genet al.
Offick Commissary General Subststkvck,
April 6,1868.
Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, with
the 1 crn.u k that it is believed th.it " lations " cannot
be " issued''to the pal ty as requested without the
sanction of law, as its members are not the employes
of or in the service of the United States. It is re-
spectfully suggested that the only facilities tor their
subsistence they, thcpaity, can properly be accorded
from the Army subsistence stores is the authority to
purchase at the total cost to the United States, at the
point? of purchase, such subsistence stores as the
party may require when they can, in the judgment
of the commanding officer, be spared without detri-
ment to the full and proper subsistence of the troops.
If this is not deemed satisfactory to the principal of
the party it is respectfully suggested that he should
obtain the enactment of a law according him such
olher aid a,s he may seek. A, B. EATON,
Commibsary General of Subsistence.
War Department, AprilZl, 186s.
True copies. L. H. PEL0UZE,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Smithsonian Institution, April 11,1868.
My Dear Sir: Permit me to introduce to your
acquaintance the bearer of this note, Professor
ell, ofthe University of Illinois, and to eommendhis
petition to your favorable consideration, lie
organized a company of young men to explore tD®
region of the Colorado of the West and desires som
assistance from Government in the way of transpor
ation and subsistence. _ .
The expedition is purely one of scieiweand has no
relation to personal or 'ft™lhtetorv
intended to develop the geology, liie natuutt histon.
