THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
the people of this country either despair at the
theury of paper constitutions, which have been
derided by many foreign statesmen, or else an
attempt to establish new balances of power by
which, the poise of the different departments
being more firmly placed, one can be safe
against the other. But who can be wiser than
our fathers? Who can be juster than they?
Who can be more considerate or more disin-
terested than they? And if their descendants
have not the virtue to maintain what they so
wisely and so nobly established, how can these
same descendants hope to have the virtue and
the wisdom to make a better establishment for
their posterity?
Nay, Senators, I urge upon you to consider
whether you will not recoil from settling so
tremendous a subject under so special, so dis-
advantageous, so disastrous circumstances as
I have portrayed to you in the particular situ-
ation of these branches of the Government.
A stronger Executive, with an absolute veto,
with a longer term, with more permanent pos-
session and control of official patronage, will
be necessary for the support of this executive
department, if the wise and just and consider-
ate measure of our ancestors shall not prove,
in your judgment, sufficient; or, if that be dis-
tasteful, if that be unacceptable, if that be
inadmissible, then we must swing it all over
into the omnipotence of Congress, and recur
to the exploded experiment of the Confedera-
tion, where Congress was executive and legis-
lative, all in one.
There is one other general topic, not to be
left unnoticed for the very serious impression
that it brings upon the political situation which
forms the staple—1 must say it—of the pressure
on the part of the Managers to make out a
crime, a fault, a danger that should enlist your
action in the terrible machinery of impeach-
ment and condemnation. I mean the very
peculiar-political situation in the country itself
and in the administration of this Government
over the people of the country which has been
the womb from which has sprung this disorder
and conflict between the departments of the
Government. I can, I think, be quite brief
about it, and certainly shall not infringe upon
any of the political proprieties of the occasion.
The suppression of an armed rebellion and
the reduction of the revolted States to the
power of the Government, when the region
and tiie population embraced in the rebellion
were so vast, and the head to which the revolt
had come was so great, and the resistance so
continuous, left a problem of as great difficulty
in human alfairs as was ever proposed to the
actions of any Government. The work of
pacification would have been a severe task for
any Government after so great a struggle, when
so great passions were enlisted, when so great
wounds had been inflicted, when so great dis-
contents had urged the controversy, and so
much bitterness had survived its formal settle-
ment; but wonderful to say, with Jiis situation,
so diliicult as to surpass almost the powers of
Government as exhibited in any former in-
stance in the history of the world, there occurred
a special circumstance that by itself would
have tasked all the resources of statesmanship
under even a simple Government. I mean
the emancipation of the slaves, which had
thrown four millions of human beings, not by
the processes of peace but by the sudden blow
of war, into the possession of their freedom,
which had changed at once, against their will,
the relation of all the rest of the population to
these men that had been their slaves.
The process of adaptation of society and of
law to so giave a social change as that, even
when accomplished in peace, and when not
disturbed by the operations of war and by the
discontents of a suppressed rebellion, are as
much as any wisdom or any courage, or any
prosperity that is given to government, can
expect to ride through in safely and peace.
When, then, these two great political facts con-
cur and press upon the Government that is
responsible for their conduct, how vast, how
difficult, how intractable, and unmanageable
seems the posture!
But this does not represent the measure or
even the principal feature of the difficulty.
When the Government whose arms have tri-
umphed and suppressed resistance is itself, by
the theory and action of the Constitution, the
Government that by peaceful law is to main-
tain its authority, the process is simple ; but
under our complex Government, according to
the theory and the practice, the interests and
the feelings, the restored Constitution sur-
renders their domestic affairs at once to the
local governments of the people who have
been in rebellion. And then arises what has
formed the staple ol' our politics for the last
four years, what has tried the theory, the wis-
dom. the courage, tho patriotism of all. It is
how far under the Constitution as it stands the
General Government can exercise absolute
control in the transition period between war
and absolute restored peace, and how much
found to be thus unmanageable shall be com-
mitted to changes of the Constitution. And
when we understand that tho great contro-
versy in the formation of the Constitution it-
self was how far the General Government should
be intrusted with domestic concerns, and when
the final triumph and the general features of
the Constitution that the people of the States
were not willing, in the language of Mr. Ells-
worth, to intrust the General Government
with their domestic interests, we see at once
how wide, how dangerous, how difficult the
arena of controversy of constitutional law and
of difference of opinion as to what was or is
constitutional, and if it be not of what changes
shall be or ought to be made in the Constitu-
tion to meet the practical situation.
Then when you add to this that as people
divide on these questions, and as the practi-
cal forces on one side and the other are the
loyal masses and the rebel masses, whoever
divides from his neighbor, from his associate,
from his party adherents in that line of con-
stitutional opinion and in that line of govern-
mental action, which seems to press least
changes upon the Constitution and least con-
trol upon the masses lately in rebellion, will
be suspected and charged and named and
called an ally of traitors and rebels, you have
at once disclosed how our dangerous politics
have been brought to the head in which these
names of "traitor" and of "rebel," which
belong to war, have been made the current
phrases of political discussion.
I do not question the rectitude nor do I
question tho wisdom of any positions that have
been taken as matter of argument or as mat-
ter of faith or as matter of action in tho dis-
position of this peculiar situation. I only at-
tract your attention to the necessities and
dangers of the situation itself. We were in
the condition in which the question of the
surrender to the local communities of their
domestic affairs, which the order of the Con-
stitution had arranged for the peaceful situa-
tion, became impossible without the gravest
dangers to the State both in respect to the
public order and in respect to this changed
condition of the slaves.
In English history the Commons were urged,
after they had rejected the king from the Brit-
ish constitution and found the difficulty of
making things work smoothly, shire super au-
tiquas rias; but, said Sergeant ilaynard, "It
is not the question of standing upon the an-
cient ways, for we are not 011 them." The
problem of the Constitution is, as it was then,
how to get upon the ancient ways from these
paths that disorder and violence and rebellion
had forced us into; and here it, was that the
exasperations and the exacerbations of poli-
tics came up mingling with charges of infi-
delity to party and with treason, moral treason,
political treason, I suppose, to the State. How
many theories did we have?
In this Senate, if 1 am not mistaken, one
very influential and able and eloquent Senator
was disposed to press the doctrines of the Dec-
laration of Independence into being working
forces of onr constituted liberty, and a sort bf
pre-constitutional theory was adopted to suit-
the logical and political difficulties of the case.
In another House a great leader was disposed
to put it upon the transconstitutional necessi-
ties that the situation itself imposed in perfect
peace as in absolute and flagrant war. And
thus itwas that minds trained in the old school,
attached to the Constitution, unable as rheto-
ricians or as reasoners to adopt these learned
phrases and these working theories of pre-
coustitutional or transconstitutional authority
and obligation, were puzzled among the ruins
of society that the war had produced ; and
thus, as it seems to me, we find these concur-
ring dangers leading ever to an important and
necessary recognition by whoever has to deal
with them of the actual and practical influences
that they have upon the controversy.
And now let me urge here that all this is
within the province of politics; and a free
people are unworthy of their freedom and can-
not maintain it if their public men, their chosen
servants, are not able to draw distinctions be-
tween legal and constitutional offense and
odious or even abominable politics. Certainly
it is so. Idem sentire de republic<2, to agree
in opinion concerning the public interest, is
the bond of one party, and diversity from
those opinions the bond of the other; and
where passions and struggles of force in any
form of violence or of .impeachment as an
engine of power come into play, then freedom
has become license, and then party lias be-
come faction, and those who do not withhold
their hand until the ruin is accomplished will
be subject to that judgment that temperance
and fortitude and patience were not the ade-
quate qualities for their conduct in the situa-
tion in which they were placed. Oh, why not
wise enough to stay the pressure till adverse
circumstances shall not weigh down tho State?
Why not in time remember the political
wisdom—
" Beware of desperate steps. The darkest day,
Live till to-morrow, will have passed away."
I hold in my hand an article from the Trib-
une, written under the instructions of this
trial and put with great force and skill. I do
not propose to read it. I bring it here to show
and to say that it is an excellent series of ar-
ticles of impeachment against the President
of the United States within the forum of poli-
tics for political repugnancy and obstruction,
and an honest confession that the technical and
formal crimes included in these articles are of
very paltry consideration. That is an excel-
lent article of impeachment demanding by pro-
cess suitable to the forum an answer; and for
the discussions of the hustings and of the elec-
tion, there it belongs; there it must be kept.
But this being a court, we are not to be tried
for that in which wc are not inculpated. How
wretched the condition of him who is to be thus
oppressed by a vague, uncertain shadow which
he cannot oppose or resist! If the honorable
Managers will go back to the source of their
authority, if they will obtain what was once de-
nied them, a genera! and open political charge,
it may, for aught I know, be maintainable in
law; it may be maintainable in fact; but then
it would be brought here; it would be written
down: its dimensions would be kaolin and
understood; its weight would be estimated;
the answer could be made.
And then your leisure and that of the nation
being occupied with hearing witnesses about
political differences and the question of politi-
cal repugnance and obstruction upon the side
of the President, those who should be honored
with his defense in that political trial would at
least have the opportunity of reducing the force
of the testimony against them and ot bringing
opposing and contravening proofs ; and then,
at least, if you would have a political trial, you
would have it with name and with substance to
rest upon. But the idea that a President of
the United States is to be brought into the
procedure of this court by alimited accusation,
