34B2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a letter in my
hand from the Secretary, in which he desires
this amount, on account of the large increased
character of the business, for the employment
of some additional clerical force in the city of
Cincinnati, and the Committee on Finance
concluded to allow it, after examination.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Com-
mittee on Finance have examined the question
so as to be satisfied that that additional force
is necessary I submit it to the Senate without
opposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the committee, to
strike out " $10,200" and insert " $14,850."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the bill the following section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the provis-
ions of section ten of an act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposed,
approved March 2, 1867, be, and they aro hereby,
extended to one additional newspaperm the District
of Columbia from the date of the approval of said
act. the same to be selected by the Clerk of the House
of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations are now gone through with, with the
exception of the amendment which was passed
over on page 18, from line four hundred and
thirty-one to line four hundred and thirty-eight,
in relation to the clerks of the First Auditor
of the Treasury, which will now be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that be passed over
for the present. I have quite a number of
amendments to offer from the Committee on
Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be passed over if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have some
other amendments that I desire to offer. On
page 36, line eight hundred and eighty, I move
to strike out the words "chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks,_$3,500 for." That officer
receives compensation as an officer of the
Navy, and this appropriation is not necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 37,
line eight hundred and ninety-two, I move to
strike out the words "chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, $3,500."-.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. On page 37,
line nine hundred, I move to strike out the
■words, "chief of the Bureau of Navigation,
$3,500."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why do you strike those
out?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Because they
are officers of the Navy and get their pay in
that way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. _ MORRILL, of Maine. On page 38,
line nine hundred and six, I move to strike
out the words, "chief of the Bilreau of Ord-
nance, $3,500." •
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator that
by these amendments he leaves each clause to
read, ''for compensation of the chief clerk,"
&c., without specifying the bureau.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The words "of
the Bureau of Ordnance " should also be in-
serted in line nine hundred and seven, after the
words "chief clerk." I add thatto my amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask to have a
similar amendment made in the clauses relat-
ing to the Bureaus of Yards and Docks, Equip-
mentand Recruiting, and Navigation, by insert-
ing the title of the bureau after the words
" chief clerk."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 38,
line nine hundred and twenty-two, I move to
strike out the words, " chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering, $8,500," and to insert
after the words "chief clerk," inline nine
hundred and twenty-three, the words "of the
Bureau of Construction and Repair."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 38,
line nine hundred and twenty-two, I move to
strike out the words, " chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering, $3,500," and to insert
after the words "chief clerk," in line nine
hundred and twenty-three, the words " of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 38,
line nine hundred and twenty-nine, I move to
strike out the words "chief of the Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing, 3,500," and after the
words " chief clerk," in line nine hundred and
thirty-one to insert "of the Bureau of Provis-
ions and Clothing."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 3, line
fifty-two, in the clause " one special policeman,
$864," I move to strikeout "$864" and to
insert " $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page twenty,
line four hundred and seventy-nine, I move to
strike out "four" where it first occurs, andto
insert "five."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
that clause.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will it cover that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; then
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report quite a num-
ber of amendments to this bill, ana I will com-
mence on page 20. In line four hundred and
seventy-seven 1 move to strike out "seven"
and insert "nine;" in line four hundred and
seventy-nine I move to strike out "twenty-
four" and insert " fortyin line four hundred
and eighty I move to strikeout the words "four
of them transferred from Third Auditor's of-
fice;" in line four hundred and eighty-one I
move to strike out "thirty" and insert "thirty-
seven;" in lines four hundred and eighty-three
and four hundred and eighty-four I move to
strike out the words in parenthesis "including
additional to two clerks of class three trans-
ferred to class four;" and at the end of the
clause I move to strike out "$191,060" and
to insert "$229,100;" so that the clause, if
thus amended, will read :
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treasury,
for the Post Office Department, chief clerk, nino
clerks of class four, (additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk,) forty clerks of class three,
sixty-four clerks of class two, thirty-seven clerks of
class one, one messenger, one assistant messenger,
and eleven laborers, employed in his office, in all
$229,160.
Mr. POMEROY. Hasthatamendmentbeen
before the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. An amend-
ment covering much broader ground has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and I have consulted with the chairman of that
committee about it; but instead of offering
the amendment in broad terms, as I proposed
to do, I will take it up in detail, changing and
modifying the bill so as to meet the case. The
amendments I shall offer are not quite so
extensive as the Finance Committee reported.
This identical matter has been submitted to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POME BOY. If the rule has been com-
plied with, I have no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We had notice
of the amendment, and considered it.
Mr. SHERMAN, if any Senator desires
an explanation of this amendment, I have here
a long letter from the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, which can be
read._ The Committee on Finance have exam-
ined ^t carefully. This amendment continues
the present force.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to inquire
whether it provided for any -increase of the
present force?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. There has been before
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
an application for some offieer there to be paid
an additional salary, who should have charge
of the foreign mails.
Mr. SHERMAN. This has nothing to do
with that. That relates to the Post Office De-
partment ; this is in regard to the Auditor in
the Treasury. Department.
ifr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amendment
does not provide for any additional force. It
simply makes a provision that the Committee
on Appropriations did not feel that they had
any authority to make without its coming from
the Committee on Finance. •
Mr. POMEROY. While this clause pro-
vides for the office of an Auditor of the Treas-
ury, he is the Auditor who audits the accounts
of the Post Office Department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 23, line five hun-
dred and forty-two, I move to strike out" six "
and to insert "eight," before "million," so
that the clause will read:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, revenue agents, inspectors, ana
superintendents of exports and drawbacks, together
with the expense of carrying into effect the various
provisions of the several acts providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise estimated for,
$8,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is quite an im-
portant amendment. I should like to hear an
explanation of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain it. The
gresent expenditures of the Internal Revenue
bureau are something over nine million dollars.
The estimates for this year were $9,000,000 ;
but the Committee on Appropriations of the
House of Representatives, without having any
official information on the subject, went upon
the supposition that the reduction of the rev-
enue would, as a matter of course, reduce the
expenditures. Careful examinations have been
had on this subject, and I will read what is
said by Mr. Rollins in regard to it. Senators
will observe that this item covers the salaries
and expenses of collectors, assessors, and tlfd
army of officials employed by the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau. Mr. Rollins i
The amount actually drawn from the Treasury
thus far during the present fiscal year to meet the
expense of assessing and collecting the revenue has
been at the rate of about nine million dollars per
annum. Should the changes which I understand the
Committee of Ways and Moans to favor be incor-
porated into the statute, I cannot think that the
expenditures would be more than
§800,000. ^ The receipts last year were, in round num-
bers, $2C>5,000,000, and the estimated receipts under
the proposed changes are somewhere about one
hundred and sixty million dollars, making a reduc-
tion of some forty per cent.; but it will be at one©
apparent that the expenses of assessment and col-
lection cannot be reduced in the same ratio. Assess-
ors and collectors are paid a salary of $1,500 per
annum, and, in addition to this, a commission de-
creasing as the collections of the several districts
increase. It is presumed that there will be no reduc-
tion in the salaries paid to these officers, and, as the
rate of commissions decreases with an increase of the
amount collected, a diminution of collections can-
not result m a corresponding diminution of commis-
sions. J?he amount paid for rent of offices cannot be
materially reduced, and many other incidental ex-
penses will be as great when small amounts are col-
lected as now. In some of the city districts there oan
be under the proposed changes a reduction in the
number 01 assistant assessors, but in a large portion
oi the country at present there is but one assistant
assessor tor a county, and in some eases one of these
oiiicers attends to two or three counties. Of course,
so long as taxes are to be collected from distillers ana
browers, or in factso long as taxes of any kind are to
be collected, an assistant assessor cannot effectually
supervise much more territory than hedoes at present.
# It is understood to be the intention of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to recommend the imposi-
tion of a light tux upon sales upon many of the
manufacturers whose products are exempted from
the excise tax to which they have heretofore been
subject, and it is evident that the expense of assessing
a tax of one tenth or one half of one per cent, will be
great as that of assessing a tax of five per cent.
W hile the amount of work to be performed by rev-
enue officers will somewhat diminish, I cannot think
the redaction of expenses can safely bo estimated at
more than ^OCMX*)."
