THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
FOKTIETH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 2, 1867.
This being the day prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States for the meeting of
Congress, the Senate assembled in the Senate
Chamber, in the Capitol, at the city of Wash- J
ington, at twelve o'clock m. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore (Hon. Ben-
jamin F. Wade) having declared the first session
of the Fortieth Congress adjourned without day,
added : The time having arrived, also, when the
second session ot the Fortieth Congress is to
assemble, Senators will please come to order.
senators present.
The following Senators were present: From
the State of
Maine—Hon. William Pitt Fessenden and
Hon. Lot M. Morrill.
Xcw Hampshire—Hon. James AY. Patterson.
Vermont—Hon. George F. Edmunds and
Hon. .Justin S. Morrill.
Massachusetts—lion. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. James Dixon and Hon.
Orris S. Ferry.
Xeic York — Hon. Itoscoe Conkling and
Hon. Edwin D. Morgan.
'New Jersey—Hon. Alexander G. Cattell and
Hon. Frederick T. Frelinghuysen.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Charles 11. Buckalew
and Hon. Simon Cameron.
Delaware—Hon. James A. Bayard.
Maryland—Hon. Reverdy Johnson.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Ben-
jamin F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Thomas A. Hendricks and
Hon. Oliver P. Morton.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull and Hon.
Richard Yates.
Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis.
Tennessee—Hon. Joseph S. Fowler and Hon.
David T. Patterson.
Missouri—Hon. Charles D. Drake and Hon.
John B. Henderson.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler and
Hon. Jacob M. Howard.
Wisconsin—Hon. James R. Doolittle.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hob.
James Harlan.
Minnesota—Hon. Daniel S. Norton and
Hon. Alexander Ramsey.
California—Hon. Cornelius Cole and Hon.
John Conness.
Oregon—-Hon. Daniel Corbett and Hon.
George H. Williams.
Kansas — Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy and
Hon. Edmund G. Ross.
West Virginia—Hon. Peter G. Van Winkle
and Hon. Waitman T. Willey.
40tii Coxa. 2d Rns's.—No. 1.
[ Nevada—Hon. James W. Nye and Hon.
William M. Stewart.
Nebraska—Hon. John M. Thayer and Hon.
Thomas W. Tipton.
notification of organization.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that a quorum of the Senate has
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proceed
to business.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed, to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of each House has assembled, and
that Congress is ready to recoiveany communication
he may be pleased to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. AxTiioxYand Mr. Hendricks as the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
hour of.^ltetrxg. .
On motion of Mr. ANTlIONYfjt was
Ordered, That the. hour of the daily mooting of the
Senate be twelve o^cloek meridiafi until, otherwise
ordered. .
s ' recess j.
Mr. ANTHOcNY, (afteiva pause.) I move
that the Senatet&ke a recess until one o'clock.
The motion wa^agreed to.
The PliESIDENTjpro tempore again called
the Senate to order at one o'clock.
message from this house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Edward McPiikusox. its Clerk,
announced that a quorum of the House of Rep-
resentatives was assembled and that the House
was ready to proceed to business.
The message also announced that the House
had appointed Messrs. E. B. Washburne of
Illinois, Mr. N. P. Banks of Massachusetts,
and Mr. J. V. L. Pnuyxof New York, a com-
mittee on the part of the House to join the
committee appointed by the Senate to wait on
the President of the United States and inform
him that u quorum of each House is assembled,
and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make.
taxes on judicial salaries.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jifftohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether any part of
the salary of any judge of any court of the United
States has been withheld by the Treasury Depart-
ment for taxes, and if so by what authority the same
has been withheld.
indian policy.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution forconsideration ; which wasordercd
to lie on the table and be printed:
lietolwd, T-hait the Committed op Indian Affair* be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of adopting
the following as the future policy of the Government
toward the Indian?, excepting thosend# on reserva-
tions and those who have adopted the customs of
civilization:
1. To provide for said Indians two reservations of
suitable size and productiveness to contain and sup-
port tliein, one on the castside of the ItocUy mount-
ains for all the Indians between said mountain1* and
the Mississippi river; the other on the west side of
tlio Rocky mountains for ail the Indians between
said mountains and British Columbia.
2. To make no further recognition of their distinct
nationalities by treating with tribes and bands or the
heads of tribes and bands, to make no turther recog-
nition of their right to the country .over which they
roam by purchasing or proposing to purchns^ the
same; to make no fuithcr promise for payment to
them of money, property, or annuities in any shape
or form.
3. To make it known to all of said Indians a« the
i! settled and inflexible policy of thoGovernracnt that
|j they are to go uponsaid reservations-, to be there pro-
11 vided for, protected, and taught the nrts of civilized
j! lite; and to make it further known and understood
I; by said Indians that they are to have no alternative
i! but to choose between thispoliey of the Government
jj and extermination.
l| 4. To provide that all Indians, without respect to
i' their tribal relations, voluntarily surrendering tliem-
i selves or cap:ured in war shall be taken, plat ed, and
i; kept on said rc-'n vations, to be the wards of the Gov-
i ernment, controlled and managed at its discretion.
o. To provide that all exisring Indian superintend-
ence, agencies and reservations shall be dispensed
with as soon as practicableaiid the Indiansconnectcd
therewith consolidated wilh theothcrsupon said res-
ervations.
assistant secretary 01' the treasury.
Mr. THAYEIl. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Ilesolvecl, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be
directed to inlorm the Senate if Edmund Cooper did
assume the duties of the office of Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury upon the 30th of November, and if so
under what law or by what authority, if any, he was
allowed to do so.
I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. tfl'CKALEW. 1 object.
The PilESJ DENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
bills introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 15G) to establish a National School of
Mines ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the bill be
printed and referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
no committees appointed for thi« session. The
bill, perhaps, had better He 01^ the table at
present. The order to print will be made if
there be no objection.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing Rear Ad-
miral H. K. Thatcher to accept a decoration
from the king of the Hawaiian Islands : which
was read twice by its title and ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FQWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
