1868.
the congressional globe.
4457
elected in February, a month before. Now, if
we go back to tliS time when the men were
elected, it would establish an inequality be-
tween that House and this. That is very clear.
Take the State of Kentucky, where they elect
in August; in California they elect in Septem-
ber. Nobody doubts that their pay goes back
to the time when the Congress begins ; and it
you take the date of election the members of
the other House would not draw their pay from
the time when this Congress commenced, the
4th of March. Now, we certainly ought not
to establish a rule here which will lead to an
inequality between the members ot the two
Houses.
Mr. HENDKICKS. I do not care about
adopting that rule. I guess the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky is nearly light.
1 am willing to vote lor that, and that will bo
uniform in regard to all these parties ; but I
wish to state a difference between this and the
Tennessee case. We recognized by the res-
olution admitting Tennessee to representation
her right to representation at the time the Sen-
ators were elected, and for a period before that.
I think if Senators will look back to the pre-
amble of the resolution they will see that Con-
gress by that resolution recognized the right of
Tennessee to representation for a period before
the time that those Senators drew their pay ;
and, as a matter of fact, those Senators were
here, I think, for about fourteen months asking
their seats. We finally gave them their seats
and went back of their election two months. I
expect that was a mistake to that extent; but
certainly they were entitled to pay from the
time of their election, which was fourteen
months before they took their seats; and the
time covered by the pay is recognized as within
the time when they were entitled to represent-
ation.
Mr. STEWART. If it is in order, I move
to amend the amendment by making the pay
begin at the commencement of the present
session of Congress. It seems to me that there
is a principle in that. Many of the members
of Congress were elected during the winter,
and the House will apply the same rule. Cer-
tainly this will come within the rule in the
Tennessee case, and will come within a safe
precedent for the construction of the rule as
given by the Senator from Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly it will come within that; and I think
that "is about fair. I move that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
to strike out the words "the Fortieth Con-
gress" and insert "the present session of
Congress."
Mr. DRAKE. They were not elected until
June. „ , TT
Mr. STEWART. The members of the House
were elected in March.
Mr. DRAKE. Let the House settle that
matter for themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see no sort of con-
sistency in the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada. If we are going back at all, we may
just as well go back to the commencement of
the present Congress. The idea upon which
we have always proceeded in these cases, since
we have had a salary, is when there is a va-
cancy to pay from the time it occurred : but
that was where the State itself was entitled to
representation. Here in these cases we ha\e
adopted throughout on this side of the Chamber
entirely different principles. We have said that
these States were not entitled to representation,
and we have said that they were out of practi-
cal relations to the Union, so that they could
not be represented in Congress. Therefore
that idea fails entirely, and if we pay these
gentlemen from the time of the eommence-
ment of Congress, or from the time of the
commencement of the present session, we are
just giving the lie to all we have said. We
are acting upon one principle with regard to
admission and another principle with regard
to pay. 1 am unwilling to put myself m tuat
category.
I do not see any objection to the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, be-
cause it assumes that they were entitled to
representation from that particular date, and [
am perfectly willing to take it, although I think
the more proper principle to adopt would be
from the date of the adoption of the fourteenth
article, which fixes the right of representation
from that time, and up to which time we did
not recognize the right as existing. However,
the difference is so small that I am perfectly
willing to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. YATES. I do not understand myself
that there has been any particular rule on the
subject. My understanding of the practice is
that where there is a vacancy by death, resig-
nation. or for any other reason, the person
who fills the office is entitled to the pay from
the time that vacancy occurs. That is a pos-
itive law, as the Senator from Missouri well
remarked? Are we to go back, in fixing the
salary or the compensation of Senators, and
determine the question whether the State was
entitled to representation or not? Are we sup-
posed to be governed by any sueh considera-
tion as that? The question simply is: were
the States represented? Were there Senators
in Congress from those States? Has there
been a vacancy? Who now fills the vacancy?
Who occupies the places which should have
been occupied by the Senators from those
States? That is the question, and the only
question.
I am utterly opposed to applying any tech-
nical rules to the Senators elected from these
newly-reconstructed States, and going back to
decide the question raised by the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator from Kentucky,
whether they are right in their views that the
States were in the Union or not. I believe
that when a party like ourselves have the
power we should be governed by rules of our
own construction and the rules of justice.
These States have not been represented; the
Senators are here filling the time and the
peiiod for which they should have been repre-
sented, and I am for paying them for the time
named in the original resolution; that is, from
the commencement of the fortieth Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
one question, then. Some of them come here
merely to fill out a vacant term that has been
vacant all the time. For instance, they come
here during the third Congress of the term
instead of first. Nobody was here from the
State at the first, and nobody at the second.
Why nof pay them for all the terms?
Mr. YATES. I say there never lias been
any rule on the subject; and I say that a nar-
row construction should not be applied tothe
Senators elected to fill vacancies of this kind.
These Senators are here representing States
which should have been represented; and now
I do not propose to go back and apply the
doctrines of President Johnson and the Sena-
tor from Indiana and the Senator Irom Ken-
tucky, and say we will cut off our own Sena-
tors who come here and are entitled to the pay
while these States were not represented. There
is no justice in it; there is no propriety in it.
We shall deserve the contempt and the censure
of the country it we yield to any such doc
trine as that, according to my notion. If we
adopt the rule that they shall be squared down
and measured down to the very days that they
S have been here since they have taken their
j seats it will be a new rule, a rule which luis
i never been applied heretoiove. I hope the
' Senate will allow these men to receive their
compensation in accordance with tne precedent
heretofore adopted by the Senate. There is
no use, to my notion, of hesitating about a
matter of justice and propriety, as I say this
is. I cannot see any reason whatever for hesi-
tation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Will the Senator allow
me to read a section of the existing law on this
subject of compensation?
Mr. YATES. I am through.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This is the law:
"It shall be the duty of the Scrgeant-at-Armsof
the Ifouso unci Secretary of the Senate, respectively,
to deduct from the monthly payments of members
herein provided"—
Providing that the salaries shall be paid
month by month—
"for the amount of his compensation for each day
that such member shall be absent irom the xlouse or
Senate, respectively, unless such representative.
Senator, or Delegate shall assign as a reason of sncn
absence the sickness of himself or some member ot
his family."
Does the Senator from Illinois perceive that
a member from a State entitled to representa-
tion who did not attend at the first session of
this Congress in March, April, July, and No-
vember would get no pay at all, and a member
from a State not entitled to representation who
did not attend under his doctrine would get
pay for the whole time? Can anything be
more absurd under the laws that regulate this
subject? .
Mr. YATES. The States were not entitled
because of the prevalence of such doctrines as
those contended for by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. They were entitled to representation;
they would have been represented but for the
Democratic party; and now, in behalf of the
Republican party, I contend that the men who
fill these vacancies should be paid.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. DRAKE. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Cleik proceeded to call the roll,
and at the conclusion of the call read the list,
which was as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Buekalew, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle,
Drake Ferry, Fessenden, rreliiighuysen, Harlan,
Henderson, Hendricks, llowe, jUeOreery, .Morrill ol
Maine, Sprague, Sumner, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Catteil, Chand-
ler, Cole, C'onkling, Conness, Harris, !<ye. Patteison
of NewHampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Itiee. Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, and. Yates 21.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise to a question of
order or of parliamentary law. The members
whose compensation is voted upon cannot vote;
but some of them have voted on this amend-
ment. _ ,
1 suppose it was by inadvertence, i am not
care to interrupt the roll-call. _ I make the
point, however, before the result is announced.
Under the rules 110 member of the body can
vote 011 a question in which he is directly
interested
Mr. ANTHONY. According to that point
I should like to know how any Senator or Rep-
resentative could vote on the question ot in-
creasing his salary, as we did two or three
years ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no rule on the subject.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Do I understand the
Chair to decide against the point of order? I
should like to have the rule or the principle
of parliamentary law read. _
The PRESIDENTjM-o tempore. _ The Chair
does not understand that there is any rule
about it. Senators vote on the question of
fixing their own pay, and have raised their pay
since I have been a member here two or three
times, and all voted 011 the question. _
Mr.' BUCKALEW. I submit to the Chair
that it is a different question. Of course we
vote general appropriation laws and geneia^
i laws fixing compensation; but this is a reso u
| tion of the Senate voting specifically cerU
' pay to certain members. n! •„
'The PRESIDENT j -o tempore. The Chair
will submit the question to deepen 0 •
Senate. It is one not embraced . any of our
rules. The question is whethei it 13 111 oifler
