1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
In addition to that the new tax bill now
pending in the House of Representatives,
which will pass in some form, will largely
increase the machinery for collecting the tax
on whisky and tobacco, and will, no doubt,
add to the product of the tax. The estimate
of Mr. Rollins is that the amount of the ex-
penditures will be at least $8,200,000. The
Committee on Finance concluded to appro-
priate $8,000,000. I have a letter also from
the Secretary of the Treasury, stating that if
only $6,000,000 were appropriated undoubt-
edly the amount would be exhausted by next
winter, and a deficiency would have to be
called for. I see no object in the world, as
the mere amount of the appropriation cannot
limit the amount of expenditures, in cutting
down the amount in this way. We might as
well make an appropriation sufficient to cover
the expenditures. As the expenditures are
regulated by law and the amount of the sal-
aries, and the commissions and the expenses
of the offices are fixed by law, there can be no
object in cutting down the mere aggregate
of appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not a portion of
the $8,000,000 go to pay special agents and
others appointed ad, libitum f
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is not fixed by
law, because the Secretary of the Treasury
may appoint as many agents as he pleases
and pay them what he pleases.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are probably three
or four hundred officers whose pay is not fixed
by law. I think the pay of some of those spe-
cial agents is fixed by law. At any rate, the
whole thing is regulated by law. The law in
that case authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make certain allowances, and they all
come out of this fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The more we appro-
priate the more of these persons may be em-
ployed. My understanding is that there is no
limitation upon this authority. The Senate
passed a bill some months ago, I think, limit-
ing the number of special agents to be employed
in the Departments, and regulating the subject;
but it has never passed the other House, and
has not become a law. My understanding is
that the Secretary is exercising the authority,
either with or without law, to appoint special
agents and fix their compensation, and that we
have these agents all over the United States.
Now, if we appropriate $8,000,000 instead of
$6,000,000, we know that the pressure will be
very great to get these places, and very likely
a great many more will be appointed than
would be if a less amount was appropriated.
Mr. SHERMAN. That does not follow at
all. This is a fund set apart for the payment
of the compensation of collectors and assess-
ors and all expenses of the internal revenue.
If Congress has been unwise in allowing the
appointment of special agents to too great a
number, Congress should change that law ; but
as a matter of course that will not affect the
amonnt to be appropriated. The Committee
on Finance took a business view of the sub-
ject. My own impression is that the expense
of collecting the revenue will come to about
nine millions probably next year, as this year,
and a deficiency will be called for; but it is
utterly idle to cut down the appropriation from
nine to six millions without any reason. Expe-
rience has shown that $9,000,000 is required
to carry on that service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The estimates
for this year are $9,000,000. The appropria-
tion last year was $6,000,000. The House of
Representatives, in presenting the bill to the
Senate, followed the appropriation of last
year. The Senator from Ohio perhaps knows,
but I do not, whether the $0,000,000 last year
was found to be adequate for that service.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; there was a
deficiency. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not tlnnk
there has been any deficiency this year; and
unless there was a surplus from a former year,
it would appear that the inference which the i
House drew from the fact that $6,000,000 was
appropriated last year for this service without
any application for a deficiency bill this year
was justified. The Committee on Appropria-
tions had no information on this subject except
a letter from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, such as Jias been read by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. I rise only*
to say, therefore, in justification of the action
of the Committee on Appropriations, that
finding that the appropriation last year was
$6,000,000, and that no deficiency was asked
for this year, and not being apprised that the
services of this Department for this year are
any larger than those of last year, we very
readily accepted the proposition from, the
House, and took it this year at what it was
last year.
Then there is another consideration about
it which I submit to the Senator from Ohio,
and that is, that we are to meet together again
in December, and if it should be found then
that this fund of $6,000,000 is running short
an application for an increase can then be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. The report of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shows that the
expense last year was a little over nine million
dollars. For the current year now running
on I have already read the statement of the
Commissioner, that the expenditures are on
the basis of about nine million dollars. It is
not worth while for us to appropriate much
less. We propose to appropriate $8,000,000;
and, indeed, I have no doubt that a deficiency
will be called for, even with that sum. It
is scarcely worth while to make appropriations
with a view to deficiency bills. We had better
appropriate at once what is sufficient. Let
me say here that there is no country in the
world where the same amount of internal rev-
enue and excise is collected at so cheap a rate
as in this country. The entire expense of col-
lecting our internal revenue is less than four
per cent.—between three and four per cent.
In England it is over six per cent. A great
deal of misapprehension exists in the public
mind in regard to the expense of collecting
our internal revenue. The expense of collect-
ing the internal revenue is a little less pro
rata than the expense of collecting customs,
although the great body of them is collected
in the single port of New York, the entire
expense being about nine million dollars for
collecting about two hundred and sixty-five
million dollars of internal revenue, and the
expense of collecting customs being about the
same—nine million dollars—for collecting a
much smaller sum in gold. I merely make
that observation in passing to show that this
sum is not at all out of the way.
Mr. POMEROY. There are districts where
the expense does not exceed one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. That maybe; but I am
taking the whole country together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 23, line five hun-
dred and fifty-four, I move to strike out the
word "ten" and insert "one hundred." It
is evidently a mistake.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ithinktliatisso.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
amendment be reported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
state first how that happened. This is the
appropriation for the contingent fund for the
Treasury Department. Heretofore the contin-
gent fund has been divided between the Treas-
ury proper and the heads of the various bureaus.
Now they are all put under the head ot the
Department, and I think very properly so ; and
the estimate was $136,200. We struck out the
appropriation for the bureaus, and gave the
entire sum to the head of the Department for
distribution among the bureaus, holding him
responsible instead of the heads of the bureaus.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 23, line five hundred and fifty-four, to
strike out "ten" and insert "one hundred"
before the word "thousand."
Mr. CONNESS. How will it read then ?
The Chief Clerk. The clause, if amended,
will read as follows:
For incidental and contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the several bureaus, including copying, labor, bind-
ing. sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire for prepar-
ing and collecting information to be laid before
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, #100,000.
Mr. CONNESS. And the bill now reads
"$10,000?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must not
suppose that this is an increase. Formerly we
used to appropriate for the contingent expenses
of each bureau; but here they are all put
together. It is probably a less amount than is
usually appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is something
like $36,200 less.
The amendment was agreed to..
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 23, after line
five hundred and fifty-seven, I move to insert
the following:
lfor temporary clerks in the Treasury Depart-
ment, $150,000: Provided, That the Secretary of tha
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, in his dis-
cretion, to classify the clerks according to fcho char-
acter of their services.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that, an increase?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it is a little less
than it was. I will explain the matter to the
Senate so that they will understand it. The
ordinary appropriation for temporary clerks and
for the extra allowance to officers is $210,000.
We had a good deal of controversy here two
or three times about this item, especially the
extra allowance to officersand employes. Early
this session a bill was introduced and referred
to the Committee on Finance reorganizing the
Treasury Department, which would absorb this
item, and which provided for a redistribution
of the employes of the Treasury Department;
but the Committee on Finance, after some con-
sideration, concluded that now was not a favor-
able time for the reorganization of the Treasury
Department. That bill generally increased the
compensation of the employes. It will, how-
ever, be necessary for the present to keep up
an appropriation for temporary clerks. Every
one of these clerks is now employed. They
are divided among the different bureaus. The
great body of them, I believe, are now in the
Second Auditor's office and the other Auditors'
offices. They are all now employed, and prob-
ably a greater number than this appropriation
provides for would be required. It is neces-
sary to keep up this appropriation. I have
here letters without number that I could read
to the Senate upon it. I have a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury stating that he
cannot get along without these clerks; and I
have no doubt of the fact. The Committee on
Appropriations examined it, and I believe they
are satisfied of the fact. I have nothing further
to say in regard to it. It is a matter of which
every Senator can judge as well as I.
It must be remembered that the Treasury
Department are now discharging duties grow-
ing out of the war. The House Committee on
Appropriations cut down this bill upon the
basis of expenditures before the war. That
might possibly be correct as to some of the
Departments, but it is not as to the Treasury
Department. The great mass of accounts that
sprang up during the war are now going through
the different offices there. It is necessary to
preserve and continue the war force until those
claims are disposed of. In my judgment, with-
out additional clerical force beyond what was
fixed as the regular force before the war, it is
impossible to carry on the operations of the
Treasury Department. . .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose it is
of any avail to try to resist an appropriation
for anything that "is asked for by the treasury
Department. This isan old acquaintance under.
