1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Maryland and
of the House to this fact that this resolution
provides that this clerk shall receive two dol-
lars a day more than other clerks.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was about to call atten-
tion to that fact myself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would not object
if all the other clerks received the same pay.
Mr. THOMAS. The reason for offering six
dollars a day instead of four is to be found in
the fact" that this clerk will have a short lime
of seTvice. lie will have to make the neces-
sary preparations to perform the duty and yet
not be required to be in service more than
thirty days. That was the reason for making
it six dollars a day.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "six" and
insert " four."
Mr. THOMAS. I do not yield for that
amendment. 1 will modify the resolution by
striking out "six" and inserting "tive."
Mr. ROSS. I think four dollars is enough.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I rise to inquire for in-
formation whether this resolution calls for a
clerk independent of the stenographer fur-
nished by the House to each committee ?
Mr. THOMAS. It does.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There is a stenographer
to be furnished and then a clerk beside ?
Mr. THOMAS. There is not to be a stenog-
rapher especially appoi.iwd for this commit-
tee. There are stenographers appointed upon
whom investigating committees can call when
their services are required. This committee
proposes to have a clerk to take charge of their
papers and to keep a journal of their pro-
ceedings. That is the object of the resolution.
The House will understand that the stenogra-
phei is no additional expense.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Is there not an expense
for this clerk in addition to the stenographer
furnished by the House to take testimony? I
understand it is proposed to have a clerk inde-
pendent of this stenographer.
Mr. THOMAS. I believe that every mem-
ber of t his House is familiar with this machin-
ery, and each gentleman will vote most agree-
ably to himself. I demand the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I want the gentleman
to give us information as to the necessity for
the employment of this clerk.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. THOMAS. I do not.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The rules provide for
each committee a stenograper to transcribe the
evidence. This committee is appointed for a
special purpose, to take testimony and report
it to this House, and I can see no necessity for
a clerk in addition to a stenographer.
Mr. GARFIELD. No stenographer acts as
a clcrk.
Mr. THOMAS. I do not suppose there is a
member who does not understand the necessity
for this clerk. I insist on the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. "HARDING-. I ask that the resolution
be divided.
The SPEAKER. It is not susceptible of
division.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. THOIIAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KECONSTItUCTION.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the Governor of
Texas; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
NORTH CAROLINA AND LOUISIANA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives :
I transmit to Congress the accompanying docu-
ments, which embrace all the papers that have been
submitted to mo relating to the proceedings to which
they refer in the States of North Carolina and Louis-
iana. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 11,1863.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the
message and accompanying papers were re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction, and
ordered to be printed.
SALE OF PUBLIC VESSELS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following mes-sage from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith reports from the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Secretary of the Navy, prepared
in compliance with a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 12th of December last, requesting
information respecting thesale of public vessels sinee
the close of the rebellion. No report upon the sub-
ject has yet been received from the Department of
War. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 8,1868.
Oil motion of Mr. PIKE, the message was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIKE. I move that five hundred extra
copies be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion goes to the
Committee on Printing.
DESTITUTE SEAMEN AEKOAD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Houie of Representatives :
I transmit to the House of Representatives, in
answer to their resolution of the 14th ultimo, a re-
port from the Secretary of State, with accompany-
ing papers. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. 0., May 9,1868.
The SPEAKER. The accompanying report
is from the United States consul at London,
Hon. Freeman H. Morse, in relation to the
rights of destitute seamen.
The message and accompanying report were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON CITY OIIARTKU.
Mr. WELKER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 475, to extend the charter of Washington
city; also to regulate the selection of officers,
and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections,
if any.
The bill was read. It continues in force for
one year, or until Congress shall by law de-
termine otherwise, an act entitled "An act to
continue, alter, and amend the charter of the
city of Washington," approved May 17, 1818,
and the«several amendments thereof now in
force.
Section two provides that it shall be the duty
of the mayor of the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, the board of aldermen, and
the board of common council thereof, to
assemble in joint convention at the City Hall
in said city oil the first Tuesday of the first
month after the passage of this act, and proceed
to select by ballot all officers whose appoint-
ments, upon the nomination of the mayor, are
now authorized by the charter, or by any law
of the United States, or actor ordinance of said
city, or which may hereafter be authorized
thereby, who shall hold their offices, respect-
ively, for one year, and until a successor is
appointed; and on the same day of the month
in each year thereafter the joint convention
shall proceed to a new selection, provided
that no person shall be regarded as incompe-
tent to hold any of said offices or be disquali-
fied therefor who is a qualified elector in said
District.
Section three provides that in all the meet-
ings of the mayor of the city of Washington
and of the boards of aldermen and common
council for the purposes mentioned in the sec-
ond section of this act the mayor or the presi-
dent of either of said boards shall preside, and
the secretaries of said boards shall act as tell-
ers, and keep a record of the proceedings, aud
the mayor or any member of either of said
boards may nominate one or more persons
for the offices required t,o be filled, and ihe
person having the highest number of votes
shall be publicly declared selected, and a cer-
tificate of his election shall within five days be
made out and be signed by the presiding officer
and secretaries and be transmitted to the per-
sons selected, who shall within ten days there-
after enter on the discharge of the duties of his
office, which shall be immediately vacated by
any person then holding the same.
Section four provides that, all questions aris-
ing in the joint convention authorized by this
act shall be determined by a majority of the
votes of the members thereof present at any of
its meetings; and it shall have power to adjourn
from time to time until all the duties imposed
upon it shall be completed, and to require of
the persons selected for any office such security
as may be deemed necessary. And in the evenu
of any vacancy from disability, death, or resig-
nation, it shall be the duty of the mayor to call
a meeting of the joint convention to select a
successor for the unexpired term of service.
Section five provides that when the mayor,
boards of aldermen, and common council shall
be assembled in joint convention, as provided
for in this act, they shall by a majority vote
designate a bank in which the various moneys
of the city of Washington shall be deposited;
and they shall make such regulations in rela^
tion to the mode in which such funds shall be"
kept and paid out as shall be deemed advis-
able for the interests of the city; and within
five days after such designation a certificate of
the bank selected shall be made out and placed
in the hands of the president or cashier thereof,
and thereafter it shall not be lawful to retain
or deposit the funds of the city, or any part
thereof, in any other bank or place.
The last section repeals all acts and ordi-
nances or parts thereof, or parts of the charter
of the city of Washington, inconsistent here-
with.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. WELKER. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 understand it requires
unanimous consent, to take up the bill.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to take it up out of its order, except
on Monday, when it can be done by suspend-
ing the rules.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELKER. Is it in order to make a
suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WELKER. The charter of Washing-
ton city expires on the 14th of May, aud it is
important that action be taken now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand it is a very
different motive that causes the gentleman to
urge the passage of this bill. The object is to
carry the coming election.
Mr. UPSON. Order.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Welkkr] a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Uvsoji] objects.
Mr. MUNGEN. May I, then, ask a question
of the Chair ?
The SPEAKER. If it is strictly parliament-
ary in character.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask whether in
this bill or in any existing law there is a pro-
vision creating the office of city treasurer ; and
if so, what is the necessity of providing in this
bill for the deposit of funds in a bank ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 89, nays 27, not voting 73—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Boaman.Beatty,
Benjamin, Blaine, Blair, Boutwoll, Bromwoll, BueK-
land, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom,Dod^ Donnelly, Brings,
Eckley, Esgleston, Bla, Eliot, Famswprth, ierriss,
1'erry, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Hardin?.Hawkins,
Histbv, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Jenekes, Judd,
Julian, Jlelley, kolsey, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
