THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
signify that I hurled back the gentleman's
charge upon him, and that I would answer that
charge in any way in which the gentleman de-
sired to call me to account for it. I cannot
say I had particularly the idea of a duel in my
mind, as I am not a duelist by profession;
but, nevertheless, my idea was that I would
answer the gentleman in any way in which he
chose to call upon me for it. I did not intend
to claim any exemption on account of age or
any exemption on account of other things that
are apparent to the Senate. That was all that
I meant to signify, and I hope the Senate will
recollect the circumstances under which this
thing was done. The Senate has treated me
and every other gentleman concerned in this
case with the utmost kindness and politeness,
and has given marked attention to what we
have said, and the idea of insulting the Senate
is a thing that never entered my mind. I had
no such thought or design. 1 entertain the
kindest feelings and the most respectful feel-
ings toward the Senate, and would be as far
as any man upon the lace of the earth from
saying anything which would justly give offense
to the gentlemen of the Senate whom I was
addressing.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I ask that
the resolution be read again.
The Chief Cleik read the resolution.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
proceed with the call of the roll on the motion
to lay on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAH Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Coibett, Ontgiii, Davis, Dixon. Don-
little, Brake, Edmunds, Kerry, Fessenden, Fowler,
Fre\inghuj>en, Grimes, Harlan, Itendvieks, llowo.
Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of Now Hampshire. Patterson of Tennessee,
ltamsey, Ko-:-, Saulsbury, Sherman, Tipton, Tiuui-
bull, Van Winkle, Vickers, and Williams—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Howard, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Vcimont, Pomcroy, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Wilson. ami Yates—10.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Conness,
Hondo] son, McOreery, Nye, Spraguc, Wade, and
Willey-y.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The next business
in order is the order proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Camerox,] which the
Secretary will read.
'The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That the Senate, sitting as a court of im-
peachment, shall hereafter hold night sessions, com-
mencing at eight o'elue,k p. m. to-day, and continu-
ing until eleven o'clock p. m., until the arguments
of the counsel for the Pi e-'ident and of the Man-
agcis on the part of the lloute of ltepiesentatives
shall be concluded.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out all
after the word " Ordered,'1 and insert what I
send to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The words pro-
posed to be inserted will bo read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Senate will sit during the remainder of
the trial from ten o'clock in tnc forenoon to six
o'clock in the attenioon, with such brief recess as may
be oulered.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I should like to
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I move
to lay this whole subject on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I a^k for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buoknlew.^ Cat-
tell, Corbett. Davis, Dixon, Doolitrle, Drake, Kerry,
Fessenden, Fowler, Frehnsthuysen, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Johnson, McOreery, Morrill ot Maine,
Momllof Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey,
Jlor-s. Saubbury, Sprague, Tiumbull, Van Winkle,
Yickcis, and Willej—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron. Chandler, Conkling,
Cragm, Edmunds. Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Pom-
eroy, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—17.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Henderson,
Nye, and Wade—5.
So the order and amendment were laid upon
the table.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Mr. Evarts will
proceed with the argument for the President.
Mr. EVARTS. We perceive then, Mr. Chief
Justice and Senators, that the subject out of
which this controversy has arisen between the
two branches of the Government, executive
and legislative, touches the very foundations
of the balanced powers of the Constitution;
and in the arguments of the honorable Man-
agers it has to some extent been so pressed upon
your attention. You have been made to be-
lieve that so weighty and important is the
point in controversy as to the allocation of the
power over office included in the function of
removal that if it is carried to the credit of
the executive department of this Government
it makes it a monarchy. Why, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice and Senators, what grave reproach is this
upon the wisdom and foresight and civil pru-
dence of our ancestors that have left unexam-
ined and unexplored and unsatisfied these
doubts or measures of the strength of the Ex-
ecutive as upon so severe a test or inquiry of
being a monarchy or a free republic? 1 ask
your attention to a passage from the Federalist,
in one of the papers by Alexander Hamilton,
who meets in advance these aspersions that
were sought to be thrown upon the establish-
ment of the executive power in a President.
He there suggests in brief and solid discrimi-
nations the distinctions between the Pres-
idency :
" The President of the United States would bo an
officer clected by the people for four years; the king
of Great Biitain is a perpetual and keralitury prince.
The one would be amenable to personal punishment
and disgrace: the person ot' the other is sticrod and
in viol aisle. The one would have a qualified negative
upon the acts of the legislative body ; the other has
an tibhohtto negative. The one would have a right to
command the military and naval forces ot the nation:
tho other, m addition to this right, possesses that of
iteelaring war and of ruining and regulating fleets and
armies by Ins own authority. The one would have a
eoncuu cnt power with a blanch of the Legislature in
tho formation oftreati"s; the other is the 10U pos-
sessor of tho power of making treaties. Tho one
would haveahkeconcurreiit authority m appointing
to offices; the other is tho sole author of all appoint-
ments. The one can confer no piivilegos whatever;
the other can make denizens of aliens, noblemen of
conimoneis, can oi ect corporations with all the rights
incident to corporate bodies. Tho one can presenile
no rules concerning the commerce or currency of the
nation; the other is in several respects the arbiter of
eommeiee, and in this capacity can establhh uiai kets
and fairs, can regulate weights and measures, can lay
embargoes for a limited time, can coin money, can
authorize or prohibittho oirolijation offoreign coin.
Tho one has no particle of spn itual jui isdietion ; tho
other is the supreme head and governor of tho na-
tional church 1 What answer shall we give to those
who would persuade uh that thing* so unlike resem-
ble each other? The Mime that ought to lie given to
those who tellus tliataGovernmcnt, thewholepowcr
of which would he in the hands of the elective and
periodical servants of tiio_ people, is ail anstooracy,
a monarchy, and a despotism."
But a little closer attention both to the his-
tory of the framing of the Constitution and to
the opinions that maintained a contest in the
body of the Convention which should finally
determine the general character and nature
of the Constitution will show us that this matter
of the power of removal or the control of office,
as disputable between the Executive and the
Senate, touches more nearly one of the other
great balances of the Constitution ; I mean
that balance between the weight of numbers
in tho people and the equality of States, irre-
spective of population, of wealth, and of size.
Here it is, if I may be allowed to say so, that
the opinions to which my particular attention
was drawn by the honorable Manager, [Mr.
Boutwkij.,] the opinions of Roger Sherman,
had their origin. One of the most eminent
statesmen of the last generation said to me
thatit was to Mr. Sherman and to his young col-
league, Mr. Ellsworth, and to Judge Paterson,
of New Jersey, that we owed it, more than to all
else in that Convention, that our Government
was made what that statesman pronounced it
to be, the best Government in the world, a
Federal Republic, instead of being what it
would have been but for those members of the
Convention, as this same statesman of the last
generation expressed it, a consolidated empire,
the worst Government in the world.
Between these two opinions it was that the
controversy whether the Senate should be ad-
mitted into a share of the executive power of
official appointment, the great arm and strength
of the Government came into piay ,* and as a
part of his firm maintenance of the equality of
the States Mr. Sherman insisted that this parti-
cipation should be accorded to the Senate ;
and others resisted as too great a subtraction
from the sum of executive power to be capa-
ble safely of this distribution and frittering
away. Mr. Adams, the first President of that
name, 1 am informed upon authority not
doubted, bringing it to me from the opinion
of his grandson, died in the conviction that
even the participation in appointment that the
Constitution, as construed and maintained in
the practice of this Government, accorded to
the Senate, would be the point upon which the
Constitution would fail; that this attraction of
power to comparatively irresponsible and un-
noticed administration in the Senate would
ultimately so destroy the strength of the Exec-
utive with the people and create so great dis-
content with the people themselves that the
Executive of their own choice upon the Federal
forces and numbers which the Constitution
gives to that election would not submit to the
executive power thus bestowed being given to
a body that had its constitution without any
popular election whatever, and had its mem-
bers and strength made up not by the wealth
and power and strength of the people, but by
the equality of the States.
When you add to that this change which gives
to the Senate a voice in the removal from office,
and thus gives them the first hold upon the
question of the maintenance of official power
in the country, you change wholly the question
of the Constitution ; and instead of giving the
Senate only the advisory force which that
instrument commits to it, and only under the
conditions that the office being to be filled they
have nothing to say but who shall fill it, and
if they do not concur still leave it to the Execu-
tive to name another and another and another,
always proceeding from his original and prin-
cipal motion in the matter, you change it to
the absolute preliminary power of this body to
say to the Executive of the United States that
every administrative office under him shall re-
main as it is, and these officers shall be over
htm and against liini provided they be with and
for you ; and when you add to that the p'ower
to say " until we know and determine who the
successor will be, until we get the first move
by the Executive's concession to us of the suc-
cessor, we bold the reins of power that the
office shall not be vacated," you do indeed
break down at once the balance between the
executive and the legislative power as repre-
sented in this body of the latter department
of the Government, and you break down the
Federal election of President at once, and com-
mit to the equality of States the partition and
distribution of the executive power of this
country.
I would like to know how it is that the peo-
ple of this country are to be made to adopt
this principle of their Constitution that the
executive power attributed to the Federal
members, made up of Senators and Repre-
sentatives added together for each State, is to
go through the formality of the election of a
President upon that principle and upon that
calculation, and then find that the executive
I power that they supposed was involved in that
primary choice and expression of the public
| will is to be administered and controlled by a
body made up of the equality of States. I
would like to know on what plan our politics
are to be carried on; how can you make the
combinations, how the forces, how the inter-
ests, how the efforts that are to throw them-
selves into a popular election to raise a pres-
idential control of executive power, and then
find that that executive power is all admin-
istered on the principle of equality of States.
I would like to know how it is that New York
and Pennsylvania and Ohio and Indiana and
Illinois and Missouri and the great and grow-
ing States are to carry the force of popular
will into the executive chair upon the Fed-
eral numbers of the Electoral Colleges, and
