1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ton's case in favor of the President ; and more,
that the debates 011 the passage ot the bill show
clearly that the Senate of the United States so
understood it.
But let this pass. I -svill attempt no argument
on the law of this case. Is it wise, is it de-
sirable, is it necessary to impeach the Presi-
dent of the United States? is there an upris-
ing of the people demanding the impeachment
of this high officer? One word answers all
these questions : No. There is not a man in
the United States outside of Congress who
desires the impeachment of the President, ex-
cept those who desire it on political grounds,
and those speculators and agitators who hope to
make capital out of their country's misfortunes,
and hope that by possible convulsions they may
be shaken to the surface and may profit by the
general ruin. No possible advantage not at-
tainable other ways will be gained by this im-
peachment, and untold misfortunes may result
from it. Whatever tends to weaken the re-
spect of the people for high official station, for
our courts and laws, weakens the force of the
Constitution—this proceeding has such ten-
deticy. Whatever tends to make uncertain our
luws and institutions certainly should be re-
garded as against good policy. Whatevertends
to render uncertain and above the courts any
tenure, whether of constitutional and lawful
place, of property, or ol life, should be avoided
as dangerous to liberty, and as leading to
chaos and anarchy on the one side, or a des-
potism on the other. The unrestrained bad
passions of hot and hasty politicians involved
us in a fearful civil war seven years ago, the
horrors of which can never be written. By it
ten States of this Union have been reduced
from happy, prosperous, and rich Common-
wealths to a state bordering upon starvation, to
misery, despondency, and the most terrible
condition of poverty, with their governments
turned over to the keeping of ignorant and law-
less bands ot' degraded negroes. Desolation
and ruin have swept over that portion of our
common country. Where the torch and the
sword passed by, and left a little green, fertile
spot with its happy cultivator undisturbed, the
speculator has since gone; the happy tiller of
the soil has been turned outpeunilci-s and home-
less, and the iittlegreen spot, by a convenient
mo'de of confiscation, has become the property
of some political thief who prayed for a civil
war in his own country, his own land.
In the North we have not suffered so much
yet, but our sufferings are now shaping into a
beginning. I will not prophesy evil to my
country while I can act for its welfare. But
this impeachment scheme, whatever its results
may be, is nothing but one of the evils drawn
by the train of that civil war. I appeal to my
colleagues, to my countrymen, to do nothing
in this direction which they in their best judg-
ment believe not to be absolutely necessary for
the salvation of our institutions, iiecollect
with sorrow and bear 111 mind, as I do, with
profit, that less than three years ago Abraham
Lincoln, President of the United States, whose
memory I revere and respect, and at whose
shrine you worship, was stricken down here
in the capital city of the Republic by the hand
of an assassin. Now let us strike down and
politically kill his constitutional successor, and
then tell me if there is any stability or certainty
in our Government? It will weaken our insti-
tutions in the hearts of the people and thereby
set us another full move toward chaos or
despotism. It will show such uncertainty as
to weaken the public credit to such extent as
to ruin commerce and paralyze every branch
of industry. The insane policy of the party
that now threatens this impeachment locked
up or shipped from the country all the money
in it and issued worthless rags instead, which
must necessarily be affected by the slightest
troubled pulsation at this capital. Your ac-
tion to-day will be a loss to the country of
$1,000,000,000 directly, and will indirectly not
retard, but break up and destroy, every hope
of prosperity. You are shaping things so as
to fasten the odious doctrine of repudiation
upon us, and I fear you will succeed. With a
debt of nearly three thousand millions, witn
no merchant marine, with a balance of near y
a thousand millions a year against our people
in taxation and tribute to foreign countries,
can we afford to create such commotion m the
country? .
Am I unnecessarily frightened at. the condi-
tion of our country? Am 1 right in my fears
that our best statesmen have not given us their
advice, or that to do so they would have to
speak from the grave ? I wish the other side
of the House to understand me as meaning
that they are wrong in judgment, not as charg-
ing them with wrong intentions. _ I believe
every honorable gentleman on this floor will
vote as he thinks is right. I impugn no one's
motives. But I fear gentlemen have not sought
out from the deep well-springs of their hearts
the real reasons they have for their action in
this matter.
In conclusion, I only have to say, X pray
God we may have 110 more civil war, no an-
archy, no despotism in our unhappy land. I
oppose civil war as leading to every evil and
as being too terrible even for anticipation.
While 1 fear every evil, I will hope_ for good,
and stand firm in the discharge of the high
duty assigned me by my constituents ; would
to God 1 could discharge that duty better.
Messrs. MOOllHEAD and LYNCH ad-
dressed the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the question ot law involved in
the resolution before the House. I hat has
been ably done by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butleb,] and is, in fact,
unnecessary. The President, as if to leave
Congress wholly without excuse, has done an
act which on its face settles the question of
law, and shuts us up to the absolute necessity
of taking the recreant usurper by the throat.
In the name of the country I thank him for
it. I do not agree at all with tr.ose gentle-
men on this side of the House who have ex-
pressed tlieir regret at. what has happened,
and their desire to escape the duty^it entails
upon us to impeach the President of^ the Uni-
ted States. On the contrary, I rejoice in the
madness of this last act of his brazen de-
fiance of the Constitution and the laws, and
that in this, as in all the previous trials of our
country since the year 1BU1, the devil has come
to our rescue just at the point where the courage
and virtue of men gave way. We are indebted
to the enlightening influence and saving grace
of Jefferson Davis and the villains at his heels
for the policy of arming the negroes against
them, the abolition of slavery, the enfranchise-
ment of the colored race, and the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States on the basis of human-
ity and justice; and now, under a later extrem-
ity, we are indebted to the stupid rebel malignity
of Andrew Johnson for the csurage which at
last shall hurl him from the hite House, and
consign him once more to the fond embrace of
his rebel confederates in the South and their
faithful allies in the North. Will any friend
of his country grieve over all this? Shall not
the logic of treason work out its appointed
results through its fitly chosen instruments?
If this House, in December last, was not ready
to impeach the President because it feared the
Senate would not convict, or dreaded Us effect
upon the finances, or feared it might injuriously
complicate the presidential issue, or because
of the pitiful legal quibble that lie had not
committed an indictable offense, is it not most
fortunate that this single act of lawlessness has
been evoked, which so beautifully consolidates
into a unit all the friends of the country in
this House and throughout the nation? ^ It is
true, the removal of the Secretary of War is
relatively a small matter. It is scarcely a pec-
cadillo when considered by the side of the New
Orleans massacre and many other wholesale
enormities of which he has been known to be
guilty for many months past; and I believe it
would be regarded Ss scaieeiy a sufficient
ground for this proceeding, if not considered
in the light of far greater previous offenses.
But it happily summons to the side of impeach-
ment every man who has thus far hesitated or
halted, and thus settles the long delayed move-
ment as an absolute success, and insures the
future peace of the country.
Mr. Speaker, on the 11th day of December
last, soon after the question of impeachment
was voted down, I used the following language
in some remarks upon the subject in this House:
"That the President will pause in his course of
maladministration and crime I do not for a moment
believe. His capacity for evil stands out in frightful
disproportion to his other gifts. He is a genius in
depravity, and not simply an obstinate man who
means honestly to deal with the problem of recon-
struction.' His hoarded malignity and passion have
neither been fathomed nor exhausted, and will not
be during his term of office. If I may judge of the
effects of the President's late message of defiance,
acting on the inflammable temper of southern rebels,
and followed swiftly by the strong vote of this House
renouncing its jurisdiction overhiscrimes, lean have
110 hesitation in believing that a newdispensation ot
rapine and misrule will be the result. Ihi3 will tie
morally and logically inevitable." -
That, sir, is what I then said, and every word
of it stands vindicated by time. That "new-
dispensation of rapine and misrule,'' as every
one knows, Iicls been the result. I s&i<I further,
in behalf of the Indiana delegation, that we had
•' 110 apologies to make" for the votes we had
cast, " nobody'spardontobeg,1' and"nofavors
to ask in any quarter.'' Sir, 1 repeat these words
here in the light of the present hour; nor can I
forbear to say, in the great and priceless-inter-
ests of the truth—and 1 say it in sorrow—that
Congress is not wholly innocent. The organized
victory of treason over loyalty in the rebel dis-
tricts within the past few months, which we
have seen, with the whole train of mischiefs
that have thus been visited afresh upon their
people, could only have been born of the crim-
inal hesitation and delay of Congress, through
which the evil spirit of the Executive was pam-
pered info renewed life, and breathed with new-
power, into his rebel followers. But, turning
from these sad facts of the past, let us rejoice
in the glorious present, and in its sure prophecy
of speedy deliverance for our country from its
weary and sore bondage. After the long polit-
cal night which has so fearfully enshrouded
us, let us thank God for the dawn which at
length salutes our vision, and reveals to us the
beauty and glory of a redeemed and disen-
thralled Republic.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
public peace is again disturbed by the Presi-
dent of the United States. He denies to the
nation that repose which it so much needs.
He will not obey the law, and by it he must be
judged.
I do not approach this case under the spur
of haste or the heat of passion. Its presence I
deplore, but its demands I will respect and
obey. As a Representative it is my duty to
see that the laws of the Republic are not defied
by a criminal in office, if within the terms of
the Constitution a remedy may be found. The
presence of the criminal is a palpable fact, the
remedy is plain and indisputable, and from the
performance of the duty imposed I will not
shrink. An impeachment of the President of
the United States is made inevitable by his
own deliberate criminal conduct, as presented to
us by the case which now commands our atten-
tion. We cannot escape this conclusion if we
would ; for the President would hedge us about
with new acts of greater enormity, if there be
any logic in his course of procedure, which
would at last compel us to take up the gage
that he has now defiantly cast at our feet..
Heretofore his challenges have not been, in
my judgment, in due form of law, or stamped
with the character of real crimes or misde-
meanors, and therefore I have resisted a resort
to the extreme remedy which the Constitution
has placed in our hands. Perhaps 1 have been
more cautious than most men would have
been, but 110 regrets come to me 011 this
account, fori still believe that I but did my duty.
The considerations which weighed upon my
j mind and molded my conduct in the case with
! which the Committee on the Judiciary of this
j House was charged are not to be found in the
■ present case. The logic of the former case is
