2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
William Lawrence,Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, Miller, Moore, Morreli, Myers, Now-
comb, 0 jNeiH, Orfch, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike,
Plants, Poland, Price, Uauui, Sawyer, Scofickl,
bpaldmg Aaron 3?. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor,
J ho^^*^0^11 Trimble. Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
EUhu L.Washburne, Henry I). Washburn, "Walker,
I hernias Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
soi^.^tephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—89.
ft AYS—Messrs. Beck, Boyer, Btooks, Burr, Eld-
ridge, (jetz, Golladay, Grover, Hulman, J.Iutchki?s,
Kiehard D. Hubbard, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Mar&h all,
McCormick, Morgan, Mungen, friblack, Pvuyn,
Kandall, Robinson, Sitgi eaves, Stone, Vau Auken,
Van Trump, and Woodward—-27.
NOT VOTTN(t—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Belos R. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Benton, Bmgham, Broouiall, Butler, Cake, Cary,
Chanler, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Dixon, Fields,
Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner, Grkwold, Hahrht, Hill,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard, Ilulburd,
Humphrey, lnger^oll, Jones, Keicham, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Maynard, MoCIurg,
McCullough, Mercur,Moorhead,Morris--ey, Mullins,
Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Pile, Volsiey, Pomeroy,
Robertson, Ross, Sehenek, Seiye, Shanks, Shellabar-
ger. Smith, Starkweather, Xhaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Acrnam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van VVyok, Ward,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
John T. Wilson, Window, and Wood—73.
So, two thirds voting in favor thereof, the
rules were suspended, and the bill was taken up.
fWELKER. I offer the amendments to
. which I send to the Clerk's desk, and
faiand the previous question on the amend-
£nts and the bill.
<Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to have the bill considered by
sections, if it be in order.
The SPEAKER. That can be done in Com-
mittee of the Whole, but not in the House,
upon the demand of any member. It can,
however, be done by unanimous consent. The
bill is before the House as a whole, and is sub-
ject to an amendment and to an amendment
to an amendment, under parliamentary rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I move, then, to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole, for the
purpose of considering it by sections.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is on the floor, and has moved the previous
question. If tue previous question be voted
down, the motion of the gentleman will be in
order, but not otherwise. Are the amendments
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio reported
from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, or are they individual amendments'?
Mr. WELKER. They are individual amend-
ments.
The amendments were read as follows:
First amendment:
In tho sccond section, after the word " Tuesday,"
strike out the Avoids "the first month alter the
passage of this act," and insert in lieu thereof
'■July, 1868."
Second amendmonl :
At tile end of section five add the following, "un-
less by order of tho board;" so fliat the clause will
read:
And thereafter it shall pot be lawful to retain or
deposit the funds of the city, or any pan i hereof, in
any other hank or placo, unless by order of the
board.
Third amendment:
After seeiion live insert the following as an addi-
tional section:
8kc. G. And be it further enacted, That, tho first sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act to regulate the elect-
ive franchise in the District of Columbia," pas«cd
January 8,1867, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to require electors in the city of Washington to
reside in tho ward or election precinct, in which they
shall offer to vote fifteen days prior to theday of any
election,insteadot threemonths: /Voi;zV?'/,XhatsuHl
section shall not bo construed as conferring the elec-
tive franchise in said city on non-commissioned offi-
cers, soldiers, sailors, or marines, in thcregular service
of the United States, stationed or on duty m said city,
except such as may have become actual residents
with thoir families in said city for one year previous
to any election: And provided further. That no per-
son claiming to bo a naturalized citizen shall be
le^isteied as ail elector, nor shall the name of any
such person be retained on the list of voters without
the production of his naturalization papers or duly
certified copies thereof or satisfactory proof of the
loss of tho same; and for the purpose of correcting:
said list as regards the aforesaid classes of persons
and in aliother respects, thejudgesof election shall
meet in some proper place in said city between the
hours of nine o'clock a. m. and seven o'clock p. tn.,
on three days instead of two days as now required:
And provided further. That all the original lists of
\oters, both before and after their correction, shall
rrnnnin in tho custodv of the member of the board
of judges first named in their appointment by the
Supreme Corn t of the District of Columbia, a.nd, in
the event of his removal or resignation, in the cus-
tody of hisrfgularlvappointedsuccessor.exceptwhen
being copied lor publication audio:: the use ot the
commissioners of election, and said original lists shall
at all times be open for the uso and inspection of
either of said judges: And provided further. That no
property qualification shall be required for any of
the offices of said city, and that three days prior to
any election each board of commissioners of election
shall appoint two clerks to assist them in registering
the names of voters in their respective election pre-
cincts, and in making returns of the elections, who
shall be sworn before the clerk of the supreme court
of said District, truly and faithfully to perforin their
duties, and for any misconduct in office be subject to
the same penalties to which said commissioners are
now subject: And provided further, That it shall be
tho duty of the judges of election to make any regu-
lation and give any notice which maybe proper or
necessary to carry out any provision of this section.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will it be in order to move
to refer this bill with the pending amendments
to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. If the call for the pre-
vious question shall be voted down, it will then
be ia order to move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole, or to the Committee
for the District, of Columbia. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Raniiall] has already
indicated his intention to move to refer this
bill lo the Committee of the Whole should the
House refuse to second the previous question.
Tho question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill [Mr. Wea-
ker] whether he will give us some explanation
of the reasons and necessity for the passage at
this time of a bill of this kind?
Mr. WELKER. I will do so, if desired,
after the previous question shall have been
sustained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welkeu] must speak upon this bill, if at
all, before the previous question is seconded.
The rule giving an hour for speaking after the
previous question is seconded applies only to
bills, &c., reported from committees.
Mr. WALKER. Very well ; I will withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. N1BLACK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill. I hope the gentleman will
at, least allow it to be read. 1 propose it in
good faith.
Mr. WELKER. I will hear it read.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to move the fol-
lowing as an amendment to the amendment:
And provided further, That male persons of foreign
birth over twenty-one years of age who may havere-
sided one year in the District of Columbia and may
have declared their intention to become citizens of
the United States shall be entitled to vote at any
election herein provided for.
Mr. WELKER. I cannot yieldfopany such
amendment to be offered.
I will now explain briefly tho necessity for
the passage of this bill. The charter of the
city of Washington will expire on the 17th day
of this month. All of this Senate bill, except-
ing the first section, which extends the charter
for one year, was contained in a bill which the
House passed some time since on the report
of the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The Senate placed on the bill extending the
charter the provisions of the bill already passed
by the House.
One of the most important changes which
the amendment I have offered to-day makes is
in relation to the residence of voters in the
different wards of the city. By the law as
it now exists, regulating suffrage in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a voter is required to have
resided three months in the precinct or ward
of the city in which he offers to vote. I pro-
pose by my amendment to reduce the time of
residence to fifteen days, fn most of the Slates
the voter is required to have an actual resi-
dence in the township or election precinct for
ten days. There are various reasons why, in
the District of Columbia, the period of "resi-
dence should be very much shortened from the
period now required by law. Many of the
housekeepers are renting their houses by the
month. A large part of the population of the
Districtare merely boarders, and theirresidence
in precincts or wards is very often changed,
sometimes each month. In a city where resi-
dence is changed so frequently as in Wash-
ington it strikes me as important to reduce the
residence to fifteen days in order to have a fair
vote of all the voters here.
Another change proposed is in relation to
the election of officers for the city; those that
heretofore have been appointed on the nom-
ination of the mayor and ratified or confirmed
by the board of aldermen. The bill of the
Senate provides that these council boards shall
meet together with the mayor, and there, by
ballot, elect those officers who heretofore under
the law have been appointed.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for two or three minutes?
Mr. WELKER. 1 will yield for an inquiry.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to make
an inquiry merely, though I wish to hear the
gentleman upon a point which I will state. I
would like to have three or four minutes.
Mr. WELKER. I will give the gentleman
three minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Could not the gentleman
make it five ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, it would be very
unreasonable for me to ask so much as five
minutes.
Mr. WELKER. Three minutes was all the
gentleman asked.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I asked for three or four.
Mr. WELKER. I will say four.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am astonished at the
gentleman's liberality, and thank him for his
kindness and generosity.
I desire the gentiemau, before he concludes
his remarks in explanation of this bill, to
give this House some information as to whether
any provision has been made in this bill with
respect to the places of holding elections. I
am informed it is with very great difficulty
that the people of this District find the oppor-
tunity to vote, owing to the small number of
the election precincts and their consequent
crowded condition on election days. I under-
stand that in this whole city of Washington
there are but three or four voting precincts in
a ward.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer him now?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not now. I hope the
gentleman will not take any portion of my four
minutes. I will yield to the gentleman, I think,
one minute, when I am through.
Mr. Speaker, I was in this city at the time of
the last election held here •, and at first I was a
little disposed to find fault with the white people
of the city of Washington for not interesting
themselves more in voting. I thought that, hav-
ingbccomc disgusted bv the action of Congress,
they were not disposed to do their full duty in
exercising the right of suffrage. But on visit-
ing two or three of the voting precincts of the
city with a friend I became satisfied that the
people could not, if they would, properly ex-
ercise the right of suffrage. The crowded state
of the polls, the numbers there at five or six
o'clock in the afternoon "nho had been unable
to vote, satisfied me conclusively that it was
impossible lor all of the qualified voters of the
city to vote with no more voting precincts than
there then were. I think that, if we make any
alteration in the charter or any provisions with
reference to voting in this city, we ought to
provide for the difficulty to which I have re-
ferred. There ought certainly to be an oppor-
tunity for all the leual voters who desire to cast
their votes. And 1 do not believe that then
it was possible for all to vote without greater
facilities.
I am told that at the last election the negroes
of this _ city, under command of the leagues
and their officers, took possession of the poiis
before tour o clock in the morning and held
them during almost the entire day. The ne-
groes, after voting, would fall out of the ranks,
then go back and tall in again ; and when they
again got near to the place of voting they
would step out and allow some fresh one who
had not voted to step in and cast iiis Yotu. 1
