4458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
for Senators who will receive compensation
under this resolution to vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY. I understand the question is
whether it is in order for these gentlemen to
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Is it in order for those interested iu the
resolution to vote ? Those who are of the opin-
ion that it is in order will answer yea as their
names are called ; and those opposed nay.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to inquire whether
the Senators from those States are to vote on
this motion. My name was called and I voted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
another point of order.
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not understand why
we may not vote on this question as well as
any Senator may vote on the question of rais-
ing his pay or anything else that comes before
the Senate in the way of money, mileage, or
anything of that kind. If iny name is called
1 shall vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll.
The Chief Clerk commenccd to call the
roll; and Sir. Abbott responded in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. BITCKALEW. I ask the Chair to state
the question. Perhaps there is a misappre-
hension of what tho question is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Are the members who are to to be com-
pensated by this resolution entitled to vote?
Those "who are of opinion that they are entitled
will say yea, those opposed will say nay, and
the Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. ABBOTT. I withdraw my vote under
the circumstances.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask a question for
information. I desire to know whether the
Senate did not in the case of Mr. Stockton, of
New Jersey, decide that he could not vote upon
the question of his election being declared null
and void.
Mr. SUMNER. It did.
Mr. DRAKE. If that is so, it seems to me
that this case stands in direct analogy to that.
I desire to state that I do not wish to interfere
with anything that is proper and right toward
these gentlemen, but I cannot see my way
clear to vote for their compensation back to
the beginning of this Congress.
Mr. NYE. I propose in a word to show
that it is perfectly in order for these gentlemen
to vote on this question. This is a legislative
question entirely, upon which every Senator
on this floor has a right to vote and may be
compelled to vote. It is a question for these
gentlemen to decide for themselves whether
they elioose to vote or not. It is simply a
question of what compensation they shall have.
I think there is a difference between th>s case
and the Stockton ease. In that case the ques-
tion was not a legislative question as to the
amount of money to be voted, but whether Mr.
Stockton was elected by his Legislature at home.
In that case the Senate held that he was not
entitled to vote, because it was a question
affecting his right to a seat here. If there is
any analogy between this question and any
question that has been up, it is between this
case and the case where We voted to raise our
own pay. That was a legislative question, and
so is this. I am surprised that the Senator
from Pennsylvania should have raised this
question, both on the ground of propriety and
upon the ground of right. Of course it is an
embarrassing situation for these men, but it is
a question on which this body would have a
right to compel their vote. I hope the Senate
will overrule the point of order.
Jlr. HENDRICKS. In the Stockton case
the_ question was whether the Senator was
entitled to his office; but in the present case
the question is whether certain parties in this
body are entitled to certain money. In the
Stockton case it was claimed that Mr. Stockton
was entitled to vote because he was not sup-
posed to have an interest in the office; but it
was a question of public interest, the right of
a State to bo represented iu the person she
selected. In this case the question is whether
certain gentlemen are entitled to certain sums
of money, not according to existing law, but
according to the will of the Senate; whether
they shall have a sum of money voted to them
before they held the office for which they are
entitled to compensation ; whether they shall
have a sum of money for services before the
time when Congress by law said their States
were entitled to representation, and in that
question their States and the public have no
interest, except as the public is interested in
seeing to it that money is not taken out of the
Treasury improperly. The interest of the
public is not the same as their interest. In
the Stockton case the public interest was
presumed to be as the interest of the Senator
whose credentials made a prima facie right
for him. Here is a direct question of personal
interest in a sum of money to be voted by
the Senate, as much so as if there were a
private bill pending to pay money to a Senator.
Now, could a Senator vole upon a private bill
voting money to himself? It, is too clear; it
is too plain for question. This is a resolution
that out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate. or out of the public Treasury, if it be made
a joint resolution, there shall be paid each
man a sum of money ; and the entire sum is
about half a million dollars. That is the
question; not whether they shall be paid
according to law, hut paid beyond the law by
the special favor of the Senate.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I understand
the Senator from Indiana to argue that in the
Stockton case it was right and proper and allow-
able, where the question was whether a Senator
was entitled to a seat, for him to vote. He
thinks that where the question was not merely
one of pay, but whether a man was entitled to
a seat in the Senate, the interest was not such
as to disqualify him from voting. There the
question was whether he was entitled to a seat
in the Senate. The Senate was called on to
decide whether the forms and ceremonies by
which he was elected were regular and proper.
The Senator from Indiana thinks there was no
disqualifying interest in him in such a case;
that lie could vote to decide that he was enti-
tled to a seat in the Senate, and that he was
entitled to all the pay and emoluments result-
ing from such a seat in the Senate; and yet
when the simple question arises as to whether
a Senator shall vote on the amount of pay
which he is to receive the Senator from In-
diana thinks he is disqualified. It is a ques-
tion upon which there has been no doubt here-
tofore—according to the history of the Senate
—from the beginning of the Government down
to the present time ; and the Senator from
Indiana himself has repeatedly voted upon
that question in which he was directly and
personally interested, whether his pay should
be raised or not. And yet ho would now dis-
qualify these Senators from voting when he
would say that a candidate for the Senate had
a right to decide upon the merits of his own
election.
Mr. President, were not Senators interested
when the pay of Senators was raised by our
own votes? Their constituents were interested
in seeing that as much of the public money
should be saved as possible, and that they
should receive just as little as possible. We
voted on that question, although we were per-
sonally and directly interested. I voted for
the increase of my own pay. It was so much
agai nst the Government; it was so much against
the people of the United States; it was so much
against the Treasury ; it was for my individual
interest in a certain sense ; but it was a legisla-
tive act, as this has been already denominated.
I not only had a right to vote, but I was com-
pelled to vote. It I received the pay I was
compelled to take the responsibility of my vote
for or against receiving that pay. Theie cau
be no question about a proposition so plain.
These Senators have just the same right to vote
for fixing tbeir pay that we had to vote for our
increased compensation, and the Senator from
Indiana will in vain attempt to draw a distinc-
tion. The same interest would have applied
to him if he had been present and voting on
that question, which would apply to these Sen-
ators.
Mr. President, I hope that such a distinction
will not be drawn against the new Senators
from these States, that their votes will not be
questioned, when such votes have never been
questioned in all the history of the past legis-
lation of the country.
Mr. FJRELINGHUYSEN". Mr. President,
I believe there were but one or two of the Sen-
ators who have recently come to the Chamber
that voted, and, as I understood it, they did
not vote until the Clerk waited, in consequence
of there not being a quorum, to have the num-
ber filled. It seems to mo that there is a differ-
ence between the case of our passing a law here
which indirectly affects every man who votes
for it and giving construction to a law directly
to affect the person who votes upon it. Every
law we pass affects us as citizens of the United
States. When we voted the compensation for
Senators it affected us and those who succeed
us. This is giving construction to the act
applicable to the individuals who vote upon it,
and it does seem therefore to me that there is
greater propriety in those interested not voting.
I move, Mr. President, to lay this question of
order on the table.
Mr. DRAKE. That cannot be done.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make an explanation to my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Yates.] The honorable
Senator tells us that his constituents are inter-
ested in seeing that he gets the least amount
of money from the public Treasury possible.
Well, I will tell my honorable friend that the
interests of my constituents are different; they
are interested, and very much interested, in
seeing that I get a fair and full compensation
for my services here. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, on the ques-
tion now before the Senate as to whether it is
in order for these gentlemen to vote upon this
question, I desire simply to refer to the Jour-
nal of the Senate and show just what was done
in the case that I referred to awhile ago. It is
as 1 supposed it, though it occurred before T
came into the Senate. The ensc arose in the
Senate in the year 1800. The question was oil
a resolution that "John P. Stockton was duly
elected and is entitled to his seat as a Senator
from the State of New Jersey for the term of
six years from the 4th day of March, 180-3.''
It was determined in the aflirmative. I now
read from the .Journal of the Senate of Moil-
day, March 20, 1800, page 270:
_ " On motion lyMr.Poi.ixn, that theSanatf recon-
sider its vote on Fndaj- last agreeing to ike l'otlowm™
resolution: "
"'Jlesotved, That J ohn P. Stockton was duly elected
CI}-l;i"ed J.0 hjf Sl-'at as a Senator from tin. St.ito
ot Aciv Jersey for tho term ot six years from the 4th
uay or March, lSOo;
Was ^etomiinod in the affirmative: and
« 4 $uebtl0n recurring upon .said resolution
fu teaMNKU' "J unanimous consent, submitted
the iollowms mjolution : u
"\ltesolvecl, That tho vote of Mr. Stockton bo not
tH^Scnate* minmS th° his seat in
jhfi Senate proceeded, by unanimous eon^cnt to
consider the said resolution ; and '
On motion by Mr. Sherman, that the resolution
flf.y0 Committee on the Judiciary with
instructions to report on Thursday no^t'
nay" 2W'lS determined the netfativc-yoas 13.
;;On motion of Mr. Johnson
theSTOffip^eSr" deSh'ed by°ne fifth of
" n?hCd in 'ft® nffirmativo arc,
Guthri^lrarny, H°G^'rick«eJolnieon^'(|nV!Til* fVia'
JMeDoagaU, xJES?
b«!T- Tnunbun, V an and WitK-f
lhose „ho \oted in the negative aic.
sSrSigllS
and Ya°tes. y' Spragu0- Sumner! Wadi, AViUml
