1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4459
" On the question to agree to the resolution,
"It was determined in the affirmative.
" So it was
" liciolvcd, That tile vote of Mr. Stockton bo not
rceoived in determining the (iuestion of his scat in
the Senate."
I have simply to say that if the Senate would
be consistent in its rulings it seems to me there
is no other way but to decide this question of
order against the right of these gentlemen to
vote.
Sir. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is
important business in executive session.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. WILSON. If my colleague will give
way, I desire to make a motion. I move to
refer this matter to the Committee on the
Judiciary. ["Oh, no!"] It will give an oppor-
tunity to reflect on this subject for a few hours
and get it right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word. This question of order is, perhaps,
more troublesome to dispose of than the other
question if we were to come to a vote on that.
It seems to me this is very plain. If the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron',] who was elected before the beginning
of this Congress, had been upon a voyage in
Europe all this time and had now just appeared
in the body, the question would arise what com-
pensation should he have. His compensation
would commence from the time that he ap-
peared here. In relation to these gentlemen
who come here just elected from these States,
the theory on this side of the Chamber is that
the States themselves have been abroad and
just, got back. Now, when shall their com-
pensation commence? It seems to me, and I
appeal to these gentlemen themselves, as well
as to every other member of the Senate, that
the fair, honest thing is to say that the com-
pensation shall begin when they took the office,
when the States got back. They have been
abroad. The idea of giving them compensa-
tion when they have not been here, when, if
it had been the Senator from Pennsylvania or
the Senator from New Jersey or the Senator
from California, if they had been abroad, trav-
eling in Europe, and not been here, it would
not have been allowed, seems to me very unjust
as a principle. Let the time be fixed, either
the time when they come and take the office
or the time when their State was ready to
elect them to the office; fix it one or the other.
That would seem to be fair. I think these
gentlemen themselves should be better satis-
tied with that construction, as I think it is the
fairer construction to be given to the law than
any other.
Mr. SUMNEIt. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask my honorable
friend if he will not give way in order to let
me take up a little bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I have given way for the
last half hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest a question of
order, whether, when an appeal has been taken
from the decision of the Chair, the yeas and nays
have been called, and the result not yet an-
nounced, it is competent to submit a motion to
go into executive session. The yeas and nays
are being called; the vote has not been an-
nounced. Can it be, when we are in that con-
dition, and a question arises whether some
Senator has a right to vote, which runs into a
question of order, the vote not yet being an-
nounced, a member can rise and make a motion
for an executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to present the business
on his table.
territorial governments.
The bill (II. R. No. 1458) to provide for the
more economical administration of the govern-
ment of the several Territories of the United
States, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask that that bill be con-
sidered at once. Tt is the same bill which we
had up some time ago as a Senate bill, and
passed almost to a final vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question
whether we can do that in the situation the
Senate is now?
Mr. CHANDLER. By unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of this bill?
Mr. HARLAN. I must object unless Sen-
ators will take up a little bill that I desire to
have considered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to move
to lav the whole subject on the table?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I made that
motion some time ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing
is in order until the Chair has cleared his table
of the documents on it. The bill that has been
read twice will lie on the table.
indexing tax bill.
The bill (II. R. No. 1457) to pay for index-
ing the tax bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. If there is no objection I
should like to have that put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
no objection it will be put on its passage.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall have to object.
commercial laws tn alaska.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 019) to ex-
tend the laws of the United States relating to
customs, eommcrce, and navigation over the
territory ceded to the United States by Russia,
to establish a collection district therein, and for
other purposes.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the nmoncl-
lncnts of the llou^e ot' Itepresentutives on the said
bill, and ask a conference on the disagreeing voted of
the two Houses thereon.
Order*d, That the eonferecs on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Chandler, Mr. Morrill of Maine, and
Mr. Doolittle.
executive expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask consent
to make a report from a committee of confer-
gi1c6.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be received.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill(H. II. No. 1413) making appropriations for cer-
tain executive expenses of the Government for the
fi3cal year ending June 30, 18GU, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first and second amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL.
JAMES HARLAN,
A. 11. OXAGIN,
Manatjem tf'e port of the Senate.
W. It. KELSEY.
WILLIAM 13. STOKES,
L. W. tlOSS.
Manager-.s on thr purl of the Jloutse.
The report was concurred in.
senator from alabama.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that tlie Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is a mo-
tion pending which I made to lay the subject
before the Senate on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. My motion will supersede j
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to go into executive session has priority.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I send to the Chair the credentials of
General George E. Spencer, Senator-elect from
the State of Alabama. I move that they lie
read, and the oath of office administered to
him.
The credentials of Hon. George E. Spen-
cer, elected hy the Legislature of the State of
Alabama a Senator from that State for the
term ending March 3, 1873, were read; and
the oaths prescribed by law having been ad-
ministered to Mr. Spencer, he took his seat
in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 16)
donating a portion of the Fort Leavenworth
military reservation for the exclusive use of a
public road, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A hill (S. No. 576) relating to the district
courts of Utah Territory;
A bill (S. No. 004) regulating the times and
places of holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Florida; and
A bill (S. No. G21) authorizing the Manu-
facturers' National Bank of New York to
change its location.
enrolled bii/ls signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate ;
A bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of Mary
Scott;
A bill (S. No. GOO) granting a pension to
Robert Watson ;
A bill (S. No. 030) granting an increase of
pension to Nancy A. Stokes;
A bill (S. No. 633) granting a pension to
Nancy Smith ;
A bill (S. No. G34) granting a pension to
Violet Henry ;
A bill (S. No. G37) to authorize the city of
Washington to issue bonds for the purpose of
paying the floating debt of the city ;
A bill (S. No. 442) to amend section one of
an act to prevent and punish frauds upon the
revenue, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 18G3 ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 57) relative to
lighting the streets of Washington city, District
ot Columbia ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to admit
certain persons to the Naval Academy; and
A joint resolution (8. E. No. 172) to construe
an act entitled "An act to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Andrew S. Core."
pay of southern senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] is before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
390, for the relief of Samuel Tibbetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. The Senate is in the act of voting upon
a proposition. That proposition is whether
certain Senators are entitled to vote upon the
question before the body. The yeas and nays
are being called. Pending the call of the yeas
and nays a question of order arises. That
question of order the Chair submits to the body,
instead of deciding it himself. My point of
order is that until that call for the yeas and
nays be completed by the announcement of the
result it is not in order to call up any inde-
pendent business.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt that the
Senator's point of order is well taken, and I
will make no contest over that; but I will ask
unanimous consent of the Senate, and throw
myself on the courtesy of the Senator hiroselt
and slate the case. This man has^ paid wice
for his land, and the bill is to remit one pay-
1U Mr. POMEROY. I hope that kill be
takon up.
