1868.
  
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3435
reasonable way, but makes them plethoric, full,
big, and fair in proportions, shall have work
remitted to him in future, and be able to ride and
tell us with some exactness how many clerks
there are in this bill, what their grades and
classes, what their exact compensation: so
that we may vote sums of money demanded by
the public service upon ascertained data. I
think we had better have a general inquiry as
to what has become of the reform bill. I won-
der, indeed, that the honorable Senator who
gave it his labor and produced it has not
looked after it and piloted itthrough the mazes
of senatorial action. These are inquiries that
I should like to have answered. Then our
friend from Illinois might be spared the labor
that he gives to this subject of finance from
time to time, and I do not know that it would
not lead generally to better liumor all over, as
well as better government. I should really like,
in earnest, to know what has become of the
great reform bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should really like to
know how to reply to the Senator from Cali-
fornia; but I believe I will not enter into any
extended discussion of this subject. He asks
what has become of a bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. I have stated that that
bill—a very excellent bill—is before the Com-
mittee on Finance, and has been carefully con-
sidered by that committee; but it proposes to
increase the compensation of nearly all the
employes of the Treasury Department, in order
to make it more efficient, and the Committee
on Finance were not disposed to do that at the
present session of Congress. They did not
wish to increase the expenditures of the Treas-
ury or of any other Department. They thought
it was better to postpone the reorganization ot
this Department until the clerical force could
be reduced. That is a sufficient answer to that.
In fact, I believe the Senator from Maine is
satisfied with our course; or if not satisfied, at
least he did not express his dissatisfaction.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Cali-
fornia no doubt would desire to cast some re-
proach on the Secretary of the Treasury in
finding fault oil this subject. I do not think
that is right. Whether we like the Secretary
of the Treasury or not, he has to administer
a great Department of the Government, and I
believe he administers it honestly, as he con-
ceives. He has no more force now than has
been employed for years. In Older to satisfy
the Senator that we have pretty full informa-
tion on the subject, I ask the Senator now to
listen while a letter is read from the Secretary
of the Treasury on this very point; but I doubt
very much whether he will listen to it. I ask
that the communication which I send to the
desk bo read, and then I will add some further
st&tsniGnts
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The communication will
be read, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, March 31,1868.
Sir : Respectfully referring to my letterof the2Sth
ultimo, I have the honor to submit herewith the re-
sult of the reexamination of the estimates for the
support of the Treasury Department during the
ensuing fiscal year, which are now under considera-
tion by the Senate Committee on Appropriations in
connection with the pending legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, and also by the
Finance Committee. 4
The Department is ignorant of the basis from which
the calculations of the bill, as it now stands, were
made. Our estimates were carefully prepared, and
while I have caused them to bo reduced somewhat
in amount, still a sense of duty in the discharge of
the VHSt and important trusts devolved by law upon
this Department restrains me from advising such
reductions as axe comprised in the present bill. Ko
one appreciates moro sensiblythanthe Secretary the
necessity for economy in the public expenditures,
passing as all do in review before him; no one will
endeavor more earnestly to promote this end; but
to accomplish it he should be provided with proper
means. . , . , , , _
There are several considerations which should not
be lost sight of in examining the expenditures of the
Treasury Department, and especially in attempting
to reduce them, now that the rebellion has_ ceased,
to the amount of^the expenditures prior to its com-
mencement ill 1SS1.
Reduction upon such a scale is hopeless for many
years to come, until we can dispense with the inter-
nal revenue system, not in existence before the war,
the annual collections of which in asingle year ex-
ceeded three hundred and ten million dollars, and
must hereafter continue to be large; until our re-
ceipts from customs are reduced to SOl.OOO.OOOcollcoted
under specific rates of duty as in 1800, instead of
&17ti,y00,000atao?fl«fore/ ratesasatprescnt; until our
public debt of $2,500,000,000, including our currency
circulation, is paid off, the accounts of expenditures
which gave rise to it adjusted, and the current busi-
ness growing out of it terminated. So long must the
expenses of this Department in nearly every branch
of its operations remain at about their presentstand-
ard, reduced, of course, from time to time as accumu-
lated business is by degrees disposed of. The fact is
that the accumulations of thewararenotyetcleaied
away notwithstanding our best efforts to this end.
In several of the accounting offices especially, the
time ot a great number of clerks has been diverted
from this accumulated business to the settlement of
bounty claims which pressed upon the Department
under the acts passed since the war, but to carry
which into effeet no additional force was piovuied
until within a few weeks.
It should be remembered, as stated in my former
letter, that alt public accounts are settled by law at
the Treasury Department and every dollar of public
receipts or expenditures thus parses through it, in-
volving every branch of the Government. Henceits
business is increased or diminished by changes in the
business of every other executive branch, but not in
the same ratio. Local activity in either the State,
War, Navy, Post Office, or Interior Departments may
not peihaps extendi to any other of those Depart-
ments; it does extend, however, to the Treasury, and
a slight general activity in all these other Depart-
ments produces a comparatively surprising activity
at the Treasury Department, whore all centre for
supplies and to which all account. It will therefore
be understood that the activity of every branch of
the Government duiing the rebellion, especially the
unparalleled activity of tho War and Navy Depart-
ments, increased enormously the business of this
Department, and while it may be possible to bring
back at present some of the other Departments to a
comparative peace footing, yet permanent results
remain with us, in paying their debts, and settling
their bills, which many years will hardly alter.
It seems almost impracticable to determine now
what should be the exact permanent force of tho
Department.
The most correct conclusion arrived at is embodied
in the bill now before Congress for thereorganiza tion
of the Tioasury to which I beg respectfully to refer.
In the meantime lor the numbers of ollicers, clerks,
&e„ and their salaries, I have been unable to reduce
to any very considerable degree our regular esti-
mates. My own idea is that wo had better employ
to-day the largest force that can be ot advantageou
the back work of the war, because the longer its com-
pletion is put off the more unproductive will bo its
results and the weaker the accountability of public
debtors. Hence 1 cannot recommend so unwise an
economy in my judgment, as a decrease in the ac-
counting force of the Department, or, in fact, of any
branch of it at present, lor all are intimately con-
nected. Tho persons employed are usefully and, in
my judgment, necessarily employed. A reduction
of their number does not lessen the expenses of the
Depaitment in tho end; it simply spreads them out
over a longer period, and the result will inevitably
be that the delay will iinally cost more than the ap-
parent, but lictitious momentary saving.
To these general remarks I desire to add that X
consider it of vital importance to the successful
working of our in depend cut Treasury system that the
salaries of the officers intrusted with large amounts
of public money, exposed in cities—where all are
located—to peculiar temptation, should not be dimin-
ished.
If called upon to point out the most serious evil at
present threatening this system, I should be obliged
to answer "the meager compensation of competent
and responsible officeis." It is the old story. Private
enterprise offers superior compensation, and we lose
many of our best men because we cannot pay them
adequately, We have now a ease of defalcation in
the courts which probably would not have occurred
had an adequate salary have been paid by the United
States. If the appropriationforadditional compen-
sation under the sub-Tieasury system is limited to its
present reduced amount by the bill now before you,
the important office of the United States Assistant
Treasurer at New York city will be so crippled there-
by that we shall be unable to continue its business
safely or properly.
I inclose an additional section to tho bill continu-
ing for three years tho temporary positions created
for the period during the rebellion and for one year
thereafter. Besides these, which were established by
specific provisions of law, there are employes paid
Irorn appropriations which have for the last lew
years been made in gross amounts for additional
clerk hire throughout the entire Department.
The force paid fromthese appropriations is used to
strengthen any particular branch of the business
where additional assistance is required, andof neces-
sity varies from time to time. In my judgment, it
cannot yet be dispensed with.
The estimate for the contingent expenses tff the
Department shows an apparent increase over last
year; there is, however, an actual decrease, from the
fact that no appropriations are asked for tho respect-
ive bureaus as heretofore, but the Department itself
will take charge of these expenditures, thereby
reducing the aggregate expenses, as has been the
case in the expenditures'for stationery since they
were merged under one head.
The items in regard to fuel, labor, lights, and mis-
cellaneous items for the Treasury buildings arc neces-
sarily increased on account of the early completion,
furnishing, fitting up, and care of the north wing ®f
the Treasury building, and .five rented buildings for
the use of the Department. For the details in regard
to tho bureaus, I respectfully refer to the reports
from the heads of those bureaus, herewith transmit-
ted, and should the committee desire any further
detailed explanation the Department will promptly
respond.
1 beg to call particular attention to the items for
administering the internal revenue laws.
I transmit herewith a communication under date
of the 2Sth instant from the Director of the Mint ob-
jecting to the proviso contained on page 41 of the
Ull, lines one thousand and two to one thousand and
live inclusive, to which your attention is respectfully
called. As the deductions or profits referred to in
this proviso are now paid into the Treasury and ap-
propriated for the incidental expenses of the Mint
or branch mint, and are subsequently drawn out on
the usual requisitions, and the accounts rendered are
subject to tho supervision of the accounting officers
of the Treasury, I am of tho opinion that tho legis-
lation proposed in the provision referred to is unne-
cessary, and will be embarrassing to the operations
of the Mint. Ialso transmit a copy of a letter of the
Director of the Mint, inclosiug a communication
from the superintendent of the branch mint in San
Francisco, together with a statement exhibiting the
amount of wastage upon gold and silver deposits,
and the receipts and expenditures of the branch
mint from its first organization until the present
time.
The estimates for the branch mint at San Fran-
cisco and for tho assay office in New York are not
greater at the present time than fol* previous years,
aud I see no good reason for reducing the annual
appropriations as proposed in the House bill, and I
thoreiore respectfully recommend, in order that the
operations of these institutions for the current year
may not be embarrassed, that the usual appropria-
tion be allowed.
I have been thus earnest in stating the case, he-
cause if tho bill passes in its present condition I am
convinced that thcTreasuryDepartmcntcannotper-
form the duties devolved upon it by law duiing the
coming year.
With tho hope thatthe views herein expressed and
the requests herewith submitted will meet with the
approbation of the committee, 1 have the honor to
be. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
umn Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treanuri/.
Hon. John Sherman,
Chairman SeMtle Finance Committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will see from
that letter that this matter has been pretty thor-
oughly inquired into ; and I will state to him in
addition to that, that we have corresponded
with every head of bureau in the Treasury
Department who are, not like the Secretary of
the Treasury, political opponents of ours, but
nearly all of them political friends, and there-
fore, according to the logic of my friend from
California, he would believe them much more
readily. The voluminous communications of
the First Comptroller, the Second Comptroller,
the Commissioner of Customs, the six Auditors,
and the Register of the Treasury, are now upon
the table covering every point. In every case
where we could find the slightest reason for a
reduction of their estimates, we have reduced
them ; and if the Senator will look at the bill,
he will see that in some cases we have reduced
the amounts. In regard to this very item,
$210,000 were appropriated last year, of which
$60,000 were for the purpose of increasing tem-
porarily the pay of certain employes. That
was adopted after a long debate. The Com-
mittee on Finance concluded to drop that and
only appropriate $150,000 necessary to pay for
temporary clerks only; and in regard to that
item the Secretary of the Treasury, in a letter
dated June 8, says:
"If these items are omitted, weshall be obliged to
discharge one hundred and fifty clerks on or about
tho 1st day of July, to the serious injury of the pub-
lic service."
Senators may ask where these one hundred
and fifty clerks are employed. They are dis-
tributed, according to the exigencies of the'
service, among the various bureaus. Forty-
two clerks, 1 believe, are assigned to the
Second Auditor, and so they are sent from,
place to place through the different bureaus.
They are probably now made specially neces-
sary on account of the large amount of work to
be done on military bounties. I have no doubt
that after a while they may be dispensed with.
A word now in regard to the bill referred to
by the Secretary of the Treasury. That in-
creases largely the compensation of the oilicers
of the Treasury Department. We did not
think the present a wise lioae to commence tne
reorganization of this Department, and there-
fore we withheld the bill. If we had reported
