THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
order. I make the point that this is not a
n ii*'<iiri\ilccTv' it' l!u' rule U to be ex-
.'.. d -i - si- \ i.u"."!)fv r',;o up every
11..V .illtl IV ' ,i> I ;*■  Mlhlr
1 hi' ~-i'i\ A i\ K ii. i be gentleman from Illi-
nois rial's io si question of order, that as the
rt'Mi'.aiio'i ikies not positively propose impeach-
ment of this consul it is not a question of privi-
lege. The Chair sustains the point of order.
The resolution previously offered by the gen-
tleman from New York was a question of pfiii-
lege. because it proposes direct impeachment.
Mr. HOBINSON. I will modify my reso-
lution so that it will provide this consul shall be
impeached for high crimes am! misdemeanors.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of
privilege, and can be introduced for reference
or action.
Mr. KOBIXSOX. Mr. Speaker, since I
addressed the House on Monday last on the
question of the rights of American citizens in
Great Britain, some facts and circumstances
pertinent to that question not theu familiar to
me have come into my possession, involving
the charge of great dereliction of duty on the
part of William D. West, the American con-
sul at Dublin, in Ireland, which I propose to
lay before the House, that they may be sent to
the committee having this matter in charge.
Captain Patrick ,1. Condon, of New York
city, in a letter to me dated November 24,
15ii7, says :
" I wish yon to read the correspondence which
I send between Mr. Adams, Mr. West, and myself.
There were between ninety and one hundred of our
citizen* in prison with me Inst year, whose cases
were identical with mv own, the military record of
Bever.il of whom I inclose and vouch for. As for
myself I believe you are aware I shared the gloom
and the glory of the Iri«h brigade from its organiza-
tion until it« consolidation without lo-ing a battle
or a march."
This Captain Condon, whom I saw go forth
to the war as captain of one of the companies
of the sixty-third regiment New York volun-
teers, was thrown into jail in Ireland and kept
thjre subjcct to the grossest indignities, not
being convicted or even legally accused of any
ciime. for five months, and was finally com-
pelled by force to leave the British dominions
under an escort of police from the jail to the
steamer on which he returned to the United
Stales which he had so gallantly served and
which were so grossly insulted in his person. 1
American citizens and soldiers who had shed
their blood and periled their lives in defense
of the Union were marched like felons from
a British dungeon escorted by constabulary,
and banished from British territory without
hearing or redress. And in this disgraceful
proceeding our consul at Dublin, Mr. West,
failed to perform his duty and was guilty of
the greatest misdemeanor of which a consul
could be guilty.
Captain Condon was arrestel in Dublin
Feb ruary 23, 1866, and with two others con-
fined in Chancery lane police station four
days and three nights, in a filthy cell, without
any sleeping accommodations, and not till the
night of the 20th was he transferred to the
better but still loathsome accommodations of
Kilmainham. Papers proving his citizenship
were found upon mm, and in place of aiding
him were taken from him. On the iith of
, March lie wrote to Consul West claiming the
protection of his Government. Consul West
did not reply so promptly as he should have
done. After being in jail two months, April
21, 1806, Condon received a letter from the
consul stating that he was urging the attention
of the lord lieutenant to the case, and hoping
for some favorable reply. One week after- ,
ward he received another letter from Consul ;
West, stating that— i
"The lord lieutenant is decidedly unfavorable to i
the recognition by him of your [Condon'sJ claim to
be a citizen of the United States; yet, inasmuch as
there may be a long delay in the settlement of this
question of allcgianee, should the Irish executive
be disposed to liberate you conditionally, it will be -
for you to consider whether it bo not expedient to
accept the terms that muilit be offered."
To this Captain Condon replies, April 30,
18GG:
"As I hare no doubt this question of allegiance '
will cilice ;t dispute between both Governments, I, j|
sir. mil abide the i.-.me, well believing that my Gov- b
ci" inent-w al take a b.ild and ditfnilied stand on this
iuipon.uit question."
Nine days afterward the consul writes that
press of business prevented his earlier atten-
tion, but he would still continue to use his best
exertions. _ •
After waiting another month, having been
now over three months immured, Captain
Condon received a note from the consul ask-
ing him to procure a certificate of his natural-
ization, although he had informed the consul
three months previously that the papers prov-
ing his naturalization had been taken from
him on his arrest, and could have been easily
procured in an hour from the detective police
office in Dublin, where they were afterward
found, on application.
The following are the closing letters of the
correspondence:
United St ites Consulate,
Dublin, July 4,1S66.
Sir: I am happy to inform you that his excellency
the lord lieutenant has been pleased to order your
liberation on condition that you return direct to the
United btates.
In haste, yours, obediently,
WILLIAM B. WEST, Consul.
Mr. Patrick j. Condon, Mountjoy J'rmon.
Captain Condon to Consul West.
Mountjoy Prison, July 10,18GG.
Sir: On the 4th instant the governor of this prison
read for me my conditional discharge, which was in
substance as follows: that I should go from here to
Queenstown underrnlk'e escort, and there take pas-
sage in a packet ship for the United states direct, and
not return to Ireland within a reasonable time. I
immediately refused to accept of my release on those
conditions, and informed the governor that I had
business of considerable importance to myself to
arrange in this country and in Scotland before leav-
ing Europe: and also that I wished to ;?o under med-
ical treatment for a short time, as my health was
much impaired by confinement. Yonr letter of the
4th reached me on the 5th instant, which left me no
other alternative than to recall my non-acceptanco
of release by acceptance of the conditions offered.
Now, sir, I wish to be informed by you if those con-
ditions are accepted of for me by the United States
Government. If they are. I shall conclude that grave
and pressing reasons hare urged upon it the humili-
ating-necessity ofconsentingto have its citizens (who
are neither charged nor convicted of any crime)
marched like common malefactors through the thor-
oughfares of a foreign country to its very confine^,
and thence banished. I say if such necessity exists I
bow my head to the stroke: but if not, I shall sooner
1 find a grave here, which I ain very likely to do if 1
; am keptmueli longer in confinement, as my health is
bad, than accept of terms which would lessen mccven j
in my own estimation. I respectfully demand that .
you send this letter, or a copy of it, to our minister .
to London, the reply to which I will anxiously look .
for. I prefer adopting thi« course of sending to him
through you than writing to himself direct. :
Very resuectfully, yours.
PATRICK J. CONDON.
Mr. Wit.1.1 v'A B. Wf.st, Vnited Mates Consul.
Consul West to Captain Condon.
United States Consulate,
Dublin, July 12, 1866.
StB : I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your let-
ter ot the 10th instant, received by last night's post,
and in reply inform you that my letter to you of the
4th instant Wds intended merely as an official notice
to you of your liberation, and the conditions thereof,
so faras I was informed by this Government. Inreply
{ to your Question, the term3 of your release, that you
should be escorted to the ship by police, which I
learned for t ho first time from your letter, are accepted
i for you by the United States Government. I have to
; say that I received no authority to accept or reject
any conditions that this Government may think ne-
! cessary to impose for your release, and am in no Way
! responsible for the action of the Irish executive in
| relation to such conditions, which it will be entirely
! for you to consider the expediency of accepting or
[ not.
I I have, as you requested, forwarded a copy of you*
letter to Mr. Adams.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM B. WEST, Coimd.
Mr. Patrick J. Condon, Mountjoy Prison.
United States Consulate,
^ ' Dublin, July 14, 1868.
j Sin: I have, as you wished, transmitted your letter
j to me to Mr. Adams, and now inform you that my
; reply thereto is approved of by him. I can now only
express my regret that tho authorities should have
| thought so unfavorably of your case as to impose
conditions on your liberation to which you object. I
shall, however, continue uiy services on your behalf,
, whenever a favorable opportunity shall be presented
for doing so.
< I am, sir, your obedient servant.
| WILLIAM B. WEST, Cormd.
Mr. Patrick J. Condon, Mountjoy Prison.
On the 19th of July, 18(5(1. after five months'
imprisonment, the lust two weeks beingnt hard
labor, and three days on bread and water, for
cheering in his prison for the United States on
the 4th of duly, this American citizen and
soldier, not having committed any crime, not
even accused of doing so, was marched between
two of the constabulary through the country to
Cork and banished the country.
Another case was that of General Denis P.
Burke, who acted as secretary of the soldiers'
meeting at Cooper Institute, New York, on the
23d ultimo ; a man who, in the graphic language
of General Halpine, in speaking to that meet-
ing, had three times won the rights of citizen-
ship, once by the regular form of naturalization,
and twice afterward by honorable discharges
from the American Army, in which he had
participated in forty-two general engagements.
This gallant officer, who bears the memorials of
his services on his breast, perforated by confed-
erate bullets, shortly after the conclusion of the
war went to Europe to recruit his shattered
health, accompanied by his young and delicate
wife. After travelingfor awhile through France
and Germany, he determined to visit his native
land, to see old friends, and gladden the eyes
of his beloved companion with a sight of the
savage grandeur of Donegal and the beauteous
scenery of Killarney and Wicklow. But from
the day on which he set foot on Irish soil he
was persistently dogged by British spies, and,
after a few weeks, was arrested and cast into
prison, where he, an invalid, remained for
seven months, while his sick wife was left alone,
in a strange land, to appeal for discharge and
redress through Mr. Consul West. But the
appeals of the devoted wife were as ineffectual
as the manly remonstrances of her gallant
husband; and when at length he was released
through other influences, he was accompanied
on board a steamer by a policeman and sent
back to America, on condition that he should
never again set foot on the soil that gave him
birth ; and on the day of his discharge from
Mountjoy jail—being escorted by armed police-
men on board a vessel just about sailing for
America—he knew no more what he had been
arrested for than he knew before his arrest;
and he was a gentleman who, at that time, had
never sat in any Fenian circle. This outrage
was but one of many hundred precisely Resem-
bling it.
Another case was that of John H. Rogers,
arrested in Dublin February 18, 18C7. The
following extracts from a long letter addressed
! to me, and Which I received from him on
| Thursday last, I beg leave to read:
I " As one of your constituents I tako the liberty of
Elacing bef'orb you a copy of the correspondence
etween William B. West, Esq., United Statesconsul,
i Dublin, Ireland, and myself, a native American citi-
i ten of theso United States, and late a political pris-
oner in Mountjoy convict prison, Dublin.
" As you will observe from the correspondence, the
prisoner, whoever ho may be, whether a native or a
| naturalized citizen of tho United States, will derive
l as much benefit by at once appealing to the director
of the prison to obtain his release as he will by call-
ing to his aid the representative of the United States.
" I was immured some months without any positive
charge against me.
"I now ask why was the position of consul at
Dublin created? What rights are guarantied an
American citizen when arrested and imprisoned oti
foreign soil, who has committed no act against the
Government by which he is imprisoned?
"On the 29th of May, 18(57, I took my departure
between two police officers trotn the Irish baslile.
At every prominent station on the route I was re-
quested. on the plea of 'stretching the limbs,' to
parade beforo the eyes of to me ubiquitous detect-
ives; and more especially was this the cfisc at
QucenstowB, where for hours tho steady gaze of the
entire corps was fastened on me, whose only crime,
in fact, was that my dress and appearance denoted
the American. Had I committed too most Heinous
crime known in the calendar more effective meas-
ures could not have been taken, not only to lessen
the chance of escape, but to imprint on tho minds of
her majesty's myrmidons tho countenance of your
humble servant, which had already been taken by
the artist connected with the prison, and which now
adorns the gallery as Xo. 544. The length of time
passed by me in prison was three months and a half,
during which time, owing to close confinement and
prison diet, my health has suffered considerably l and
in this connection I would state that during the time
above mentioned I was brought in contact with many
naturalized Americans, men who to the best of their
ability fouzht for our glorious flag, but in prison
Were donied the fight of native Americans, and in
