3486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
that bill it would have largely increased the pay
to these same employes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not increase the
aggregate. Did it not diminish the number?
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps not, for the
officers named, but it would have increased the
aggregate. At any rate, we thought the un-
questionable effect would be to increase the
expenses of the Treasury Department at pres-
ent, and we did not feel disposed to report it.
It raised the pay of all the employes, all the
clerks, and all the officers of the Treasury
Department, I think without exception.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; thatisagreat
mistake.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very common to say
that a particular plan to reorganize a Depart-
ment will decrease the aggregate expense while
it is increasing the pay. That always involves
an absurdity, because if the number of em-
ploy6s under the new organization is found not
to be sufficient to do the work they always ask
for an increase, and the result is an increased
expenditure. That will bo the case in regard
to that bill. At any rate that bill is now pend-
ing before the Committee on Finance. We
concluded not to act upon it at this session,
simply because it does raise the pay of the
employes. In lieu of that we have provided
by another amendment for an increase of the
pay of the Comptrollers and Auditors to a
limited amount.
Mr. CONNBSS. I was not aware that the
measure introduced by the honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessentden] increased the
compensation of all the officers in the Treasury.
On the contrary, I understood that it was to
be a great reform, that although it did put up
a few salaries of men deserving increased com-
pensation, it so organized the labor of the
Department that the sum total would be less
than is now paid, and would be brought to an
ascertained amount. That is what I under-
stood. However, the honorable Senator from
Ohio has had it in his charge for a great many
months and ought to know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
is entirely mistaken in saying that it increases
the pay of all the employes. It increases the
pay of comparatively a very small number of
them.
Mr. CON NESS. That of course I leave to
be adjusted between the author of the bill and
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I
supposed that the passage of the bill would be
a great public advantage. If it makes too great
an advance in the salaries of the employes of
the Treasury the Committee on Finance have
the privilege of cutting those down and report-
ing the bill to us.
But, Mr. Pt esident, I rose more to say that
the honorable Senator was not authorized by
anything I had said to describe me as simply
wishing to make an attack on the Secretary of
the Treasury ; and I take it he only did it to
give himself an opportunity to spring to that
official's defense. I certainly made no attack
upon him. I did not name him. I said we
were consideringunascertained appropriations;
that there was inexactness about them, and
that was confessed; that I had just listened to
a speech from the honorable Senator who has
this bill in charge who said he could not state
anything about it tinder certain heads. Now,
sir, I do not think—and I wish to say that
while I am up—that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is one of the worst of men—far from it. I
do not think that he is the best fitted for that
office in this country by far. But I never have
assailed that officer to any extent; certainly
never as much as I felt like doing, and felt
that he deserved. I have been of the opinion
that that practice here is not very well timed,
and that it perhaps had better not be followed;
that it produces no great public good. My own
opinion is that those engaged in carrying on
great Departments of the Government ought
to have the confidence of the people ; and when
I have felt from time to time like criticising
the head of the Treasury Department I have
restrained myself by considerations of this
character. But there was nothing said by me
that should induce the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance to spring to the
Secretary's defense. I think that had better
be left to others to do.
I am not among those, as suggested by the
Senator from Ohio, who doubt the truth of
statements made by political opponents. I
believe there are as honorable and truthful men
ranking among my opponents, politically, as
there are on the side that I am on ; but I have
not a very high opinion of the kind of politics
that I understand to be those of the Secretary
of the Treasury. As I understand him, he took
office and began as a Republican, and as I
understand him now he is not a Democrat. If
I wore called upon to describe him I should
describe him, and I think the country would
agree with me, as a bad Republican merely, so
bad that he has lost his standing with the party
that gave him office, and yet holds on to the
office.
Mr. HOWE. Uncurrent.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, uncurrent; and yet
he has held on to the office. It has been said
of persons whoget high offices particularly that
few die and none resign. In my opinion that
officer, when he was unable longer to cooperate
as a member of the great Union party of the
country, through whom he had acquired his
high place, should have in honor laid down his
office. There was only one consideration, per-
haps, that could have induced him honorably
"to keep it, and that was a conviction that his
keeping it was necessary to the safety and honor
of the couutry. Nobody would agree with him
if he were to give that reason ; and that could
not be the reason why he has held it. I have
no opinion, in point of fact, of the politics of
those gentlemen who have continued in office
and at the head of Departments under this
Administration who acquired their power by
professing one class of opinions and then held
it by continually violating those opinions.
So much for politics. The honorable Sen-
ator, if I have consumed time upon the subject,
is responsible for it, for I did not talk of pol-
itics when up before. I simply desired to aid
my friend from Illinois, who always has an eye
to these matters, and who has given a good
deal of labor to endeavoring to correct abuses
in the Treasury Department. Guided by his
experience and instructed by it, I certainly
shall not intrude myself upon the Senate much,
nor attempt to accomplish much public good ;
for all his efforts thus far, I think, have been
vain, or nearly so. However, I hope he will
not grow weary of well doing, but will keep on
in the right way and direction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind Senators that the question is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. lam well aware
of that. I do not rise to continue the debate,
but simply to express my admiration of the
manner in which the honorable Senator from
California comes to the rescue of, or to back
up, the Senator from Illinois. If he had not
sat down with the statement that that was his
object, nobody could misunderstand the course
of his remarks so as to suppose that he could
have had any desire or purpose to enlighten the
Senate upon the subject-matter before it, for
he has made no attempt at that.
The Senator, on rising to reply to some re-
marks that I had submitted to the Senate, had
the grace to say that he had received no light
at all from the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. That, I have no doubt, is
altogether my fault. I was in hopes that the
honorable Senator himself would be luminous
on this subject and would give the Senate some
light. If the Senate really have received any
light upon the question as to whether an in-
crease of the clerical force of the several
Departments is really necessary to the service
of the country or not from the remarks of
the honorable Senator I shall be very glad.
The Senator, in a sort of facetious way,,
undertakes to tell the Senate of the Unites
States that the "generous" chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has lent himself
to the purposes of the Treasury Department.
He does not say that in words ; but that is the
substance of it; that out of good nature, oat
of an abundance of generosity, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations is willing,
to lend himself to the purposes of the Secretary
of the Treasury to deplete the Treasury of the
United States; to take away its money; that
I am willing to make this bill plethoric; that
that has been the office and the function I have
performed ; that I come here with a bill which
he would facetiously tell the Senate of thei
United States I wished to impose upon the
country, to take money out of the Treasury ;
and my honorable friend, with an abundance,
of good nature, seems to enjoy exhibiting me
to the country in that light. Sir, I do not know
but that the Senate will get that impression.
I do not know but that I have done something
or said something which justifies the impres-
sion that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations has really been disposed to
make this bill plethoric, redundant, overflow-
ing with money from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States; and I do not know but that the
Senate of the United States will believe that
my associates upon the Committee on Appro-
priations have lent themselves to that purpose.
But I would say to the honorable Senator
that all such allusions as that, whether in good
nature or otherwise, are a gratuity which he
ought not to feel that I can afford he should
indulge in ; and however he is entertained by
it, it is a cheap kigd of entertainment which I
do not fancy. He may. When he knows more
about the duties of the Committee on Appro-
priations he will have loss to say about it; and
when he understands more of its duties he will
be in a better condition to enlighten the Sen-
ate upon the particular subject before the
Senate on this proposition. I do not know a
great deal about it, but I presume I know more
about the clerks and the clerical force of the
Treasury Department than the honorable Sen-
ator does, or will know on that subject, unless
he addresses himself particularly to it. I do
not say this, of course, out of any disrespect to
him or to charge him with any want of general
information; but I say it simply that having
attended to my particular duty in fixing the
appropriations for this branch of the service I
am not to be told by that Senator, either in a
general or special way, that I cannot enlighten
him upon that subject, and that, therefore, I
have no information on the subject myself!
Mr. President, I undertake to say that the
Committee on Appropriations have made this
.appropriation bill as it came from the com-
mittee in conformity to the law ; we have pro-
vided for the service demanded by the law;
and when the Senator from California under-
takes _ to criticise our report he had better
examine and see where the short-coming is.
If he says we are depleting the Treasury, let
him look at the bill and see where we propose
to draw a dollar out of the Treasury not author-
ized by the statutes of the United States. I
undertake to say to that Senator and to the
Senate that the bill as it came from the com-
mittee authorizes nothing for the Treasury
Department or any other Department of the
Government, except what is not only justified
but demanded by the public service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment that
we are discussing did not come from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; and I
had tried to make a distinction between the
labors of the Committee on Appropriations
and the labors which we deemed belonged to
the Committee on Finance; but I could not
enlighten my honorable friend from California
on that subject; and so I succeeded in getting
the compliment of a willingness to deplete the
Treasury, out of a generosity which in this
respect the honorable Senator knows as well
as anybody would not be public virtue by any
