854
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. Boudinot, (page 487,) said:
"Neither this clause [of impeachment] nor any
other goes so far as to say it shall be the only mode
of removal; therefore, we may proceed to inquire
■what the other is. Let us examine whether it be-
longs to the Senate and President. Certainly, sir,
there is nothing that gives the Senate this right in
express terms; but they are authorized, in express
words, to beconcerned in the appointment. And does
this necessarily include the power ofremoval ? If the
President complains to the Senate of the misconduct
of an officer, and desires their advice and consent to
the removal, what are the Senate to do ? Most cer-
tainly they will inquire if the complaint is well
founded. To do this they must eall the officer be-
fore them to answer. Who, then, are the parties?
The supreme executive officer against his assistant;
and the Senate are to sit as judges to determine
whether sufficient cause of removal exists. Does not
this set the Senate over the head of the President?
But suppose they shall decide in favor of the officer,
what a situation jsthePresidentthenin, surrounded
by officers with whom, by his situation, ho is com-
pelled to act, but in whom lie can have no confi-
dence, reversing the privilege given him by the Con-
stitution, to preventnishavmg ollicersimposed upon
him whodo not meet his approbation V'
In these weighty words of Mr. Boudinot and
Mr. Madison is found the marrow of the whole
controversy. There is no escaping from it.
If this body pursue the method now adopted
they must be responsible to the country for the
action of the executive department; and if
officers aie to be maintained, as these* wise
statesmen say, over the head of the President,
then that power of the Constitution which
allowed him to have a voice in their selection
is entirely gone ; for I need not say that if it is
to be dependent upon an instantaneous selec-
tion, and thereafter there is to be no space of
repentance or no change of purpose on the
part of the Executive as new acts shall de-
velop themselves and new traits of character
shall show themselves in the incumbent, it is
idle to say that he lias the power of ap-
pointment. It must be the power of appoint-
ment from day to day ; that is the power of
appointment for which he should be held re-
sponsible, if he is to be responsible at all. I
wish to ask your attention to the opinions ex-
pressed by some of the statesmen who took
part in this determination of what the effect,
and the important effect, of this conclusion of
the Congress of 178'.) was. None of them
overlooked its importance on one side or the
other ; and I bog leave to read from the life and
works of the elder Adams, at page 4-18 of the
first volume, the interesting comments of one,
himself a distinguished btatesman, in whom
we all1 have confidence, Mr. Charles Francis
Adams:
"The question most earnestly disputed turned upon
the power vested by the Constitution in the Presi-
dent to remove the person at the head of that bureau
at his pleasure. One party maintained it was an
absolute right. The other insisted that it was subject
to the same resti ietion of a ratification by tho Senate
which is requited when tho officer is appointed. After
a iongeontestm tho House of Representatives, term-
inating in favor of theunrestrieted construction, tho
bill came up to the Senate lor its approbation.
" This ease was peculiar and highly linpoi tant. By
an anomaly in the Constitution, which, upon any
recognized theory, it is difficult to defend, tho Senate,
which, m the last resort, is made the judicial tribunal
to try thoPresidcntformalveisci'ion m office, is like-
wise clothed with tho power of d-niyiivr lum the
agents in whom ho maychoo'-emost to ronlide for tho
faithful execution oi the duties of his fetation, and
forcing him to select such as they may prefci. If, in
addition to thK the power of displacing such as lie
found uiiwoithyof trust had been suOje-'ted to the
same control, it cannot admit ol a doubt that the
Government mu«(, m course ot tim«\ have become
an oligarchy, in which the President would sink into
a mere instrument of any faction that might happen
to be in the ascendant m the Senate; this, U>o, at
the samo tune t hat he would be subject to be tried by
them for offenses in his department, over which he
could exercise no effective restraint whatever. In
such caps the alternative is inevitable, either that
he would have become a confederate with that fac-
tion, and therefore utteily beyond the reach of pun-
ishment b> impeachment at their hands for otfenses
committed with their privity, if not at their dicta-
tion, or else, in case of his refusal, that he would have
been powerless to defend himself against the para-
lyzing operation of their ill-will. Such a. state of
subjection in tho executive head to the Legislature is
subversive of all ideas of a balance of powers drawn
from the thcoiyof tho British Constitution, and ren-
ders probable at any moment a collision, in which
one side or the other, and it is most bkelv to be the
Legislature, must be ultimately annihilated.
"Yet, however true these views may be in the ab-
stract, it would scaicely havecaused surprise if their
soundness had not been appreciated in the Senate.
The temptation to magnify their authority is com-
monly ail-powei ful wit h public bodies of ovorv kind
In any other stage of the present Government than
the fitbt it would have proved quite irresistible.
But throughout the administration of General Wash-
ington there is visible among public men a degree
of indifference to power and place which forms one
of the most marked features of that time. More
than once the highest Cabinet and foreign appoint-
ments went begging to suitable candidates, and
begged in vain. To this fact it is owing that public
questions of such moment were then discussed with
as much of personal disinterestedness as can prob-
ably ever be expected to enter into them anywhere.
Yet even with all these favoring circumstances it
soon became clear that the republican jealousy of a
centralization of power in the President would com-
bine with the esprit du corps to rally at least half the
Senate in favor of subjecting removals to their con-
trol. In such a case the responsibility of deciding
the point devolved, by tho terms of the Constitution,
upon Mr. Adams, as Vice President. The debate
was continued from the 15th to the 18th of July, a
very long time for that duy in an assembly compris-
ing only twenty-two members when full, but seldom
more than twenty in attendance. A very brief ab-
stract, the only one that has yet seen the light, is
furnished in the third volume of the present work.
Mr. Adams appears to have made it for the purpose
of framing his own judgment in the contingency
which he must have foreseen as likely to occur. The
final vote was taken on the 18th. Nine Senators voted
to subject the President's power of removal to the
will of tho Senate: Messrs. Few, Grayson, Gunn,
Johnson, Izard, Langdon, Lee, Maclay, and Win-
Kate. On the other hand, nino Senators voted against
claiming tho restriction : Messers. Bassett, Carroll,
Dalton, .Elmer, Henry, Morris, Paterson, Read, and
Strong. The result depended upon the voice of the
Vieo Presidont, It was tho first time that ho had
been summoned to such a duty. It was the only
time during his eight years of servicc in that place
that ho felt the case to be of such importance as to
justify his assigning reasons for his voto. These rea-
sons were not committed to paper,however, and can,
therefore, never bo known. But in their soundness
it is certainthathe never had the shadow of a doubt,
llis decision settled tho question of constitutional
power in favor of tho President, and, consequently,
established the practioo under the Government,
which has continued down to this day. Although
there have been occasional exceptions taken to it in
argument, especially at momcntswhcn the executive
power, wielded byastrong hand, seemed to encroach
upon the limits of the coordinate departments, its
substantial correctness has been, on the whole, quite
generally acquiesced in. And all have agreed that
no single net of the First Congress has been attended
with moro important effects upon the working of
every part of the Government."
It is thus that this was regarded at the time
that the transaction took place. I beg now to
call the attention of the Senate to the opinions
of Fisher Ames, as expressed in letters written
by him concurrently with the action of the
Congress to his correspondent, an intelligent
lawyer of Boston, Mr. George Kichards Minot.
In a letter to Mr. Minot, dated the 31st of
May, 1789, to be found in the first volume of
the life of Mr. Ames, page ol, lie writes:
"You dislike the responsibility of the President
in the ease ot the Ministerof Foreign Affairs, I would
have the President responsible for his appointments ;
and if those whom he puts in are unfit they may bo
impeached on misconduet, or he may remove them
when he finds them obnoxious. Jt would be easier
for a minister to secure a faction in tho Senate or get
the protection of the Senators of his own State than
to secure the protection of tho President, whoso char-
acter would suffer by it. The number of the Sena-
tors, tho scercey of their doings, would shelter than,
and a corruptconnection between those who appoint
to office and who also maintain in office nnd the offi-
cers themselves would be created. The meddling of
the Senate in appointments is one of t he least do ten-i-
bio parts of tho Constitution. 1 would not extend their
power any further."
And again, under date of June !23, 1780, page
r>C) of the same volume:
" The debate in relation to the President's power
of removal from office is an instance. Four days'
unceasing specchuymg lias furnished you with the
meiits o{ the question. The tram-action of yester-
day mavneed some elucidation. In the Committee
ot the Whole it was moved to strike out the words
'to be lemovable by the President,' &e. This did
not pass, and the words were retained. The bill was
reported to the House, and a motion made to insert
in tho second clause, 'whenever an officer shall be
removed by the President, or a vacancy bhall happen
in any other way,' to tho intent to suike out the first
word". The first words, 'to be removable,'&c.t were
supposed to amount to a legislative disposal of the
power of removal. Ii the Constitution had vested
i it in the President, it was impioper to use such words
as would imply that the power was to be exercised
by him in virtue of this act. The mover and sup-
porters of the amendment supposed that a grant by
the Legislature might be resumed, and that as the
Constitution had already given it to the President it
was putting it on better eround, and, if once gained
by the declaration of both Houses, would be a con-
struction ot the Constitution, and not liable to future
encroachincnts. Others, who contended against the
advisory part of the Senate in removals, supposed
the liist ground the most tenable, that it would in-
clude Uie_latter, and operate as a declaration of the
Constitution, and at the same time expi e=-dy dispose
of the power. They further apprehended that any
change of position would divide tho victors and en-
danger the final decision in bothllouses. There was
certainly weight in this last opinion. Yet, the amend-
ment being actually proposed, it remained only to
choose between th e two clauses. I think the latter,
which passed, and which seems to imply the legal
(rather constitutional) power of the President, is the
safest doctrine. This prevailed, and the fir3t words
were expunged. This has produced discontent, and
possibly in the event it will be found disagreement,
among those who voted with the majority.
44 This is in fact a great question, and I feel perfectly
satisfied with tho President's right to exercise the
power, cither by the Constitution or the authority
of an act. The arguments in favor of the former fall
short of full proof, but in my mind they greatly pre-
ponderate.
"You will say that Ihave expressed my sentiments
with some moderation. You will bo deceived, for my
wholchearthasbccnengagedinthisdebate. Indeed,
it has ached. Ithas kept me agitated, and in no small
degree unhappy. I am commonly opposed to those
who modestly assume the rank of champions of lib-
erty and make a very patriotic noise about the peo-
ple. It is the stale artifice which has duped the
world a thousand times, and yet, though detected, it
i3 still successful. I love liberty as well as anybody.
I am proud of it, as the true title of our people to
distinction above others; but so are others, for they
havo an interest and a pride in the same thing. But
I would guard it by making the laws strong enough
to protect it. In this debate a stroke was aimed at
the vitals of the Government, perhaps with the best
intentions, but I have no doubt of the tendency to a
true aristocracy."
It will thus be seen, Senators, that the states-
men whom we most revere regarded this as, so
to speak, a construction of the Constitution as
important as the framing of itself had been.
And now, a law of Congress having introduced
a revolution in the doctrine and in the practice
of the Government, a legislative construction
binding no one and being entitled to little re*
spect from the changeableness of legislative
constructions, in the language of the honor-
able Senator from Oregon, the question aiises
whether a doubt, whether an act in reference
to the unconstitutionality of this law on the
part of the executive department is a ground
of impeachment. The doctrine of unconsti-
tutional law seems to me—and I speak with
great respect—to be wholly misunderstood by
the honorable Managers in the propositions
which they present. Nobody can ever violate
an unconstitutional law, for it is not a rule
binding upon him or anybody else. His con-
duct in violating it or in contravening it may
be at variance with other ethical and civil con-
ditions of duty ; and for the violation of those
ethical and civil conditions he may be respon-
sible. If a marshal of the United States, exe-
cuting an unconstitutional fugitive slave bill,
enters with the process of the authority of law,
it does not follow that resistance may be car-
ried to the extent of shooting the marshal; '
but it is not because it is a violation of that
law ; for if it is unconstitutional there can be
no violation of it. It is because civil duty does
not permit civil contests to be raised by force
and violence. Sq, too, if a subordinate execu-
tive officer, who has nothing but ministerial
duty to perform, as a United States marshal
in the scrvicc of process under an unconstitu-
tional law, undertakes to deal with the ques-
tion of its unconstitutionality, the ethical and
civil duty on his part is, as it is merely min-
isterial on his part to have his conscience de-
termine whether he will execute it in this min-
isterial capacity or whether he will resign his
office. He cannot, under proper ethical rules,
determine whether the execution of the law
shall be defeated by the resistance of the appa-
ratus provided for its execution; but if the law
bears upon his personal rights or official emol-
uments, then, without a violation of the peace,
he may raise the question of the law and resist
it consistently with all civil and ethical duties.
Thus we see at once that we are brought face
to face with the fundamental propositions, and
I ask attention to a passage from the Federal-
ist, at page 549, where there is a very vigorous
discussion by Mr. Hamilton of the question of
unconstitutional laws ; and to the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison in 1 Cranch. The subject is
old, but it is there discussed with a luminous
wisdom, both in advance of the adoption of the
Constitution and of its construction by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, that may
well displace the more inconsiderate and loose
