4460
Tim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will waive the ques-
tion of order for that if it is a distressing case.
But the Senator from Massachusetts has sub-
mitted a proposition, and 1 make the point of
order upon his proposition, that the Senate
cannot pass from one class of business to
another pending a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
certain priority of business that is settled by
our rules. I do not understand that this is
one of those cases. The call of the yeas and
nays had not commenced when the debate
arose, and I suppose any Senator having the
floor may move to proceed to any other busi-
ness he pleases.
Mr. ABBOTT. I rise to a point of order,
sir ; that the yeas and nays having been called
on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, the vote was not announced by the
Chair.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill could have passed
in this time.
Mr. ABBOTT. The point of the Senator
from Pennsylvania was made before the result
was announced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fact
that the yeas and nays were being called does
not alter the position of the case ; only when
the question arises again the yeas and nays
will have lo be called over. The fact that the
yeas and nays have been ordered does not give
this business priority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair will indulge
me. That is not the point. The yeas and
nays had been called and a question of order
was raised as to whether one or more of the
Senators who had answered could answer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
remember whether the vote was announced or
not. The yeas are 17, and the nays 21 
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair cannot an-
nounce the result of this vote until the Senate,
upon the point made, decides whether certain
Senators  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
true, the question of order was prior to all
others.
SAMUEL TIBBETTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand that
anybody objects to taking up the bill I have
mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves now to consider the bill
mentioned by him. Is there any objection to
taking up the bill indicated by the Senator from
Iowa? ["No!'']
The bill (H. R. No. 39(>) for the relief of
Samuel Tibbetts was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the sum of ยง200 to
Samuel Tibbetts, being for money paid by him
for the entry of land upon which he had before
located a land warrant, and which warrant,
before a patent was issued, had been lost by the
officers of the land office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
pay of southern sknators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I again renew my motion,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew my question
of ordei, that until the result of the vote be
announced the Senator cannot submit another
proposition, any more than if the Secretary
were in the middle of the roll-calling. There
can be no business hiving priority over it.
There is no motion that possibly can be made
which can cut off the calling of the roll, and
thatisnotconipleteduntilthe Chair announces
tin-result. That announcement cannot be made
until the question of order raised by the Sena-
tor I rom Pennsylvania has been decided, be-
cause the Chair cannot decide whether certain
votes are to be counted until the Senate settles
that question of order.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
enier a motion that this whole matter be referred
to the Committee on the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate to consider it and report on it,
so that we may get over this difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to know
if we can refer a question of order to a Con-
tingent Expenses Committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is unable to see why the Senate cannot go into
executive session at any time a Senator gets
the floor and makes a motion for that purpose.
The Chair thinks the motion can be put and
decided as the Senate pleases.
Mr. BUCKALEW. X desire to make one
remark. I shall have no objection to making
the disposition of this subject proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
after simply reading the parliamentary rule to
which I referred, and if the Chair will permit
me I shall take but a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the motion to proceed
to the consideration of executive businesss
debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I must insist upon
its being put.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am so confident of
the point I make that I will raise the question
of order, and ask the decision of the Chair that
I may take an appeal, though then we have
two questions of order before the body at the
same tune, and that is rather a queer state of
things. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair if the Chair holds that pending the call
of the roll the Senator from Massachusetts
may submit a motion that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business while the
Senate is dividing, and on the appeal I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President  
Mr. SUMNER. Is my motion debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable, but there is an appeal
taken from the decision of the Chair. The
Chair decides that when a Senator has the floor
at any stage of proceedings he may move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business. If a Senator has a right to
the floor, he has a right to make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely, as he may make
a motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir;
and if the Senate go into executive session,
and even come out again, they will find the
business just where they left it. An appeal is
taken from the decision of the Chair, and the
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am of opinion 
Mr. SUMNER. Is it debatable?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, the appeal
is debatable. I am of opinion that the Chair
is right in the decision, for if it be true that
you cannot move to procced to the considera-
tion of executive business you cannot move to
adjourn, and the question of order raised on
the validity of these votes is a question that
might be discussed for a week, and you could
not adjourn at all if the doctrine is true. If
you have commenced the call of the yeas and
nays and a question of order is raised as to
the validity of some of the votes, whether they
are to be counted or not counted, as a question
of order it might lead to a discussion that
would take us a week, and according to the
present doctrine of the Senator from Indiana
you could not interpose a motion to adjourn.
A motion for an executive session is a motion
that can be made by any persoa who has the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. What is the decision ofthe
Chair?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The decis-
ion of the Chair is that a member may move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business whenever he has the floor,
i and if the Senate agree to his motion, when
the executive session is over the business will
be resumed in the same position as it was when
the Senate went into executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. Is not the question this:
whether a Senator can move to go into execu-
tive session while the Senate is dividing by
the yeas and nays, and the vote has not been
announced?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion involves this difficulty, who is to be caljed,
and when have you got through the call ! I hat
is the real point.
Mr. SUMNER. I must insist on my motion
for an executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
argue that the roll was called through ; other
Senators say that members were called who
were not entitled to vote ; and that is the diffi-
culty. That is the question to be decided.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The roll was called
through on another question, and not on the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, I
think. My name is pretty low down on the
list, and I know I did not vote on that ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not remember that he announced the vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky; but his recollection is that an objection
was immediately taken to the vote, inasmuch
as gentlemen had voted who were not entitled
to vote, and the decision was arrested by that
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I must insist upon my
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky. I
understand the vote has not been announced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the appeal, and the yeas and nays
have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before voting upon this
question, I wish to state what I consider the
proper disposition of the matter before us.
The Senate was voting upon an amendment
moved by the Senator from Kentucky. Theyeas
and nays were called nearly or quite through.
There could be and was but one thing to be
done, and that was for the Presiding Officer to
announce that vote. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania could not raise a question while the
vote was being taken as to the right of a Sen-
ator to vote. After the vote was taken and
announced, he might then raise that question ;
but no question can be raised while the yeas
and nays are being called, and you cannot pile
up one appeal upon another or one question
of order upon another. One question of
order must be decided and finished before you
can raise a second question of order, otherwise
you would go on ad infinitum; there would be
no end to the questions of order which might
be raised. One gentleman could raise one
question, and while that was under considera-
tion another Senator could raise another, and
there would be no end. You can have but
one question of order at a time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest right here that when the vote was
taken the objection was made that certain Sen-
ators haying a right to seats on the floor were
not entitled to vote. The Chair could not an-
nounce the vote until that question was decided.
Mr.lKUMBULL. My answer to that is this-
that question could not be raised pending the
call, i.he Senator from Pennsylvania had no
right to raise the question of the right of any
person whose name is on the roll to vote while
the call was pending. After the call was through,
and the vote was announced, it would then kfvo
been competent for the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to introduce a proposition to change that
vote, or to strike out the name of some person
who had no right to vote ; but I insist that pend-
ing the vote no question can be raised as lo the
right of a Senator to vote, and if the Senate
will reflect they will remember that that was
the way in the Stockton case. Mr. Stockton
voted ; his vote was counted ; and the result
