1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
means. Sir, is it an immaterial matter that a
Senator of the United States, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, feels that it is
an act of generosity that he may draw millions
out of the Treasury; and does the Senator
think he pays me a compliment when he says
that of my generosity I make a bill plethoric
of millions from the Treasury? I do not un-
derstand the compliment in that way. It is a
left-handed compliment.
Now, sir, all 1 did say, and all I meant to
say on that subject, was that the Committee on
Appropriations made this appropriation bill in
conformity to the statutes. W e provided for
the service according to the law, and where we
found no law to authorize it we turned it over
to the Committee on Finance, which is the
organ of the Treasury Department, to provide
for that temporary service which lies outside
of the law; and that is what the chairman of
that committee is attempting to do now. How
far he ought to go I said I did not know,
because it was not a subject which wo had
investigated ; but I do know this—I suppose
we all know who are tolerably well informed
in regard to the public service—that outside of
the clerks provided and specifically authorized
by statutes we have been for several years
authorizing, by appropriating a general sum—■
$300,000 in 1866, $210,000 last year—the em-
ployment of temporary clerks upon the idea
that they might not be wanted more than a
year. Last year, probably, it was hoped that
$210,000 would employ all the temporary
clerks necessary, and that this year we should
not want any ; but the Senator from Ohio, who
has charge particularly of matters of finance,
who is the organ of that Department, tells you
that now they want a portion of the temporary
force continued to the extent that will be
allowed by an appropriation of $150,000. I
wish to make the distinction that on this pre-
cise question I do not undertake to instruct the
Senate ; and if my honorable friend from Cal-
ifornia is not instructed on the subject I am
not at fault about that. I did not undertake
to instruct him, but I did undertake t,o tell him
what we had done; and when he says to me
and the Senate that I shed no light on this
subject, if that is what he means, I take no
offense.
I said when up before that I did know, in
regard to the Second Comptroller's office, that
there was a force now actually employed there
to the extent of forty-three clerks, which we
had not undertaken to provide for. Those
clerks were paid last year out of what is called
a lapsed fund, and it is exhausted, as I am
told. Now, whether the Senate of the United
States think that those forty-three clerks can
be dispensed with from the Second Comptrol-
ler's office, is a question for them to judge.
The Secretary of the Treasury says no. The
chairman of the Committee on Finance, whose
duty it is to know whether it is so or not, thinks
you cannot afford it; the public service will
suffer if it is done. I have no more right to
express any other opinions than any other gen-
tleman whose duty it is not to inquire into
that subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, but for the
fear that it would spoil a very excellent speech
that we have heard from the honorable Sena-
tor from. Maine, I should have corrected him
some time ago by stating that he has totally
misunderstood what I intended to say; and
certainly I must think that he did not listen
with care to what I did say. I understood him
to confess that in regard to these temporary
clerks he knew nothing and could state noth-
ing; and that 1 think was about how I put it.
But the honorable Senator holds me responsi-
ble for representing to the Senate and the coun-
try that he is an extravagant organ of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. Now, sir, I do not
believe that. I did not say that. I could not
have said it.
As to my knowledge of this subject I do not
profess a great deal. What I knew on it I
stated. If that was little, the honorable Sen-
ator might have been content to have let that
pass without making it appear to be so infmit-
esimally small. But, sir, it is a good and a
happy conclusion that I have arrived at, that
with the honorable chairman at the head of
that committee, in all that relates to his legiti-
mate duties always well informed, there is not
so much necessity for myself and others being
particularly and exactly informed; but the hon-
orable Senator should have had no blame for
restating here what he said himself, that of
certain matters comprehended by this bill and
the pending amendment he did not know any-
thing, or did not know much. That was what
I understood from him.
I desired also to do what I have done, call
attention to the attempt to reform this whole
service with a view of having it kept in mind
and brought up at an early day; and with what
I said I am entirely content.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state in a word
what this amendment is_, as I have called for
the yeas and nays upon it.
It is a proposition to appropriate $150,000
to be expended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his discretion, in employing what are
called temporary clerks, which he is to classify
in his discretion, and that means, I suppose,
that he is to pay them according to different
classes, as he shall judge they deserve. A
similar appropriation, under a different name,
has been made for several years. I think, from
what I have been informed to-day, the appro-
priation was $210,000 last year; and before
that it was some three hundred thousand dol-
lars, which was distributed by the Secretary
of the Treasury among the clerks of the
Department, in part by increasing their sala-
ries and giving to such as he thought proper
an increased compensation. We once had here
a report from the officers of the Department
as to how it was distributed. Now, I think it
is about time that we stopped appropriating
money at the rate of $150,000 at a time, to be
placed in the hands of any officer of this Govern-
ment, to be used in his discretion in this way.
1 know but little about the clerks in these
Departments, but little of the necessity for the
number that are employed; but it has come to
my knowledge within a few days, in a single
instance, that a clerk has applied to me, stat-
ing that the work in the particular branch of
the Department where he was engaged was
falling off, and he was very much afraid that
he would be discharged because there was no
work to do, and he wanted me to interfere in
his behalf if I could, to try and have him put
somewhere where he would be retained. I
know very little about these clerks; it is very
seldom that I make any recommendations in
any of the Departments. I presume that the
case I have just mentioned is not a single one,
but that there are many other like cases. In-
deed, I have heard it said to-day privately 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, I
should like to ask a question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
want to ask the gentleman if this $150,000
will be sufficient ? I ask the question lor this
reason : the Committee on Retrenchment had
occasion to call upon the Register of the
Treasury to know how many additional ap-
pointments had been made in his Department
since he entered upon its duties; and we
found that there had been thirteen gentlemen j
and one hundred and seventeen ladies, their j
pay involving an expenditure of $9,100 per j
month, which would be $100,200 per year;
under that gentleman alone, simply in the
Register's office. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator that if the other bureaus have increased
in the same proportion, this appropriation
ought to be a million instead of §350,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask a
question now of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; and that is whether there was any au-
thority of law already existing for the appoint-
ment of those additional number of more than
one hundred ladies and thirteen gentlemen in
that office. -
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
would prefer to refer that question to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The chairman of the
Committee ou the Judiciary does -not have
jurisdiction of the Treasury Department by
any means. He has been very unsuccessful,
as the Senator from California has said, in
trying to check any of these abuses, if there
are abuses.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should say that I understand that the gentle-
man himself who holds the office is illegally in
his place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to state
that I had heard it said privately on the floor
of the Senate since this debate commenced
that the head of one of the bureaus or divisions
in the Treasury Department had stated not
very long ago that he had more clerks than he
knew what to do with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. He probably
said that to some one who applied for a place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
anybody applied to get a new clerk. I have
not been in the habit of applying for new clerks.
I think it not unlikely that if Senators would
speak out there would be evidence that that
is the condition of things in some of the divis-
ions or bureaus of the Treasury Department.
I happen to know of one case of the clerk who
came to me, who was apprehensive because the
business had fallen off that he would lose his
place. I do not propose to take up time in
regard to this matter. I wish to record my
vote against appropriations of this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this question
is a very simple one. I wish the Senate to
understand it, and thea of course they will do
as they please about it.
For several years during the war, by acts of
Congress, we went on increasing the force in
the Treasury Department. In addition to that
for some years past we have been in the habit,
on the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, of giving a certain amount to be used
for the employment of temporary clerks. It
began under Mr. Chase, and has been con-
tinued since. The matter has been discussed
here, I thmk, every year, and every year the
necessity of the thing has been made apparent.
There are at this moment in the Treasury
Department—not all here, but some at the sub-
Treasurer's office in New York, aud some, I
suppose, in other offices where they are actually
needed—one hundred and fifty or one hundred
and sixty temporary clerks, most of whom are
absolutely essential to the transaction of the
business of the Department. If you refuse to
appropriate this §150,000 of course the em-
ployment of those clerks must stop; a very
considerable number of whom the various As-
sistant Treasurers at New York have severally
said are absolutely essential to the conduct of
business in that office must be dispensed with.
So to a less extent in Philadelphia, and so in
the Treasury Department proper here. You
must either provide by law for the employment
of these clerks, and thus make them legal, or
you must appropriate money to allow them to
be employed temporarily, and leave it to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to expend that money,
or you must dismiss the clerks.
Mr. TR U MB U LL. This appropriation does
not contemplate paying clerks at New York or
Philadelphia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It comes in trader " in-
cidental and contingent expenses of the Treas-
ury Department."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that is part
of the Treasury Department.
Mr. TliUJIBULL. There are other appro-
priations for them.
Mr. HOWE. They are appropriated for
separately.
