6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
required to do by American law before admission to
cituenship—the Irish citixeu soldiers aforesaid (lid
truly believe that tlie Government which exacted
such an oath, ajyi thereupon granted naturalization,
bound itself by that act to assert and vindicate in
every place and against every Power whatsoever its
right to roquirc such alii uration, and to confer a new
citizenship equal in every respect to thatof anative-
born American; and,
Jlemlveti, That in certain late proceedings of the
British Government—in the arrest without charge
and long imprisonment without trial of largo num-
bers of American citizens, and in the refusal toaceord
to otherswhen brought toa pretended trial the priv-
ilege of a mixed jury, half foreigners and half British
subjects, and in the present imprisonment and penal
suffering as convicts of our feilow-citizeus thus tried
and convicted—we see a distinct and authoritative
denial on the part of that Government (.whose author-
ity we were required to renounce on oath) of the
right of the Government of the United States to
naturalizo us, as well as of our right to renounce an
allegiance always odious to us: and,
Jiesolrrd, That as naturalized citizens and soldiers
of the United States, held to all the duties, services,
and responsibilities of other citizens, which duties
and services we have to the best of our ability dis-
charged both on the field of battle and in the walks
nt' private life, we the officers and soldiers of the late
Irish brigade, Corcoran legion, aod other Irish mili-
tary organizations, hold ourselves entitled to request
of our Government some effectual action with a view
to define our position: and,
Jicfoired, That the thanks of thismeeting be hereby
tendered to Hon. William E. Robinson for the
prompt and unsolicited action he has taken in bring-
ing this all-important question before the Congress
of the United States.
At another immense meeting, estimated at
ten thousand, held at Cooper Institute, New
York, on Tuesday last, November 26, similar
resolutions with similar enthusiasm and ap-
plause were adopted, after eloquent speeches
by Judge Charles P. Daly, Horace Greeley,
General Cochrane, Hon. John McKeon, Hon.
A. Oakey Hall, and others, a distinguished com-
mittee, including the speakers mentioned, was
appointed to come to Washington to urge the
measures which I have proposed upon the atten-
tion of Congress.
The applause with which the proposed action
has been received is not only enthusiastic but
unanimous. The very few and very despicable
grumblers are unheard amid the enthusiasm
with which this proposition is received—to de- j
clare and vindicate American protection to j
American citizens throughout the world. |
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to inquire, if '
the honorable gentleman will permit me, 1
whether the information he now presents to
this House in reference to outrages perpe-
trated upon American citizens has at any time
been communicated to the President or to the
Secretary of State?
Mr. ROBINSON. Not to my knowledge.
I understand that the case of Captain Condon
was sent to the President of the united States,
but what has been done by the Government in
his behalf I do not know.
Mr. LOGAN. If there has been no com-
munication of these facts made to the proper
authorities, then there ought not to be any
charges made against the legislative branch
for not taking steps for the relief of our citi-
zens abroad.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am not making any
charges against this House or this Congress.
I believe that they will do their duty. I am
only doing mine in bringing this matter before
them. If I am very earnest in my expres-
sions it is because I feel deeply on this sub-
ject.
Mr. Speaker, when we take favorable action
on this question in this House there are gallant
soldiers lying in American graves, Mulligan,
Corcoran, and the eloquent Meagher, "of the
sword," around whose tombs the echo of that
action will sound in murmurs sweet and sooth-
ing to their silent ears. And there are brave
soldiers living to whom it will be good news.
It will be good news to the gallant general who
interrupted me a moment ago; I refer to Gen-
eral Logan, of Illinois. The English doctrine j
of otic£ a subject always a subjcct does not I
only extend to the naturalized citizens, but, as '
1 understand, also to the second generation, j
Now, suppose the hero of the Shenandoah j
valley, General Sheridan, or General Logan, !
whose swords flashed the light of victory upon ;
so many battle-fields, should visit Ireland, and i
England should take the fancy to put them in
prison atui keep them there for words spoken
or acts done in their own land, it would be
within the strict interpretation of English law.
In the cases 1 have referred to the extension of
the doctrines to the second generation seems to
have been given up, but it seems only to be
held in abeyance.
This is a question of importance to thou-
sands of soldiers who have risked their lives
in defense of the American banner; men who
have friends, property, and interests at home;
men who think, and very justly, that they de-
serve the protection of the flag they fought for.
I stand not here to declare and never have
claimed that any American citizen has the right
to visit England and violate her laws; but 1 do
say that any of our citizens, traveling abroad
on business or pleasure, ought to be protected
at all hazards from outrage or insult.
I have said this question is more import-
ant than any that may come before Congress,
and we must settle it. We are going to make
a change in the law of nations. I have
said on a former occasion that the American
law which allows a man to separate himself
from the soil on which he was born shall be-
come incorporated as a recognized article in
international law. We have purchased terri-
tory in various parts of the continent. Away in
the frozen regions of the far northwest we have
acquired an immense territory, and from the
midst of a region of the ocean where torna-
does have swept islands out of existence it is
reported that we have made another purchase.
I do not want to abuse England; I only want
to have her take care of herself and let other
nations alone, particularly this country and
Ireland. She has no business in Ireland. She
never conquered her, never got a foothold
there except by fraud, which vitiates and annuls
all contracts.
Now, I want to keep up this idea of purchas-
ing territory, and I want to give England no-
tice that we will purchase Ireland, our "people
being in sympathy with her in heart and soul.
Seven centuries of English rule in Ireland,
seven centuries of desolation worse than the
seven plagues mentioned in the Apocalypse
surely nave been enough to have glutted the
vengeance of any nation. Let us, then, pur-
chase Ireland if she is willing; if not let us
take her and annex her to ourselves. Why
should we not do so? Why should we not go
east when we have gone so far to the west
with our dominion that over a part of our ter-
ritory to-day is not the 2d of December? We
are now acting on two days, and if we should
annex Ireland we shall take three days in
the calendar. [Laughter.] England, as the
world knows, for seven centuries has been
unable to manage Ireland. Let her get out
of the way and let us annex that country,
allowing her to send Representatives and Sen-
ators to the Congress of the United States.
Although this is the only resolution which I
shall bring before the House on this subject at
present, yet I hope there will be a resolution
offered by some one or some measure pre-
sented by the committee to pay the expenses
of these American citizens who have been
illegally detained and imprisoned. The family
of Colonel Warren, who served in the Ameri-
can war, are starving in New England, in Bos-
ton, for want of food. I think we ought to pay
the expenses of these citizens; and I intend,
at the proper time, to move to refer this whole
matter to the committee, with instruction that
at its first meeting it shall pass a resolution
declaring that our American minister shall
demand that all American citizens now under
sentence who did not get the full benefit
secured to aliens by English law shall either
be allowed a new trial or be immediately
released. I do not think any lawyer will say •
that that is unreasonable.
I do not wish to liberate any man who is
accused of crime, but I say we are derelict to
duty and craven if we do not instantly demand
that every American citizen, native or adopted,
now in loathsome confinement in British jails
shall be liberated unless charges of crime are
already filed against him; and if that is not
granted let the American minister come homo
and breathe his native air, and be prepared to
i stand up like a man, and not be trembling all
over like a jelly. [Laughter.]
I have done mv duty. I have calfed atten-
tion to this subject before. Twenty-five years
ago I brought it before the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, where it was referred to a committee
and slept the sleep of death. Again in 1848,
in connection with Mr. Devin Reflly, who then
with myself published a paper called the New
York People, I brought up the subject of out-
rages perpetrated by British authority upon
American citizens when that authority was
engaged in putting down the rebellion of Smith
O'Brien and others. As soon as I came to
, Congress, where it had been neglected, wish-
ing in this capacity, at least, to do something
for the benefit of the country, I brought the
' subject before the House, and the House
passed a resolution calling for all the corre-
t spondence in relation to these imprisonments,
i The Secretary of State, 'through the President,
i refused to furnish. that information on the
'; ground, I believe, that it would not be for the
public good. I say that we have the right, and
I trust that the Committee on Foreign Affairs
• will insist on getting all this correspondence
: into their hands, and, if need be, we can con-
! sider it in secret session of the House.
! I can say in sitting down, as I said in rising,
that I hope the House will do me the justice to
believe tnat I would not under any pretense
get the floor to trifle with the time of the House.
I have done what I could to excite the attention
of this people and to fall that of this House
to the subject, and I can only say that when
this thing is accomplished, when the true doc-
trine which we announce here to-day and will
hereafterinsistupon, shall become incorporated
in international law, and its vitality shall be
recognized throughout the world, though I may
have departed before that time, my memory
may live among those who have advocated it.
And in that hour of triumph for American
ideas, and may be the hour of Ireland's inde-
pendence, although—
" I. too, shall be gone; yet my name shall be spoken
When Erin awtUtes, and her fetters are broken."
Mr. ROSS. I wish to ask the gentleman if
he does not think that our citizens in Ireland
have been protected from the kind of oppression
which he alleges about as well as our citizens
in the United States have been protected from
the same kind of oppression for the last few
years.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have my own ideas
about that, and at all proper times I am willing
to answer, but I desire to keep this matter aB
clear as possible of party feeling. I know that
the gentleman from Illinois does not expect me
to answer his question.
Mr. JUDD obtained the floor.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
joint committee appointed to wait on the Presi-
dent and inform him that Congress had con-
vened and was ready to receive any communi-
cation from him, reported that the committee
had performed that duty, and were advised by
the President that he will send in a message
to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF UTAH, ETC.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to create the office of
surveyor general for the Territory of Utah,
and establish a land office in said Territory,
and extend the homestead and preemption
laws over the same ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ADMISSION OF DESERET.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the admission of
Deseret into the Union ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
