1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t;;..ur- I'k AMl'.KUAS CU'UK.Vtf ABROAD.
t a«' llo'i e (lion resumed the considerntion
of 'he -•■-o'rition otVerod bv Mr. Kokixson.
1 [r. Ji nn. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
wuh u'te:.'. :*'ii to thediltnil of unevances made
bv *h'' honorable gentleman trom New \ork,
i Mr. iioBissoN. ] and 1 say hero and nt this
ume thnt a"iv menitier ot this House who can
listen to thai detail ol' wrotus and not t'eel his
bioo 1 tl.iw a iitile ij ' i'fcer through hi* veins is
no' tUe American citizen that I supposed him
to 1*-.
The question presented by the honorable
member :n>m New York is not solely ail Irish
lj!e "<>n; i' is not   Fenian question: it is a
t' nationality: it is a question of the
proieeion of our rights and the rtjhts ot" our
.;:\j:eti< when they venturv to go from the land
of • tier adoption.
I ptviiose. with the perniission of the Ilonsc.
to give nt this time a little history of the action
of our executive government upon this ques-
tion. and to call the attention of the House and
of the country to its vacillation and want of
dignity at times, and the entire absence of that
pr i'ectton that we are bound to extend to every
man who has sworn allegiance to our Constitu-
tion and to the Government of this country.
My friend from New York has called the
attention of the House to one of the most im-
portant questions that can come before it—the
protection of the citizen when business or
pleasure calls him to foreign lands. The honor
and dignity of the nation is involved in that
question, and to neglect or delay action at the
I resent time, with all the facts that are now
presented, will sink this proud country almost
out of the list of nations. If we are not able
to defend the rights of our citizens when abroad
let us declare this to the nation and the world,
and 'ake the contumely that would follow such
a declaration. From the tirst foundation of
our Government its policy has been to invite
emigrants to these shores, holding ont to them
not only the inducement of a home and plenty,
but that greater boon—citizenship—which in
oar country means the right to govern them-
selves. We say by our Constitution and laws
that they may own and possess property, and
may aspire to any office in the gifl of the peo-
p'e except that of President of this Republic.
We require of and impose upon them all the
duties and responsibilities of that position, and
no distinction is made between the native-born
and naturalized citizen in the security and pro-
tection of their rights at home. Is there any
reason why the same protection should not be
extended to both classes when they visit for-
eign lands? The mere statement of the ques-
tion ought to be its answer in every right-
thinking republican mind. And although this
is so. the actual fact is not so, and I desire to
show to this Honse not only that the fact is not
so. but some of the reasons why it is not so.
When you confer citizenship you demand of
the new comer an oath of allegiance, and also
the following abjuration:
"And that he absolutely and entirely renounee*
•ad abjures ail allegiance and fidelity to every for-
eign prince, potentate, State, or sovereignty what-
ever, and particularly to Victoria, the Queen of
Great Britain and Ireland, of which country he has
hitherto been a subject."
This oath, taken and entered of solemn record,
determines the status of the person taking it.
He becomes a citizen, and under our Consti-
tution and laws his rights are as certain, fixed,
determined, and complete as that of the native
born. There are no qualifications, no condi-
t.ons. You do not say to him that he shall
stay at home and never travel abroad. There
i  no conditional citizenship. In looking over
our past records upon this question the public
officials seem to have shrank from enforcing
these rights. There is a principle or theory in
relation to government claimed by some of the
nations of Europe that if allowed to be en-
forced destroys entirely the quality of absolute
American citizenship. There is not a civilized
nation that does not in some form recognize
the right of a person to change liis domicile
or expatriate himself. The doctrine of j>er-
petual allegiance is derived from the durkages,
the ume when liovermueiits were maintained
tor the 'oene.'il of ruiers and no: for the peo-
ple. Sovereigns were everything: subjects were
nothing.
In these days some of the military Govern-
ments of Kurope seek to enforce this rule, and
to-day Great Britain and Prussia say to the
citizeus of the United States, " True it is. you
are citizens of the United States, but still you
are subjects of our kings." and they act upon it.
It is not with those nations a mere theory, Mr.
Speaker. In Prussia our citizens are com-
pelled to do military duty for u Government
the allegiance to winch we have compelled
them to u!>jure under oath, mid although Great
Britain does not demand military service she
does more than that, iler courts deny rights
to our citizens that are given to every other
natipn in its tribunals. Kent and Story have
partially recognued the pretensions of these
foreign Governments. Tiiey were too near the
time of our separation from the mother coun-
try. Lawyers educated under the common law
system, full of precedent, they apparently sub-
scribed to that which they found in the English
books. It seems to me if they had reflected
upon the oath required of every one before
they became citizens, namely, "And that he ab-
solutely and entirely renounces and abjures all
allegiance and fidelity to every foreign prince,
potentate, State, or sovereignty whatever, and
particularly to William I, King of Prussia,"
and then kept in mind that our Government
had from its foundation invited foreigners to
take this oath, they would hardly have stated,
even inferentially, that the persous taking it
owed any perpetual or any other allegiance to
the country they have foresworn.
That the House may be more forcibly im-
pressed with the operations of this foreign
theory, I wish to recur to a few cases that have
occurred and passed into history. In the case
of the forcible incorporation of John Philip
Knoche, a naturalized citizen, into the army
of Prussia, in 1840, Mr. Wheaton refused aid
to such person on his own responsibility, and
in the following terms:
" Bat, haTing returned to the country of your birth,
your native domicile and national character revert,
so long as you remain in the Prussian dominion.-'
Mr. Everett, as Secretary of State, approved
of this doctrine of Mr. Wheaton, and in a
dispatch to Mr. Barnard, minister to Prussia,
dated January 14, 1S-33, says: *
"His departure is of the nature of an escape from
her laws: and if at any subsequent period he is
indiscreet enough to return to hisnativc country he
cannot complain if those laws are executed to his
disadvantage."
But these cases continued to multiply, and
our Government at last began to appreciate
the importance of this question. The case of
Koszta, taken from an Austrian vessel in the
bay of Smyrna, aroused public attention. Sec-
retary Marcy's justification was placed on the
ground that Austria was a violator of neutral
territory; and that agitation awoke public
attention to the importance of this question.
General Cass, as Secretary of State, in 18-39,
in a communication addressed to our minister
at Berlin, enunciated the true American doc-
trine. He says :
"The moment a foreigner becomes naturalized his
allegiance to his nativecoun try issevered forever. lie
experiences a new political birth. Abroad and im-
passable line separates him from hisnative country.
He is no more responsible for anything he may say or
do or omit to say or do, after assuming his new char-
acter. than if he had been born in the United States.
Should he return to his native country he returns as
an American citizen and in no other character. In
order to entitle his original Government to punish
him for an offense, this must have been committed
while ho was a subject and owed allegiance to that
Government. The offense must have been complete
before his expatriation. It must have been of such
a character that he might have been tried and pun-
ished for it at the moment of his departure. A future
liability to serve in the army will not be sufficient:
because before the time can arrive for such service
he has chanced his allegiance and has become a cit-
izen of the United States. It would be quite absurd
i to contend that a boy brought to this country from
] a foreign country, with his father's family, when but
. twelve years of ace and naturalized.here, who should
| afterward visit the country ot his birth when he had
li become a man, might then be seized and compelled
to perform military service because if ho hud re-
mained tlieie throughout th.> intervouiu;; yens, nnj
Li* life had been M'.'.red, he would li.ivr b<'en hound
to perform iui!it:ir\ *<>r\ ice. To submit to such a prin-
ciple would be to make an odious di. t motion between
our naturuhzed and native eiuzens."
Mr. Speaker, General Ca«s enforced this
doctrine wherever and ivhenever a case came
under his observation. 'I he dillerence between
the pure lawyer mid the statesman is .shown
cleaily when con! rusting I he views of Kent
and Story, with those of Cass.
After this declaration of the policy of our
Government by General Cass the Government
of Fiance, equally a military Government with
the others, acquiesced in that opinion, and in
In'.O its courts decided that by taking an oath
of allegiance to a foreign Government a French
subject lost his character as a citizen of France,
and that none but French citizens could serve
in the French army. The adjudication in the
case of Zeiter ended all controversy with that
Government upon this question. Our repre-
sentative at that Court believed that a power
higher than the court molded its judgment.
If so, there was far-seeing wisdom in it.
The Prussian Government still holds to the
doctrine of perpetual allegiance, and your citi-
zens are forcibly seized and compelled to ser-
vice. Notwithstanding the traditional friend-
ship between that nation and ours, this cause
of irritation remains and is increasing every
year. The ties of fatherland will call back the
young man to see the land of his birth and the
home of his father. Prussian authority puts
these men by force into its army, and men that
bear honorable scars in defense of their adopted
country are subjected to this humiliation and
injustice, notwithstanding the protest of your
Government through its diplomatic represent-
atives. The humiliation of that position I have
felt as the representative of this Government,
and my opinions are of record, and I will ask
permission of the House to read extracts from
two of my dispatches to the present Secretary
of State, showing my actions and opinions :
"Legation of theUnitep States,
" Hkri.in, September SO, 1861.
" Sir : I have the honor to call the attention of the
Government to the case of Jacob Spandau, reported
in dispatches Xos. 4 and 0 from this legation. A final
answer has been received from the Government of
Prussia, declining todischarge him from the Prussian
army, a copy of which is hereto attached, < o. 1.)
; "As the issue is distinctly made by that Govern-
ment's refusing a release of a citizen of the United
i Statesfrom enforced military service in the Prussian
1 army, I propose to restate the facts as laid before the
: Department in my previous dispatches.
[ "Jacob Spandau in theyear lK>.'i,and at thcasre of
seventeen, obtained leave from the local authorities
to go to Hamburg tor four months to see some rela-
tives, and went from there to the United States, and
remained in the United States until July of this year.
He became aeitizen of the United States, and in July
last returned to his native town, Kyczywol, in
province ot Posen, to visit his parent?, and was imitie-
, diately notified to report himself at Ohornick to bo
[ incorporated into the army, and has been compelled
I to serve in the Prussian army in spite of his citizen-
! ship and the remonstrances of this legation, and is
forced to wear the uniform and fight the battles of a
: Government whose allegiance the Government of the
United States required nim solemnly and under oath
. to renounce before admitting him to <ntizrnship.#
** The laws of Prussia require every Prussian subjcct
who has attained the age of twenty full years to serve
in the army, and all the young men of thnt age must
in that year present themselves to the military com-
, mission of their circle to be examined as to fitness
and be incorporated into the army.
1 "It is thus apparent that the Prussian Government
has compelled a citizen of the United States to serve
i in In army whon at the time he left Prussia he was
not owing military service and could not for years be
required to perforin it. I am not disposed^o submit
I to any sufh proposition unless specially instructed
I so to ao. Prussia, as the leading Power of Germany,
: can mold and form the policy of most all the other
German States, and if its policy is submitted to every
little petty principality4may commence a system oi
terrorism against our citizens which will effectually
prevent any ofthem visiting the home of theirchild-
; hood or the graves of their fathers. The principle
: adopted by the Government is a violation of the prin-
i ciples of international law on the question of alle-
' piance, as understood by us, and makes the conferred
citizenship, by virtueof naturalization, a partial and
( conditional right. Wo require faith and allegiance,
' but give no protection to citizens free from the re-
I proach of crime. Icannot better express my leelingg
I than by an extract from one of the young man's
1 (Spandau's) letters tome: * I wish to God that I would
have been on the side of my friends and covins who
have fallen in the battle in Missouri, and the same
bullet had killed me ere I have to suffer so much as
I do here.'"
