1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United States. Once more I say do not
let the principle of pardon here established
be confined to a particular party. I claim to
ignore party in this matter, and acknowledge all
who promise to be faithful to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. BECK. Will my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Farnsworth] yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I desire to state my position
in regard to this bill. I declined to vote against
it in the Committee on Reconstruction, saying
that I would make no factious opposition to it,
for I desired to see disabilities removed from
all persons. But I declined to vote for it; I
simply acquiesced in it, because, as I said on
the floor of this House when this bill was up
before, these men have already been pardoned.
And admitting the right here to remove disa-
bilities was admitting the right to impose them,
which 1 do not at all admit. Nor do I believe
in the principle of removing disabilities from
men simply because they have joined a certain
political organization. Now, while I entertain
these views, I make no objection to the report-
ing of this bill. 1 did not vote against it in
committee, and it is now before the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
that purpose.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman will allow
it to be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at present. I
wish to say a word in reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] a member of
the Committee on Reconstruction. As I un-
derstand him, he complains that in reporting
this bill the committee have provided for re-
lieving only those who are acting with a par-
ticular political party. Sir, the committee
have acted upon all the names that have been
sent to them from North Carolina. It is not
the fault of the committee, it is not the fault
of the Republican party, if other men do not
send up their names and ask for pardon. It
is not the fault of the Reconstruction Com-
mittee or of the Republican party if the Demo-
crats in North Carolina are all rebels. If there
are none in North Carolina except Republicans
who are fit and proper persons to receive this
absolution that is not the fault of the Repub-
lican party. It is the fault of the men them-
selves that they do not repent. If they will
still continue to act as rebels, of course they
cannot expect that Congress will interpose in
their behalf, and relieve them from their dis-
abilities. They cannot expect the Committee
on Reconstruction or the majority of this
House to vote to relieve them from their dis-
abilities if they are still acting in accord with
the rebel element in the South and not with
the loyal element of the nation. The fault,
then, lies there, and not with us. We have
acted, as I said before, upon all the names that
have been sent us by the convention and the
names that have been presented to us by the
delegation from North Carolina, now in this
city.
Mr. NIBLACK. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mi-. Farnsworth,]
1 desire to ask him one question. Does he
regard the support of the reconstruction meas-
ures of Congress as a test of loyalty anywhere
or evervwhere ?
Mr. "FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-
gard it as necessary that a man who acted with
the rebels during the war shall give some evi-
dence of repentance ; and it is a very good
evidence of repentance when he gives the re-
construction measures of Congress his cordial
support. If he cooperates with the loyal peo-
ple of his State, black and white, and helps in
good faith and heartily to reconstruct and
restore his State upon the basis of liberty and
equality, he gives evidence of returning loyalty
and rcpentance. If the gentleman can point
out to me any better evidence than that I shall
be willing to consider it; but without some
evidence of repentance and loyalty we are not
willing that these men shall be washed and
made clean.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman
consider opposition to negro suffrage evidence
that a man is a rebel ? I would like an answer
to that question. I understand the gentleman
to argue that these men must give evidence
that they are no longer rebels before they can
be admitted to political privileges. He regards
it as necessary, if I understand him correctly,
that they shall support the measures of Con-
gress looking to negro suffrage. Now, I ask
the gentleman whether all the men in the Uni-
ted States who are opposed to negro suffrage
are to be denounced on this floor as rebels by
the gentleman or anybody else.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
not denounced as a rebel every man who is
opposed to negro suffrage, either North or
South; but if we find that all rebels oppose
negro suffrage, it casts a little suspicion upon
men who oppose it, whether you call them
rebels or not. We do find in the South that
all rebels oppose negro suffrage, and we also
find there that all loyal men, generally speak-
ing, are in favor of negro suffrage. I have not,
however, argued here—the gentleman is the
first to broach that point—that it is necessary
that a man, to be loyal, should be in favor of
negro suffrage. But, as I said a moment ago,
we require that a man should give some kind
of evidence of loyalty or repentance before we
wash him and make him clean; and support
of the reconstruction measures of Congress we
regard as furnishing such evidence, and until
gentlemen can point out some better evidence
we consider it as pretty good evidence.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then the gentleman
would be in favor of my amendment; and 1
trust he will allow me to read it.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman from
Illinois will, T trust, allow me a word further.
I understood the gentleman to assert, with
great distinctness, that the evidence of repent-
ance for which we must look on the part of
southern rebels is their support of the recon-
struction measures of Congress. I need not
tell so intelligent a gentleman as the gentle-
man from Illinois that the reconstruction meas-
ures of Congress are founded entirely upon
negro suffrage; nay, that is the sole intent
and purpose of those measures. I ask the
gentleman, then, whether it is not a fair se-
quence from his argument that every man m
the South who is opposed to negro suffrage is
to be considered as a rebel. If that be so,
then I want to know whether every man in
Michigan who is opposed to negro suffrage is
a rebel; I want to know whether every man in
Maine, in New Hampshire, in Connecticut, in
Illinois, in Ohio, who is opposed to negro suf-
frage, is a rebel. I want an explanation of the
astounding fact that while the people of these
northern States record their solemn decision,
State after State, against negro suffrage, they
yet send into this House Representatives who
stand up here and make the support of negro
suffrage the test of loyalty. What business
have the Representatives of those States to
come here and set up such a test of loyalty as
that when theireonstituents are at home decid-
ing that negro suffrage is not a thing fit for
American constitutions?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must resume the
floor. The gentleman is not discussing this
subject. He has set up a man of straw which
he is striking at. I have not argued that negro
suffrage is the best test of loyalty m the South,
nor touching negro suffrage as the best evi-
dence of a return to loyalty, or of repentance.
What I have said, and I will repeat it, is that
in the reconstruction of these States, the basis
of loyalty, of liberty and equality, of right is a
good evidence of repentance. I do not sa}^
that we require a man should be in favor of
negro suffrage.
The gentleman says that the reconstruction
measures are based wholly and entirely upon
negro suffrage. They are based, as I under-
stand, upon the loyalty of the people, upon the
equal rights of the people, upop the rights of
all men who are not guilty of crime, upon
their equal right to participate in the govern-
ment of these States; and until gentlemen can
point us to some evidence which is better than
any evidence given to us of the loyalty of these
men and of their repentance we will take such
evidence as we have, to wit, that they are act-
ing in hearty accord with the people of their
State, whether black or white.
When the gentleman says be regards it as
unfortunate that we are obliged to extend am-
nesty and relief from disabilities to all officers
elected to carry on the State government there
he is wrong in that. A number of officers did
not require any resolution. Of those who did,
as I have said before, only one of them was
ever in the rebel army. The others incurred
disabilities in the way I have related, not
dreaming that by being members of the Legis-
lature or judges they had incurred disability
while their hearts were beating in sympathy
and full unison with the loyal people of the
North.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not think the House
requires this should be discussed further, and
I therefore call for the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman hear
my amendment read?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no authority,
as the organ of the committee, to accept any
amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. Let it be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will recollect the gen-
tleman's courtesy.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill requires a
two-thirds vote, and I therefore demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The vote was taken; and it was dccided_ in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 23, not voting
76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, James M.
A hley, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Beaman. Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall.Buckland, Butler, Cary,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Bodge, Donnelly,
Biiggs, Ecliley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield, Getz,Gravely, Halsey, Higby,
Holmaii, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester 1>. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Jouckes, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
fulfill,, Georpo V. Lawrcnee, William Lawrence,
Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy,
Moore, Moorhead. Morgan, Morrell, Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, Kiblaek, aim, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Raum, Sawyer, Scofield, Smith,
Spalding, Stewart, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry I). Washburn, Welker, James F\ Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodward—90.
NATS — Messrs. Adams, Arnoll, Cake, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Eldridge, Golladay, Harding,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Hunter, Johnson, Julian, Knott,
Lynch. Miller, Orth, Perliam, Randall, Ross, Taffe,
and William Williams—2o.
MOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Belos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler. Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, Fields, Finney, Fox, Glossbreimer, Grisvvyld,
Grover, Ilaiglit. Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
I). Hubbard, Hulhurd, Ingersoil, Jones, Keteham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln, Logan, Loan, Maynard,
McClurg, McCorraick, McCullough, Mcrcur, Morris-
sey, Mullins, Nicholson, Phelps, Poland, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson,
Schenck, Selye, Shanks, Shollabarger, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Aaron 1:'. Stevens. Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Taber, John Trimble, Lawrence &.
Trimble, Van Aernain, Burt Van H°rn' ®,°j
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Ward, ^adwala--
der C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, ihomaa
Williams, John T. Wilson, Wood, and flood
bl-idge—76. ...
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof;
the bill was passed.
