THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
strife. I will agree your duty keeps you here.
You have no right to resign or avoid it; but it
is a duty consistent with judicial fairness, and
only to be assumed as such; and the subject
itself, thus illustrated, snatches from you at
once, as wholly political, the topics that you
have been asked to examine.
It will suit my convenience and sense of the
better consideration of the separate articles of
impeachment to treat them at first somewhat
generally, and then, by such distribution as
seems most to bring us finally to what, if it
shall not before that time have disappeared,
appears to be the gravest matter of considera-
tion.
Let me ask you at the outsetto see how little
as matter of evidence this case is. Certainly
this President of the United States has been
placed under as trying and as hot a gaze of
political opposition as ever a man was or could
be. Certainly for two years there has be.en
no partial construction"of his conduct. Cer-
tainly for two years he has been sifted as wheat
by one of the most powerful winnowing ma-
chines that I have ever heard of—the House
of Representatives of the United States of
America. Certainly the wealth of the nation,
certainly the urgency of party, certainly the
zeal of political ambition, have pressed into
the service of imputation, of inculpation, and
of proof all that this country affords, all that
the power "to send for persons and papers"
includes.
They have none of the risks that attend or-
dinary litigants of bringing their witnesses in
court to stand the test of open examination and
cross-examination ; but they can put them un-
der the constriction of an oath and aa explora-
tion in advance and see what they can prove,
and so determine whom they will bring and
whom they will reject. They can take our
witness from the stand already under oath,
and even of so great and high a character as
the Lieutenant General of your armies, and
out of court ply him with a new oath and a
new examination to see whether ho will help
or hurt them by being cross-examined in court,
livery arm and every heart is at their service,
stayed by no sense except of public duty to
unnerve their power or control its exercise.
And yet here is the evidence. The people
of this country have been made to believe that
all sorts of personal vice and wickedness, that
all sorts of official misconduct and folly, that
all sorts of usurpation and oppression, prac
t-iced, meditated, plotted, and executed on the
part of this Executive, were to bo explored and
exposed by the prosecution and certainly set
down in the record of this court for the public
judgment. Here you have for violence, op-
pression, and usurpation a telegram between
the President and Governor Parsons, long
public, two years ago. You have for his de-
sire to suppress the power of Congress the
testimony of Wood, the office-seeker, that when
the President said he thought the points were
important he said that he thought they were
minor, and that he was willing to take an oflice
from the President and yet uphold Congiess ;
that the Piesident said they were important
and he thought the patronage of the Govern-
ment should be in support of those principles
which he maintained, and Wood, the oflice-
seeker, went home and was supposed to have
said that the President had used some very
violent and offensive words on the subject, and
he was brought here to prove them, and he i|
disproved them. '>
Now, weigh the testimony upon the scale j;
that a nation looks at it, upon the scale that |!
foreign nations look at it, upon the scale that j|
history will apply to it, upon the scale that pos-
terity will in retrospect regard it. It depends
a good deal upon how large a selection a few
specimens of testimony could offer. If I bring
a handful of wheat marked by rustand weevil,
and show it to my neighbor, he will say,
" Why, what a wretched crop of wheat you
have had but if I tell him " these few ker-
nels are what I have taken from the bins of
my whole harvest," he will answer, '' What a
splendid crop of wheat you have had." And
now answer, answer if there is anything wrong
in this? Mr. Manager Wilson, from the Judi-
ciary Committee that had examined for more
than a year this subject, made a report to the
House. It is the wisest., the clearest, and also
one of the most entertaining views of the whole
subject of impeachment in the past and in the
present that I have ever seen or can ever expect
to see, and what is the result? That it is all
political. All these thunder-clouds are polit-
ical, and it is only this little petty pattering of
rain and these infractions of statutes that are
personal or criminal. And " the grand inquest
of the nation" summoned to the final determ-
ination upon the whole array, on the 9th of
December, 1867, votes, 107to57, "noimpeach-
ment." If these honorable Managers had
limited their addresses to this court to maKfcrs
that in purpose, in character, in intent, and in
guilt occurred after that bill of impeachment
was thrown out by their House, how much you
would have been entertained in this cause ! 1
have not heard anything that had not occurred
before that. The speeches were made eighteen
months before. The telegram occurred a year
before. Wood, the office-seeker, came into
play long before. What is there, then, nut
covered by this view ?
The honorable Managers, too, do not draw
together always about these articles. There
seem to have been an original production,
and then a sort of afterbirth that is added to
the compilation, and as I understand the open-
ing Manager, [Mr. Butler,] if there is notany-
thing in the first article you need not trouble
yourself to think there is anything in the
eleventh; and Mr. Manager Stevens thinks
that if there is not anything in the eleventh
you had better not bother yourself in looking
for anything in the first ten, for he says a
county-court lawyer, 1 think, could get rid of
them. Let me give you his exact words:
" I wish this to bo particularly noticed, for J intend
to otl'er it us a,ii amendment. I wish gentlemen to
examine and see that this oharec is nowhere con-
tained m aliv of the articles reported, ami unices it
bo inserted there can be no trial upon it; and li'thero
be the shrewd lawyers, us X know there will be, and
caviling judges"—
He did not state that he felt sure of that—
"and without this articlo they do not acquit him,
they are greener than I was in any case I over under-
took before tile court of rjuarter sessions."
It will not be loo vain in us to think that we
come up perhaps to this estimate on our side
and at this table of these quarter-session lawyers
that would be adequate to dispose of these
articles of impeachment; and they are right
about, it, quite right about it. If you cannot
get in what is political and nothing but polit-
ical, you cannot get hold of anything that is
criminal or personal.
Now, with that general estimate of the limit
and feebleness of the proof's and of the charges,
I begin with the consideration of an article in
regard to which, and the subject-matter of
which, I am disposed to concede more than I
imagine can be claimed fairly in regard to the
other articles, that some proof to the point of
demonstration has been presented, and that is
the speeches. I think that it has been fairly
proved heie that the speeches charged upon
the President, in substance and in general, were
made. My first difficulty about them is that
they were made in IKOli. and related to a Con-
gress that has passed out of existence, and
were a subject in the report of the Jud.eiary
Committee to the House, upon which the House
voted that they would not impeach. My next
is that they are crimes against rhetoric, against
oratory, against taste, and perhaps against
logic, but that the Constitution of the United
States, neither in itself or by any subsequent
amendments, has provided for the government
of the people of this country in these regards.
It is a novelty in this country to try anybody
for making a speech.
There are a gieat many speeches made in this
country, and therefore the case undoubtedly
would have arisen in the course of eighty years
of our Government. -Indeed, I believe, if there
is anything that marks us, and to the approval,
at least in ability, of other nations,-it is that
any man in this country not only has & right
to make a speech, but can make a speech and
a good one, and that he does some time or
other in his life actually, accomplish it. Why,
the very lowest epithet for speech-makiiig in
the American public adopted by the news-
papers is " able and eloquent." [Laughter.]
I have seen applied to the efforts of the hon-
orable Managers here the epithet, in advance
in the newspapers, of " tremendous" [laugh-
ter] before they have been delivered here", of
"tremendous force;" and I saw once an
accurate arithmetical statement of the force
of one of them in advance that it contained,
thirty-three thousand words. [Laughter. J
Wo are speech-makers; therefore the .case
must have arisen for a question of propriety;
and now for the first time we begin with the
President, and-aecuse him; we take him be-
fore no ordinary court, but organize a court for
the purpose which adjourns the moment it is
over with him, furnishes no precedent, and must
remove him from office and order a new elec-
tion. That is a great deal to tarn on a speech.
Only think of it! To be able to make a speech
: hat should require a new election of a President
to be held 1 Well, if the trial is to take place, let
the proclamation issue to this speech-making
people, "let him that is without sin among you
east the first stone ;" and see how the nation
on tiptoe waits; but who will answer that dainty
challenge and who assume that fastidious duty?
We see in advance the neeessary requirements.
It must be one who by long discipline has
learned always to speak within bounds, one
whose lips would stammer at an imputation,
whose cheek would blush at a reproach, whose
ears would tingle at an invective, and whose
eyes would closo at an indecorum. It must be
one who by strict continence of specch and
by control over the tongue, that unruly mem-
ber, has gained with all his countrymen the
praise of ruling his own spirit, which is greater
than one who taketh a city.
And now the challenge is answered; and it
seems that the honorable Manager to whom
this duty is assigned is one who would bo rec-
ognized at once in the judgment of all as first
in war, first in peace in boldness of words, first
in the hearts of all his countrymen that love
this wordy intrepidity. [Laughter.] Now, the
champion beitiggained, we ask for the rule, and
in answer to an interlocutory inquiry which I
had the honor to address to him he said the
rule was the opinion of the court that was to
try the case.
Now, let us see whether we can get any guid-
ance as to what your opinions are on this sub-
ject of freedom of speech ; for we are brought
down to that, having no law or precedent be-
sides. I find that the matter of charge against
the President is that ho has been " unmindful
of the harmony and courtesies which ought to
exist and be maintained between the executive
and legislative branches of the Government."
If it prevails from the executive toward the
legislative, it should prevail from the legisla-
tive toward the executive, upon the same stand-
ard, unless I am to be met with what I must
regard as a most novel view presented by Mr.
Manager Wili.hms in his argument the other
day, that as the Constitution of the United
States prevents your being drawn in question
anywhere for what you say, therefore it is a
rule that does not work both ways. [Laughter.]
Well, that is a remarkable view of personal
duty, that if I wore an impenetrable shirt of
mail, it is just the thing for me to be drawing
daggers against everybody else that is met in
the street. "A^oblcssc oblige ' seems to be a
law which the honorable Manager does not
think applicable to the Houses of Congress.
If there be anything in that suggestion how
should it guard, reduce, and regulate your use
of freedom of speech? I have not gone outside
of the debates that relate to this civil-tenure
act; my time has been sufficiently occupied in
reading all that was said in both Houses on
that subject; but I find now a well-recorded
precedent, not merely in the observations of a
