3440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24s,
The matter lias been referred to the commit-
tee, and the House is functus officio on that
subject for the present. The committee has
the custody of the ease of the so-called mem-
bers from Arkansas ; and under the resolution
of the House it is not in order for the commit-
tee to report. Only the Committee on Enrolled
Bills can report during the pendency of the tax
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
New York upon the ground stated in the
remarks which the gentleman has read from
the GHobe, and which were, at least, tacitly
assented to by the House, and also, upon an
■additional ground, -which the Chair will state.
There are two classes of questions of privilege
which cannot, in the opinion of the Chair, be
set aside by any resolution of the House. The
first are messages from the President of the
United States returning bills with his objec-
tions to the House in which tliey originated.
The Constitution requires that those objections
shall be entered upon the Journal, and that the
House shall proceed to the consideration of
the same. That is the imperative requirement
of the Constitution. The second class of ques-
tions of privilege are those relating to election
cases; and the reason these are questions of
the highest privilege except veto messages of
the President is that the most imperative duty
which can devolve upon a legislative body is
to ascertain who are its members. All those
who are really entitled to seats upon this floor
as members have the right to vote upon every
proposition coming before the House. It is
upon this ground that all Presiding Officers,
during the whole history of the Government,
have recognized reports from the Committee
of Elections as questions of the highest privi-
lege, which can be presented at any time when
there is no other business before the House.
When such reports are presented they are sub-
ject to the control of the House, which can,
of course, lay them upon the table, recommit
them, or postpone them. But the right to pre-
sent reports from the Committee of Elections
upon the cases of persons claiming to be enti-
tled to seats as members and to vote on all
propositions is a right that no rule or resolu-
tion of this House can set aside.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not dispute the right
of the Committee of Elections under ordinary
circumstances to present, as a question of priv-
ilege, a report on an election case. But the
point 1 make is that the House has, by unani-
mous consent, changed the order of business,
and ordered that during the pendency of the
tax bill no reports from committees shall be
in order except reports from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills; and it is this point to which
I wish to call the attention of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, for the reasons
he has already stated, overrules the point of
order. It is of course within the power of the
House to lay upon the table, recommit, or
postpone the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions ; but if these gentlemen, whose cases the
committee now report upon, are really entitled
to seats on this floor, they have the right to vote
to-day.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it be in order for
mo to make a motion to reconsiderthe vote by
which the cases of these so-called members
from Arkansas were referred to the Committee
of Elections?
The SPEAKER. It would not be, while
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
Fibld] is on the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not tliat a privileged
motion which I have the right to make?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is on the floor, unless he
yields for that purpose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not yield.
The SPEAKER. Unless the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table yesterday, the
right to make the motion to reconsider will
accrue whenever any gentleman can obtain
the floor to make it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee of Elec-
tions have carefully examined the credentials
of Logan H. Roots, James Hinds, and Thomas
Boles. They find the credentials in proper
form and signed by the proper certifying offi-
cers, and have unanimously instructed me to
report the following resolution, on which I
demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the oath of office be now adminis-
tered by tho Speaker to Hon. Logan H. Roots, Hon.
James Hinds, and Hon, Thomas Boles, Representa-
tives-elect of tho State of Arkansas.
Mr. BROOKS. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which these credentials were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not debatable while the call of the previous
question is pending. The rule on page 1G3 of
the Digest, which applies more particularly to
bills, but covers this same point, will he read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It is in ordor, even pending tho demand of tho
previous question on the passage of a bill, to move a
reconsideration of the order of engrossment, But
of course, if moved at such a time, it is not debat-
able."
The SPEAKER. After the bill has been
engrossed, when the question is on the pas-
sage, it is still in order, if the previous question
is moved on the passage, to move to reconsider
the engrossment, which is to be taken before
its passage, and as the Digest says, it is not
debatable.
Mr. BROOKS. I bow to the decision of
the Speaker. Let me say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, what I wish is this: in
behalf of forty-five Democratic members of
this House, I wish to say we have prepared a
protest against the admission of the Arkansas
members, a respectful protest, and we throw
ourselves upon the courtesy of the House
and ask that it may be received and spread
upon the Journal.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman can sub-
mit it whenever he has an opportunity under
the rules, but 1 will yield nothing at this time.
I move to lay the gentleman's motion on the
table, and demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest that when
forty odd members of the House have prepared
a respectful protest and wish to present it, the
gentleman avoided from his parlimentary ex-
perience, well knows it cannot be, in this way.
It can be presented in a variety of ways, and
it will go before the public and be read by the
public. It cannot bo suppressed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Whenever it is in order
for the gentleman to present his protest I have
nothing to say.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the motion.
Tlic pievious question was seconded on tho
resolution, and the main question ordered.
Mr. KERR, Mr. BROOKS, and Mr. WOOD-
WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays27, not voting
00; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, A melt,
Dolos K. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Beatty, Benton,
Blaine, Blair.Boutwell.Broomall, Buckhnid, Butler,
Sulii ey Clarke,Oobb.Coburn, Corn ell, Co vode, Cullom,
Dixon, Driggs, Ecklcy, .Kggleston, Kla, Eliot, Ferriss,
Ferry, "Fields, Garlield. Gnswold, Harding. Hawkins,
Jligby, Jlilt, Hooper, Chester L>. Ilubbard, Ingersoli,
,] enekes, ,Iik1<I, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey. Ketcham,
Koontz. George V. Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mnynaid, McCarthy, Jlc-
Clurg, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, Mullms, Myers,
Ncvveomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Robertson,
Sehenck, Scoiield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Tnffe, Taylor. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson,Van Wyek, Ward. Cad-
walnder 0. Washburn, Klihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William 35. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liam Williams. James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Wmdom, and Woudbridge—10J,
NAYS — Messrs. Adam*, Beck, Boyer, Brooks,
Ohanler, Getz, Golladay, Qrovcr, Ilaight, Ilolman,
Ilotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, McCor-
miek, Niblaek, Nieholeon, Phelps, Robinson, Sit-
greaves, Stone, Tabor, Lawrence iS. Trimble, Van
Trump, Thomas Williams, and Woodward-—.17.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. AicUei, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Bcaman,
Benjamin,' Bingham, Bromwell, Burr. Cake, Cary,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Dawes, Delano,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eldridge, Earnsworth. Finney,
Fox, Glossbrenner, Gravely, HaJsey. Hopkins, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Rieliard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Jones, Kitchen, Laflm Wi ham Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Marshall, McCullough, McKee,
Moore, Morrell. Morrissey, Mungen, Nunn.Perham,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Ross, Sawyer, Belye, John
Trimble, Van Aernam.Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn. Stephen F. Wilson, and
W ood—60.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. GETZ stated that his colleague, Mr, ,
Glossbrenner, was paired with Mr. Cake.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Arkansas members
are now present, and I move that they be
sworn in.
Mr. BROOKS. Before that is done I do
not avail myself of the parliamentary oppor-
tunity to again offer the protest to their ad-
mission, because I believe it is the understand-
ing on the other side of the House, after the
members are sworn in, opportunity will be
afforded to me to present it.
A Member. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
the gentleman presenting his protest after we
get through with this, that is if it is a respect-
ful protest, as I presume it is.
Mr. Logan II. Roots, Mr. James Hinds,
and Mr. Thomas Boles then presented them-
selves, and were duly qualified.
. The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor on the tax bill.
Mr. KERR. I wish to submit a resolution.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I am willing to yield for
ten minutes while the House is filling up.
Mr. KERR. I wish to present a resolution
which will give rise to no debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say in regard
to the protest that I have no objection to its
being introduced if the gentleman presenting
it will say that it is in no way disrespectful to
the House or disparaging to its action.
Mr. BROOKS. The best authority I can
give for that is the signature of forty members
of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will under-
stand me. I am unwilling to have the special
order put out of the way for anything. There-
fore I cannot yield for the gentleman to offer a
protest if it requires a division of the House or
will occasion debate. If it is a proper paper
to be presented I have no objection to its being
introduced, ordered to be printed, and brought
up at any time hereafter as the will of the
House may determine.
Mr. BROOKS. It would lead to no division
because it is a mere protest, calling for no
action on the part of the House. It is signed
by every Democratic member, and I will add
that it contains no personal allusion to any
member, and, so far as I am able to judge, it is
not disrespectful to the majority of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let it be entered on the
Journal and printed.
Several Memjims. Let it be read.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen around me
desire to have it read.
Several members objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let it be printed in the
Globe to-morrow, and we will then see what
it is. I do not wish to stop the course of the
regular order for the purpose of reading a long
paper.
Mr. IS GERSOLL. The gentleman says it
will not require more than ten minutes to read
it. I ask to have it read.
Several members objected.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. If the regular order is
insisted upon the House will immediately re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole ou
the special order.
