858
SUPPLEMENT TO
single Senator, but in a direct determination
of the Senate itself passing upon the question
what certain bounds at least of freedom of
speech as between the two departments of the
Government permitted. The honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in the course of the
* debate, using this form of expression in regard
to the President, said, and on the subject of
this very law:
"You may ask protection, against whom? I an-
swer plainly, protection again3t the President of the
United States. There, sir, is the duty of the hour.
Ponder it well, and do not forget it. There was no
such duty on our fathers; there was no such duty 011
our recent predecessors in this Chamber, bceause
there was no President of the United States who had
become the enemy of his country."—Congressional
Globe, second, session Thirty-Ninth Congress, p. 525.
The President had said that Congress was
"hanging on the verge of the Government
but here is a dircct charge that the President
of the United States is an enemy of the coun-
try. Mr. Sumner being called to order for this
expression, the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] who not infrequently
presides with so much urbanity and so much
control over your deliberations, gave this aid
to us as to what the common law of this tri-
bunal wan on the subject of the harmonies and
courtesies that should prevail between the legis-
lative and the executive departments. lie said:
"It is the impiossion oftheOiiair that those words
do not exceed tho usual latitude ol debate which has
been x>erinittcd hero."
Is not that a good authority, the custom of
the tribunal established by the presiding offi-
cer? Mr. Sherman, tho honorable Senator
from Ohio, said:
"I think the words objected to are clearly in order.
I have hoimisimilar remarks fifty times without any
question of order beiuj? raised."
Communis error Jacit jus. That is the prin-
ciple of this view; and the Senate came to a
vote, thcopposingnuuibers of which remind mo
of some of the votes on evidence that we luive
had in this tiial; the appeal was laid on the
table by twenty-nine yeas to ten nays. [Laugh-
ter.]
We shall get off pretty easy from a tribunal
whose ki usual latitude of debate" permits the
legislative branch to call the Executive an
enemy of his country. But that is not all.
Proceeding in the same debate, after being al-
lowed to be in order, Mr. Sr.\J\Kii goes on with
a speech the eloquence of winch i cannot be
permitted to compliment, as it is out of place,
but certainly it is of the highest order, and of
course I make no criticism upon it; but he be-
gins with an announcement of a very good
principle:
"Meanwhile I shall insist alwajs upon complete
freedom oi debate, and 1 shall exoicise if. John
Milton, in his glorious aspirations said, " lUvo mo
the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue lrcely
above all liberties." Thank (iod, now that idave-
miisteis have been driven ftom this Ctnunbei, such is
the liberlyof an American Senator! Of coursclhero
can be no citizen ot a llepubhc too his'h lor exposure,
as there can bo none too low for pioiection. The ex-
posure ol tho powoiful and tho prou-ciion of the
weak; the.se are not only invaluable libertios but
commanding duties."
Is there anything in the President's answer
that is nobler or more thoroughgoing than that?
And if the President is not too high, but that
it should be not only an imaiuable liberty but
a commanding duty to cali hun an enemy of
the country, may not the House of -Represent-
atives be exposed to an imputation of a most
unintelligible aspersion upon ilieni that they
"hang on the verge of the Government?''
Then the honorable Senator proceeds with a
style of observation upon which i shall make
no observation whatever, and i feel none, but
Cicero in Caialinam1 in Verrcm, ct pro Milo-
nem, does not contain more eloquence against
the objects of his invective than this speech of
the honorable Senator. Here are his words:
"At last rhe country is opening its eyes to the
actual condition of things. Alicady it sees that
Andrew Johnson, who came to supreme power by a,
bloody aecidcnt, has become the successor of Jeffer-
son Davis in the spirit by which he is governed and
in the nmchief he is inflicting on his country. It
sees the president o! tho rebellion icvived in the
President" ol the United States, it sees that the vio-
lence which took the liteot hisiliu.-drious predecessor
is now b> ins pel voisecomplicuy extending through-
out the lebel ^tale.-, making all wao love the Union
its victims and filling the landwith tragedy. It sees
that the war upon the faithful Unionists is still con-
tinued under his powerful auspices, without any
distinction of color, so that all, both white and black,
are sacrificed. It sees that he is the minister of dis-
cord, and not the minister of peace. It sees that, so
long as his influence prevails, there is small chance
of tranquillity, security, or reconciliation; that the
restoration ot prosperityin the rebel States, so much
longed for.must be arrested; that the businessof the
whole country must be embarrassed, and that those
conditions on which a sound currcncy depends must
be postponed. All these things the country now sees.
But indignation assumes tho form of judgment when
it is seen also that this incredible,unparalleled, and
far-reaching mischief, sccond only to the rebellion
itself, of which it is acontinuation, is invigorated and
extended through a plain usurpation." * •*
* * " The President has usurped the powers of
Congress on a colossal scale, and he has employed
these usurped powers in fomenting the rebel spirit
and awakening anew the dying fires of the rebellion.
Though the head of the executive, he has rapa-
ciot^y seized the poweis of the legislative, and made
himself a whole Congress in defiance of a cardinal
principle of republican government that each branch
must act for itself without assuming the powers of
tho other; and, in the exercise of these illegitimate
powers, he has become a terror to the good and a
support to the wicked. This is his great and unpar-
donable offense, fur which history must condemn him
if you do not. He is ansurpor, through whom infinite
wrong has been done to his country, lie isa usurper,
who, promising to be a Moses, has become a
Pharaoh."— Conorenfiioiud Globe, Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, second session, p. 511.
And then it all ends in a wonderfully sensi-
ble—if the honorable Senator will allow me to
say so—and pithy observation of the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. llov/js:]
"The Senator from Massachusetts has advanced
tho idea that, the President, has become an enemy to
his country." - * " Dut I suppose
that not only to be the condition of thesentiment in
this Senate touching tho present President ot tho
United States, but I suppose we never had a Presi-
dent who was not in communication with a Senate
di\ ided upon just that question, some thinking that
he was an enemy oi the country and others thinking
that he was not; and [ respectfully submit, therefore,
that the Senator troin Massachusetts will bo compe-
tent to try an impeachment if it should be sent here
against the President, as leonceiv o the Senator from
Maryland would bo competent to try that question
iiifcpite of the opinions which ho has pronounced
hero."—Jbul.t p. 545.
That is good sense. Senatorial license must,
if it goes so wide as this, sometimes with
good-natured Senators be properly described
as a little Pickwickian.
We have also a nile provided for us in the
lluuhc of Representatives, and I have selected
a very brief one, because it id one that the hon-
oiable Managers will not question at all, as it
gives their .standard on the subject. 1 find that
there this rule of license in speech, in a very
brief, pithy form, is thus conducted between
two of the most distinguished members of that
body, who can, as well as any others, for the
purpose of this trial, furnish a standard of what
is called by the honorable Manager " pro-
priety of speech." I read from page 203 of
the Congressional Globe for the Portieth Con-
gress, iirst session :
"Mr. Dimjham. I desiro to say, Mr. Chairman,
that it does not become a gentleman who recoidt'd
his vote fifty times for Jeii'eison Davis, the arch
traitor in this rebellion, as his candidate for President
of tho iJnitcd States, to undcrtako to damage this
causo by ^attempting to east au imputation either
upon my integrity or my honor. 1 repel with scorn
and contempt any utterance of that sort horn, any
: man, whether ho be the hero ol Fort Fisher not taken
j or of Port Fisher taken,'' [Laughtcr.J
| Now, for the repl) :
! " Mr. j/UTLKit. _ lint if during the war tho gentle- j
. man from Ohio did as much as L didin that direction 1
j L shall be glad to recognize that much done. But the ;
only victim of the gentleman's prowess that 1 know
j ot was an innocent woman hung upon the scaffold,
■ one Mrs. Surratt. And f can sustain the memory of
I Fort b ishor if he and his present associates can sus-
I tain him m shedding the blood of a woman tried by ,
! a mihtaiy commission and convicted without sufh-
i cient evidence m nij judgment."
To which, on page 304, Mr. Bixgiiam re-
sponds with spirit:
"I challenge the gentleman, I dare him here or
anywheie in tiltribunal, or in any tribunal, to assert
that 1 spoliated or mutilated any book. \Vtiy, sir,
such a charge, without one tittle of evidence, is only
lit to come Iiom a man who lived in a bottle and is
i fed with a spoon." [Laughter.] J-
Xow, what under Heaven that means I am !j
sure I do not know, [laughter,] but it is within !|
the common law of courtesy in the judgment jj
of the House of Representatives. We have
attempted to show that in the President's ad-
dresses to the populace there was something
of irritation, something in the subjects, some-
thing in the manner of the crowd that excused
and explained, if it did not justify, the style of
his speech. You might suppose that, this inter-
change in debate grew out of some subject that
was irritating, that was itself savage and fero-
cious ; but what do you think was the subject
these honorable gentlemen were debating upon ?
Why, it was charity. [Laughter.] The ques-
tion of charity to the South was the whole staple
of the debate; "charity," which "suffereth
long and is kind." "Charity envieth not."
" Charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up."
[Laughter,] Charity " doth not behave itself
unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily
provoked, thinketh no evil; rejoiceth not in
iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth all
things, helieveth all things, hopeth all things,
endureth all things; charity never faileth."
But, then, the Apostle adds, which 1 fear might
not be proved here, ."Tongues may fail."
[Laughter.]
Now, to be serious, in a free Republic who
will tolerate this fanfaronade about speech-
making? " Quistulerit Gracchos deseditione
querent es."
Who will tolerate public orators prating
about propriety of speech. Why cannot we
learn that our estimate of others must proceed
upon general views, and not vary according to
particular passions or antipathies Y When
Cromwell in his career through Ireland, in the
name of the Parliament, had set himself down
before the town of Ross andsummoncditto sur-
render, exhausted in its resistance this Papist
community asked to surrender only upon the
conditions of freedom of conscience. Crom-
well replied: "As to freedom of conscience, f
meddle with no man's conscience, but if you
mean by that liberty to celebrate the mass, I
would have you understand that in no place
where tho power of the Parliament of England
prevails shall that be permitted." So, freedom
of speech the honorable Managers in their
imputation do not complain of; but if anybody
says that the House of Representatives hangs
upon the verge of the Government we are to
understand that in no place where the power
of the two Houses of Congress prevails shall
that degree of liberty be enjoyed, though they
meddle with no man's propriety or freedom of
speech.
Mr. Jefferson had occasion to give his views
about the infractions upon freedom of writing
that the sedition law introduced in the Legis-
lature of this country, and at the same time
some opinion about the right of an Executive
to have an opinion about the constitutionality
of a law and to act accordingly ; and I will ask
your attention to brief extracts from his views.
Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to Mr. President
Adams, written in 1804, (Jefferson's Works,
vol. 3, p. 55j,) says:
" I discharged every person under the punishment
or prosecution under the sedition law, because X
considered and now consider that law to be a nullity
as absolute and as palpable as if Congress had
ordered us to fall down and worship a golden image,
and that it was as much my duty to arrest its exe-
cution in every stage as it would have been to have
rescued from the liery furnace those who should have
heeu east into it for refusing to worship the image.
It was accordingly done in every instance, without
asking what tho offenders had done or against whom
they had offended, but whether the pains they were
suflcringwero inflicted under the pretended sedition
law."
And in another letter lie replies to some ob-
servations against this freedom of the Exec-
utive about the constitutionality of laws :
" You seem to think it devolved on tho judges to
decide on the validity of the sedition law; but noth-
ing m tho Constitution has given them a right to de-
cide for tho Executive more than lor the Executive
to decide for thein. Both magistrates are equally
independent in tho sphere of action assigned to
them. The judges believing the law constitutional
had a right to pass a sentence of fine and imprison-
ment, because the power was placed in their hands
by theConstitntion; but theBxecutivcs believing the
the law to be unconstitutional, were bound to remit
the execution of it, because that power had been
confided to them by the Constitution. That instru-
ment meant that its coordinate branches should be
checks on each other; but the opinion which gives
tho judges the right to decide what laws are consti-
tutional and what not, not only lor themselves iu
their own sphere of action, but for tho Legislature
