1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2417
I have no doubt we can receive petitions and
memorials from the people of the United States,
present bills and resolutions, and probably hear
speeches if any one desires to make a speech
when he is so much disturbed as he is to-day.
We may go on with our ordinary business.
Amid the great events that are going on we
must still discharge our duties. Whatever may
be the result of this trial we still have the
work of legislation for a great country to ex-
amine and to perfect, and I am sure our nerves
are not in such condition to-day that, we cannot
go on with the simplest portion of that work,
preparing business for the futui'e.
Mr. DRAKE. That is so with the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I will state
why I made this motion. I did not believe
that during the pendency of this great trial
there would be a disposition even to legislate;
and that very suspense or anxiety which pre-
vails throughout the land, referred to by the
Senator from Missouri, comes up to us; it will
mingle with us in our deliberations ; and I do
not believe that any wholesome legislation will
take place while this suspense exists. The
minds of Senators must be turned to that great
question ; it is the only question to which they
can give their attention until it is finally de-
cided. And, sir, for the purpose of giving
that continued deliberation, that we may exam-
ine thoroughly and fully all the articles of im-
peachment, all the arguments of counsel on
both sides, and weigh in our own minds the
testimony fully, I think it is important that
until the final decision takes place the Senate
should adjourn. It is no use for Senators to
tell me that we can legislate under existing
circumstances. I am as desirous as any Sen-
ator that tlie business of the session should
proceed ; there are matters of vast importance
before the Senate; but until this question is
settled we cannot proceed deliberately and
calmly with the investigation of those import-
ant matters. For this reason I have made the
motion to adjourn over, and I believe it is a
proper motion, and that we had better be de-
layed two days after the trial than to miss these
two important days before the close of the trial.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am sorry that
some of the gentlemen are in such a perturbed
state of mind that they cannot proceed with
the ordinary business of the Senate. If that
be the condition of some of us to-day before
the final judgment in this great cause is taken,
after that final judgment is rendered and pro-
nounced they may be much more perturbed,
in a worse state of mind to proceed with busi-
ness then than now. It may be my condition,
or it may be the condition of others. Amid
storms and earthquakes and all the throes of
nature we have to proceed in the ordinary
duties of life, and of official as well as private
life. One of these ordinary duties of official
life is to attend to the ordinary business of the
Senate; and without regard to present disap-
pointments or present hopes and fears or of a
greater perturbation of mind that may be pro-
duced with some of us—myself probably or
others—by the event that is anticipated to take
place on next Saturday, I think we might as
well proceed in the best state of composure
that we can possibly command to the ordinary
legislation of Congress.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate adjourn. There can be no de-
bate about that. I make the metion so that
we may get time to calm our nerves. Mine
are not unsteady; they are as calm as they
ever were ; but I think it is very well to adjourn
for to-day, and to-morrow, if we come here
not prepared to go on with business, we can
adjourn again. I move, therefore, that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before put-
ting that motion the Chair will receive a mes-
sage from the House of Representatives.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
40th Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 152.
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill:(S. No. 475)
to extend the charter of Washington city; also,
to regulate the selection of officers, and for
other purposes, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The messagealso announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills and jointresolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 420) to incorporate the
Connecticut Avenue and Park Railway Com-
pany, in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1039) to admit the State
of Arkansas to representation in Congress;
A bill (H. R. No. 1045) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the execution of the reconstruction
laws in the third military district for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18(58;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) author-
izing the Seci'etary of War to furnish supplies
to au exploring expedition ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
protection of American interests in the Gulf of
St. Lawrence; and
A concun-ent resolution for an adjournment
of the two Houses of Congress from Saturday,
the 16th instant, until the 26th instant.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I will ask
my friend from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
motion for an adjournment, witli a view of ask-
ing the Senate to take up the bill in relation to
the extension of the charter of the city of
Washington. Senators will remember that the
charter expires on the 15th day of this month,
and it is therefore important that that bill should
be acted on now.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my motion
for the moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion then recurs on the motion of' the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] that when the Sen-
ate adjourn, to-day it be to meet on Friday
next.
Mr. CONNESS. I move for the present to
lay that on the table. It can be taken up again.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be laid aside inform-
ally.
Mr. YATES. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
house bills referred.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill I
have mentioned.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrilj.] desires to have certain bills
referred; and after that I, for one, object to
proceeding with ordinary business to-day. We
did not come here for that purpose. I am sure
that very few feel like it, and it would be better
I think to adjourn ufttil to-morrow. If to-mor-
row the Senate does not feel like going on with
business it can adjourn over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask my
friend from Iowa to allow me to have the bill
from the House providing for the deficiency in
the appropriations for the reconstruction of the
rebel States to be taken from the table and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
so that it can be acted upon at the earliest
possible day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will endeavor to lay all these hills before the
Senate before the adjournment, if there is no
objection. ["Agreed."]
The following bills and joint resolutions, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, were
severally read twice by their titles and referred
as indicated below.
A bill (H. R. No. 420) to incorporate the
Connecticut Avenue and Park railway, in the
District of Columbia—to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 1045) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the execution of the reconstruction
laws in the third military district for the fiscal
year ending June 3Qr 1868—to the Committee
on Appropriations.
_ A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) author-
izing the Secretary of _ War to furnish su pplies
to an exploring expedition—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the MilitUu
The joint resolution (H. R. No.'254) for the-"
protection of American interests in the Gulf af
St. Lawrence was read twice by its titled / ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thi>$>int
resolution will be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Itosghttogoto
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon ;
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. Is the object to indefinitely
postpone it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
representation of arkansas.
The bill (H. R. No. 1039) to admit the State
of Arkansas to representation in Congress was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that bill lie
on the table for the present. I desire to have
it printed and acted on to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that it be printed
now.
The motion was agreed to.
proposed recess.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives providing for a recess from
Saturday, the 16th instant, to Monday, the
25th instant.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the resolution
was ordered to lie on the table.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting the documents
received by him from the conventions held
under the reconstruction acts in the States of
South Carolina and Arkansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that those papers
lie on the table and be printed ; it will bo neces-
sary to have them in the consideration of the
Arkansas bill.
The motion was agreed to.
petition.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg leave to present
the petition of Edwin M. Chaffee, of Provi-
dence, setting forth that in 1830 a patent was
issued to him for an important improvement
in the manufacture of India rubber, reducing
the raw material to a condition to be manu-
factured without the use of solvents, and that
while a great many men have grown rreli from
the business he has never received an adequate
compensation therefor; and he prays for the
passage of an act authorizing the Commis-
sioner of Patents to hear liis application for au
extension of his letters-patent, and to grant
the same if it shall be deemed just and reason-
able. I move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
The motion was agreed to.
washington city charter.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
475) to extend the charter of Washington city ;
also to regulate tlie selection of officers, aud
for other purposes.
The first amendment was in section two, to
strike out " the first month after the passage
of this act'' and insert July, 1868."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to add to the fifth
section the words " unless by order of the
board."
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know
from the honorable member from Iowa wha
is the operation of that last amendment;
Mr. HARLAN. J have not heard the amend-
