1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8441
Mr. K.ELSEY. I withdraw the call to allow
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to
introduce a resolution.
Mr. HARDING. I renew the demand for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the protest is received, and will be entered
on the Journal and printed in the Globe:
ARKANSAS MEMBERS—PROTEST.
The recognized presence of three persons on the
floor of this House from the State of Arkansas, sent
here by military force acting under a brigadier
general of the Army, hut nevertheless claiming to
be members of this Congress, and to share with us,
the Representatives from free States, in the imposi-
tion of taxes and customs and other laws upon ■our peo-
ple, makes it our imperative duty in this, the nrst ease,
to remonstrate inobt solemnly, and to protest as sol-
emnly, against this perilous and destructive innova-
tion upon the principles and practices of our hitherto
constitutional self-government, ihe so-called re-
construction acts-which created the military govern-
ment in Arkansas and like governments in other
southern States to share with us in the legislative
power of the iiorthem and western free people we
havo every reason to believe have beenkheld to be
unconstitutional by the SupremeCourtof the United
States, the public declaration of which tact was
avoided only by the extraordinary and strange device
•of this Congress in snatching jurisdiction from the
•court in the McCardle case when such a public decis-
ion was about to be made.
Of the three great branches of the Government" it
seems, then, that after the Executive vetoed these
acts as unconstitutional, the judiciary adjudicated
them to be so, while a Congress, the creation of but
twenty-seven ofthethirty-sevenStatesof the Union,
overrides these equal and coordinate branches of that
Government, first by voting down the vetoes, next
fey nullifying the judgments of the court! In an era
of piofound peace, when not an armed man rises
against the Government from the Potomac to the
Eio Grande, there, in ton States, our American his-
torical way of creating the organic law has been
utterly subverted by the buyonet. Ever since the
Declaration of Independence, with scarcely an ex-
ception, and even amid the battles of the Revolution,
conventions have been convoked through^ and con-
stitutions created by, the electors of the btates, the
•only authorized depositaries of the sovereign power
of every State without exterior dictation or domina-
tion, as well under the old confederation as under
the existing Federal Constitution. The hardest and
harshest test-oath required from 1766 to the peace of
1783 was an abjuration oath of allegiance to Georgo
III, while some of the now so-called bayonet-mado
•constitutions from the South propose absurd and
•cruel tests, absurd as m Arkansas, where is inter-
woven in the organic law a mere party test between the
Radical ^constructionists and the Democratic con-
servatives.such as would exclude from voting, if living
there, the thousands and tens ol thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands of Democrats in the free States,(art,
8, sec. 4,) or cruel, as in Alabama, where no white man
< an vote who will not forever forswear his own race
and color, and perjure himself by swearing in defi-
ance of the law of God that the negro is his equal
and forever to be his equal at the ballot-box, in the
jury-box, with the cartridge-box; in the schooj, in
the college, in house and houie, and by the fireside;
in short, in every way, everywhere, (arL 7, sec. 4.)
Now in these and the other southern States m the
midst of warFresidentLincoln, in his proclamation,
December 8, 18G3, offeied amnesty and pardon to
rebels then in arms, if they would lay down their
arms and take an oath of fidelity, while now, not a
Union man in Arkansas or Alabama can vote unless
in the~first place he swears allegiance to the majesty
of this Congress, and in the next swears off his
Americanism and Africanizes himself. Hitherto
-constitutions with us have been the outgrowth of
popular life, springing from the exuberance ot our
enterprise and energy in the settlement of the forests
or prairies of our country; but here, before us now,
are nine constitutions, with one if not three more
.yet to come from Texas, which haveallbcen imposed
npon the people by five military satraps or pentarchs,
in a manner never before known under our law, but
borrowed at best fromimperial Roman military colo-
nization, or from the worst precedents of the trench
revolution. France is tUen recorded to have had
five constitutions in three years, so frequently made
and so frequently changed that they were ironically
classed by the French people with the periodical
literature of the day. Louisiana, a colony of that
France, has ho I four constitutions in four years, and
a constitution there has now become periodical liter-
ature, as in France, in the agonies and throes of the
great revolution. Laws, mere statute laws, which
can never be created by conventions, are appended,
more or less, to all these constitutions, and bayonet
created, one-branch governments, with no Execu-
tive, no senate, no house of representative1?, no judi-
ciary have ordained irrepealable, irreversible laws
in the very organism of the State, such as cannot be
thus created by the Executive, the senate, and the
house of representatives of legitimate governments
when acting in unison and all combined. An this
has been done, without regard to pieceding consti-
tutions or precedents, or to the common law ot the
States or the law of nations. , . .
The military, which, under legitimate institutions,
can only be used in time of peace to conserve or pre-
serve the State, have here been used to destroy btates.
The General of the Army, who represents the sword,
and only the sword of the Republic, has been ex-
alted by acts of Congress above the constitutional
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, m
4-0th Conw. 2d Sess.—No. 216.
order to execute those military decrees, and as the
surer way to root out every vestige left of constitu-
tional law or liberty. The same General of the Army,
in order to prolong or perpetuate his military dom-
ination North and West as well as South, has been
selected in party convention at Chicago to head the
electoral vote for the Presidency in ten of our States
which are as much under his feet as Turkey is under
tho Sultan or Poland under the Czar of Russia. But,
as if only to add insult to the injury of this military
outrage upon popular government in these ten
States, either by act of Congress or by these Con-
gress-soldier-made State constitutions, at least two
hundred and fifty thousand whites have been dis-
franchised, while seven hundred and fifty thousand
negroes, inexperienced in all law making, and more
ignorant than our children, have been enfranchised
in their stead, and have thus been created absolute
masters and sovereigns over the whole white popu-
lation of the South.
Because of ail this, and in opposition to all this,
we, Representatives of the people from the free
States, in behalf of our constituents and of thou-
sands and tens of thousands of others who would be
here represented if the popular power withoutcould
now constitutionally act here within, earnestly and
solemnly protest against this violence upon our Con-
stitution and upon our people, and do hereby coun-
sel and advise all friends of popular government to
submit to this force and fraud only until at the bal-
lot-box, operating through the elections, this great
wrong can bo put right. There is no law in the land
supreme over the constitutional law. There is no
government but constitutional government; and
hence all bayouet-made, all Congress-imposed con-
stitutions are of no weight, authority, or sanction,
save that enforced by arms, an element of power
unknown to Americans in peace, and never recog-
nized but as it acts in and under tho supremo civil
law, the Constitution, and tho statutes enacted in
pursuance thereof. We protest, then, in behalf of
the free peoplo of the North and the West, against
the right of this military oligarchy established in
Arkansas or elsewhere in the now reenslaved States
of the South to impose upon us, through Congress,
taxes or customs or other laws to maintain this
oligarchy or its Freedmen's Bureau. Wo protest
against going into the now proposed copartnership
ot military dictators and negroes in the administra-
tion of this Government. We demand, in thenarao
of tho fathers of the Constitution and for the sake
of posterity, not its reconstruction, but the restora-
tion of that sacred instrument which has been to us
ail a pillar of fire from 1787 on to its present over-
throw; and in all solemnity, before God and man,
under a full sense of th,e responsibility of all we
utter, we do hereby affix our names to this protest
against the admission of these three persons claim-
ing to be members of Congress from Arkansas.
JAMES BROOKS,
JAMES B. BECK,
P. VAN TRUMP,
CHAS. A. ELLRIDGE,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
W. MUNGEN.
STEPHEN TABER,
ASA P. GROVER,
L. S TRIMBLE.
GEORGE M. ADAMS,
A.J. GLOSSBRENNER,
STEVENSON ARCHER,
JOHN A. NICHOLSON,
JOHN MORRISSEY,
TI10S. LAURENS JONES,
W. E. NIBLACK,
JULIUS UOTCHKISS,
WM. H. BARNUM,
JOHN W. CHANLER,
S.B. AXTELL.
S. S. MARSHALL,
W. S. HOLMAN,
CHARLES HAIGIIT,
CHARLES SITGREAVES,
J. PROCTOR KNOTT,
J. S. GOLLADAY,
J. M. HUMPHREY.
FERNANDO WOOD.
J. LAWRENCE GBTZ,
F. STONE,
M. C. KERR,
JOHN FOX,
JAMES A. JOHNSON,
JOHN V. L. PRUYN,
W. E. ROBINSON,
B. M. BOYER,
GEO. W. WOODWARD,
CHAS. E. PHELPS,
A. G. BURR,
D. M. VAN AUKEN,
J. R McCORMlCK,
DEMAS BARNES,
JAMES M. CAVANAUGII,
LEWIS W. ROSS,
H. MCCULLOCH.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
The House, under the order heretofore made,
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaixe in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration 01 the
bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distille'd spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Harding, to add, at the end of
section ten, the following:
Provided, That this aet shall not be deemed to
prohibit the producing of alcohol in a distillery by
primary continuous distillation.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thisproposition is an old
acquaintance in this House. Itwas offered by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harding] sit
the-iirst session of the Thirty-Niath Congress,
and was rejected. It was offeredin the second
session of the Thirty-Niut'h Congress, aad atter
full debate, the gentleman from Illinois speak-
ing in its favor, it was rejected without- a divis-
ion. So that this is the third time that this
proposition has been brought before the House,
and I hope it will be rejected as before, without
a division.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I ask the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harding] whether he will not be as well satis-
fied to offer that amendment at the end of sec-
tion eleven, where it more properly belongs.
Mr. Harding was understood to decline.
Mr. PAINE. Itisnotsufficient for me that
the gentleman from Ohio should inform the
House that to him this is an old acquaintance.
It does not satisfy me to be told that under
some former state of the law the Committee of
Ways and Means, or even this whole House,
rejected it. He must do more than that to
convince me that the amendment of tho gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Handing] ought to
be rejected. He must give me some reason
for rejeetingthe amendment. He has not done
it, and I undertake to say that he cannot do it.
It may be true that under the law as it form-
erly stood there was good reason for refusing
to the distillers the right by continuous distilla-
tion in their own distilleries to bring up distilled
spirits to the grade of alcohol. But under the
provisions of this bill, under the law as it will
stand if this bill passes, the gentleman can
find no reason upon which to base his opposi-
tion to this amendment, and the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means will not say
to this House that,there is in this bill any
objection to this amendment, or anything in
confli.ct with it. Nor can any member of the
committee give to this House any reason,
founded on facts of the case under this bill,
why this amendment should not be adopted.
Common sense requires that distillers should
have the right, if they see fit and are able, to
carry the spirits up to the grade of alcohol in
one continuous process of distillation. They
will pay all the tax in that case which they will
be required to pay in anj; other case; and no
one has so far given, I think no one can give,
any good reason why distilled spirits .should
be necessarily and always withdrawn from the
distillery and be rectified at some other place.
Now, sir, I have no especial interest in this
matter; no constituent of mine has any to my
knowledge ; but I am not satisfied to be told
that this amendment is an old acquaintance of
the gentleman from Ohio. My recollection of
the history of this matter is moreover very
different from that of the gentleman from
Ohio. My recollection is entirely in accord-
ance with that of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harding,] who moved this amendment,
that this House inserted this provision' in the
bill, but I know not what became of it in the
Senate. But if it is true, if it ever has been
true, that in any state of the law, under any
regulations that were in force for the collec-
tion of the tax, that this would have embar-
rassed that collection, there is, so far as I can
see, no objection as the bill now stands, as the
law will stand if this bill is passed ; and I call
upon the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to inform the House whether, in
the law as it will stand when his bill is enacted,
there is to be found atiy_ reason why tins
amendment should not be ingrafted upon i
I yield him the remainder of my time, to en-
able him to inform the House on this su je •
Mr. SCHENCK. In answer to that a-ppeaJ-
I will state precisely what my under
is. By the eleventh section of this bill it is
provided, substantially as mAke vi
that no other business than distilling shall be
