1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
main question upon thesubjcct which hewasordered
to investigate—that is, whether I had used, or at-
tempted to use, any influence, political, pecuniary,
or otherwise, to induce any Senator to vote to acquit
the President—and assured him I was ready to swear
that i ha.d not done so, wither directly or indirectly.
Eutli:k relused to ask the question.
The report states that Lacey's testimony disagrees
■with mine; thatlsay I communicated to Lacey Hen-
derson's intention to vote against conviction on Fri-
day evening, and that Lacey states it was on Satur-
day evening, when, according to my statement, I
w.is far 011 my way to Missouri. By reference to the
testimony of Lacey, (question 103, page 1(5,) you will
see tuat no sucti discrepancy appears, andLurLhR
know his assertion was ialse when he wrote it,
On tiiesarue pago the report says I am president
of certain railroads in Missouri in which Mr. J±en-
dksison is interested. I do notthink Mr. Henderson
oxvus any railroad stock anywhere, and I know he
doe* not have a farthing of interest in any road or
company in Missouri or elsewhere with which I am
connected, and no witness before the committee
testified that he had any such interest.
Such are a few of the more glaring falsehoods con-
tained in the lepoit. It is unnecessary to specify
othciri. These are sufficient to brand the production
with a portion ot the infamy pertaining to its author.
'x'o briefly sum up the facts, I will state that I re-
mained in Washington attending to the business of
the several railroad companies with which lam con-
nected during the whole time of the impeachment
tx la 1, and did not once allude to the subject of im-
peachment, either in conversation or in writing, to
any Senator except to Senator Henderson, and I did
not try to ascertain his intentions until after tne
ovidence and arguments had been closed, and I was
about to leave tne city, on the night before the vote
was taken; and, although superfluous, I make the
assertion, that no man acquainted with the diameter
oi Senator Henderson, would have ventured to make
any improper or corrupt overtures to him on that or
any other suojcct.
1 was a member of the Democratic convention of
18(10, at Charleston, South Carolina, where Butler
voted liity odd times for Jell'. Davis for candidate tor
the Presidency. Differing with Butler as to the fit-
ness of his candidate, I made certain remarks which I
suppose he considered oliensive, and it seems he has
neither lorgotten nor lorgiven me. After several
southern States had, under the advice of Butler,
withdrawn from the convention, Butler attended the
bolters' m seting,'' and made a speech, in which he
promised his hre-eatmg brethren (in the event of a
war lc&ulting troui the rupture) theuseof halt amil-
lion northern Democrats to slay the northern aboli-
tionists before they should invade a southern State.
I was disposed at the time to doubt Butler's sm-
ceuty, but subsequent events have satisfied me that
lie would have tried to iullill his promise if he had
continued to believe that the paying side; butatter
reflecting upon the numerical strength of thc^north-
ern States, and especially upon the strength of north-
ern safes, he conciudcd that jewelry and plate were
more accessible at the South, and hence took the
side of his country, and busied himself during the
war in taking j ewelry, plate, and other things, instead
of faking ij'ort Fisher, Big Bethel, and other places.
Youwillnot doubt my sincerity when I suggest that
you oannotafl'urd to place your hard-earnedand well-
desei ved character m the keeping ot this miserable
parody on his species. When he charged you with
contributing to the murder of an innocent woman,
nobody believed him, and the American people read
the terrible charge in the Globe with a shudder of
indignation; but if you peirait him to act as chair-
man of your committee, bully and badger witnesses,
lalsify records, manufacture evidence, and finally
make a report in the names of your committee that
would shock the sensibilities of a buccaneer, even
your character, heretofore without stain, may be
mjuied.
The only truth I find in the report, so far as it
relates to me, is, that I was onoe a member of Con-
gress, and now eollcctor of internal revenue for my
Uiir-Uiel. I voluntaiiiy Lett my seat in Congress, and
will within a week resign the collectorship. For the
manner in which I discharged my duties m Congress
I reier you to my constituents; and ior the kind of
**whisky ring" I belong to, Xrefer you to the files of
the levenue department in this city, and to Hon. E.
A. lioliins, the Commissioner.
I am, sir, with high regard, your old friend,
JAMES CitAIC.
Hon. John A. Bingiia.u.
Metropolitan Hotel,
Washington, June 15,186b.
Sir: In answer to your note of to-day I can only
repeat what I stated as a witness before the impeach-
ment managers on the 18th ultimo, that I had not
mentioned the subject ot the impeachment of the
President to you or any other Senator until after his
tiial and acquittal: that I had visited you but twicc
during this session of Congress, once about the 17th
ot February, before impeachment was inaugurated,
and once early in April. My first visit was to infoim
you 1 had i.een asked to^accepr, the office of collector
ot internal revenue at New Orleans, and to learn if
you would give me your influence to secure my coll-
in malion il I got the nomination ; you said as then
advised you would, but advised me to get letters of
indorsement to other Senators, as you had known
nothing of me since I left Missouri. I promised to
do so and retired, leaving in your room Mr. Britton
and Mi. Lumbcrger, of St. Louis, who were present
during the interview. I left for Memphis soon after,
and returned here the last of March, and called upon
you early in April, and exhibited my letters of in-
dorsement, which wore satisfactory, and you promised
to favor my confirmation. These two interviews are
40th Cono. 2d Skss.—No. 280.
all we have had for several years. I have met you
occasionally on the avenue and in the corridors of
the Capitol at times subsequent to that date, but
nothing occurred beyond a bow of recognition. And
now I repeat that at no time between the inception
of the impeachment and the vote on the eleventh
article did I ever mention to you or you to mc the
subject of impeachment. I was not here for any
such purpose, but had been summoned here to take
an office which I had not sought.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. T. LACEY.
TTon. J. B. Henderson, E Street, Wcuhiagton.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated that the author
was advised of the meaning of this note when
he prepared the report.
On page 16 of the report a part of the testi-
mony of Mr. Lacey is introduced for another
purpose, and it will be seen by his testimony
that Mr. Craig having heard that I was going to
resign called on me oil the 13th of May to
advise me against it. I quote from the ques-
tions and answers of Mr. Lacey :
" Question, "Was it the day you told the fact to Mr.
Cooper?
" Answer. Yes.
" Question. Craig did go to see Henderson?
" Answer. He told me hodid that night or the next
day. I got the information from Silas Woodson.
When I returned from the post office I met Silas
Woodson from Missouri, and ho said Henderson is
going to 'stick.' ' lie is not going to resign.'"
Instead, therefore, of the testimony leaving
the true meaning of this note in obscurity, it
explains it in such manner as to strip the insin-
uations of all plausibility, and to stamp the
author as a bold, willful, and intentional falsi-
fier of the truth. I must refer to one other
statement contained in this document intended
to affect me injuriously. On page 18 appears
the following telegram:
Washington", May 15,1868.
Senator Henderson says conviction will fail by
two votes. ^ LOCKWOOD.
John II. Garland, New York.
Then follows the insinuation, "so the gold-
room had the benefit of Senator IIexder&ox's
knowledge." At another place we are told
that "Loekwood" is Mr. L. L. Crounse, the
intelligent and gentlemanly "Washington cor-
respondent of the New York Times. On the
same page is given the testimony of Colonel
McClurg, a member of Congress from Mis-
souri, taken, not before this committee, but
extracted, as I have said, from the unpublished
records of another committee, in which testi-
mony appears the following passage, namely:
"Senator Henderson handed to me in writing his
reply to the delegation, t^this was the evening of the
14th of May.) Ho then stated to me in most dis-
tinct and positive language that the impeachment
of the President would fail; that the second article
would fail by eiiher ' at least' or ' about' two votes,
(I will notsay which,) and the eleventh article would
fail by three or four votes.* * *
"Upon my asking if I might repeat this conversation
to my colleagues, and being answered in the affirma-
tive, I retired.*'
I now send to the desk the letter of Mr.
Crounse. with whom I had not the pleasure of
a personal acquaintance until since the public-
ation of this report.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Beak Sir: Yournoteofthe20th instantis received.
In reply 1 liavc to say that the dispatch in question was
not founded on any conversation had with you, and
further, that I never had any communication with
you,directly or indirectly, on thesubjectotimpeach-
meilt. The information on which I based this and
other dispatches, public and private, came to me in
such a positive manner troui members of the Mis-
souri delegation, that I feltwarranted in putting it
in such brief and positive term1?. Eut the assamp- j
turn ofUcTLER that "Hendeesox told Crnunso"
what is contained in this dispatch, or anything else,
is wholly unwarranted, either bv the dispatch itsclt
or :inv other evidence in or out of Bi; rLi-iu's possesion,
and, I may add, is only another evidence ot those
skillful perversions ot the truth for which that gentle-
man has achieved a reputation which none can
desire or hope to approach.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, I
L. L. CliOU^SE. ,
Hon. J. B. Hexderson. |
Mr. HENDERSON. It therefore appears, i
Mr. President, first, that I did not communi- j
eate the information to Mr. Crounse for any j
purpose whatever : second, that it was com- j
municated only as an opinion to Colonel 11c- [
Clurg, an active friend of impeachment, with j
the privilege that he might communicate it to j
the other Missouri members, who were equally j
favorable to impeachment; third, that this
information, for good or bad purposes, was
communicated by them to Mr. Crounse, and
not by me ; and fourth, that the insinuation
contained in this report against me is gratuitous
and false, and the writer knew it.
Mr. President, one or two general remarks
and I am done. I forbear to characterize this
whole proceeding as history must receive it.
For selfish and malicious purposes the whole
power of this Government has been given for
fifty days. Telegraph offices have been ran-
sacked and the operators dragged before a
secret committee and subjected to a species of
examination unknown in this country. Private
letters have been surreptitiously taken from, the
desks of the writers. The officers of banks
have been compelled to expose the accounts
of their customers, and to their utter astonish-
ment have been interrogated as to the corrup-
tion of men whose characters were previously
without stain. Men have been subjected to
imprisonment and insult such as illustrated the
days of the base, contemptible, and cowardly
Jeffreys.
After all this work of iniquity a cunning,
perverted statement is made suppressing and
concealing the entire mass of testimony taken,
which statement contains nothing except such
miserable assaults as I have referred to. The
logic of the document is as vicious and cor-
rupt as the motives prompting the proceeding.
The object of the entire proceeding was to
injure those who could not be bullied nor
seduced into an abandonment of their convic-
tions of right to selfish or partisan purposes.
It was to bring suspicion on the seven Kepub-
hcan Senators who voted for acquittal. The
President is lost sight of. The report is sim-
ply a work of vengeance. It is not to vindi-
cate truth. It is the punishment which malice
inflicts to soothe its disappointment. The im-
potency of the effort is acknowledged in a pas-
sage of that corrupt logic to which 1 have
referred, found on page S3, it reads as fol-
lows :
"While Adams and men of his stamp, as is admit-
ted so freely, are ottering- the votes ot other Senators
in the maiket, as almost to establish a price-current
for them, yet no man, upon the evidence beioro your
committee, breathes the thought that any one of the
seven was open to theslightest suspicion of approach."
The report proceeds:
"Does not this studied silence of all the witnesses
as to the ' seven' appear*as the conscious attempted
concealment of all clew to their motives lest they
should be discovered."
We are told in this connection that the names
of Senators Nye, Tiiton, Pomeroy, Wilson-,
Thayer. Anthony, Sprague, and Morton are
canvassed as proper subjects for bribery and
corruption, but no one breathes the name of
the seven. Then comes the conclusion that
the seven must be guilty because there is no
testimony against them, and the others must
be innocent because there is testimony against
them. How much these gentlemen must feel
indebted to the writer for his kindness in con-
necting their names with these disgraceful
proceedings, suppressing the testimony, and
then volunteering his own hypocritical defense
that they are '' honorable'' men 1 I know they
are honorable men. The country knows it.
But their characters are none the better for
being vouched by the author of this paper.
They need no defense from Benjamin F. But-
1,10tt. When the necessity for defense shall
arise thousands of honest and patriotic men
throughout the laud will spriug forward to
attest their integrity and purity, even against
the false implications of hisvicious logic. After
this last argument, that the absence of all
proof to support a fact is the best evidence to
establish it 1 dismiss the report, the infamous
proceedings which led to its publication, and
its more infamous author, to that just contempt
which they have already received at the
of honest and reflecting men of all political
parties and of all shades of opinion.
SENATOR FROM ALABAMA.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the credentials
of Hon. Willard Warner, elected a Senator
