3442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June-24,
carried on within a distillery with the excep-
tion of the manufacture of s&leratus and the
grinding of grain into meal. I understand
that it is claimed at the Department that to
double over, to redistill by successive and con-
tinuous distillation, is really the carrying on of
a second business in the distillery, and on that
ground they have decided that it cannot be
done. I do not myself, I confess, see any
objection to this redistillation, provided nothing
is produced but alcohol. But if there be in
this process anything equivalent, to the recti-
fication of whisky, there will be an escape then
from the special tax the rectifier l\a8 to pay.
Our object is to get a special tax from the dis-
tiller on every barrel ho produces of proof-
whisky, and then from the rectifier a further
special tax for rectification.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means 
Mr. SCHENCK. As this thing appears to
me, it is only a process of continuous distilla-
tion, equivalent to redistillation, so as to pre-
vent the production of alcohol in the ordinary
distilleries of the country.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman—-
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think there is
any rectification in it.
Mr. HARDING. No rectification is con-
templated. It is primary distillation and only
a degree of spirits.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paixe.]
Mr. HARDING. If the gentleman will
yield to me a moment, I will say that although
I made the motion it was withdrawn on the
suggestion of the committee that they would
insert the words "continuous distillation."
Those words were inserted, and the bill went
to the Senate. What was done there I do not
know. But I have always understood that
since that bill was passed in all the large dis-
tilleries of the West they have been running
high wines up to the alcohol point.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not say nor think
that the mere fact that this proposition had
been twice rejected would be of itself sufficient
to secure its rejection again, as the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] seemed to
suppose. But I did think it ought to give this
committee pause before they make a change of
this sort. Before coming into this House this
morning I read over very carefully the entire
debate on this subject when it was formerly
under consideration. That was in my mind, as
I stated to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schesck,] for I recol-
lected distinctly the debate in Committee of
the Whole. It is recorded upon the page of the
Globe before me that the amendment of Mr.
Farquhar was rejected, and that was the end
of it. The argument in that case is very well
stated in the speech of Mr. Conklinq, a pass-
age from which I will read:
" Now, sir, the proposition of the committee in this
regard was, after a careful investigation by the sub-
committee, in conjunction with tho Government
officers, that this process, called in parliamentary
language'continuous distillation'—called again in
another phrase 'repeated doublings'—is a process
which passes the comprehension of dotectives, which
eludes any mode of detection which wc could apply,
and enables those men not only to distill and redistill
b'ut to distill afresh, and make in placc of one
quantity of liquor repeated quantities, only one
quantity being taxed. That was the proposition,
and to meet it this provision was adopted."
Now, on that argument, still further enforced
by other members, the amendment wasrejected.
Now, let me state in brief the objection to this
amendment.
In the first place liquor is run throngh and
converted into raw spirits, or high wines. Now,
if they may take this liquor, after it has once
gone through the process of distillation, which
subjects it to the Government tax—if without
paying the tax it may be" put back and run
through again, and then put back and run
through again and again, and made into per-
fect alcohol, or something a little short of per-
fect alcohol—into how many kinds of liquor I
do not know, into what other marketable com-
modities I cannot tell—it seems to me that we
allow a process in every particular as danger-
ous as the process of rectification tvould be in
the very still-house itself.
It is on that ground that the Committee of
Ways and Means have for two years steadily
resisted allowing this process, and now that
committee very properly say that a rectifying
establishment shall be at least six hundred feet
away from the distillery, and yet it is proposed
to put into this bill a proposition which allows
just as dangerous a process as rectification to
be performed in the very still-house itself. I
hope the amendment will be rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. INGEESOLL. I renew the amend-
ment. There is nothing in the least danger-
ous about this proposition. I wish to call the
attention of tho committee to some of the
facts about the manufacture of high wines in
the West. By this bill "proof-spirit" is re-
quired to he of the specific gravity of about
nine tenths of that of pure water. A gallon
of high wines, wine measure, of that specific
gravity, is made the standard gallon for the
purposes of taxation For illustration, we will
suppose that the specific gravity of alcohol is
about eight tenths of that of water. The spe-
cific gravity of "proof-spirit" is about nine
tenths of that of water. A distiller in Peoria,
a thousand miles from New York, the great
market, distills high wines with tho purpose
of sending it to that market. To reduce the
cost of transportation is a very material ques-
tion with him. Now, if he fills a barrel which
holds forty gallons, wine measure, with "proof"
whisky, he has but forty gallons. If lie fills
that barrel with whisky, which is of the spe-
cific gravity of alcohol, he has put about sixty
"proof" gallons in the forty-gallon barrel,
and he can thus save the transportation on a
half barrel, or twenty gallons. But he has to
pay the tax precisely as though there were only
one and a half barrels of the "proof" gallon.
There is no evasion of the payment of any tax,
and it is impossible that there should be.
But the advantage to the western distiller is
this: he can condense fifteen bushels of corn
into one barrel instead of ten bushels. Fif-
teen bushels of grain will make sixty " proof"
gallons ; if he be allowed to distill by any pro-
cess of distillation "continuous" or other-
wise to the specific .gravity of alcohol, ho can
thus put into one forty-gallon cask that which
is equivalent to sixty " proof" gallons.
Mr. GARFIELD. Tho gentleman does not
take into consideration the loss by waste.
Mr. INGEIiSOLL. There is no loss by
waste except the mere evaporation.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is the waste in
doubling.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no more waste
in "doubling" at that distillery than in re-
moving it to the alcohol distillery and there
redistilling it into alcohol. There must be a
waste somewhere ; and is it intended by this
bill to make the manufacturer pay tax on that
which is necessarily wasted in evaporation and
necessary waste in the honest manufacture of
alcohol ? I hope not.
Now, sir, there is not a single distillery in
the West that does hot distill its wines as high
above " proof" as it is possible ; so that in a
barrel holding forty gallons "wine measure"
there can be-shipped to New York what is
equivalent to fifty-five or sixty gallons of
" proof" whisky, and there is no more danger
of fraud when the distiller is allowed to run the
whisky as high above "proof" as possible
than when he runs it exactly to the "proof"
point. Let me read one section of the bill,
and I shall be done:
Sec. 2. And hp. it further enacted. That proof-spirit,
shall be held and taken to bo that alcoholic liquor
which contains one half its volume of alcohol of a
specific gravity of seven thousand nine hundred and
thirty-nine ten thousandths at sixty degrees Fahren-
heit: and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for
the provention and detection of frauds by distillers
of spirits, is hereby authorized to adopt, procure,
and prescribe for use, at the expense of tho United
States, such hydrometers, saecharometers, weighing
and gauging instruments, meters, or other means for
ascertaining the quantity, gravity, and prodnaing
capacity of any mash, wort, or beer used or to be
used in the production of distilled spirits, and the
strength and quantity of spirits subject to tax, as he
may deem necessary; and he may prescribe rules and
regulations to secure a uniform and correct system
of inspection, weighing, and gauging of spirits. And
in all sales of spirits hereaftermade.wherenotother-
wise specially agreed, a gallon shall be taken to be a
gallon of proof-spirit, according to the foregoing
standard set forth and declared for the mspeetion
and gauging of spirits throughout the United States.
Now, that is all there is about it;_ and there
is no more chance of fraud in allowing them to
"run up" their wines above "proof" than to
compel them to ship one and a half barrels
when they could ship over the railroad one
barrel containing the same number of " proof"
gallons at a saving of an immense amount to
western manufacturers in the cost of transport-
ation from Peoria to New York.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state one objection to this, and to say that the
gentleman from Illinois is mistaken in his pre-
mises. There is nothing in this bill to prevent
a man having an alcohol column in his distill-
ery provided he is bound by the rate of tax
on spirits prior to its becoming alcohol, and the
Government does not lose the decrease or its
return. The Government loses this difference,
and that is the disadvantage of this system.
The tax being reduced to tifty cents on the
proof-spirits, when you redistill that into alco-
hol you have to return Jess than when it was
redistilled into alcohol. This bill provides that
the Government shall receive the tax on the
difference between the proof-spirits and after
its redistillation into alcohol. By the adop-
tion of this amendment the Government will
lose the tax upon the difference in the redis-
tillation into alcohol after its return.
Now, sir, so far as the distillation into alco-
hol is concerned at the distillery, there is no
objection to that. Alcohol cannot be made
in the common stills. The gentleman from
Illinois knows that, for there are a great many
distilleries in Peoria. He knows that alcohol
cannot be made in common stills. There is
no objection to it provided the Government is
to obtain the tax upon the decrease in the
quantity between the proof-spirit and after it
has been redistilled into alcohol. I myself
have no objection to the distillation of alcohol
in a distillery provided the tax is paid to the
Government on the spirit before it is redis-
tilled into alcohol. I want the tax put upon
the proof gallon of distilled spirits.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is what I am for.
Mr. LOGAN. That will not be the result
by the adoption of this amendment. The
Government will lose the tax upon the differ-
ence between the proof gallon and the alcohol.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question then recurred on Mr. Hard-
ing's amendment, and it was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read as follows:
Skc. XI. And be -if further enacted, That no person
shall use any _still_, boiler, or other vessel for the pur-
Pose ot distilling in any dwelling-house, nor in any
shed,yard, or inclosure connected withanydwelling-
hou&e, nor on board of any vessel or boat, nor in any
building or on any premises where beer, lager beer,
ale, porter, or other fermented liquors. vinegar or
ether are manufactured orprodueed, or where sugars
or sirups are refined, or where liquors of any de-
scription are retailed, or where any other business is
carried on; and every person who shall use any still,
boiler, or other vessel for the purpose of distilling
as aforesaid,in any building orotherprcmises where
the above specified articles are manufactured, pro-
duced, refined, or retailed, or other business is car-
ried on, or on board of any vessel or boat, or in any
dwelling-house, or other place as aforesaid, or shali
aid or assist therein, or who shall cause or procure the
same to be done, shall, on eonviction.bc fined $1,000,
and imprisoned for not less than sis months nor more
than two years, in the discretion of the court: Pro-
vided, That saleratus may be manufactured, or meal
or flour ground from grain in any building or on any
premises where spirits are distilled; but such meal
