1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
I implore gentlemen to pause before these
impending calamities. Let them reflect upon
the personal consequences of the step they are
about to take. If the danger to the welfare of
the country and to the continued existence of
their party can excite no alarm, let them re-
member their oaths of office, the constituency
to whom each must render his account, aud the
individual liability thus incurred. In our posi-
• tion as members of this House we are not our
own agents. We are here in representative
capacities ; nor do we reflect aloue the voice
and wishes of the politicians at home. Under
the theory and laws of our country wc arc the
servants of the whole people, whose wants and
wishes we impersonate on this floor. To their
happiness and prosperity let us devote our-
selves, to their best interests let us be faithful,
and to their bidding let us bow with obedience,
so that we may hereafter meet them without
fear and without reproach. The day will
speedily come when all of us must render an
account of our stewardship, not only to our
friends and neighbors, but to God and our
country. Let us try so to discharge this duty
that, whether living or dying, in public or pri-
vate life, in the presence of our families or of
our Maker, we can conscientiously justify and
maintain our conduct.
Messrs. PRUYN, ALLISON, McCOR-
MICK, STEWART, COBURN, PAINE, and
SITGilEAVES addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a few words in explanation of my own posi-
tion, and of the vote which I feel compelled to
give upon the important proposition now before
the House.
It is well known to the members of this
House, to my constituents, and to the country,
that I voted against preferring the articles of
impeachment of the President which were
reported by a majority of the Judiciary Com-
mittee at the commencement of the present ses-
sion. It is not needful that I enter into any
detailed statement of the reasons upon which
that vote was given. But I will say that from
a careful examination of all the evidence taken
and reported to us by the Judiciary Committee
I was not satisfied that the President had been
guilty of any such express and specific violation
of law, or of any such willful and corrupt offi-
cial misconduct as would legally authorize a
conviction by the Senate. The President and
the Congress of the United States were diamet-
rically opposed in their views as to the proper
policy to be pursued in the restoration of the
States lately in rebellion. The political party
in the country opposed to the majority in both
Houses of Congress had rallied to the support
of the President's policy, and in opposition to
that of Congress ; and the President had joined
his political fortunes with the party in opposi-
tion to that which placed him in office.
It did not appear to me that any such specif) I
and definite offense could be proved against the
President as to give his impeachment or con-
viction any other appearance or character than
a political one, and I greatly feared that we
should thus establish a precedent which might
seem to justify any future Congress in remov-
ing from office any President on account of
mere political differences. It is known, too,
that very great differences existed upon the law
of impeachment, and whether the President
could legally be impeached for corrupt mis-
conduct in office when no law had been passed
declaring such misconduct to be a crime, and
enacting a penalty against it.
In the feverish exasperation existing between
the President and Congress I thought it es-
pecially unfortunate that we should be called
upon to establish a precedent that would have
the force of a law upon that subject. The
country had just emerged from a terrible war
for the nation's life, which laid upon us a stag-
gering debt which required all our efforts to
meet; our national finances were in a preca-
rious situation ; the reaction in the business
of the country, caused by the change from the
immense demands of war to the lesser ones of
peace, had created a general depression in all
the industries of the country, which were
laboring under a heavy but necessary burden
of taxation.
Under these circumstances, when every effort
and energy of every department of the Govern-
ment was needed in aid of the business and in-
dustry of the country, it seemed to me unwise
to add a new element of excitement to the
financial eddies and whirlpools, and another
cause to distract the attention of Congress
from proper effort to ameliorate the condition
of the country.
I was not, perhaps, as much affected by the
political aspects and consequences of the ques-
tion as some other persons, here and elsewhere;
but I could not resist the belief that under the
circumstances a prosecution of impeachment
against the President would be regarded by
the people as a political persecution, and prove
disastrous to the party upon whom must rest
its responsibility.
Besides these reasons, I desired, if possible,
to avoid the disgrace and obloquy which such
a proceeding would bring upon republican
institutions and government among other na-
tions and peoples of the earth.
I have not been able to approve the course
of the President for the last two years more
than other members of my political party. ^ I
considered that in Congress, as the law-making
department of the Government, rested the
power and the duty of prescribing the forms,
terms, and conditions upon which the seceding
and rebelling States should again be restored
to their places in the Union, and when the
determination of Congress had been expressed
on that subject by the constitutional majority
over the objections of the President, that it
was his duty to forego his own private views
and in good faith to execute their law as the
will of the people. That he did not do so, but,
on the contrary, (so far as was in his power
without expressly violating the law,) desired
and designed that the legislation of Congress
should prove futile and unavailing, I was forced
to believe. Notwithstanding this, I believed
it safer and wiser to endure the evil for the
short remainder of the President's term than
to risk the perils incidental to this new trial of
our system of government by an attempt to
remove the chief officer of the nation.
I was gratified that my own view of the
proper action to be taken proved to be in har-
mony with a majority of my political friends
in this House. 1 have reason to believe, too,
that my own immediate constituents (very tew
of whom are admirers of the President or of
his policy) concurred in the judgment by which
I was governed.
I am still fully satisfied with the reasons and
conclusions of my own mind, and feel neither
compunction or regret even when gentlemen
who took the opposite view somewhat tri-
umphantly and complacently vaunt their supe-
rior wisdom as demonstrated by more recent
events.
I did most earnestly hope that no new cause
of irritation would arise, and that at least no
juster and more imperative reason for impeach-
ment proceedings against the President would
be afforded. But in this hope I have been dis-
appointed. The President has openly and pur-
posely defied and set at naught a law passed
by ourselves according to all the forms and
requirements of the Constitution. In attempt-
ing the removal of the Secretary of War and
the devolution of his duties upon another with-
out the consent of the Senate, he has commit-
ted an act which we have declared by a law of ;
Congress to be a high misdemeanor, to be pun- j
ished by severe tine and imprisonment. I do
not understand that this has been done by the
President upon any claim of doubt or doubtful
interpretation of the law, upon which different
minds might come honestly to different results
as to his right and power under aud by the
law, but upon the broad ground that the law
itself is invalid as contravening the presidential
power to remove persons from office under the !
Constitution.
Since this discussion has been pending, I
have heard it suggested by friends of the Pres-
ident that he claimed, and had been advised,
that the Secretary of War was not within the
provisions of the " tenure-of-offiee" act of
March, 1867, because he was appointed to that
office and confirmed by the Senate during Mr.
Lincoln's first term in the presidential office,
and had never been formally reappointed and
confirmed since the commencement of his sec-
ond term. I have not examined the question
sufficiently to satisfy myself whether there is
any reasonable ground to make such a ques-
tion. I think it clear that the President has
not in fact acted upon any such ground, but
for the reasons set forth in his veto message—
that the law itself was invalid. The President
treated the Secretary of War as within the pro-
visions of the act, and suspended him for al-
leged cause as he might properly _ do, and
submitted his reasons for the suspension to the
Senate. I have seen nothing from the Pres-
dent himself, either in his official utterances
or those of a more private character, which
have become public through the press, which
claim any other justification for his recent ac-
tion than that the law itself was _ not binding
upon him. I feel very sure that if his action
in this respect is allowed to pass unrebuked it
will be claimed by him and his friends as a
triumph over the law itself, and a surrender by
Congress to the President of the constitutional
question involved in the passage of the law.
1 cannot, therefore, allow myself to treat this a3
a question of honest difference of opinion be-
tween the President and Congress on the con-
struction of the law, which I agree would not,
in my judgment, be a good ground of impeach-
ment. 1 treat it as I think the President has
treated it, as involving the question whether
the President is bound by the laws enacted by
Congress by the constitutional majority over
his constitutional objections.
I am aware that the extent of the presiden-
tial power to remove officers, to whose ap-
pointment the consent of the Senate was requi-
site, has been, from the formation of the Con-
stitution, a much debated and controverted
subject. In passing the tenure-of-offiee act,
Congress attempted to settle and define the
presidential power in this respect. They
acted in the light of the Constitution itself,
and all the discussions and practice and pre-
cedents under it. They determined that by
the Constitution the power of removal was
coextensive with the power of appointment,
and that where the consent of the Senate was
necessary to the appointment it was equally
necessary in order to a removal; and the law
was enacted in accordance with that view.
The President honestly believed, I have no
doubt, that the law trenched upon his consti-
tutional power of removal, and he returned
the bill to Congress, slating his views and his
objections to its constitutionality. On solemn
reconsideration of the bill, with the objec-
tions of the President before them, both Houses
of Congress, by more than two thirds of each
branch, reenacted it. The Constitution pro-
vides that in such event an act shall become
a law notwithstanding the objections of the
President. The President is not a part of
the law-making power of the Government,
except in this limited and qualified sense. If
tor any reason he refuses his assent to an act
passed by Congress the act must be again con-
sidered and have the assent of two thirds of
both Houses. When this has been obtained,
the law then attains precisely the same force
and validity as if it had the assent and signa-
ture ot the President. When the President
has performed his duty by returning the bill
to Congress with his reasons for refusing his
assent his power, as a part of the law-making
department, is exhausted. If. not\vith>taud-
mg his objections, it receives the .sanction of
two thirds of both Houses, it becomes ft ht-.v,
and a law which the chief executive oQieer of
the Government is bound to see as faithfully
enforced as any other.
The doctrine sometimes asserted that the
