1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3448
or flour only to bo used for distillation on the prem-
ises.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
"meal or flour," and insert "grain of all
kinds."
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen must send
up their amendments in writing.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move the following amend-
ments ;
In lino five, strike out tlie words "or on any prem-
ise*;"
In line nine, strike out the words "«r where any
other business is carried on;"
In lines eleven and twelve, strike oat the words
"or other premises;" and
In lino thirteen, strike out the words "or -other
business is carried on."
Mr. Chairman, this section absolutely pro-
hibits any person from carrying on any other
business on the premises if he is engaged in
distilling. The word " premises" is rather a
comprehensive term, and may embrace a tract
of land of two or three hundred acres, as well
as a lot in a town or city; and if this section is
enacted into law a person engaged in farming
will be prohibited from carrying on a distillery.
It often happens in the rural districts that a
man maybe engaged in carrying on a saw-mill
or grist-mill or a store on the premises. Now,
he must either dispense with this other busi-
ness or be prohibited from carrying on the
business of distillation. I think that would be
unfair. I do not think we have a right to pro-
hibit, a person who by his industry and energy
has built up several kinds of business from
carrying them on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I may say of this amend-
ment. as my colleague [Mr. Garfield] did of
another this morning, and with more reason,
that it is an old acquaintance. An attempt
has been made uniformly whenever an internal
tax bill has been up to amend it so as to allow
the distiller to carry on any other business in
and about his distillery ; but it has been found
absolutely essential for protection against
frauds on the revenue that these men should
be confined strictly to their business on the
premises selected for that business. And such
is the law now, even to the very use of the
word that the gentleman particularly objected
to. The present law is that no person shall
use any still, boiler, or other vessel for the
purpose of distilling in any building or on any
premises where other operations are carried
on. The exceptions have already been stated.
The reason why this exception alone should
bo allowed, even if there be any reason for
excluding everything else, must be obvious.
J ustasyou multiply occupations and businesses
in and about the distillery you offer an oppor-
tunity for fraud. As to the hardship on the
farmer who at the same time owns a distillery,
that exists only in fancy, I think ; because he
does not cai'ry on his farming operations in
the building or on the premises pertaining to
the distillery building. He can have a fence
around it, separate it from the rest of his farm,
and he ought to do so. The premises of course
will be construed m the law to mean just that
portion of real estate which immediately apper-
tains to or is connected with the building.
Mr. KOONTZ. After the explanation given
by the chairman of the committee I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line nine, after the word " on," the fol-
lowing;
Except the making or repairing of sueli cooper's
ware as may be necossary to the barreling of spirits
or for mash or beer tubs, flake or cooling tubs: Pro-
vided, The same be (lone in a separate building.
I make this motion for this reason: there are
a great many little distillers in my section who
ii nd it exceedingly inconvenient to import their
barrels. They have in their manufacturing estab-
lishments cooper's ware, or it may be adjacent
to the still-house. It is a great expense and
inconvenience to be obliged to transport barrels.
1 offer this amendment, and would like to hear
from the chairman of the committee on the
subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the Depart-
ment has never interfered with the repair or
keeping in order of cooperage, as an incidental
business, The reason why we make one ex-
ception in this section in regard to the grind-
ing of grain to be used only for distillation on
the premises, is that there have been some in-
stances where the revenue officers have decided
that that is a different business, while in other
districts they have decided that it is incidental
to the distillery, and not a separate business.
We have put this exception in because there
has been objection to carrying on the business
of grinding. But I think no objection has ever
been made to the repairing of barrels, which
has been treated as a business incident to
distillation.
Mr. MULLTNS. Afterthe explanation given
by the chairman of the committee I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make an ,
inquiry. It is well known that the business of
feeding hogs and cattle is sometimes carried on
quite extensively on the same premises. Now,
1 want to know if that business is to be inter-
fered with under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all. We even
recognize it as a part of the distillery business,
in another section.
Mr. INGERSOLL. All right.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 12. And he it further enacted. That there shall
be assessed and collected monthly, in tho same man-
ner as other taxes are assessed andcollected, on every
registered distillery having an aggregato capacity
lor mashing and fermenting one hundred bushels of
grain or less in twenty-four hours, live dollars pel-
day ; and three dollars per day for every hundred
bushels of such capacity m excess of one hundred
bushels in twenty-lour hours. But any distillerwho
shall stop work, as provided by this act, shall not be
compelled to pay on any distillery more than two
dollars per day during the time the work shall be so
suspended in his distillery.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out '' five dollars" and " three dollars,"
where they occur in the sixth line, and insert
" one- dollar." It seems to me, sir, that all
Federal legislation in relation to taxing whisky
for several years past, whether designedly so
or not, has been in the interest of those whoare
to command an extensive capital, and against
the laboring masses of limited means. Pre-
vious to the enactment of our stringent and
complicated excise laws upon this subject large
numbers of our farmers who raised a surplus
of grain for which they had no remunerative
or convenient market manufactured it into
whisky in small distilleries on their own prem-
ises. They were, as a general thing, honest
working men, of moderate means, without
either the skill, inducement, or inclination to
concoct those villainous compounds which are
now known as whisky, and the consequence
was their production was a genuine, honest,
pure, unadulterated liquor. Such I know were
the men who gave to Kentucky whisky its world-
wide reputation. But the imposition of the
enormous taxes we have had for several years
past, and a dread of the numberless pitfalls
with which our excise laws abound, have driven
all this class of whisky manufacturers out of
the business, and the production of whisky has
been for the most part handed over to immense
moneyed monopolies in the large cities and
towns, who, instead of old-fashioned, honest,
country-made copper whisky, give us a nauseous
steamed slop or a poisonous concoction of coc-
euius Indieus, strychnine, and dog-leg tobacco,
compared with which, I had almost said, aqua
fortis would be an innocent and wholesome
beverage.
Now, sir, with the tax at fifty cents a gallon,
and the distiller only required to pay it as he
sells his whisky, we will have our _ old-fash-
ioned country still-houses going again. They
can compete, and compete successfully, with
these plethoric moneyed monopolies of the
cities, and we will hear no more of whisky
frauds, of subterranean pipes, no more of hose
extending from the still-house over the roofs
of the intervening buildings to the rectifying
shops. The people will get good whisky and
tho Government will get its revenue. But
impose this tax of five dollars a day upon
them, whether their distilleries are capable of
running out a hundred bushels of masli or not,
and you will keep them out the business as
you have driven them out, and continue it in
the hands of monopolists, for, sir, the farmer
cannot pay this tax of $150 each month in
addition to the other direct and indirect taxes
imposed upon the production of whisky in this
bill. Now, sir, take my word for it, the farm-
ers all over the country who would like to make
their surplus grain into whisky will want to
know why this discrimination is made between
them and all other manufacturers in the coun-
try. And they will especially want to know
why it is that the small distiller is required to
pay five dollars a day on every hundred bushels
of mash he is capable of running out while his
wealthier neighbor is only required to pay three
dollars on each alternate hundred bushels.
And, sir, they will demand an answer. If we
are legislating for the interests of the wealthy
capitalists this section is right, but if we have
in view the interests of the laboring masses
then we will adopt this amendment, or, what
I would prefer, strike out the section alto-
gether.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I do it chiefly because I desire to
support the principle contained in the section
as it is. I would have no 'objection to reduce
the amount, but I am opposed to reducing it to
one dollar. We received last year $13,500,000
from the whisky tax, when at the rate of two
dollars a gallon we should have received at
least $100,000,000. The causes which the
public generally believed led to this were first
the inefficient conduct or bad conduct of the
officers appointed by the Administration, and
secondly the high rate of the tax. I believe
both of those causes tended to produce the
result, and I voted with a majority of the com-
mittee to reduce the tax to fifty cents a gallon
in order that we might test what effect a reduc-
tion would have. But one of the chief reasons
why we do not raise the amount we should have
done from the tax on whisky, as I take it, was
the improper mode of collecting this tax;. I
believe if we were to assess and collect the tax
according to the fermenting capacity of the
distillery, that, as was said yesterday by my
venerable colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] we would
be able to collect atleast three fourths of the tax.
Mr. ALLISON. "What does the gentleman
mean by the fermenting capacity of the dis-
tillery?
Mr. MYERS. The capacity of the mash
tubs in connection with the number of hours
necessary for fermentation. If you would
secure the proper collection of the tax, then
test this new method first. I favor this sec-
tion because it contains that principle to some
extent. And I take it that if we take this step
toward the principle of the fermenting capacity
of the distillery we will receive a large amount
of money from this tax. And if we find next
year that the tax has not been fully and prop-
erly collected we can then adopt the entire
principle of the fermenting capacity of the dis-
tillery and collect the tax in that way. That
will simplify the law, obviate the expense of
meters and stamps, and do away with a large
majority of the officers employed under the
present system.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Knott] by striking out ''one dollar,"
where it first occurs, and inserting "two dol-
lars;" and also by striking out "one dollar"
where it last occurs, and inserting " six dol-
lars that is, in each case doubling the amount
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I have very great reluctance to vote for any
bill decreasing the tax upon whisky. Nothing
bat being assured by the Committee of Ways
and Means that the present tax cannot be col-
lected induced me to remain quiet while me
tax of two dollars per gallon was reduced to
fifty cents per gallon. And nothing bnt the
promise of the Committee of Ways and Means
that at least a considerable portion ot that
