3444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jui>e
decrease should be made up by special taxes
rendered the action of the Committee of the
Whole at all palatable, at least to myself.
Now, when we come to these Special taxes
which are said to be intended to make up a
very considerable part of this loss, we find that
this five dollars per day, as proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, amounts to
but one cent and a quarter per gallon—a mere
paltry increase, almost nothing at all. Now,
the increase which I propose by my amend-
ment will make up but a very small portion of
the loss which we will sustain by the reduction
of the tax from two dollars to fifty cents per
gallon.
I am told that the present tax of two dollars
per gallon cannot be collected. Why, then,
should we not put a material part of the differ-
ence between two dollars per gallon and fifty
cents per gallon in a shape in which it is said
the tax can be collected ? I am very loth to
consent to the proposition that any tax which
the great body of the community believe to be
just and proper, as the great body of the com-
munity do believe with respect to the tax im-
posed by law as it now stands upon whisky; I
am very loth to believe that this Government
cannot collect all of that tax, every dollar of it.
I believe_ that by the proper selection of the
proper kind of officers the present tax upon
■whisky can be collected, and under an Execu-
tive who would look to the fitness of men,
rather than to the use that could be made of
them in politics, I believe the proper kind of
officers would be appointed. If we cannot col-
lect a tax justified by all the thinking men of
the community, all who are not interested in
producing whisky—if we cannot do that, then
I should be compelled to believe our Govern-
ment a failure.
Mr. BECK. X desire to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment, and tor this reason:
that it bears unequally upon the distillers of
the country. For instance, very.many of the
small distillers of the country would be very
injuriously affected by this amendment. There
have been comparatively no frauds in the col-
lection of the tax from the small distilleries;
the frauds have been in connection with export-
ation, redistillation, &c. The tax has been
collected from the makers of genuine whisky,
and especially the small distilleries everywhere.
One of these small distilleries will make per-
haps a barrel a day; that is a fair average of
the small distilleries throughout Kentucky,
Tennessee, &c. They do not make whisky to
be exported or rectified or redistilled, but for
home consumption. One barrel per day on
the average is as much as they can make.
Their product is altogether different from the
high wines or crude spirits made in large steam
distilleries, which never improve by time, and
which are only fit for use after rectification,
redistillation, or other process.
A man who mashes one hundred bushels a
day can make, say three hundred gallons, and
distilleries run on the average eight months in
the year. The man who makes a barrel a day
will make about two hundred barrels in eight
months. _ That will be eight thousand gal-
lons, while the man who makes eight barrels
a day from one hundred bushels of grain will
make sixteen hundred barrels in eight months,
or sixty-four thousand gallons. And under
this per diem tax which you propose the man
who runs one hundred bushels a day, making
eight barrels, pays about a cent and a half a
gallon in this way, while the man who makes
one barrel per_ day pays over twelve cents a
gallon. This is class legislation for the ben-
efit of the large distilleries in which most of the
frauds are committed. There is no justice in
such legislation. Let each man pay in pro-
portion to what he makes, and then they will
all be on an equality. But the section, as it
now stands, will ruin the only men who have
paid the tax honestly, as the returns show.
None of their whisky has gone into the market
without the tax being paid.
I hope the amendment of my colleague will
prevail, the object of which is to bring tho tax
down to that point where you will not crush
out the smaller distillers. When the distill-
ery mashes more than one hundred bushels
per day the disproportion becomes still greater.
But the truth is that while high wines are now
sold all over the West for less than the tax,
the distilleries, in my district at least, large
and small, who have always paid the tax hon-
estly, as the returns of the collector will show,
are selling their product at fair remunerative
prices. This.per diem tax is oppressive on
them all. The amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Kkott,] fixing the tax at one dollar per
hundred bushels, is ,as much as ought to be
imposed in this form.
[Here the hammer fell.]
enrolled bill pu1nkd.
At this point the committee rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly em-olled an act
(H. R. No. 1059) to relieve from disabilities
certain persons in States lately in rebellion;
when the Speaker signed the same.
The Committee of the Whole on the slate
of the Union then resumed tho consideration
of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. KQONTZ. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment.
If there is to be any change made in this tax-
ation of the capacity, the capacity to be de-
pendent on the quantity of grain mashed and
fermented in the distillery, 1 would rather see
it raised than lowered. It is a very small tax
that is proposed, five dollars upon a hundred
bushels of grain mashed and fermented, every
bushel of grain producing throughout the Uni-
ted States an average of twelve quarts or three
gallons, is but an addition of a cent and two
thirds to tho tax per gallon. 1 know that in
Kentucky, and where they make tho best
whisky, the distillers produce only from eight
to ten, perhaps about nine quarts to the bushel;
but then some of tho large distilleries of the
West run up to sixteen and sixteen and a half;
sometimes, it is said, they have gone even higher
than that. Throughout the United States twelve
quarts to the bushel is but a fair and rather a
small average.
Now, a cent and two thirds added to the
fifty cents by (his tax upon capacity will cer-
tainly pot burden the distiller very much, while
it furnishes to tho Government a tax easy of
collection, a sure tax, and so far a sure in-
crease of the revenue. So far as, in tho con-
fusion here, I was able to understand the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] who has just taken his seat, he com-
plains that this tax operates as a discrimination
in favor of the large establishments. Perhaps,
to some small extent, it does. His remedy,
if I understood him, would be to put the tax
upon each bushel; but it must be readily seen
that it would be a very unfortunate mode of
taxation to impose the tax, bushel by bushel,
and collect it without a general classification
of the capacity of distilleries with reference to
the quantity of bushels they use per day.
We have thought that five dollars a day upon
every distillery mashing daily one hundred
bushels of grain or less is by no means an
onerous tax in any case ; that even the smallest
distiller, for the sake of running his establish-
ment under the protection of law, honestly
accounting for the tax on whatever he pro-
duces, might well afford to pay, in addition to
other taxes now made so much lighter than
they have been, five dollars a day. Where more
than one hundred bushels of grain is mashed
daily we propose to increase the per diem tax—
not exactly in the same ratio, though, perhaps, !
the same ratio would bo better—at the rate of |
five dollars per day for each additional one j
hundred bushels of grain; which, I think, j
ought to be amended so as to say " each addi- I
tional one hundred bushels or fractional part
of one hundred bushels." This would obviate
all dispute on that point.
I will not insist on,the adoption of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Broomall] proposing to increase this
tax to ten dollars,'because this is a part of the
system presented by the committee; but I
repeal, that if there is to be any change, I hope
this capacity tax will be increase^ rather than
reduced.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment, and I desire to call
the attention of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to the operation of this
proposition. In the district of country which
1 have the honor to represent the capacity of
three fourths of the distilleries will not average,
1 think, over twenty gallons per day. Accord-
ing to the system of taxation proposed in this
hill no distillery is to be permitted to run
without paying five dollars per day direct tax
to the Government. Now, on the small dis-
tilleries, whose production averages about
twenty gallons per day this per diem tax would
amount to about twenty-five cents per gallon ;
while as to establishments distilling daily one
hundred bushels or three- hundred gallons,
this per-diem tax will be but a trifle on each
gallon. I trust that some arrangement will be
devised to relieve these small distilleries; for
they, in my section of the country, are the
distilleries to which the Government must look
for its revenue. In the district which I repre-
sent there is more distillation of spirits than in
perhaps any other portion of the-State of Ten-
nessee. In my district is manufactured the
liquor known as the "Lincoln liquor." It is
from Lincoln county. They have small and
rather indifferent means of transportation for
their grain to market. Therefore they are
compelled to redistill their corn into spirits for
transportation. If this tax of five dollars a
day can be done away with on these small dis-
tilleries, then it will be a great convenience
for them, and it will induce these small distill-
eries to keep up the manufacture and thus add
revenue to the Government; otherwise it will
drive them to tho wall. The grain, too, will
be lost to a great extent, and the Government
will be deprived of the amount of revenue
which otherwise it would receive. If these
small distilleries can be relieved I shall be glad
of it. I have stated what I have to bring the
mind of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to bear on this subject. I
look to him as the leader on this bill, and I am
bound to stand by him as far as consistency
will allow me.
The question was taken on Mr. Bkoomali/s
amendment to the amendment; and it was
rejected.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move to strike out the
words " or less."
The CHAIRMAN. That it is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to move an amend-
ment, and ask the chairman to observe the
terms of the amendment pending. As the bill
now reads it provides :
That there shall bo assessed and collected monthly,
111 the same manner as other taxes are assessed and
collected, on every registered distillery having an
aggregate capacity for mashing and fermenting one
hundred busbelsotgrainor less in twenty-fourhuuis,
five dollars per day.
The gentleman from Kentucky moves to
strike out five dollars a day and to insert one
dollar a day. I propose to amend his amend-
ment by striking out ''one hundred" and in-
serting "twenty," so the effect will be to keep
the tax as it now is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would hardly
rule that to be in order to the pending amend-
ment. The gentleman can indicate his amend-
men and move it hereafter.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this amendment is
voted on, and the bill stands as it is, then we
have one result. If it fails, then my amend-
ment would have a different result. Both must
stand together.
The CHAIRMAN. That would be a good
argument for the committee. The Chair rules
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. O'NEILL. For the purpose of saying
a few words T move to strike out " five," and
