3420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Louisiana—Votes for constitution, 66,152; against
constitution, 48,739.
Alabama—Votes for constitution, 69,807: against
Constitution, 1,005.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
_t ^ u. s. grant, General.
Hon. schuyler colfax,
Sneaker qf the 'house of Representatives.
On motion- of Mr. PAINE, the letter was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
leave 01<' absence.
, leave of absence was granted to Mr. Cary
for ten days after to-day.
sew york l'ost office.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of New York, on the sub-
ject of the New York post office, and moved
its reference to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that that is not
the proper reference.
The SPEAKER. It is presented by a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and he moves to refer it to that
committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I have pi-esented a memo-
rial of the same kind exactly. As it is only
for an appropriation I think it had better go
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads are considering the subject of the appro-
priation also.
Mr. FERRY. That subject is before the
committee, and it is proper that the memorial
should go to the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Whichever committee has
custody of the appropriation ought to have the
memorial referred to it.
Mr. FERRY. It is true the Committee on
Appropriations has the custody of the appro-
priation of money, but the question of the con-
struction of the building and its location is for
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BROOKS. Is this a memorial in rela-
tion to construction ? Mine was for an appro-
priation only.
Mr. FERRY. I do not know what the gen-
tleman's memorial is about. The one 1 pre-
sented, I suppose, has reference to the question
of the propriety and necessity of construction
and appropriation, and properly comes within
the province of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and I therefore asked
that it be referred to that committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose we withdraw both
memorials for a moment and confer together.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that
while the Committee on Appropriations have
charge of general appropriations the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads could
undoubtedly, when regularly called, report a
specific appropriation for some specific object
if they thought fit to do so.
Mr. BROOKS. The point of importance
in this case is this : that the Committee on
Appropriations has oftener an opportunity to
report than the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and in annexing an appro-
priation like this to a general bill they are far
more likely to secure its passage.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Allow me to sug-
gest that the Committee on Appropriations
only report bills appropriating money in pur-
suance of law. They cannot report an appro-
priation to build a post office in New York
until Congress has passed a law authorizing
tlie construction of the building.
Mr. BROOKS. Congress has passed a law
to that effect.
Mr. FARNSWOBTH. No; there is no
such law now.
Mr. BROOKS. They passed a law provid-
ing for the selection of a site.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Yes, for a site; but
that has bgen paid for.
The SPEAREli, Does the gentleman from
New York object to the reference 1
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir; let both memorials
go to the Committee on the Post Office and
JPost l^OdtCls
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from New York that the
memorial had better go to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY. I still insist upon the refer-
ence I asked, and when the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads consider and report
upon the whole subject, then, if the gentleman
sees fit, he can move to refer their report to the
Committee on Appropriations, and take the
sense of the House on that motion ; but let the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
first examine the matter and report upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well; let the memorial
go to that committee.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
interna!, taxation.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (II. R. No.
1000) to reduce into one act and to amend the
laws relating to internal taxes; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the bill be
recommitted and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that having,
under the rules, the right to report the bill back
at any time from the committee, I will bring
it back into the House within, perhaps, a week
from this time, if there should be no recess.
If the House and the Senate determine upon
a recess of a few days I shall ask the House
to take this bill up, to be considered and acted
upon, and shall report it back for that purpose
immediately after the recess expires; it may
be perhaps eight or ten days hence.
As the bill is one much sought for, it is per-
haps appropriate that extra copies'should be
furnished for the use of members. I will move,
therefore, that five thousand extra copies of
the bill be printed, and I will ask in doing so,
as the application is principally to the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that one hundred of the copies be for the use
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion to print extra copies of the bill
was referred, under the law, to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask my colleague
if he will not indicate at this time to the House
what his purpose is in regard to the discussion
on the bill when it comes up; what time he
proposes to allow for general discussion, so that
members may make some calculation in regard
to any general speeches on the bill they may
wish to make.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
saying to the gentleman that it is not the pur-
pose or desire of the committee to cut off un-
necessarily discussion upon this bill. It is
probable that some two, three, or more days
may be allowed for general discussion ; but
after that we shall certainly ask that all debate
be reduced to a mere business discussion, in-
tending to atford the amplest opportunity for
amendments and for debate upon the merits of
the bill and all parts of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is entirely satisfac-
tory.
Mr. SCHENCK. If we find, after some time
has been occupied in debate, that it islikelv to
become almost interminable, to interfere with
the transaction of other public business, to
prolong the session, and to prevent the possi-
bility of the bill getting through in reasonable
time, it may become needful to put a stop to
the debate. But we shall set out upon the dis-
cussion with the confident expectation that
gentlemen upon either side will not abuse the
opportunity offered them, but we shall have a
j fair, free, and liberal discussion of the bill.
Mr. KELLBY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a suggestion ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear it.
Mr. KELLEY. I will suggest to the gentle-
man to ask for an increased number of copies
of the tax bill for distribution. Judging by
the number of applications in advance for this
bill, I think there will be a demand, and a
legitimate demand, very largely beyond five
thousand copies.
Mr. SCHENCK. Having offered my resolu-
tion, as instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means, for five thousand copies, I suppose
it has gone, under the law, to the Committee
on Printing. The Committee on Printing will
have the power to report back a larger or a
smaller number, as they may think best. I
suggest to the gentleman to wait until the Com-
mittee on Printing shall make their report,
and in the meantime he can try to influence
the committee, if he thinks it necessary and
can do it.
whisky for army hospitals.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means, for con-
sideration at this time, a joint resolution upon
the subject of disposing of some whisky on
hand belonging to the Government.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to report at any time for recommitment. But
it will require unanimous consent to report any
subject for action at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will ask that the resolu-
tion be read, and then I think there will be no
objection to it.
The title of the joint resolution was as
follows:
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 2G2) author-
izing certain distilled spirits to be turned over
to the Surgeon General for the use of Army
hospitals.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
deliver to the Surgeon General of the Army all
the distilled spirits produced during the ex-
periments made by the late commission for
testing meters for the internal revenue service,
to be used for the Army hospitals, and to be
paid for, at a reasonable cost, out of any money
appropriated for the purchase of Army and
hospital stores, the amount received to be
applied toward the expenses of said commis-
sion.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was received and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to bo engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. If any gentleman desires
me to explain I will do so ; if not, I will ask
that the joint resolution be now put upon its
passage.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHEN CK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sale of unserviceable ordnance, etc.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask permission to report
a joint resolution which has the concurrence
of all the members of the Committee on Ord-
nance.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read.
The title of the joint resolution was as
follows:
A joint resolution directing the Secretary of
W ar to sell damaged or unserviceable arms,
ordnance, and ordnance stores.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of War to cause to be
sold, m such manner and at such times and
places, at public or private sale, as he mnv
cleem most advantageous to the public hut-r-
est, the old cannon, arms, and other orJeauee
stores m possession of the War Department
vmcli are uamaged or otherwise unsuitable for
the united States military service, and to cause
