1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
242£
the- ne.t proceeds of such sales, after paying
the proper expenses of sale and of transport-
ation to the place of sale, to be deposited in
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire if there
is any objection to having this property sold at
public auction ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Secretary of War
has now the right to sell at. public auction,
and has attempted to do so, but has received
no bid.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
considering this joint resolution at this time?
Mr. ELIOT. Has the morning hour com-
menced?
The SPEAKER. It has not. This must
first be disposed of, either by action upon it or
by objecting to its reception.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to it, and call for the
regular order of business.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
IRON FOR THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported back, with a substi-
tute, House joint resolution No. 180, declaring
the meaning of the act relating to the Pacific
railroad.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that all acts and parts of acts authorizing the
construction of a railroad or railroads to the
Pacific ocean directing the use of American
iron in the construction and equipment of such
roads shall be so construed as to make it neces-
sary to use only American iron for all rails,
chairs, fishbars, bolts, and spikes in the relaying
and repairing of such roads as well as in the
construction thereof.
Mr. PRICE. The only object of this bill is
to remove a doubt in the minds of a great many
whether the original act intended that in the re-
laying and repairing of the Pacific road Ameri-
can iron only should be used. This resolution
simply declares that fact. That is all there is
in it.
The substitute was adopted ; and the resolu-
tion, as amended by the adoption of the sub-
stitute, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARGES ON PACIFIC RAILROAD, ETC.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on tlie^
Pacific Railroad, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 168) to regulate the tariff for
freight and passengers on the Union and Cen-
tral Pacific railroads and their branches.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of War, the Secretary
of the. Interior, and the Attorney General of
the United States he constituted a board of
commissioners, whose duty it shall be, on the
1st day of July in each year, to establish a
tariff for freight and passengers over the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific railroads and their
branches, which tariff shall be equitable and
just and not exceeding double the average
rates charged on the different lines of railroad
between the Mississippi river and the Atlantic
ocean, in latitudes north of St. Louis, Missouri;
and it is declared unlawful for said railroad
companies to charge any sum in excess of the
rates so fixed and established.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that for the purpose of carrying into effect the
intent and meaning of section eighteen of the
act of July, 1802, the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney
General of the United States be constituted
and appointed a board of commissioners, whose
duty it shall be, on the 1st of July in each year,
to establish a tariff of prices for the transport-
ation of freight and passengers on said Pacific
railroads and branches, at which prices so es-
tablished the said railroad company shall be
compelled to transport the same; and the com-
pany is required to keep posted up in all their
stations along the line of the road the bill of
prices so established. It is provided, however,
that this act shall not take effect until there
shall be a continuous line of railroad completed
and in running order from Omaha to Sacra-
mento.
Mr. PRICE. This substitute is substantially
the same as the joint resolution referred to the
committee. It provides for a commission, con-
sisting of the Secretary of War, the Secretary
of the Interior, and the Attorney General, to
fix the tariff of prices, and a limitation is pro-
vided as to the rates which may be fixed. I
have no disposition to make a speech.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the proviso of the substitute is one calcu-
lated to retard rather than accelerate the com-
pletion of the road; for until the road is com-
pleted no regulation fixing the tariff for freight
and passengers can take effect. I suggest to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] the pro-
priety of allowing the proviso to be stricken
out, for it will postpone indefinitely the time
when the resolution shall take effect. It will
tend to discourage the prosecution, or at least
the actual completion of the work, for by de-
laying that the time for regulating the tariff of
charges may be indefinitely postponed. Will
the gentleman yield for a motion to strike out
the proviso?
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman isnot probably
aware that the eighteenth section of the original
act under which this road has been constructed
provides expressly that when the road shall be
finished certain supervisory powers may be ex-
ercised by Congress with reference thereto. It
was in consequence of that eighteenth section
that the committee felt bound to insert this
proviso, which we deemed necessary in view of
that provision of the original act.
Mr. UPSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man that there is a provision in the act
authorizing Congress to amend, alter, or add to
the act at its pleasure; therefore we are not
bound by that provision unless we consider it
good policy.
Mr. PRICE. It will be remembered that
when this question was before the House here-
tofore, ancLaVas discussed at some considerable
length, I^jiroposed that this joint resolution
should/go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I m<rae that proposition because I thought
ii, as I think now, that a legal question of
very great importance was involved in this
very provision. After consulting the best
lawyers they have been able to fiud the com-
mittee have been governed by their advice;
and they have held, lawyers in the committee
and lawyers out of the committee, that a
resolution of this kind should embody a pro-
vision like this, so as to conform to and not be
in conflict with the original act. These are
the reasons which governed the committee iu
reporting the resolution as they have.
If there be no other questions to be asked,
I shall demand the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask tiie gentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. PRICE. I will hear the amendment
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask leave to offer the
following amendment:
And provided further. That the tariff of prices so
fixed shall not exceed eight.cents permile per ton for
freight and six eentsper mile for passengers.
Mr. PRICE. I have no authority to admit
of any such thing as that. I have reported the
matter as I was instructed to do by the com-
mittee, appointing a commission to fix the
prices. j
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman will j
allow me, I will move the amendment and let i
the House decide on it. I think there should
be a restriction upon this commission.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Whenwill
this resolution take effect?
Mr. PRICE. Judging the future by the
past, in about two years.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. And not
until then ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield to the gentleman
for ten minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I trust that this debate
will not be limited. I trust that we will have
time enough to discuss this matter. There ia
no such haste that this should be disposed of in
an hour.
Mr. PRICE. I would yield longer to the
gentleman, but there are several oiher gentle-
men who wish to say something on this resolu-
tion. I will yield to the gentleman for ten
minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Is it necessary only to
give an hour to the discussion of this subject?
_ Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for five or six minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I trust this House will
insist that we shall have more than an hour to
discuss this question. I protest against this
attempted mode of legislation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I should prefer to get along
with this matter quietly. I hope to get through
with this iu one hour ; and I will yield to the
gentleman from New York for ten minutes, if
he wants them.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will take what I can
get, but I want more.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let him
have fifteen minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield for more than
ten minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I must take ten
minutes.
Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Upson] has stated, Congress has reserved
the right to change, alter, amend, or regulate.
The chairman, of the committee says that Con-
gress has no power to interfere with this mat-
ter of the regulation of the tariff of prices for
freight and passengers. This House will re-
member that after the law of 1862 this corpo-
ration came here and said that under the terms
of that law they could not build the road; in
other words, that Congress had not voted
money enough. They asked Congress to re-
cede, and it did. They gave them ten miles
of land instead of five; and the loan from Gov-
ernment was made a second mortgage instead
of the first. After all this it was then provided
that Congress could alter, amend, or repeal
without any limitation.
Let me say in the outset that it is sometimes
claimed to be a hardship that these men have
been compelled to put their hands into their
pockets and take out their money to build this
road.- That is not so, and J will show it from
the report of the company itself. The great
benefits bestowed by the Government upon this
company was upon the ground that the road
was an expensive one and. its building was op-
posed by great obstacles. If we consult the
report of the company itself we will find that
its construction has not. been unreasonably ex-
pensive, and that the expense has mainly been
met by the appropriations and subsidies from
Congress.
The Government gave a subsidy of $16,000
per mile and nineteen or twenty million acres
of land. Now, what do we see from the com-
pany's report? That a road eleven hundred
miles in length, by their own report, is to be built,
which will cost, with all their fabulous prices
for construction, $82,000,000. That is the cost
according to their report. And then they show
what they have to build this road with. Ther
have of United States bonds $29,000,000; _ of
first mortgage bonds, $20,000,000; of capital
stock paid in, $8,000 000? of land grants,
fourteen million eight hundred thousand acres,
