1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3445
insert " two so it will read " two dollars a
day."
Mr. Chairman, T conceive the section as
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
will meet this case very well ; and I think,
having reduced the tax to fifty cents, which I
favored, and with this section proposing to levy
it to some extent by capacity, we will at last
get to the right principle of collecting it, and
thereby secure such a revenue from whisky as
we have never had under the operations of the
present law.
I believe I understand the reasons which
have operated with the committee in favoring
this section. We have the statistics of the col-
lection of the tax on whisky while it was at
sixty cents per gallon. With the tax at fifty
cents, and with its collection by capacity, I think
we will receive about the same amount of
money as we did two or three years ago when
the tax was at sixty cents. I hope the amount
may be greater in the aggregate than it has
been in former years, and although favoring
the low tax, yet I am not entirely persuaded
of the results to be accomplished. We are
making an experiment based upon the sugges-
tions of officials and individuals all over the
country, but at last its success depends upon the
fidelity of the officer and the determination of
the citizen engaged in making whisky to con-
tribute his share of the taxation imposed only
that the Government may be able to meet
punctually all obligations to creditors.
I am of opinion that we could do away with
much of the machinery even of this bill, and
of much expense, by enlarging the principle of
capacity, as suggested so often by my colleague
from the third district, [Mr. Myers,] and as
now for the first time incorporated in a tax bill
by a Committee of Ways and Means. My idea
of levying a tax upon capacity differs in this
respect from my colleague and the committee.
1 would, by a fair and just calculation of the
number of gallons that could be made during
a year, assess the full amount of the tax that
should be paid, to be collected at convenient
periods, so that the distiller should not be
unnecessarily distressed in the payment of the
tax, and then let him make or not make the
number of gallons which, according to the
capacity, his establishment could produce.
Thus the Government would have a certain tax,
and the distiller, in effect, would have what
might be considered a license, the manufac-
turer of a large number of gallons having no
advantage over his neighbor of more limited
means. I hope the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky will not prevail, and_ the
section will pass as reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means. I now withdraw my
amendments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and for the purpose of saying
that if it shall not prevail I propose to offer
an amendment making the minimum twenty
bushels instead of one hundred, and charging
two dollars a day for a distillery of the capa-
city of twenty bushels or less, and adding two
dollars per day for every twenty. bushels in-
crease of capacity. That would enable the
small distilleries to work on the same footing
as the large ones, and would increase the rev-
enue very materially over what it would be
under the proposition submitted by the com-
mittee.
Mr. GARFIELD. I had written an amend-
ment proposing three cents per bushel per day
for every additional bushel.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That would make it too
difficult to ascertain the exact number of
bushels. You can reckon by twenty bushels
easily enough. This tax is to be levied before-
hand.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think a proposition like
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
mio-ht very properly be accepted.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment,
and move as a substitute to strike out of the
pending section the following:
Having an a^greiiato capacity for mashins; and
fermenting one hundred bu-'hels of grain or lc,-s m
twenty-four hours, five dollars per day; and three
dollars per day for every hundred bushels of such
capacity in excess of one hundred bushels in twenty-
lour hours.
And to insert instead the following:
One cent on the registered number of bushels which
can be mashed and tormented therein in twenty-four
hours, as shown by the registration required to be
made by this act.
This will equalize it, because each man Ifas
to register the number of bushels.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and ask for a vote.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 31,
noes 67.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now move to amend
the section by striking out "one hundred"
wherever it occurs and inserting "twenty;"
and by striking out ''five'' and "three" in
line six, and inserting " two" in each instance;
so that the section, as amended, will read as
follows:
That there shallbe assessed and collected monthly,
in the same manner as other taxes are assessed and
collected, on every registered distillery having an
aggregate capacity for mabhing and fermenting
twenty bushels of grain or less in twenty-four hours,
two dollars per day; and two dollars per day for
every twenty bushels of such capacity in excess of
twenty bushels in twenty-four hours.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest to the gentleman
an amendment to the amendment; so that it
will read : " one hundred bushels of grain or
less, or sixty gallons of molasses or less."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I declinc to accept the
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Boutwell was
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out in
line ten the words " more than two dollars,"
and insert the words " any sum," sothatit will
read :
Hut any distiller who shall stop work, as provided
by this act, shall not bo compelled to payon nnydis-
tillcryany sum per day during the time thewoik
shall be so suspended in hisdistillery.
Under the provision of this bill a distiller is
required to pay a special tax for one year.
Now, suppose on thelstof January thedistiller
makes his application for what we call a license,
although gentlemen may take exception to
the word and call it a special tax. Ho pays a
license or special tax of say $1,000 for the
privilege of running his distillery one year. He
runs the distillery for three months, and finds
that every gallon he has produced he has been
compelled to sell at a loss of five or ten cents,
and that he is losing from one to two hundred
dollars a day. He wants to stop running his
distillery, but you propose to collect from him
for the remaining nine months two dollars a
day. Now, is there any equity, is there any
justice in this proposition? Is there any pro-
priety in it? Do you not know that everyday
a large distillery stands idle it wastes rapidly,
that it deteriorates in value at the rate of twenty,
thirty, or fifty dollars a day, and that it is a
dead expense on the owner's hands to keep if
in reasonable repair when it is idle? Now, you
propose that he shall pay a tax to the Govern-
ment of two dollars a day for the privilege of
allowing the distillery to remain idle. 1 say it
is not fair, and that my amendment ought to
be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will be voted
down.
The question was taken on Mr. IxGERSOLL s
amendment; and there were—ayes 30, noes
52; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Does tlie gentleman
insist on a further count ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not if the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means will let us
have a vote in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I cannot see the
propriety of this tax.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on a further count
unless gentlemen will let us have a vote in the
House.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. IIolmax and Mr. Broomall.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would advise
the committee that by the admission of the
Arkansas menibers, a quorum has been raised
to ninety-eight members.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 60.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MUNGEN. For the purpose of per-
fecting the bill, I move to strike out section
twelve, if it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order
until all amendments looking to the perfection
of the section shall have been disposed of.
Mr. MUNGEN. Then I move to strike out
the last line. I am opposed to the capacity
measurement. In order to ascertain the capa-
city for production of a distillery the following
are some of the points to be examined:
1. The size of the fermenting cisterns. It
is well known in practical and scientific distil-
lation that fermentation is more rapid in large
cisterns than in small ones. Professor Ure,
in his work on chemistry, page 588, says:
"Fermentation proceeds with more uniformity and
success in the large tuns of the distiller than in the
experimental apparatus of the chemist, because the
heat generated in the former case maintains the
action,"
Therefore, in estimating the capacities of
small and large distilleries this fact must be
taken into consideration.
2. The situation of the fermenting tuns must
also enter into the calculation. Fermenting
cisterns situated in a room so constructed that
the distiller can keep it at an even tempera-
ture the whole year, or nearly so, the ferment-
ation will be uniform, and the product will
not vary to any considerable extent. This is
a very important feature in the construction
of a distillery, and in a properly constructed
distillery is looked after with great care.
3. The quantity of steam necessary to run
the distillery, and whether or not the boilers
are capable of supplying the required amount.
This is a most difficult matter, as any me-
chanic will testify, and in fact can only be
truthfully ascertained by actual experiment.
If the distiller is to divide his time between
mashing and distilling he loses halfof his time ;
and any law making provision for this will
leave a wide margin for fraud, as it must leave
it to human agency to decide_ the fact, which
means favoritism and corruption.
4. The sti'li, its capacity, construction,
proportions, and form, must be carefully con-
sidered, and the effect of any variation ^pro-
portions, construction, capacity, and form,
be thorougly understood, in order to arrive at
a just estimate of the amount of the spirits it
is capable of producing. The large number
of different kinds of stills, and of the same
kind of stills, with different attachments which
tend to hasten or retard the process, must all
be noted. Take, for instance, our form of
still, the "American still," with three cham-
bers, and we have for instance, one doubler,
or two doublers, or one doubler and copper
pans, (called the German attachment,,) or two
doublers and copper pans, or a doubler with a
half worm in it, each variation changing, to a
greater or less extent, the quantity capable of
being prpduced.
5. The proportions of the still must also be
carefully considered; and the following ques-
tion asked of the estimater of capacities would
probably give him a deal of trouble to answer,
while it would be of the greatest importance
to the distiller : What is the best proportions
to be observed in the construction of a still,
height of staves, diameter, and relative propor-
tions of each chamber ? This is a question
every still-maker in the country would like to
have answered, as no two agree. There are
many stills of fifteen hundred cubic feet con-
tents that will not produce more than half as
much as one of only one thousand cubic feet.
If the steam is the same in both, the difference
must arise in the construction ; and while the
difference exists, still manufacturers are fre-
quently unable to account for it.
6. Another objection and a very serious one
is the lerigth of time the distiller claims tor
fermentation. Before tie tax it averaged four
