864
SUPPLEMENT TO
cause it would not be convenient for 'him to
make any other arrangements for a living until
the end of his term; and the President, without
that consideration of domestic reasons which
perhaps Mr. Pickering hoped would obtain with
him, told him that he removed him, and he did ;
and he went, I believe, to his wild land and was
imprisoned there by the squatters, and pame
into very great disaster from this removal. Mr.
Mr. Stanton, underthe motives of public duty,
it is said, takes the position that for public rea-
sons he will not resign. These are the only
two cases in our Government in which the ques-
tion has arisen, and in one of them, before the
passage of the civil-tenure act, the Secretary
was instantly removed by the power of the Pres-
ident, and in the other it was attempted after
long sufferance.
We can find in the history of the Govern-
ment—for we should hardly expect to escape
the occurrence when we have so many officers—
instances enough of removal by executive
authority during the session of the Senate of
subordinate oflicers of the Government who
derived their appointment from the President,
by the advice and consent of the Senate, and
every one of those cases is pertinent and an
instance. You will observe in regard to them,
as 1 said before, how peculiar must be the sit-
uation of the oflicer and olfice and of the Pres-
ident toward them when this separate, inde-
pendent, and condemnatory removal needs to
take place. In the first place, there must be
some fault iu the conduct of the oflicer, not
necessarily crime, and not necessarily neglect
of office, but some fault iu manner at least, as
of that collector down in Alabama, who, when
he was asked by the Secretary of the Depart-
ment how far the Toinbigbee ran up, answered
that it did not run up at all, [laughter ;] and
he was removed from olliee for his joke on the
subject of the Toinbigbee river not running up,
but, as other rivers do, running down. It does
not do to have these asperities on the part of
inferior officers. So, too, when the fault arises
of peculation, of deficiency of funds, or what
not, the sureties know of it, come forward and
say to the ollicer," You must resign ; we cannot,
be sureties any longer here;" and iu nine cases
out often, where an occurrence would lead to
removal, it is met by the resignation of the
inferior oflicer. Therefore the practice of the
Government can expect to suggest only the
peculiar cases where promptitude and neces-
sity of the rough method ot removal are alike
demanded from the Executive. 1 will ask the
attention of this honorable court to the cases
we have presented in our proofs, with the page
and instance of each removal during the .ses-
sion of the Senate. That is the condition of
this list—the whole of it:
IV'tr. Page.
Timothy Pickering 1800 o.~>7
'Ihomas Kastm, navy agent at Pensa-
cola 3S10 569
Isaac Henderson, a:a'nI  US(Vl 571
James S. Chambers, navy aKont 1«H 572
Ami* Hnmey lS.il> 5e!
John Thomas      1811 5715
Sumue! l'\ M:u ks ]HL)0 5H!
Isaac V. iAiwler lSljO 5S1
Mitchell Steever l.iiil 5S1
I think the honorable Senators must give
their assent to the propositions i have made
that in regard to Cabinet olliecrs it is almost im-
possible t,o expect removal as a separate act;
that political removals necessarily have for
their first step the selection and presentation
ot the new man for whose enjoyment of olfice
the removal is to take place; that in regard to
criminality and necessity requiring instant re-
moval of subordinate oflicers, resignation will
then be requiied by their sureties or by their
sense of shame or their disposition to give the
easiest issue to the difficulty in which they are
placed; and when with the circumstances of
the matter reducing the dimensions of the pos-
sibility and of the frequency within these nar-
row limits X present to you in behalf of the
respondent these evidences of the action of
this Government during the session of the
Senate, 1 think you must be satisfied with the
proposition assented to by every statesman—I
think assented to by every debater on the pas-
sage of this civil-tenure act: that the doctrine
and the action and the practice of the Govern-
ment had been that the President removed in
session or in recess, though some discrimin-
ation of that kind was attempted; but the
facts, the arguments, the reasons all show that
removal, if a right and if a power, is not dis-
criminated between session and recess.
Look at it in regard to this point: the Sen-
ate is in session, arid a public officer is carrying
on his frauds at San Francisco or at New York
or wheresoever else, perhaps in Hong Iiong
or Liverpool, and it comes to the knowledge of
the Executive ; the session of the Senate goes
on ; the fact of his knowledge does not put him
in possession of a good man to succeed him
cither in his own approval or in the assent of
the new nominee; and if it is necessary under
our Constitution that the consul at Hong Kong
or at Liverpool, or the sub-Treasurer at New
York or the master of the mint at San Fran-
cisco, should go on with his frauds until you
and the President can find a man and send him
there and get his assent and his qualifications,
very well. It is not a kind of legislation that
is adapted to the circumstances of the case is
all that 1 shall venture to suggest. Whatever
your positive legislation has done or attempted
to do, no construction and no practice of the
Government while the executive department
was untrammeled by this positive restriction
has ever shown a discrimination between ses-
sion and recess. Of course, the difference
between session and recess is shown in the
political appointments where, the object being
the new appointment, the commission goes out
in the recess; where, during the session, the
object being the new appointment, it must pro-
ceed through the concurrence of the Seriate.
And now that I come to consider the actual
merits of the proceeding of the President and
give a precise construction to the first section
of the bill, 1 need to ask your attention to a
remarkable concession made by Mr. Manager
Butler in his opening, as we regarded it, ttiat
if the President, having this wish of removal,
had accomplished it in a method the precise
terms of which the honorable Manager was so
good as to furnish, then there would have been
no occasion to have impeached him. It is not
then, after all, the fortiler in re on the part of
the President that is complained of, but the
absence of the suaciter in i/wdo ; and you, as
a court, upon the honorable Manager's own
argument, are reduced to the necessity of re-
moving the President of the United States not
for the act, but for the form and style in which
it was done, just as the collector at Mobile
was removed forsajing that the river Toinbig-
bee did not run up at all.
Hut moie definitely the honorable Manager
[Mr. Boctweix] has laid down two linn and
strong propositions—I will ask your attention
to them—bearing on the very merits of this
ease. We argue, thai if this act be unconstitu-
tional we had a right to obey the Constitution,
at least in the intent and purpose of a peace-
ful submission of the matter to a court, and
that our judgment on the mutter, if deliberate,
honest, and supported by dili«ent application
to the proper sources of guidance, is entitled
! to support us against an incrimination. To
meet that, and to protect the case against the
injury fiom the exclusion of evidence that
tends to that effect, the honorable Manager
| [ill-. BotrnvEi,],] does not hesitate to say that
] the question of the constitutionality or uneon-
| stitutiouality of the law does not make the
i least difference in the world where the point is
! that an unconstitutional law has been violated,
I and for a President to violate an unconstitu-,
! tional law is woithy of removal from office.
Now, mark the desperate result to which the
leasoningof the honorable Managers, under the
pressure of our argument, has reduced them.
That is their proposition, and the reason for
that proposition is given in terms. If that is
not so; if the question of constitutionality or
unconstitutionality in fact is permitted to come
into your considerations of crime, then you
would be punishing the President for an error
of judgment, releasing him or condemning him
according as he happened to have decided
right or wrong, and that the honorable Man-
ager tells us is contrary to the first principles
of justice. Let us, before we get through with
this matter, have some definite meeting of
minds on this subject between these honor-
able Managers and ourselves.
At page 814, in the argument of the honor-
able Manager, [Mr. Boutwell,] we are told
that "the crime of the President is not, either
in fact or as set forth in the articles of impeach-
ment, that he has violated a constitutional law;
but his crime is that he has violated a law,
and in his defense no inquiry can be made
whether the law is constitutional,1' and that
the Senate in determining innocence or guilt
is to render no judgment as to the constitu-
tionality of the act. I quote the results of his
propositions, not the full language. At page
815 this is the idea :
"If the President may inquire whether the laws are
constitutional, and execute those only which he be-
lieves to be so, then the Government is the Govern-
ment of one inan. If the Senate may inquire and
decide whether the law is in fact constitutional, and
convict the President if lie has violated an act be-
lieved to be constitutional, and acquit him if tho
Senate think the law unconstitutional, then the
President is, in fact, tried for his judgment, to be
acquitted if, in the opinion of the Senate, it was a
correct judgment, and convicted if, in the opinion
of the Senate, his judgment was erroneous. This
doctrino offends every principle of justice."
That doctrine does with us offend every
principle of justice that a President of the
United States should be convicted when hon-
estly, with proper advice, peacefully and de-
liberately, he has sought to raise a question
between the Constitution and the law ; and the
honorable Manager can escape from our argu-
ment on that point in no other mode than by
the desperate recourse of saying that constitu-
tional laws and unconstitutional laws are all
alike in this country of a written Constitution,
and that anybody who violates an unconstitu-
tional law meets with some kind of punish-
ment or other. This confusion of ideas as to
a law being valid for any purpose that is un-
constitutional I have already sufficiently ex-
posed in a general argument. At page 81fj he
says:
11 It is not tho right of any Senator in this trial to
be governed by any opinion he may entertain of tho
constitutionality of tile law in question."
You may all of you think the law is un-
constitutional, and yet you have got to remove
the President! "It has not been annulled by
the Supreme Court." And you may simply
inquire whether he has violated the law.
That is pretty bard on us that we cannot
even go to the Supreme Court to find out
whether it is unconstitutional, and we cannot
regard it on our own oath of office as uncon-
stitutional and proceed to maintain the obliga-
tion to sustain the Constitution, and you
cannot look into the matter at all, but the
unconstitutional law nmst be upheld !
" Nor can the Pi evident prove or plead the motive
by which he protesies to have been governed in his
violation ot the laws of tho country."
What is the reason for that? He has taken
an oath to preserve the Constitution, and there-
fore he cannot say that he acted under the
Constitution and not under the law ! His oath
strikes him so that he cannot maintain the
Constitution, and the Constitution cannot pro-
tect him I
A man who breaks an unconstitutional law
on the ground that it is unconstitutional, and
that he has a right to break it, is "a defiant
usurper."
Those are the propositions, and I think the
honorable Manager is logical; but the diffi-
culty is that his logic diives him to an absurd-
ity which, instead of rejecting, he adopts—a
fault in reasoning which certainly we should
not expect.
On the question of construction of the law
what arc the views of the honorable Managers
as to the point of guilt or innocence? We
have claimed that if the President in good
faith construed this law as. not including Mr.
