2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
■which at $1 50 per acre amounts to $21,000,000
—making in all $88,000,000.
Now, mark ; they say the cost of eleven
hundred miles is $82,000,000, and yet they
have $88,000,000 to build it. So they will
have $6,000,000 move in their treasury when
the road is completed than they have resources
to build it. Of that $88,000,000, $8,000,000
is' money which they have put in their hands
for building the road ; so that when it is fin-
ished they will have paidout, according to their
own figures, oulv $2,000,000 to build it.
But this road does not cost $S'2,000,000.
These gentlemen have made contracts with
themselves, whereby they pay double the
amount to build the road than it ought to cost.
They have contracted to build it for the first
five hundred miles at $50,000 per mile; and
the Government commissioners, who certainly
are not unfriendly to these parties, in speaking
of this matter, dated July 8,18G5, say:
"In October, 1864, when wc assumed the duties of
our appointment, wo found that in the months of
August and September previous a contract had been
arranged and consummated by thocxcutivocommit-
tee, in which are vested thepoweis of the board when
not in session, for the construction and equipment of
the iirstone hundred miles of tho road west of the
Missouri river at the rate of £50,000 per mile payable
46,000 per mile in the stock of the company and tho
balance in the currency bonds of the Government
and the securities of tho company. From the first
the contract price appeared to us to be very high.
At present, with the probable decline in the co^t of
labor and materials and advanco in tho value of the
Government bonds it seems extravagant."
Another commissioner reports on the 26th
of August, 1865, that the balance of the five
hundred miles could be built at a small cost
compared with the rate at which the first one
hundred miles were contracted. And yet
$50,000 per mile has been paid for building
the road which could not have cost over
$25,000. The eastern division, a more expen-
sive road, cost less than $30,000 to build it.
The Atchison branch has ccst less than that.
These men, then, do not go outside of their
own corporation to make contracts. They
have created a credit mobilier. They have
created a ring inside of the corporation. Look.
In 1804 there were one hundred and twenty-
five stockholders in this Pacific railroad hold-
ing two thousand shares of stock. In January,
1866, there were one hundred and twenty-
three stockholders, holding twenty-eight thou-
sand shares of stock. In the report which these
gentlemen were required to make they named
the stockholders and the amount of stock held.
In the last report the number of stockholders
had dwindled down to fifty-three, and they do
not state the number of shares they own. Only
fifty-three stockholders, a year and a half ago,
owning a road representing $100,000,000 of
capital I It takes twenty of these stockholders
to make a direction, so that you have thirty
outside.
The company have made a report of their
operations. They say that in eight months, with
three hundred miles of road completed, after
paying interest on their mortgage and Govern-
ment bonds, they have left $500,000 to be put
in to their treasury. And now, when it is asked
that the exorbitant rate of ten cents per mile
for passengers and fifteen cents per ton per
mile for freight shall be taken off that the
people may have the benefit, they pitifully
allude to the money they have expended !
Why, sir, do you believe for a moment that
if a private company were building this road
to the Pacific and this Congress had any power
to interfere, even if the whole $50,000,000
had been expended by that private company
in the construction of the road, this Congress
would allow those men to charge ten cents
per mile for transportation and fifteen cents
per ton for freight? You talk about waiting
until the road is completed. Why, it will then
control this Congress, if it does not do it
to-day. The line between this city and New
York controls every State through which it
passes The Central railroad in New York
controls that State and buys up its Legislature
year after year, so as to increase its tariff on
passengers. You ask us to wait until we get
both our hands within the jaws of this lion,
when we shall be powerless to control it. Sir,
their report shows very conclusively that these
men are making enormous sums of money
out of their charge of ten_ cents per mile on
way travel. Men living within forty miles of
Omaha wagon their produce to market be-
cause they cannot afford to pay the charges
on this railroad. That is true, sir.
Now, sir, I have only time enough left to
protest against the previous question 'which
limits debate to a few minutes, and against
the wrong that is done the American people
by the extortion of this railway company. The
men who go in advance of civilization to make
our plains fruitful are the men who are sub-
jected to this extortion of ten cents a mile for
transportation and fifteen cents a ton for freight.
The men who go up into the mountains to dig
out the hidden riches are the men from whom
these extravagant charges are extorted.
Sir, they have demonstrated that the obstacles
in the way of the construction of this road have
passed away. The company is now drawing a
triple subsidy of $06,000 a mile for building
what was said to be the most " difficult and
mountainous" part of the road. Prom the foot
of the Black hills, which are claimed to be the
base of the Rocky mountains, they run about
forty-five miles and then strike the Laramie
plain and run one hundred miles almost on a
level, and on these one hundred and fifty miles
they are receiving the triple subsidy. Under
these circumstances we have a right to provide
that the people shall bebpnefited, and not fifty-
three stockholders, by a reduction of the rates
for passengers and freight on this route.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bailey.]
Mr. BAILEY. Mr. Speaker, lwas in hopes
that the committee would report some sub-
stantial plan for regulating tho tariff of charges
upon these roads. I have no feeling nor wish
in regard to the subject other than that Con-
gress should assume its legitimate control over
that question in regard to these roads. The
resolution as reported strikes me as evading
that duty. It is entirely unsubstantial. It
postpones the whole matter, and leaves to a
future contingency the matter of regulating
these roads.
Now, sir, in my judgment it is very important
that Congress should regulate the tariff of
charges upon these roads. These corporations
are now in their infancy. They will very soon
have developed into full strength and power,
and, although in their infancy, they already
exert a marked influence upon legislation.
They have already won the voices and votes
of many of our best and ablest men. These
roads will soon be finished. Some of them,, at
least, will be consolidated, and whether coh-„
solidated or not they will practically act to-
gether in all measures for extracting the last
possible dollar from the public.
A great deal has been said, upon other oc-
casions when this matter was up, in relation
to motives. I wish it distinctly understood
that in what I have said or may say I impugn
the motives of no man, in or out of this House.
I have nothing to do with motives; I speak of
acts patent to every man who will open his eyes.
1 speak of future developments, which I pre-
dict, but the truth or correctness of which time
only can determine. I feel a deep interest in
this question, to which alone I speak, because
I have seen in my own State such struggles as
I think this country is yet to have. I have
there seen a railroad influence practically con-
trolling for years the legislation of the State
upon all railroad interests. In vain the people
protested ; in vain they clected to the Legisla-
ture members pledged against these railroad
schemes. I believe their bills were always
passed ; nothing but the veto of the Governor
saved us; the people were practically power-
less. We have seen the same thing in the
State of New Jersey, as has been referred to
already by some gentlemen. We remember
that the people of that State some years ago
thoughtlessly and recklessly surrendered some
of their rights and privileges to a corporation ;
and from that time to this they have been
struggling in vain to free themselves from the
incumbrance.
Now, shall we take warning in regard to this
matter? The corporations we are now talking
about will soon be the greatest, the richest,
the most powerful corporations upon earth,
the British Ea*t India Company; probably,
only excepted. They will command a busi-
ness the extent of which the most vivid ima-
gination cannot now conceive. They will pos-
sess a property which will have cost them
literally nothing, a property more valuable
than any similar property in the world. They
will have an army of dependents everywhere
ready to do their bidding. They will have an
influence sufficient to subsidize all that is evil
in the land which they may deem worth sub-
sidizing.
Now, I may be asked if I am opposed to
these various Pacific railroads. No, sir; I am
as warm an advocate of the Pacific railroad as
any man upon this floor; I am in favor of
every one of them. And, what is more, had I
been a member of Congress when the original
acts under which they were chartered were
passed by Congress I should have voted for
them, with the modifications I am now advo-
cating. Nay, more; I am not among those
who deprecate the grant of lands or the sub-
sidies given. It was a great undertaking; and
those who undertook it should be richly re-
warded. I trust I am incapable of envying the
success that must crown the efforts of those
men. I am proud of them; they are examples
of the advanced American citizen. I glory in
their achievements.
But, notwithstanding all that, I am not will-
ing, in my admiration or gratitude, to commit
the rights and the privileges of this whole
country to the discretion and keeping of these
men. We cannot trust them or any other body
of men upon earth. There are no men upon
earth good enough, wise enough, unselfish
enough to possess such powers ; and I am un-
willing that they should be permitted to control
at their discretion the rate of charges upon the
travel and transportation between the Atlantic
and the Pacific.
We arc told that the original act authorized
the fixing by Congress of the rate of charges
when the rot.ds are finished. But will any
man tell me when those roads will be finished,
if that is the sole regulation in regard to it?
I say that the child is not yet born who will
see those roads completed, i; within the mean-
ing of that act," as they will call it. Indeed,
such a law as that will be no restraint what-
ever upon them. They will go around the
law, and if necessary they will go right through
/the law. Railroad men understand this thing.
We all have seen examples of this kind ; prob-
ably there is not one of us who does not know
instances of them. I do not believe there is
one solitary instance in this country where an
original restraining charter like this was ever
effectual in limiting charges—was ever effect-
ual against any corporation whatever, railroad,
express, telegraph, or what not. You must
fix it by law, if you would protect the public ;
there is no other way.
It may be said that the interests of the cor-
porators will regulate this thing. No, sir: the
interests of corporators never did and never
will have such an effect. Men in their corpo-
rate capacity will act as they never would act
individually. Every one of us knows, for in-
stance, that while a corporation is bribing or
trying to bribe a Legislature, each member of
that corporation will nightly upon his knees
ask God's blessing upon his enterprises, and
daily read sermons inculcating virtue and re-
ligion. A corporation acts very much like a
mob; nobody is responsible. We know that
a mob will commit crimes for which no indi-
vidual member will hold himself responsible.
I repeat, it is, in my judgment, absolutely
essential that Congress should now, before
these influences become too overshadowing,
lake upon itself the duty of regulating the fare
