1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on these roads. I warn this House tliat, unless
we do this, the time is not far distant when
these roads, instead oC being recognized bless-
ings, will be a recognized curse. All the ex-
perience that we have had in a smaller way
proves this.
Now, sir, I am in favor of these roads. J
would give them any legislative assistance that
they may ask consistent with the public inter-
ests; but I repeat that we sh*ould insist upon
regulating their rates of charges now instead
of providing for doing it at some indefinite
time in the future. In the discussions of this
subject heretofore some gentlemen have ap-
peared to think that the people have no inter-
est in this question. There seems to be on the
part of some gentlemen a nervous anxiety for
the rights of the corporation; but have the
people no rights? The people have built sub-
stantially all that is now built of these roads.
They have conferred upon the companies land
sufficient to make an empire. They have mort-
gaged their own farms and houses and lots to
raise the money to build these roads. what
have they done all this? Merely to enrich the
corporators? Not at all; but to obtain for
themselves and their children railroad facili-
ties ; and they are entitled to enjoy those facili-
ties not as a favor but as a right, and at rea-
sonable prices.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Washbuen,] that he may
offer an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
amend the substitute by striking out the pro-
viso.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield to the gentleman
from California [Mr. Johnson] eight minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I have no
attack to make upon the Pacific railroad. I
am as much in favor of properly fostering the
interests of that enterprise as any gentleman
on this floor. The constituency that I repre-
sent is as much benefited by that enterprise as
any constituency represented in this House,
provided that great enterprise is not allowed
to remain an instrument of oppression, as it is
at the present time. The Central Pacific divis-
ion of that great road is now charging the
people of the State of California fifteen cents
a mile for freight, and ten cents a mile for
passengers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In gold?
Mr. JOHNSON. In gold. The net pro-
ceeds of that road, which is only about ninety
miles in length, were last year nearly one
million and a half dollars. In a very short
time that road, like a mighty vortex, will drink
up all the wealth of our new and growing
State. Now, sir, I am in favor of the passage
of this bill, notwithstanding the fact that it
creates a commission, which, in my judgment,
is a humbug; and I will say, without any re-
flections upon the gentlemen composing this
committee, that it seems to me the intention
of the bill to sugar-coat this monstrous engine
of oppression so that the people may be con-
tent to remain under it for a few years longer.
Why should not the proviso be stricken out?
Why should not the people of California be
protected from this oppression? Why should
not these companies be content? Why should
not the friends of this bill be content with the
amendment I desire to submit, limiting the
charges to eight cents a mile for freight and
six cents a mile for passengers—nearly twice
as much as the charges of any other road in
the United States or in the world? And we
are paying gold at one end of the line, while
at this end you are paying your paper trash.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there is any honest
intention on the part of this House to protect
our people agaipst this oppression, I ask that
the demand for the previous question be voted
down, and allow this amendment to be made,
restricting this commission and not leaving
them the latitude of the four winds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will suggest what his amendment is.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is to restrict the com-
mission in fixing their tariff to eight cents per
mile for freight, and six cents per mile for
passengers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will look at the original resolution, he
will see that it contains a restriction. The
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] has an
amendment to offer to the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, which covers, perhaps, the
original resolution ; and I think it will meet
also the proposition of the gentleman from
California.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was speaking of the sub-
stitute particularly. If there is such a clause
in the original bill, to which I have paid no
attention; I did not know it-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ori-
' ginal resolution provides that the rates to be
I fixed shall not exceed double the average
amount of the rates of fare for passengers and
freight from the Mississippi to the Atlantic
ocean in the latitude north of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, which will bring it, I think, less than
eight cents per mile.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is the simplest and
the straightest proposition, but I will be satis-
fied with that proposition. If the chairman will
agree to that I have no more to say.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa to let me move my amend-
ment.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Before moving
my amendment I desire to say a few words.
Mr. PRICE. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Seventeen minutes.
Mr. PRICE. If the House will sustain the
previous question I will have an hour which I
will yield for debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the previous question
be sustained will not the amendment be cut
off?
Mr. PRICE. I have agreed that the amend-
ment shall be offered.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask that my
amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided. That said tariff to be so fixed shall in no
case exceed double the average rate? charged on dif-
ferent hues of railroad between the Mississippi and
the Atlantic ocean in latitude north ot St. Louis.
The SPEAKER. One amendment is al-
ready pending, and if there be no objection
this amendment will be received.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
by permission of the gentleman from Iowa I
desire to say, as one of the members of the
Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad, I did not
agree to the bill reported to the House by the
chairman. I believe that bill to be an evasion
of the whole question submitted to the consid-
eration of the committee ; and, so far as I am
concerned, I cannot give my consent to the
proposition. The people along the lines of
these roads, so far as my State is concerned,
are oppressed as no people were ever oppressed
before by railroad corporations in the prices
charged for freight and passengers transported
over these roads. I am informed the Kansas
branch of the Pacific railroad charges far less
for passengers and freight transported over its
road than the Omaha line and the Central
Pacific railroad of California. It seems to
me that the people of the United States are
building these roads. They are lending to
those who are constructing these roads the
credit of the Government. Yet, sir, in spite
of that fact these corporations but oppress the
people by imposing upon the people unreason-
able charges for freight and passengers. The
people of my State are crying out as one man
against these unreasonable charges for freight
and passengers transported over this Pacific
railroad. 1 believe it to be the duty of Con-
gress to give to this road sufficient aid to extend
it through New Mexico and Arizona to the
Pacific coast. At the same time I believe it
to be the duty of Congress to relieve the people
of the country from the oppression which these
roads already in their infancy, as was well
remarked by the gentleman from New York,
begin to exercise. I wish to say to you, Mr.
Speaker, and this House, that the people of
the western frontier already appeal to Congress
to save them from these monopolies which are
beginning even at this very early day to mani-
fest themselves. Hence I have risen to say,
by the permission of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Price,] in the moment he has given
me, that the people of my State protest and
appeal as one man to the Congress of the
United States to protect them from these
charges, to protect them from the injustice that
is heaped upon them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Faknsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
motion to recommit the joint resolution and
amendments to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, with instructions to report a bill
regulating the tariff of freight and fare.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa yield for that motion?
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not believe in
the policy of deputing the power of Congress
to regulate this tariff of freight and fare. I do
not believe in putting the power into the hands
of any three men who may bo friendly or un-
friendly to this road, nor iti putting it into the
hands of other railroads which may be friendly
or unfriendly, by regulating their own tariff to
regulate the tariff of this road. If a neighbor-
ing railroad is unfriendly, it may put its tariff
very low; if it is friendly, it may put it very
high. So that if the tariff on this road is to
be regulated thereby you see it is no security
to the people of the country nor to the road.
I believe it is the duty of Congress to main-
tain its jurisdiction over this road by its own
laws, and fix the tariff of fare and freight, and
I will not consent by my vote to put this mat-
ter into the hands of any three men who may
be friendly, who may be bought up, or who
may be unfriendly. Congress should stand as
a fair arbiter between the people of the United
States and this corporation, securing all just
rights of the people as well as of the corpora-
tion. That is all I desire to say on the subject.
Mr. PRICE. I now call the previous ques-
tion ; if the House sustains it gentlemen can
have time to debate the question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PRUYN. I call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to the fact that a
resolution was agreed to in the committee pro-
viding for the appointment of two persons well
skilled in railroad matters, in addition to the
three Government officers named, making a
board of five.
Mr. PRICE. At one meeting of the com-
mittee such a resolution was passed. At that
meeting the gentleman from New York was
present; but at a subsequent meeting that res-
olution was rescinded, and the joint resolution
passed in the shape it is now reported to the
House.
Mr. PRUYN. I was not aware of it. I
hope the gentleman will yield me ten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield eight minutes.
Mr. PRUYN. I am very sorry to hear that
the committee rescinded the resolution to add
to the board two persons to be selected by the
President of the United States, who should be
well skilled in the construction and manage;
inent of railroads. It is quite evident that of
the Government officers named, one of them,
at least, is not a person who, from his official
position, would be likely to be fully informed
in regard to matters of this kind—I mean the
Attorney General—and that the duties_ of the
other Government officers are so pressing and
urgent that they probably never can give much
time to the details which this matter necessa-
rily involves. It was therefore proposed in the
committee at one time that we should add t e
other two persons, forming a board ot five or
the purpose of determining frorn year to year
the tariff of freight and fare, and that resolu-
