1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4471
especially in view of some facts, which I will
proceed to state.
Soon after the offering of this resolution by
my colleague, [Mr. Butler,] and its reference
to the committee, I received from Massachu-
setts n, communication in behalf of the cod-
fishing interests of that State, representing that
the passage of this resolution, although it might
possibly affect beneficially the mackerel inter-
ests of m}' colleague's constituents, would be
disastrous to the cod-fishing interests of the
country for this reason: if Prince Edward
Island should be made a free port of entry,
although it may be that now the exports of
fish from there amount to but $20,000 a year,
yet the time would speedily come when it would
be made a depot for the introduction of cod-
fish, which would by that channel come into
the country free of duty. The fishing grounds
to which my colleague refers are mackerel fish-
ing grounds; and this resolution would be
destructive to the cod-fishing interests of the
country, by permitting the introduction of cod-
fish free of duty by the way of Prince Edward
Island.
1 do not know, Mr. Speaker, but that there
may be reasons why some legislation should
be had on this subject: but I insist that in the
absence of all reliable information it would be
manifestly unsafe at this period of the session
for the House to pass this resolution, which is
not recommended by any committee, but upon
which the Committee of Ways and Means have,
I may say, reported unfavorably. It would be
wise, I believe, to adopt the report of the com-
mittee, so that between this time and the next
session such information may be had as will
enable the committee when we shall reassemble
to report some action which may be safe and
proper. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A word
or two in reply to my colleague, [Mr. Eliot, j
In the first place, I do not believe that any
codfish grow on that island.
Mr. ELIOT. But codfish will get there
quickly enough.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
permit myself to be interrupted.
In the first place, I do not believe that any
codfish grow on that island. If any do grow
there I am content they shall come in free of
duty. In the second place, I would like to
know whether my colleague has read the report
of Mr. Brega and that of Mr. Derby on this
subject, if he has not, then I agree that he
does not know anything about the matter, but
he can easily obtain information, for the thing
has been reported on fully. I represent as
many cod-fishitig vessels as does my colleague,
quite as many. The Salem Board of Trade,
the merchants of Boston, and others who fully
understand the true interests of our State desire
the passage of this resolution. It will be an
entering wedge to enable us to get, in the fish-
eries of those waters, that fair consideration to
which we are entitled.
Now, sir, I ask would my colleague spend
the vacation in going to Prince Edward Island
and getting this information at his own ex-
pense? If he would, then I want him put on
this committee if it should be appointed. But,
sir, I look upon this proposition of the com-
mittee as simply giving this matter the go-by.
The committee propose that three members
of this House shall spend the vacation, when
they have their elections to attend to at home, in
going at their own expense to visit this island, j
to which there is no public conveyance. J do
not believe any member will want to go. The
adoption of the proposition of the committee
will simply give this question the go-by.
Mr. ELIOT. We had better give it the
go-b5' than legislate in the dark on such a
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts When the
gentleman speaks of " legislating in the dark"
he may speak for himself; everybody else
understands this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
mean to enter into this question bet,ween mack-
erel and codfish, [laughter;] but it may be
well enough to refresh the recollection of gen-
tlemen of this House, who, I know, must all
be posted in geography, but who may not have
looked at the map with reference to this ques-
tion so recently as some of the committee.
This question is in some sense one of topog-
raphy. Prince Edward Island, it will be remem-
bered, lies in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, with
Nova Scotia stretching out as one arm on the
right, and the lower part of the Canadian do-
minion reaching around the gulf upon the
left. The object is to get around Nova Scotia
and obtain good relations with this little island
one hundred and forty miles long lying inside.
This may be all very well if it can be done, and
we may make a good bargain by it. But my
difficulty arises in part from information de-
rived from one of these very gentlemen referred
to by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] I understand it to be doubtful
whether any arrangementwhich Prince Edward
Island as a distinct colony might make by legis-
lative provision for conceding these advantages
for fishing purposes would be recognized by
Canada and by Nova Scotia, which border
upon the same waters that encircle this island.
And the committee, although they could obtain
even to the bushel exact information from
various statistical tables, and particularly from
an interesting one which accompanies Colton's
Atlas on this subject, as to the imports and
exports of grain and other productions, have
no means of knowing the disposition of the
people or what may be considered their power
as a colony on this subject of making a defini-
tive and exceptional arrangement by legislative
enactment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Ohio will do the justice of saying
that this does not propose anything until
Prince Edward Island has acted.
Mr. SCHENCK. We may do this thing with
this little island and afterward be " snubbed "
by being told that they had not the power to do
this thing. We do not report against the reso-
lution to keep open every question of an eco-
nomical character like this which will result in
good to the country. We have not proposed
to report against that, hut we have stated in
the opinion of the Committee of Ways and
Means the information is not so exact and full
in regard to the power and authority of the
colony as to its condition and productive capa-
city. We think, therefore, it will be better to
refer the resolution itself to a select committee,
and that committee shall collect and report to
the next session of Congress reliable inform-
ation on this subject.
The gentleman makes an objection on this
point. He says no three men appointed on
that committee will make the trip at their own
expense. It will be easy to test the sense of
the House on striking out that part of the reso-
lution. The Secretary of the Treasury might
send out with little expense one of the revenue-
cutters.
But, sir, it does not follow they must neces-
sarily go there. I do not understand my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has ever
been there, and yet he knows a great deal
about it, a great deal about the resources of
the island and the character of the people.
The committee has not proposed the select
committee shall visit the island, or go out of
the United States, but simply to commission
them to get all the information they can by in-
vestigation in proper quarters, by correspond-
ence, or in any way they may deem best. I
admit it would be better to visit the island ;
but that is a question apart from what the com-
mittee propose. If any gentleman wishes to
offer an amendment which will cover that point
I will agre« to it. I wish the resolution of the
committee to be read, so we may understand
what it is the committee proposes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Fearful
lest the House should not adopt my motion to
pass the resolution, 1 will move to add these
words: " except the Secretary of the Treasury
put a proper revenue-cutter at the use of the
committee for that purpose."
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were-
20, noes 2f> ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER under the rules ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Boiler of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Van Wyck.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 02, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ratification of fourteenth article.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report back the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Georgia ratifying
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution, with the recommendation that
they be filed in the State Department.
It was ordered accordingly.
message fk03i the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the amendment
of the House to a bill (S. No. 472) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to allow
the United States to prosecute appeals and
writs of error without giving security."
It also announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 570) for a grant of lands grant-
ing the right of way over the public lands to
the Denver Pacific railroad and telegraph com-
pany, and for other purposes; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
sessions of committees during tiib recess.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That no one of the committees of this
House be authorized to sit during the recess of Con-
gress, unless it be without increased expense to the
Government.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of a contestant.
Mr. McCLURG, from the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon:
Resolved That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House the sum of $1,500 to A. 0. Hunt,
m iull compensation for expenses of contesting the
seat of George M. Chilcott, Delegate in the Fortieth
Congress trom the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I will not
object to that if the gentleman will yield to
allow me to offer an amendment covering a
case passed upon by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. McCLURG. I am instructed by the
committee to offer the resolution, and therefore
cannot yield.
' The SPEAKER. It is privileged question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McCLURG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
members-ei.ect from georgia.
Mr. DAWTES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report back the creden-
tials of J. W. Clift and C. H. Prince, mem-
bers-elect from the State of Georgia, that state
having ratified the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, and in all other respects having
conformed<to the requirements of law m regard
to the adm/ssion of that State. These gentle-
