1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3447
pay a penalty of $500. Any person not having paid
the special tax, as required by law, who shall put up
the sign required by this section, or any sign indicat-
ing that he may lawfully carry on the business of a
distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, keeper of
a warehouse for distilled spirits, or compounder of
liquors, shaii forfeit and pay $1,000, and, on convic-
tion, shall be imprisoned not less than one month
nor more than six months; and any person who shall
work in any distillery, rectifying establishment, ware-
house, wholesale liquor store, or in the store of any
compounder of liquors, on which no sign shall be
placed and kept as hereinbefore provided, and any
person who shall knowingly carry or conveyany dis-
tilled spirits to or from any such distillery, rectifying
establishment, warehouse, or store, or who shall
knowingly carry and deliver any grain, molasses, or
other raw material to any distillery on which such
sign shall not be placed and kept, shall forfeit all
horses, carts, drays, wagons, or other vehicle or ani-
mal used m the carrying or conveying of such prop-
erty as aforesaid, and on conviction shall be lined
not less than $100 nor more than $1,000, and impris-
oned not less than one month nor more than six
months.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by striking
out in the section just read the following:
And no fence or wall of a height greater than
five feet shall be erected or maintained around the
premises of any distillery, nor shall the gate or door
of such fence or wall be kept locked or otherwise
fastened, so as to prevent easy and immediate access
to said distillery.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAItNES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out at the end of the pending section the
following:
And any person who shall work in any distillery,
rectifying establishment, warehouse, wholesale liquor
store, or in the store of any compounder of liquors,
on which no sign shall be placed and kept as herein-
before provided, and any person who shall knowingly
carry or convey any distilled spirits to or from any
such distillery, rectifying establishment, warehouse,
or store, or who shall knowingly carry and deliver
any grain, molasses, or other raw material to any
distillery on which such sign shall not be placed and
kept, shall lorfeit all horses, carts, drays, wagons, or
other vehicle or animal used in the carrying or con-
veying of such property as aforesaid, and, on con-
viction, shall bo lined not less than $100 nor more
than $1,000, and imprisoned notless than one month
nor more than six months.
The amendment was not agreed to.
No farther amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sf-C. 13. And be it further enacted, Thatevcry person
making or distilling spirits, or owning any still,
boiler, or other vessel used lor the purpose ot distill-
ing spirits, or having such still, boiler, or other vessel
so userl under his superintendence,either as agentor
owner, or using any such still, boiler, or other vessel,
shall, from day to day, make or cause to be made,
true and exact entry in a book or books, to be kept
by him, in such form as the Cominissionerof Internal
Revenue may prescribe, of the kind of materials, and
the quantity in pounds, bushels, or gallons purchased
by him for the production of spirits, from whom and
when purchased, and by what conveyance delivered
at said distillery, together with the amount paid
therefor, the kind and quantity of fuel purchased for
use in the distillery, and from whom purchased, the
amount paid for ice or water for use in the distillery,
the repairs placed on said distillery or distilling ap-
paratus, the cost thereof, and by whom and when
made; arid in another book shall make like entry of
the name and residence of each person employed in
or about the distillery, and in what capacity em-
ployed, the quantity of grain or other material used
for the production of .spirits, the time of day when
any yeast or other composition is put into any mash
or beer for the purpose of exciting fermentation, the
quantity of mash in cach tub, designating the same
by the number of the tub, the number of dry inches;
that is to say, the number of inches between the top
of each tub and the surface of the mash or beer
therein at the time of yeasting, the gravity and tem-
perature of the beer at the time of yeasting, and on
every day thereafter its gravity and temperature at
the hour of twelve meridian; also the time when any
fermenting tub is emptied of ripe mash or beer, the
number of gallons of spirits distilled, the number of
gallons placed in warehouse, and the proof thereof,
and the number of gallons sold or removed, with the
proof thereof, and the name, place of business, and
residence of the person to whom sold; and every fer-
menting tub shall be emptied at the end of the fer-
menting period, and shall remain emptyfor a period
of twenty-four hours. _ On the 1st, 11th,and 21st days
of cach month, or within five days thereafter, re-
spectively, every distiller shall render to the assistant
assessor an account in duplicate, taken from his
books, stating the quantity and kind of materials
used lor the production of spirits each day, and the
numberof wine gallons andot proof gallons ofspirits
produced and placed in warehouse. And the distiller
or the principal manager of the distillery shall make
and subscribe the following oath, to be attached to
said return:
" I , distiller, (or principal manager as the
case may be,) of the distillery at , do solemnly
swear that, since the date of the last return ot the
business of said distillery, dated — day of to --
day of , both inclusive, there was produced in
said distillery, and withdrawn and placed in ware-
house, thu number of wine gallons and of proof gal-
lons of spirits, and there were actually mashed and
used in said distillery, and consumed in the distilling
of spirits therein, the several quantities of grain,
sugar, molasses, and other materials, respectively,
hereinbefore specified, and no more."
The said books shall always be kept at the distill-
ery, and be always open to the inspection of any
revenue officer, and, when filled up, shall be pre-
served by the distiller for a period not less than two
years thereafter, and whenever required shall be
produced for the inspection of any revenue officer.
If any false entry shall be made in either of said
books, or any entry required to be made therein shall
be omitted therefrom, for every such false entry made,
or omission, the distiller shall forfeit and pay a pen-
alty of $1,000. And it any such false entry shall be
made, or any entry shall be omitted therefrom with
intent to defraud or to conceal from the revenue offi-
cers any fact or particular required to be stated and
entered in either of said books, or to mislead in ref-
erence thereto, or if any distiller as aforesaid shall
omit orrefuse to provide either of said books, orshall
cancel, obliterate,-or destroy any part of either of
such books, or any entry therein, with intent to
defraud, or shall permit the same to be done, or such
books, or either of them, be not produced when
required by any revenue officer, the distillery, dis-
tilling apparatus, and the lot or tract of land on
which it stands, and all personal property of every
kind and description on said premises, or used in the
business there carried on, shall bo forfeited to the
United States. And any person making such false
entry or omitting to make any entry hereinbefore
required to be made, with thein tent aforesaid, or who
shall cause or procure the same to be done, or who
shall fraudulently cancel, obliterate, or destroy any
part of said books, or any entry therein, or who shall
willfully fail to produce such books or either of them,
on conviction, shall be fined not less than SoOOnor
more than $3,000, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That on the re-
ceipt of the distiller's first return in each month, the
assessor shall proceed to inquire and determine
whether said distiller has accounted in his returns
for the preceding month for all the spirits produced
by him; and to determine the quantity of spirits
thus to be accounted for, the whole quantity of spirits
produced from the materials used shall be ascer-
tained; (and forty-five gallons of mash or beer
brewed or fermented from grain shall represent not
less than one bushel ot gram, and seven gallons of
mash or beer brewed or fermented from molasses sh all
represent not less than one gallon of molasses.) Incase
the return of thodistillershallhave been less than the
quantity thus ascertained the distiller shall be assessed
for such deficiency at the rate of sixty cents for every
proof gallon, and the collector shall proceed to col-
lect the same as in cases of other assessments for
deficiencies; but in no case shall the quantity of
spirits returned by the distiller, together with the
quantity so assessed, be for a less quantity of spirits
than eighty per cent, of the producing capacity of
the distillery.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out in the last sentence of the section
just read the word 4'sixty" and inserting
u fifty;" so as to read "at the rate of fifty
cents for every proof gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, BECK. I move to amend by striking
out in line eight the words " forty-five" and
inserting in lieu thereof u sixty 5" so that the
clause will read:
And sixty gallons of mash or beer brewed or fer-
mented from grain shall represent not less than one
bushel of grain.
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the store-
keeper assigned to any distillery warehouse shall also
have charge of the distillery connected therewith;
and, in addition to the duties required of him as a
storekeeper in charge of a warehouse, shall keep in
a book to be provided for that purpose, and in the
manner to be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, a daily account of all the meal and
vegetable productions or other substances brought
into said distillery, or on said premises, to be used
for the purpose of producing spirits, from whom pur-
chased, and when delivered at said distillery, the
kind and quantity of all fuel used, and from whom
purchased, and of all repah's made on said distillery,
and by whom and when made, the names and places
of residence of all persons employed in or about the
business of the distillery, of the materials put into
the mash tub or otherwise used forthe production of
spirits, the time when any fermenting-tub is emptied
of ripe mash or beer, recording the same by the
number painted 011 said tub, and of all spirits drawn
off from the receiving cistern, and the time when
the same were drawn off. Any distiller or person
employed in any distillery who shall use, cause, or
permit to be U3ed any material for the purpose of
making mash, wort, or beer, or for the production of
spirits, or shall remove any spirits in the absenec of
the storekeeper or person designated to act as said
storekeeper, shall forfeit and pay double the amount
of taxes on the spirits so produced, distilled, or re-
moved, and, in addition thereto, be liable to a penally
of $1,000.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
. Sp.c. 21. And be it further enacted. That every dis-
tiller, at the hour of twelve meridian, on the third
day after that on which his bond shall have been
approved by the assessor, shall be deemed to have
commenced and thereafter to be continuously en-
gaged m the production of distilled spirits in his dis-
tillery, except in the intervals when he shall have
suspended work, as hereinafter authorized or pro-
vided. Any distiller desiring to suspend work in his
distillery may give notice in writing to the assistant
assessor of his division, stating when he will stop
work; and on the day mentioned in said notice said
assistant assessor shall, at the expense of the dis-
tiller, proceed to fasten securely the door of every
furnace, of every still or boiler in said distillery, by
locks and otherwise, and shall adoptsuch other means
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
prescribe to prevent the lighting of any fire in such
furnace or under such stills or boilers. The locks
and seals, and other materials required for such pur-
pose, shall be furnished to the assessorof the district
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, tobeduly
accounted for by said assessor. Such notice by any
distiller, and theaction taken by the assistant assessor
in pursuance thereof, shall be immediately reported
to the assessor of the district, and by him transmitted
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. No dis-
tiller, after having given such notice, shall, after the
time stated therein, carry on the business of a dis-
tiller on said premises until he shall have given
another notice in writingto said assessor, stating the
time when he will resume work; and at the time so
stated for resuming work the assistant assessor shall
attend at the distillery to remove said locks and
other fastenings; and thereupon, and not before,
work may be resumed in said distillery, which fact
shall be immediately reported to the assessor of the
district, and by him transmitted to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Any distiller, after the time
fixed in said notice declaring his intention to stop
work, who shall carry on the business of a distiller
on said premises, or shall have mash, wort, or beer
in his distillery, or on any premises connected there-
with, or who shall have in his possession or under
his control any mash, wort, or beer, with intent to
distill the same on said premises, shall incur the for-
feitures, and be subject to the same punishment as
piovided for persons who carry on the business of a
distiller without having paid the special tax.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits shall bo drawn from the receiving cistern into
casks or packages, each of not less capacity than
twenty gallons, wine measuro, and shall be immedi-
ately removed into the distillery warehouse, and shall
thereupon be gauged and proved by said gauger, who
shall mark, by cutting on the cask or package con-
taining such spirits, in a manner to be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the quantity
in wine gallons, and in proof gallons, of the contents
of such cask or package, and shall, in presence of tho
storekeeper of the warehouse, place upon the head
of the cask or package an engraved stamp, which
shall be signed by the collector of the district and the
storekeeper and gauger, and shall have written
thereon the number of proof gallons contained
therein, the name of the distiller, the date of the re-
ceipt in the warehouse, and the serial number of each
cask or package, in progressive order, as the same
shall be received from the distillery. Such serial
number for every distillery shall begin with number
one (No. 1) with the first cask or package deposited
therein after this act takes effect, and no two or more
casks or packages warehoused at the same distillery
shall be marked with the same number. The said
stamp shall be as follows:
[Distillery warehouse stamp, No. —.]
Issued by , collector, district, State of
. "Distillery warehouseof ——,18—. CaskNo.—,
contents gallons, proof-spirit.
Attest:
United States Storekeeper,
United States Guager.
And the distiller or owner of all spirits so removed
to the distillery warehouse shall enter the same for
deposit in such warehouse, under suoh rules and
regulations, not inconsistent herewith, as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe ; and
said entry shall be in triplicate and shall contain the
name of the person making the entry, the designa-
tion of the warehouse in which the deposit is made,
and the date thereof, and shall be in form as follows:
[Entry for deposit in distillery warehouse.}
Entry of distilled spirits deposited by , in
distillery warehouse , in the district, State of
 , on the day of , A. D. -—.
And the entry shall specify the kind of spirits, tho
whole number of casks or packages, the marks and
serial numbers thereon, the numberof gauge or wine
gallons and of proof gallons, and the amount of the
tax on the spirits contained in them; all of which
shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the
distiller or owner of the same attached to the entry;
and the said distiller or owner shall give his bond 111
duplicate, with one or more sureties^ satisfactory to
the collector of tho district, conditioned that the
principal named in said bond will pay the tax on the
spirits, as specified in the entry, or cause the same
to be paid, before removal from said distillery are-
house, and*wifhin 0110 year from the date or saia
bond, unless the same shall be removed by him irom
said warehouse according to law; and. the penal sum
of such bondshail not beiess than double the amount
of the tax on suoh distilled spirits. Oneof said entries
shall be retained in the office ot the collector 01 tao
