1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
immediately or at the end of the year I desire
to * .) .  few words with re^nrtl to the effect
siu'ii  • tion will have upon other great inter-
ests of the country.
In record to the tariff on woo! and woolens,
1 was um.n y instrumental in setting together
at ^yrneiise, and afterward at New \ork, the
| .irt ,'s interested Or the purpose of harmon-
izing their views upon the subject. 1 he meas-
ure was brought before Congress and passed;
but it hits failed to have the desired effect. I
will tell you why. I"he tariff upon wool had
the effect" to reduce its price in the wool-grow-
ing countries from which we purchased. The
effect was that the French and English manu-
facturers have taken that very wool to Europe,
manufactured it there, and then imported the
goods into this country, bringing in them from
titty to seventy per cent, of shoddy, which has
resulted in great injury to the wool-growers in
this country.
Anil now a measure is brought forward to
remove the tax from cotton. Those gentlemen
who have observed the price of cotton and of
wool for the last sis or seven years are well
aware that when the price of cotton was high
the price of wool was high, and a fair return
was received by the wool-grower. When cot-
ton was up to a high figure there was no diffi-
culty in selling wool at a high price. But now
that cotton is low the wool-grower cannot sell
his wool at any price that will compensate the
producer. The proposition now is to remove
the tax upon cotton, which is acting to that
extent as a protection to the wool-grower. I
am sorry to see my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Schexck,] who is interested in the prosperity
of wool-growers, taking, in this way, indirect
action against their interest.
I am familiar with this subject. I have
studied for years. I am one of the directors
of the National Manufacturing Association,
and I also took an active part in getting up the
wool-growers' organization and bringing to-
gether the wool-growers of the United States
in convention to agree upon the amount of
duty that they would recommend to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, which was
afterward adopted. Xow, it is proposed, at
this period, when the wool interest is as much
depressed as I have ever known it to beat any
time since I have been in the business, I and that
is over forty years.) to take from the wool-grow-
The reason, as I understand, for releasing '
cotton from tax, now or hereafter, is that it is j
taxed when other articles of a similar char- 1
acter are not, and that it is so depreciated at
this time that it cannot bear this tax. The
question is, whether-it is best to take the tax
trom cotton now or to relieve the next crop
from taxation. In arriving at a just conclu-
sion upon this subject our object, in my judg-
ment, should be to relieve the poor man and
the producer, not to benefit the speculator. If
we intend to relieve the producer or advance
his interests we cannot, in my view, do it by
releasing the present crop from taxation, but
we may accomplish the object by exempting
the next crop, thereby holding out induce-
ments for the production of an increased quan-
tity.
I will state what I understand to be the facts
in regard to the growth of cotton. The crop
is planted in the spring, in July it blooms,
and it is gathered in September and October.
There are three pickings of the crop. When
the poor man, producing one or two bales of
cotton, has his crop ready for picking, and finds
it necessary to employ hands for that purpose,
the money for their employment is furnished
by the speculator, to whom the crop when
picked in the seed is delivered at a stipulated
price. Throughout the various cotton-raising
States almost the entire crop is sold in the
seed to the speculator or to the ginner of cot-
ton. This I know is the case in my own
section of the country, for I reside in a district
where cotton is produced. Perhaps some gen-
tlemen maybe astonishedatthestatement; but
in the district where I reside we produce about
twenty thousand bales of cotton annually. The
producer of small crops of cotton sells his crop
in the seed. He sold it this year at three cents
a pound in the seed, which is estimat#d to be
equivalent to nine cents a pound when the cot-
ton is ginned, three pounds of the seed being
equal to one pound of ginned cotton. At the
present time the cotton crop of the United
States, at least two thirds of it, has passed out
of the hands of the cotton-growers who grow
small crops and is in the hands of the specu-
lators.
If, then, you take off the tax on cotton at
this time whom do you benefit? Not the
grower, for under the Treasury circulars you
exempt the cotton from tax in the raw state,
ers this little protection of two and a half cents^and only impose it when the cotton is carried
per pound, reducing the tax imposed upon theforward for shipment. It is then taxed in the
disloyal portion of the country and adding to
the burden of taxation borne by the loyal por-
tion of the country. I cannot let a measure
of this kind go through without entering uiy
protest against such a policy.
If we could adopt this measure, Mr. Speaker,
without imposing additional burdens upon the
loyal people I would say nothing, but in redu-
cing the tax upon one article you must increase
it on another, or your revenue will fall short.
I ask gentlemen to hesitate before they thus
enter upon a policy of taking off taxes in the
face of the fact that the revenues of the country
are falling off at such a rate that we may soon
be left without money to pay the interest on
the public debt. To my certain knowledge we
may as well abolish our revenue offices in many
parts of the South if we remove thig tax.
Besides, sir, here is a tax that we can col-
lect. This tax may too be high ; if so, I would
agree to reduce it. But, gir, we must collect
tax somewhere. We have the power to collect
the tax on cotton. The Government has failed
in collecting the tax on whisky; yes, I say
■'failed.'' The country knows that the Gov-
ernment is a failure in that respect. We must
hold on to some sources of revenue; we must
continne some of these taxes that we can col-
lect.
Mr. Speaker, I had not expected to say any-
thing on this subject. I have made these re-
marks simply for the purpose of calling the
attention of the House to it.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, in reference to
thig question I certainly agree with the chair-
man of-the Committee of Ways and Means.
bale two and a half cents per pound. It is
taxed in the hands of the purchaser and not
in the hands of the grower, unless the pro-
ducer ships his own cotton, which is hardly
ever the case. How does it operate? The
purchaser buys the cotton at three cents per
pound in the seed, and he has to pay the tax
of two and a half cents per pound. That
increases the price to five and a half cents per
pound. So, then, the cotton taxed is the cot-
ton in the hands of the purchaser. If you
take off the tax now what do you do? You
increase the profit of the cotton speculators
two and a half cents per pound.
I will state that there are southern men here
who know something about theTaising of cot-
ton ; perhaps more than I do. But I have
studied the subject. I have raised cotton my-
self. I raised this year fifty bales upon my
own farm in southern Illinois. I know some-
thing about the raising of cotton in Illinois
and along the Mississippi river, and I know
that it is the best cotton-producing land in this
country. You will find the small farmers, or
planters, as they are called, sell their crops of
cotton before the cotton is picked, because
they are in such condition they are compelled
to sell their crop before it is ready for market,
even before it is sent to the gin to be ginned.
When it passes from their hands into the hands
of the merchants, or brokers, or speculators
in New York or elsewhere, the grower has no
more interest in it.
These cotton factors have their hands upon
every crop of cotton before it is matured, that
is, the crops of cotton which are raised by poor
people; and if you take off the tax now you
benefit the purchaser and not the producer. I
say to this House that you uia^r ask the cotton
brokers in Broad street, New \ ork, to-day and
they will tell you they are in favor of taking
off the tax at this time. They have looked for-
ward to the removal of this tax, and each one
of them has from two thousand bales upward
stored in the bonded warehouses. According
to the circular from the Treasury Department
they are allowed ninety days to pay the tax
after shipment. If you take off the tax. now,
the ninety days not having expired, they will
be relieved from the payment of the tax at all.
In that way you benefit sot the cotton grower,
but the cotton broker. I left home in October,
and before I left at the depot where cotton is
received in my county, nearly every producer
of cotton in that section who had a few acres
in that product was obliged to sell, and it was
sold at three cents per pound in the seed. The
only men there holding cotton are those who
have large farms and who have large quantities
of cotton on hand. The speculators nave bought
it up in large quanties in the hope that hold-
ing on to it their profits may be greatly increased
by the removal of the tax of two and a half
cents per pound. This is my experience on
the subject. There may be some few growers
who yet hold on to their cotton. We all know
how it is. We know that all the cotton in the
great cotton marts of Mobile, Charleston, Mem-
phis, New Orleans, and New York belongs to
the purchasers, and when you remove this tax
you benefit them to the extent of the tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I happened
during the past summer to fall in with a com-
pany of gentlemen who were engaged in the
production of cotton in India, and in the con-
versation which took place these men, repre-
senting large houses in London, admitted with
admirable candor that in the course of four or
five years they hoped to establish the cotton
culture in India upon a firm basis, if the States,
as they call us, would only keep up the tax on
cotton raised here.
That is the universal calculation with the
Anglo-Indian cotton interest, "that if we are
guilty of the superlative folly of taxing one of
our leading raw products, we shall build up in
distant lands a successful competitor with our-
selves. Every penny tax that we lay on our
cotton the English people regard as a two-
penny premium on the production of the plant
in their own Oriental colonies.
I submit, if the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Covode] finds the wool interest as
depressed as he says he does, it will hardly do
for him to invoke Congress to destroy the cot-
ton interest entirely in order that the wool
interest may have a partial revival. If the
gentleman's argument amounts to anything
at all we ought to double the cotton tax and
utterly extinguish it, and then there would be
an admirable chance for wool. I would like
to ask him, as a Representative from Pennsyl-
vania, with what kind of a face he and his col-
leagues came into this House two years ago
and demanded that the internal revenue tax
should be taken off coal, and the tariff in-
creased on imported coal, as my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Ixgersom.] reminds me.
Mr. KELbEY. The gentleman will permit
me to say that his friend from Illinois is mis-
Mr. INGERSOLL. My friend will allow me
to say that I think the records will bear me out
iti the assertion that the Pennsylvania delega-
tion, at any rate many of them, did ask Con-
gress to increase the tariff on Nova Scotia coal.
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania will 
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot let my ten minutes
be consumed by allowing my friends to have
a side discussion. I have nothing to do with
their dispute. I am not calling Pennsylvania
to account for asking that the internal revenue
duty be taken off from their coal. I Voted for
taking it off. It never ought to have been on.
It is wrong to tax any of these products. It is
just as wrong to tax cotton as it was to tax
