4472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnlv 25,
men will take the oath prescribed by the act
Of July 2, 1862.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. J. W. Clift and Mr. C. H. Prince ac-
cordingly appeared and were duly qualified by
taking the oaths prescribed by the act of July
2, 1802.
Mr. DAWES. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report back the
credentials of P. W. Edwards and Samuel P.
Gove, njembers-elect from the State of Geor-
gia, and to state that these gentlemen are un-
able to take the oaths prescribed by the act of
July 2, 18G2, they having participated in the
rebellion, one having held office under the
confederacy and the other having served in the
confederate army. The gentlemen, however,
have had their disabilities removed by the act
of July 25,1868, and the committee recommend
that they be admitted to their seats upon taking
the oath prescribed by the statute of July 11,
Mr. MULLINS. Is the evidence sufficient
to satisfy the minds of the committeo that all
is right in this case ?
Mr. DAWES. The evidence as to the re-
moval of the disabilities of these gentlemen was
submitted to the committee some time since,
and they reported upon it. The presumption
is that it was entirely satisfactory to that com-
mittee, as it appeared to be satisfactory to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question: whether he did not urge the
passage of that bill very heavily and participate
in it, as well as the balance of the House?
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry to say that I am
usually heavy" on these things, but I did not
participate in that debate. I was absent when
the bill passed. If I had been present, how-
ever, I would have recorded my vote in favor
of the bill.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
if he proposes to let these red-handed rebels
into Congress? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that any such
have applied to be admitted, but they may if
the gentleman's party gets into power. At
present no such have presented themselves. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Samuel F. Gove and Mr. P. W. En-
wards then appeared and were duly qualified
by taking the oath prescribed by the act of
July 11, 1868.
pay of a contestant.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid outof the contingent
fund of the House the sum of $2,500 to William Me-
wrorty as full compensation for expenses of contest-
ing the seat of William H. IIoopek, Delegate in the
fortieth Congress from the Territory of Utah.
Mr. KERR, Mr. ALLISON, and others
objected.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1010) relating to pensions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table.
suspension of joint rules.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the following message from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
July 25,1868.
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules
of the two Houses be suspended for the residue of
the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House that the Senate evidently'under-
stands that this is within the last three days of
the session, and proposes to suspend the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules prohibiting
the exchange of bills between the two Houses
within the last three days of the session, and
the sending of bills to the President on the
last day of the session. The Efcuse has, how-
ever, ruled, the Chair having so decided, that
these are not the last days of the session, as
this is only a recess, and the last days will
not occur until after the recess in September.
The resolution will be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means if there is no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can bills be sent to the
President unless we pass the resolution?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt they
can, as this is not within the last three days
or the last ten days of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg leave to say that I
have no doubt the Speaker is right, but the
Senate take a different view, and as the Sen-
ate may act upon their view, they might be
unwilling to unite with us in doing any busi-
ness. I suggest, therefore, whether it would
not be better to gratify the Senate by concur-
ring in the resolution?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
be very unwilling to concede by concurring in
the resolution that the Speaker decided wrong.
Mr. MAYNARI). I do not see that it can
do any harm to concur.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on concurring.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
55, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the ruling of the Chair again stated,
so that the House may understand what it is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not the reso-
lution provide for suspending the rules during
the last three days of the session? If so, it wiil
not take effect until next September. I would
like to have it read again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have read
the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules.
The Clerk read as follows:
"16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall
be sent for concurrence to the other on either of the
three last days of the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
bo presented to tho President of the United States
for his approbation on the last day of tho session."
Mr. SCHENCK. I will submit, if it is in
order, another motion, that the Speaker of the
House be requested to communicate to the
Senate that, by the construction given to the
rules by the House of Representatives, it is not
necessary to pass a concurrent resolution of
this kind, as these are not the last days of the
session, and that we are acting upon that con-
struction. It is a case where the Senate con-
strues the joint rules of the two Houses in one
way and the House in another. 1 believe the
House is right. There is no doubt about the
Speaker being correct. This is not the end of
the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] and
to the House that lie would prefer that the
House, aud not the Speaker, should send the
message to the Senate. Tho Senate might not
consider italtogether respectful for the Speaker
of this House to decide that.their construction
of the joint rules was not correct.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. Then I will
move that the Clerk of the House be directed
to notify the Senate that we construe the rules
differently from what the Senate appear to do;
that we do not hold that it is now within the
last three days of the session, but that the ses-
sion will not close until after the meeting in
September next.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now state
to the House that had the resolution of the
Senate been concurred in the Chair would
have felt bound to entertain motions to suspend
the rules, upon the ground that such a concur-
rence would have been a construction that this
was the last of the session.
The House resumed the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table.
CIIEROKEES NORTH CAROLINA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 1375, to transfer to the De-
partment of the Interior certain powers and
duties now exercised by the Secretary of the
Treasury in connection with Indian affairs.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the bill the following:
Srcc. —. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall cause a new roll or class to
be made of the North Carolinaor eastern Gherokces,
which shall bo the roll upon which payments due
said Indians shall be made.
Sue.—. And be it further enacted. That hereafter
the Secretary of the Interior shall cause tho Com-
mittee of Indian Affairs to take thesame supervisory
charge ot the Eastern or NorthCarolinaCherokees as
of the other tribes ot Indians.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
Mr. W1NDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states courts in florida.
Mr. HAMILTON. It seems to be utterly
impossible for me to get in some resolutions I
have drawn up for the impeachment of the
President of the United States. I now rise to
do the next best thing I can for the people of
my State. I ask unanimous conseut to have
taken from the Speaker's table, for consider-
ation at this time, Senate bill No. 60-1, regu-
lating the times and places of holding the dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States for
the northern district of Florida.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read ;
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the times and places of holding the
United States districtand circuit courts for the
northern district of Florida shall hereafter be
as follows: at Jacksonville on the first Monday
of December; at Tallahassee, on thefirst Mon-
day in February: at Pensacola on the first
Monday of March. The second section pro-
vides that the terms of the United States court
heretofore held at St. Augustine and Apalaeh-
icola shall be hereafter discontinued.
_ Mr. BOUTWELL. I believe the bill is all
right and should be passed.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would like to inquire why
it is that the gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Hamilton] cannot get in his resolutions of
impeachment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
that question after this bill has been disposed
of. The gentleman from Florida asks unani-
mous consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table, out of its order, the bill which has just
lmpn vociil
Mr. PHELPS. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not before
the House. The Chair will state that when the
gentleman from Florida [Mr. Hamilton] states
that he is unable to obtain the floor in order to
move resolutions for the impeachment of the
1 resident of the United States the gentleman
does the Chair injustice, which the Chair sup-
poses was unintentional on his part.
11 1 certainty did not mean
anything of the kmd.
I he SPEAKER. When the House is pro-
ceeding with the consideration of business on
the Speaker s table, as each bill is disposed of,
before another bill is taken up any gentleman
on either side of the House can present any
question of privilege to the House for its con-
sideration. ibe gentleman from Florida TMr.
Hamilton] has sought twice to obtain the
floor to introduce something which he says
