1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
more rmblic importance than if it arose between
two obscure individuals. If Andrew Johnson
tolls the truth then he is guilty of a high official
misdemeanor, for he avows his effort to pre-
vent the execution of the law. If the General
commanding tells the truth then the President
is guilty of a high misdemeanor, for he declares
the same thing of the President, denying only
his own complicity. No argument can make
this point plainer than the statement of the
culprit. If he and the General told the truth
then he committed willful perjury by refusing
to take care that the laws should be duly exe-
cated.
To show the animus and guilty knowledge
with which this law was violated we have only
to torn to the proceedings of the Senate noti-
fying him of his illegal and void conduct, and
then to consider that he has since persevered in
attempting to enforce it. Indeed, to show his
utter disregard of the laws of his country, we
have only to turn to his last annual message,
in which he proclaims to the public that the
laws of Congress are unconstitutional and not
binding on the people. Who, after that, can
say that such a man is fit to occupy the execu-
tive chair, whose duty it is to inculcate obe-
dience to those very laws, and see that they are
faithfully obeyed? Then the great beauty of
this remedial and preventive process is clearly
demonstrated. He is dull and blind who can-
not see its necessity and the beneficial pur-
poses of the trial by impeachment.
By the sixth section of the act referred to,
it is provided:
" That every removal, appointment, or employment
made, had, or exercised contrary to the provisions
of this,act, and the making, signing, sealing, coun-
tersigning, or issuing of any commission or letter of
authority for or in respect to any such appointment
or employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to bo, high misdemeanois; and upon trial
and conviction thereof every person guilty thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding S10,000 or
by imprisonment not exceeding live years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of tlie court."
Now, in defiance of this law, Andrew John-
son, on the 21st day of February, 1868, issued
his commission or letter of authority to one
Lorenzo Thomas, appointing him Secretary of
War ad interim, and commanded him to take
possession of the Department of War and to
eject the incumbent, E. M. Stanton, then in
lawful possession of said office. Here, if this
act stood alorie, would be an undeniable official
misdemeanor—not only a misdemeanor per se,
but declared to be so by the act itself, and the
party made indictable and punishable in a crim-
inal proceeding. If Andrew Johnson escapes
with bare removal from office, if he be not
fined and incarcerated in the penitentiary after-
ward under criminal proceedings, he may thank
the weakness or the clemency of Congress and
not his own innocence.
We shall propose to prove on the trial that
Andrew Johnson was guilty of misprision of
bribery by offering to General Grant, if he
would unite with him in his lawless violence,
to assume in his stead the penalties and to en-
dure the imprisonment denounced by the law.
Bribery is one of the offenses specifically
enumerated for which the President may be
impeached and removed from office. By the
Constitution, article two, section two, the Pres-
ident has power to nominate and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point all officers of the United States whose
appointments are not therein otherwise pro-
vided for and which shall be established by law,
and, to fill up all vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate, by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of
their next session. Nowhere, either in the
Constitution or by statute, has the President
power to create a vacancy during the session
of the Senate and fill it without the advice and
consent of the Senate, and yet, on the 21st
day of February, 1868, while the Senate was
in session, he notified the head of the War
Department that he was removed from office
and his, successor ad interim appointed. Here
is a plain, recorded violation of the Constitution
and laws, which, if it stood alone, would make
every honest and intelligent man give his vote
for impeach meat. The President had perse-
vered in his lawless course through a long
series of unjustifiable acts. When the so-called
confederate States of America were conquered
and had laid down their arms and surrendered
their territory to the victorious Union the gov-
ernment and final disposition of the conquered
country belonged to Congress alone, according
to every principle of the law of nations.
Neither the Executive nor the judiciary had
any right to interfere with it except so far as
was necessary to control it by military rule
until the sovereign power of the nation had pro-
vided for its civil administration. No power
but Congress had any right to say whether ever
or when they should be admitted to the Union
as States and entitled to the privileges of the
Constitution of the United States. And yet
Andrew Johnson, with unblushing hardihood,
undertook to rule them by his own power
alone; to lead them into full communion with
the Union j direct them what governments to
erect and what constitutions to adopt, and to
send Representatives and Senators to Con-
gress according to his instructions. When
admonished by express act of Congress, more
than once repeated, he disregarded the warn-
ing and continued his lawless usurpation. He
is since known to have obstructed the reestab-
lishment of those governments by the author-
ity of Congress, and has advised the inhabitants
to resist the legislation of Congress. In my
judgment his conduct with regard to that trans-
action was a high-handed usurpation of power
which ought long ago to have brought him to
impeachment and trial and to have removed
him from his position of great mischief. He
has been lucky in thus far escaping through
false logic and false law. But his then acts,
which will on the trial be shown to be atrocious,
are open evidence of his wicked determination
to subvert the laws of his country.
I trust that when we come to vote upon this
question we shall remember that although it is
the duty of the President to see that the laws
be executed the sovereign power of the nation
rests in Congress, who have been placed around
the Executive as muniments to defend his
rights, and as watchmen to enforce his obedi-
ence to the law and the Constitution. His
oath to obey the Constitution and our duty to
compel him to do it are a tremendous obliga-
tion, heavier than was ever assumed by mortal
rulers. We are to protect or to destroy the lib-
erty and happiness of a mighty people, and to
take care that they progress in civilization
and defend themselves against every kind of
tyranny. As we deal with the firstgreat polit-
ical malefactor so will bo the result of our
efforts to perpetuate the happiness and good
government of the human race. The God of
our fathers, who inspired them with the thought
of universal freedom, will hold us responsible
for the noble institutions which they projected
and expected us to carry out. This is not to
be the temporary triumph of a political party,
but is to endure in its consequence until this
whole continent shall be filled with a free and
untrammeled people or shall be a nest of
shrinking, cowardly slaves.
The SPEAKER. There arc two minutes
remaining of the time of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] If there be
no objection the Clerk will read the resolu-
tion upon which the House is about to vote.
There being no objection, the Clerk read, as
follows:
Resolution providing for the impeachment of An-
drew Johnson, President of tlio United States.
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and mis-
demeanors in office.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. On that
resolution 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12G, nays 47, not vot-
ing 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beamtfn, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, llutier, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Co'ourn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Ecklcy, Eggleston,
Eliot, l(arnsworth, Fcrriss, Perry, Fields, Gravely,
Griswold, llalsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard,
llulburd, liuiiter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kclsey, Keteham, Kitchen, Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridgc, Lynch, MallOry, Marvin. Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head. Morrell, Muliins, Myers, Neweomb, Nnnn,
O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Pot-ley, Price, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Selyq, Shanks, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron b. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stokes, 1'alte, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upoon, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, James P. "Wilson, John T. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and the
Speaker—lift.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Kuott, Marshall,
MeCorraick, McCulJough, Morgan, Morrissey, Men-
sen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall.
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodward—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benjamin, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Ela, Finney, Garfield, Hawkins, Koontz, May-
nard, Pomeroy, Robinson, Shellabarger, Thoma3,
John Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, and William Williams—17.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BARNES. My colleague, Mr. Robin-
son, is absent on account of sickness. If he
were here lie would vote "no."
Mr. LOAN. My colleague, Mr. Benjamijt,
who is paired on this question with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] would,
if present, vote ''ay."
Mr. ORTH. My colleagues from Indiana,
Mr. Washburn and Mr. Williams, who are
absent, would, if they were present, vote for
the adoption of this resolution.
Mr. PILE. My colleague, Mr. Van Horn,
of Missouri, has been called ho.me by business.
If he were here I have no doubt he would vote
'' ay.''
Mr. ARNELL. My colleague, Mr. Trim-
ble, of Tennessee, is absent by leave of the
House. If present, he would vote "ay."
Mr. LAFLIN. My colleague, Mr. Pomeroy,
is detained at home by sickness in his family.
Mr. WINDOM. My colleague, Mr. Don-
nelly, is detained in New Hampshire. If he
were present he would vote "ay."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. My
colleague, Mr. Koontz, is absent by leave of
the House. If he were here he would I have
no doubt vote " ay."
Mr. MULLINS. My colleague, Mr. May-
xaiid, is absent on leave. If here he would
vote "'ay."
Mr. WELKER. My colleague, Mr. Shel-
lajsaroeu, is detained at his home by sickness.
If lie weie here he would vote "ay."
Mr. BROOMALL. My colleague, Mr.
Kooxtz, who is necessarily absent-, would, if
here, vote " ay."
Vv'ben the roll-call had been concluded,
I he SPE AKEU said : The occupant of the
Chair cannot consent that his constituents
should be silent oil so grave a question, and
therefore, as a member ot this House, he votes
"ay." On agreeing to the resolution, there
ate yeas 12t>, nays 47. So the resolution is
adopted.
Mr. SiEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
'I he latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. &TLA ENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I submit the following resolutions
on which I demand the previous question : '
That a committee of two be appointed to
•i-hJ lV™:„ail le.>ar 'hereof, in filename
the ir^ I'V; tl!ce> i11".1 acquaint the Senate that
the. House oi Repve^ntatives will, in duo time, ex-
nibn particular nrncloaof impeachment against him
and make good the same; and that the committee d6
