3 66
SUPPLEMENT TO
bency of the one or the other bring him within
the proviso. If he ia not brought within the
proviso, his office being there, the fact that he
is not in does not carry his office back into the
first part, because his office would be back
there for the future as well as for the past and
for the present.
It is a statute made for permanent endurance,
and the office of Secretary of War, now and
forever, as long as the statute remains upon
the book, is disposed of one way or the other
within the first part or within the proviso.
And yet we have been entertained, in public
discussions as well as in arguments here, with
what is supposed to be a sort of triumphant
refutation, that Mr. Stanton's office in his
actual incumbency is not protected by the pro-
viso ; that then his office is carried back under
the body of the section. There is "no doubt
about the office being under the proviso. It
says so :
"Provided. That the Secretaries of State, of tho
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of tho Interior,
the Postmaster General, and tho Attorney General
shall hold their offices respectively,'' &o.
That does not mean the men ; it means the
offices shall have that tenure. Having got
along so far that this office of Secretary of
War, like the office of Secretary of the Inte-
rior, must always remain under that proviso,
and is never governable or to be governed by
the body of the section, we have but one other
consideration, and that is whether the pro-
viso, which is the only part of tho section that
can operate upon the office of Secretary of
War, so operates upon that office as to cover
Mr. Stanton in a durable tenure fort.be future ;
and that turns upon the question whether the
durability of tenure provided as a general rule
for the ollice is in the terms of its limitation
such as to carry him forward, or whether its
bound has already been reached and he is out
of it. That is a question of fact in the con-
struction of the proviso. He either stays in
the proviso or he drops out of the proviso ;
and if lie personally drops out of the proviso
in his present incumbency he cannot get back
into the operative clause, because he cannot
get back there without carrying his office there,
and ltis office never can get back.
Is it not true that this proviso provides a
different tenure for the Cabinet officers from
what the first and operative part of the section
provides? If this ollice or this officer goes
back, this very incumbent goes back ; he gets a
tenure that will last forever, that is, until the
Senate consents to his removal. How absurd
a result that is, to give to this poor President
control of his Cabinet, that those that he ap-
pointed himself, if he should happen to be
reelected, he could get rid of in a month, and
those that Mr. Lincoln appointed for him from
the beginning, and before he bad any choice
iu it, he must hold on to ioi ever till you consent
that they shall go out; that those in regard to
whom he had the choice of nomination he may
by the expiration of the statutory term be freed
from, but those that lie had nothing to do
with tho appointment of shall last forever till
you consent to release him specifically from
them. That is the necessary result of carry-
ing him personally back, and Mr. Stanton
would hold under the next President—if any
of you can name liini, I will supply in the
argument his name—I can name several;
whether it is the President that is to come in
by removal from office, or the President by
the election of the people in the autumn.
Either way lie would have a choice to relieve
himself from the Secretaries. Is'o; 1 think they
would all then be in shape for him, all having
been appointed by somebody that had pre-
ceded him, and he would not have any chance
at all.
Such absurdity, either in reasoning or in
piacUcal result, can never be countenanced by
the judgment of this court. If the office of
Secretary of War is within the proviso, and it
certainly is, as it is not contended that the
other Secretaries are not in their offices within
it, then Mr. Stanton is or is not protected by
the proviso. If he is not protected bvthe pro-
viso his case is not provided for. Now, sup-
pose that this proviso had contained a second
proviso following after the first, "and provided
further, that the persons now holding the offices
of Secretary of War, &c., who were appointed
and commissioned by Mr. Lincoln, shall not
be deemed within the above proviso, which
regulates the tenure of those offices," that
would not have carried the offices back under
the new tenure of the operative section, but
simply have provided that, the offices being
governed by the proviso, the incumbents,
under the particular circumstances of their
case, should not be oven protected by the
proviso; and this is the necessary construc-
tion of the act.
If this be tho real construction, there is the
end of the crime. Tf the construction be
equivocal or ambiguous, the honorable Man-
ager [Mr. Boctwell] says it would be abhor-
rent to every sense of justice to punish the
President for having erred in its construction;
but being so plain a case that nobody can say
two words on one side or the other of it, it is
more assumption to say that there is a doubt
or difficulty, and that an argument is neces-
sary. Well, we certainly have belied on the
one side and the other the proposition of this
absolute plainness, for we have spent a great
many words on this subject on the one side and
the other. This being so, let us consider what
the President did ; and assuming that the stat-
ute covers Mr. Stanton's case, assuming that
the removal of Mr. Stanton is prohibited by it
under the penalties, let us see what the Presi-
dent did.
I have said to you that Mr. Stanton had a
title to this office dependent on the President's
pleasure. Ho claimed, or others claimed for
him, that he had a tenure dependent on the
statute. The question of dependence on the
statute was a question to be mooted and determ-
ined as a novel one; the question of tenure
by appointment was indubitable : and the Pres-
ident proposed to put himself in tho attitude of
reducing the tenure of Mr. Stanton to his stat-
utory tenure at least. lie therefore issues a
paper which is a revocation of his commission,
a recall of his office, as it depends on presi-
dential appointment. Without that no ques-
tion over could be raised by any person upon
the statutory tenure, because the presidential
tenure would he an adequate answer to a quo
warranto. 'The President then, peaceably and
in writing, issued a paper which is served upon
Mr. Stanton, saying, in effect, " I, the Presi-
dent of the United Stales, by such authority as
I possess, relieve or remove you from the office
of' Secretary of War and that that recalled
and terminated the commission and the title
that was derived from presidential appoint-
ment nobody can deny.
Did the President proceed further? When
Mr. Stanton, as he might reasonably have ex-
pected; when, as upon the evidence ho did
probably calculate, instead of adhering to his
opinion that the tenure-of-office act was uncon-
stitutional and that the tenure-of-office act did
not include his title, refused to yield the only
title that on Mr. Stanton's profession he held,
to wit, tho presidential appointment, to this
recall, did the President then interpose force
to terminate his statutory title, or did he, hav-
ing thus reduced him to the condition of bis
statutory title, then propose and then act either
in submission to the power which Mr. Stanton
had over liini, or did he wish to have the ques-
tion of the statutory title determined at law?
H is enough to say that he did not do anything
in the way of force; that he expected in ad-
vance, as appears by his statements to General
Sherman, that Mr. Stanton would yield the
office. Why should Mr. Slanton not yield it?
The grounds on which he had put himself in
August were that his duty required him to hold
the office until Congress met; that is, to hold
it so that the presidential appointment could
not take effect without your concurrence. Con-
gress had met and was in session, and this
"public duty" of Mr. Stanton, on his own
statement, had expired. Mr. Stanton had told
him the act was unconstitutional and had aided
in writing the message that so disclosed the
presidential opinion to you.
He had concurred in the opinion that he was
not within the act. His retirement on this
order would be in submission to these views,
if not in submission to the views Senators here
had expressed that no man could be imagined
who would refuse to give up office in the Cab-
inet when desired by the President; but if that
predicament was excusable while this Senate
was not in session to prevent a bad appoint-
ment, if that was feared, how could it be a
reason when this Senate was in session? Mr.
Stanton having stated to General Thomas on
the first presentation of his credential that he
wanted to know whether he desired him to
vacate at once or would give him time to re-
move his private papers, and that having been
reported to the President the President re-
garded it as all settled, and so informed his
Cabinet, as you have permitted to be given in
evidence. After that, after the 21st, what act
is charged in this article? Up to and through
the 21st and the written order of removal and
its delivery to Mr. Stanton, and the repose of
the President upon that posture in which Mr.
.Stanton left it, what was done by the Presi-
dent about that office? Nothing whatever.
'There was a desire, an effort to seize upon a
movement made by Mr. Stanton, based upon
an affidavit, not that he had removed from
office, but sworn to on the 21st, and again on
the early morning of the 22d that he was still in
the ollice and held it against General Thomas,
and instantly tho President said, "Very well,
the matter is in court."
It might have gone into court on the trial of
an indictment against Thomas ; but a speedier
method was arrived at in the consultations of
the President with his counsel, to have ahabeas
corpus carried forward before the Supreme
Court, aud jump at that. Then Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Cartter, who, I take it, all who know him
understand to be one who sees as far into a
millstone as most people, put that cause out
of his court by its own weight and the habeas
corpus fell with it. That is all that is proved
and all that is done. I submit to you, there-
fore, that the case of a resistance or violation
of law does not at all arise. We do not even
get to the position of whether a formal and
peaceable violation for the purpose of raising
the question before the Supreme Couit was
allowable. A revocation of the presidential
title of Stanton was allowable ; a resistance of
the statutory title was not attempted ; and tho
matter stood precisely as it would stand if a
person was iu the habit of cutting wood on
your lot, and claimed a title to it, and meant
to have a right to cut wood there, and before
you went to law with him to determine the
right in an action of trespass you were careful
to withdraw a license terminable at will which
you had given him and under which he was
cutting wood. Withdraw your license before
you bring your action of trespass or you will
be beaten in it. Withdraw your license, and
then he cuts upon his claim of right, and your
action of trespass has its course aud determines
title. That was the situation.
All that is said about the right to violate
unconstitutional laws never can have the foot-
ing for consideration, where all that is done by
anybody is to put upon paper the case out of
which, as an instance, the judgment of a court
can be called for as to a violation or no viola-
tion. If there must be an intervention of force,
then a law may bo said to be violated and an
offender must suffer, accordingly as it^ shall
prove to be constitutional or unconstitutional.
Cut where theie is a Constitution as the pre-
dominant law, the statute as an inferior law,
and an executive mandate is issued by tho
President in pursuance of either one law or tho
o.-hcr, according to which is in force, for they
both cannot be, we suppose, then, he commits
no violation of the law in thus presenting for
consideration and determination the case.
We must, then, come either to intent, pur-
pose, motive, some force prepared, meditated,
