16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
coal, or as it would be to tax wool, or hay, or
wheat, or lierap, or any other raw product.
But 1 say it couies with a bad grace for the
representatives of the woolen interest to come
here and ask that, the cotton iuterest, with its
manifold advantage to the commercial, manu-
facturing. and industrial interests of the coun-
try. should be choked off in order that a sort
of galvanized, speculative life might be put into
the wool interest. [Laughter.] My own dis-
trict is largely interested iu the growth of wool;
but I am sure that no one of my constituents
ever dreamed that his own interest could be
promoted by destroying another of the great
leading interests of t(je nation. Fair play for
all and a fair chance for all is the principle
which shall govern my vote in this as in other
cases.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
be admitted by the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means and by others
who have spoken on this subject, that we have
got to take off the tax now imposed upon cot-
ton ; that the principle of imposing such a tax
is wrong, and that the interests of the country
were not subserved by the levying of that tax.
And yet it is undertaken to defend that .wrong
and unjust principle by continuing the tax for
another year.
It is stated by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logax] as a reason for continuing the
present tax that two thirds of the crop of
1S07 has already changed hands. Sir, I nave
papers before me, as I presume every other
gentleman has, of both a public and of a pri-
vate character, showing perfectly conclusively
that not twenty-five per cent, of the present
crop has changed ownership. We have circu-
lars and memorials of chambers of commerce,
boards of trade, and corporations which are
entitled to credit, informing us that the plant-
ers have been unwilling as yet to part with
their crop. And we know, so far as informa-
tion has been received, that every planter in
the South who has been able to hold a pound
of cotton has relied not only upon the gener-
osity Hut upon the good sense of Congress to
repeal this obnoxious and iniquitous tax at an
early day. They have not only petitioned Con-
gress, but they have waited under the pressure
of financial distress to avail themselves of
this just act at our hands. They have told us
in substance, as has been referred to by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] that they
considered us no longer in this regard 3s an
American Congress protecting American in-
dustry, but as a British Parliament. They
referred to this tax upon cotton as a British
measure.
Sir, if we had no other reason than that, we
might let it pass. But this measure was re-
ceived with indignation by the whole people
of the South. The curse of our tax, like chick-
ens, has come home to roost. We of the North
share in the desolation of the southern States.
Our trade is prostrate, and our industries of
every character are stagnant from the Penob-
scot to the Mississippi, and from the Atlantic
to the Pacific ocean. Every department of
business is partaking of this great lethargy
which results from unwise legislation.
I would reply to the argument of the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Co-
fode, J who says that this measure of relief would
imperil the interest on the public bonds, and
that we are in danger of being unable to pay
the interest on the public debt, by saying that
if we continue to act on these principles which
cramp the productive industry of the country,
as we are now doing, well may we fear that we
shall not be able to pay the interest on the
public debt. Why, Mr. Speaker, if during the
last year we had not taxed this great interest
of cotton, but, by leaving it untaxed, had stim-
ulated its production to another million bales,
the hundreds and thousands of millions of
articles of northern production which the
southern people would have consumed would
have drawn into our exchequer taxation which
would have outnumbered the tax we get on cot-
ton a doaenfold and over.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that the principle of
sustaining this wrong for another year—for it
is admitted to be a wrong by every gentleman
in this House—has no analogy in any of the
revenue bills which have passed this body in
the last six years. How was it when the wants
of this Government required increased revenue
to be derived by levying increased taxes upon
tea, coffee, wool, and upon every article which
is imported? Was the law-making power of
this Government prevented from imposing these
additional duties on the ground that it would
benefit those who had the articles on hand?
To my certain knowledge when the tax was
increased on the article of tea sufficient notice
was given in advance of the intended increase
to enable one firm in the city of New York, by
telegraphing to San Francisco and dispatching
the news to Shanghai, to make $1,000,000 on
what they had on hand. We can neither reduce
nor increase the duty upon any article in this
great country but that it must work in both
directions, to the advantage of individuals and
to the disadvantage of individuals. But the
question is, shall we do a national injustice to
a class of the community who have been deso-
lated by war and are not able to bear this
onerous taxation by telling them that this tax
upon cotton shall not be repealed now, but shall
be repealed next year? If we do, the same
degree of stagnation which has prevailed in the
markets of the South since this year's cotton
crop began to move will prevail for another
year, and no man will part with another pound
or bale of cotton until it is wrung from him by
the force of necessity. The loss to the com-
munity generally will far outweigh the gain
that can be made by any number of speculators
on the cotton now in their hands. And let me
inform the House that, it is not true to any
great extent that the cotton is held by specu-
lators. In some instances, doubtless, small
planters have been compelled to part with their
cotton, but more frequently they have raised
money on it as in the case of any other descrip-
tion of property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I propose
offering a few views for the consideration of the
members of the House in regard to the ques-
tion now presented. We seem at present to be
split, and split by a New York wedge. There
can be no doubt of the repeal of the cotton tax,
provided we let the machine go along without
throwing blocks in the way and turning to the'
right and to the left and getting it off the track.
Mr. Speaker, it is not now and never is my
purpose to malign or misrepresent or abuse
legislative bodies for having passed this law or
that law or the other. Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof. The question of the pro-
priety or impropriety of removing this tax is
one that has unquestionably addressed itself to
the mind of every member of this House. There
are reasons, and doubtless they were stronger
when the tax was imposed than they are now,
why a tax, should be placed on cotton. The
States where the cotton is mainly produced are
the States that dragged this Government into
rebellion, and cotton was the great lever that
was made use of to accomplish that end. Cot-
ton was declared to be king, and the negro slaves
of that country who raised nineteen twentieths
of the cotton were made the lever to work up
the public mind, and that brought about the
difficulty.
The negro man who raised the cotton never
went into the rebellion. He is to-day, as he
has ever been, loyal to the Government. 1
live in a cotton country, and I know how it was
before the rebellion, and I know how it is now.
! The negro man now, as before the war, is rais-
ing twenty pounds out of every twenty-one
pounds that are raised. He is a cultivator of
the soil, raising the raw material, and, like all
other laboring men, has no other capital but
his own labor. It is impossible for him to
have a great deal of money. What is the con-
sequence, then, inasmuch as his physical labor
is all that he has to depend upon? He hires
himself out for a certain portion of the crop,
which he has to dispose of as he best can, and
at once, in order to procure food and clothing
for his wife and children ; and thus it is that
to-day nineteen twentieths of the cotton of
that country is out of the hands of the men
who produce it; it has gone to the cotton
agents, who have control of it even before it is
picked.
Although the tax on cotton is not directly
paid until the cotton is shipped, yet it is bought
with the prospective knowledge that the tax
is to be paid, and in that way the producer is
made to bear the burden of the tax. Now
if we j)ass the bill proposed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks]—and he says
now is the time to pass it, that the tax should
be removed at once—the class who are really
entitled to be protected or benefited by the
repeal of this tax will derive no benefit from
it, but the speculator will derive all the ad-
vantage. I will not say these speculators live
in New York, for New Y'ork is not a manu-
facturing State to any great extent; they do
not raise the cotton there, but there is where
it goes.
Now let me state what has come under my
own observation, and within my own congres-
sional district. The moneyed Shy locks control
that country; they have mortgages 'on all the
large plantations in my district, and they hire
the negroes there by the hundred and by the
thousand. And what are they doing? They
; are paying the people so much cotton, or its
equivalent in other articles. The negroes have
, had to plant the cotton, and then they are
obliged to sell their share of it for their every-
day necessities, to these land-owners, or the
men who hold the mortgages, and thus the
laborers will be deprived of the benefits of this
bill. If I could see the justice of this bill I
would go for it, but I cannot.
And another thing, which comes right home
to the door of the American people. If you
take the tax off cotton, where will you let the
burden then fall? Upon wool. For my part,
' God knows I do not like to press very heavily
upon wool just now; I would rather it should
: press upon me; I need it. Now, it is the
policy of the American people to do what? Do
| not deprive the people of the great foreign
I market. Take the tax off every character of
j raw material raised in the United States. Pro-
tect your people against the foreign brokers
,^|ind Shylocks who are cutting them down in the
^fniarket everywhere. There has been a heavy
tax on cotton, and it has developed the whole
cotton region of British India. It is bringing
up the eastern country. To-day the system is
well matured. I am advised by the results of
investigations carried out in my State, by the
commercial board of Memphis, that our cotton
is being driven from the European market by
the tax which has been levied upon it by this
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I cannot favor either the propo-
sition reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means or the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] In
the first place it is proposed to take from the
internal revenue of the country one fifteenth
part of the whole amount derived from excise
without making any provision for decreasing
the expenditures of the Government. Now,
whenever we come to that point when the ex-
penses of the Government can be so reduced
that we can relieve the people of this burden
of taxation let us do it by exempting the ten or
fifteen bales of cotton of the small producer
instead of exempting the whole amount of cot-
ton raised in the country. And why? Because
this is the only method by which we can ever
compel France and England to pay any portion
of our national debt. If we retain the tax upon
cotton those countries will in fact be compelled
to contribute to the payment of our debt.
Gentlemen talk about the cotton of India
driving our product from the markets of the
world. Have they observed the fact that
while the year before last our percentage of
the cotton going into the Liverpool market wM
