3448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
district, one sent to the storekeeper ia charge of the
warehouse, to bo retained and filed in the warehouse,
and one sent with tho duplicate of the bond to the
Commissioner of Internal Reveniie, to be filed in his
offiee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I more to amend by insert-
ing in line thirty-four, after the word "shall,"
the words " on tho 1st, lltli, and 21st days of
each month, or %vithin five days thereafter;" so
as to make the paragraph read :
And the distiller or owner of all spirits so removed
to the distillery warehouse shall, on the 1st, 11th, and
21st days of each month, or within five days there-
after, enter the same for deposit, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend by striking
out after the word " warehouse," in line fifty-
six, the words '' and within one year from the
date of said bond.''
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out the word "law," in line fifty-eight,
and inserting in lien thereof "the provisions
of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following
amendment providing for the payment of the
tax at the distillery without putting the liquor
in the warehouse:
After the word "and,"in lino four, insert "unless
the tax thereon be (hen and there paid and thecasks
stamped; so that the section will read :
That all distilled spirits shall be drawn from the
receiving cisterns into casks or packages, each of not
less capacity than twenty gallons, wine measure, and
unless tho tax thereon he then and there paid and
the casks stamped, shall be immediately removed
into the distillery warehouse, &c.
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, Thatwhenevcran
order is received from the collector for the removal
from any warehouse of any cask or package of dis-
tilled spirits, on whiehthe tax has been paid, itshall
be the duty of tho ganger by whom the same is
gauged and inspected, in presence of thostorekeeper,
before such cask or package has left the warehouse,
to place upon the head thereof, in such manner as
to cover no portion of any brand or mark prescribed
j fth*eady placed thereon, a s^amp, on which
shall be engraved tho number of proof gallons con-
tained in said cask or package, on which the tax has
{*nd which shallbe signed by the collector
t/^e district, storekeeper, and gauger, and which
shall state the serial number of tho cask or pack-
ago, t e name of tho person by whom the tax was
paid, and the person to whom and the place where it
is to bo delivered; which stamp shall be as follows:
„ [Tax-paid stamp, No, —.1
- Received , 18—, from , tax on gallons
proof-spirit, case No. —,  warehouse at .for
delivery to at ,
Attest:
Collector
District, State of -
United States Storekeeper,
United States Gauocr.
Whenover any cask or packagc of rectified spirits
shall bo filled lor shipment, sale,or delivery on the
premised of any rcctifier who shall have paid the
special tax required by law, it shall be thodutyof
a united States gauger to gauge and inspect tho
same and place theroon an engraved stamp, which
shall be signed by the collector of tho district and tho
said gauger, and state the date when affixed, which
stamp bliall be as follows;
[Stamp for rectified spirits, No. —.]
Issued by , collector  district, State
o f .
 f rectifier of spirit* in the district, State
of , , 18 —.
United States Gauger.
Whenever any cask or package of distilled spirits
shall be filled for shipment, sale, or delivery on the
premises of any wholesale liquor dealer or com-
pounder, it rfhall be the duty of the United States
gauger to gauge and inspect the same, and place
thereon an engraved stamp, signed by thecollcctor
of the district and the said gauger, stating the name
ofthe compounder ordealer and the date when affixed,
which stamp shall bo as follows:
[Wholesale liquor-dealer's stamp, No. —.]
Issued by , collector   district, State
of .
 , wholesale liquor dealer, of , dis-
trict, State of , , IS —.
United States Ganger,
-—~ District, State of ,
All blanks in any of the above forma stall be duly
filled in accordance with the facts in each case. And
the stamps above designated shall be affixed so as to
fasten the same securely to the cask or package and
duly canceled, and shall then be immediately cov-
ered with a coating of transparent varnish or other
substance, so as to protect them from removal or
damage by exposure? and such affixing, cancellation,
and covering shall be done in such manner as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall by regula-
tion prescribe; but such stamps shall in every case
be affixed to a smooth surface of the cask or other
package, which surface shall not have been previ-
ously painted or covered with any substance.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by in-
serting before the word " warehouse," in line
three, the word u distillery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "law," in line nine, and in-
serting in lieu thereof "this act;"
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted  That all stamps
required for distilled spirits shall be engraved in their
several kinds in book form, and shall be issued by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to any collector,
upon his requisition, in such numbers as may be
necessary in the several districts. Bach stamp shall
have an engraved stub attached thereto with a num-
ber thereon corresponding with an engraved number
on tho stamp, and thestub shall not be removed from
the book. And thcro shall bo entored on the corre-
sponding stub such memoranda of the contents of
every stamp its shall bo necessary to preserve a por-
feet record of the use of such stamp when detached.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Skc. 25. Andbe it further enacted. That every stamp
for tho payment of tax on distilled spirits shall have
engraved thereon words and figures representing a
decimal number of gallons, and a similar number of
gallons shall be engraved on the stub corresponding
to such stamp, and between the stamp and the stub
and connecting them shall be'engraved nine cou-
pons,.which, beginning next to the stamp, shall indi-
cate in succession tho several numbers of gallons
between the number named in tho stamp and the
decimal number next above. And whenever any
collector shall receive the tax on the disiillcd spirits
contained m any cask or package, he'shall detach
from the book a stamp representing the denominate
quantity nearest to tho quantity of proof-spirits in
such cask or packagc, as shown by the gauger'sreturn,
with such number of the coupons attached thereto
as shall be necessary to make up the whole number
of proof gallons in said cask or package, and any
quantity in addition to the number of full gallons
less than one gallon shall be regarded as a full gal-
lon; and all unused coupons shall remain attached
to the marginal stub; and no coupon shall have an?
value or significance whatever when detached from
the stamp and stub. And tho tax-paid stamps wich
tho coupons may denote such number of gallons, not
less than twenty, as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may deem advisable.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as.follows :
Sec. 26. And be it farther enacted. That the books
of tax-paid stamps issued to any collector shall be
charged to his account at the full value of the tax on
the number of gallons represented on the stamps
contained in said books; and every collector shall
make a monthly return to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue of all tax-paid stamps issued by him to
be amxed to any cask or package containing distilled
spirits, on which tho tax has be#>n paid, and account
for the amount of the tax collected; and when tho
said collector shall return to tho Commissioner of
Internal Revenue any book of marginal stubs, which
itshall be his duty to do as soon as all the stamps
contained m the book, when issued to him from the
office of internal revenue, have been used, .and shall
have accountedfor, the tax on the numberof gallons
represented on the stamps and coupons that we*e
contained m said book, he shall be allowed a com-
mission, of half of one per cent, on the amount,
in addition to any other commission by la w allowed
on V* i"?,on,cy accounted for by him for tax eolleetcd
on distilled spiuts, which shall be equally divided
between the collector receiving the tax and tho col-
lector oi the district in which the distilled spirits
were produced. All stamps relating to distilled
spirits other than tho tax-paid stamps shall be
charged to collectors as representing the value of
twenty-five cents for each stamp; and thebook3 con-
taining such stamps may be intrusted by any -col-
lector to the gauger of the district, who shall make
a daily report to the assessor and collectorof all such
stamps used by him and for whom used, and from
these reports the assessor of the district shall on his
monthly list assess the person for whom they were
used, and the collector shall thereupon collect the
amount due for such stamps at the rate of twenty-
hve cents for each stamp issued during the "month-
and when all the stamps contained in any such boolc
shall have been issued the gaugorof the district shall
return the book to the collector with all the mar-
ginal stabs therein.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to a>mend by
inserting after the word " stamps," in line
four, the words "and coupons."
The amendment was agreed to.
t Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out at the end of the first sentence the
words which shall be equally divided between
the collector receiving the tax and the col-
lector of the district in which the distilled
spirits were produced,'J
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows r
Sec. 27. And he it further enacted, That any revenue
officer who shall affix or cancel, oreause or permit to
be affixed or canceled, any stamp relating to dis-
tilled spirits required Or provided for in this act, in
any other manner or in any other place, or who shall
issup the same to any other person than as provided
by law, or regulation made in pursuance thereof, or
who shall knowingly affix or permit to be affixed any
such stamp to ar>y cask or package of spirits of which
the whofe or any part has been distilled, reetifiecr,,
compounded, removed, or sold, in violation of law,
or which has in any manner escaped payment of tax
due thereon, shall, for every such offense, be fined
not less than $500 nor more than $3;0OO, and' be^
imprisoned for not less than six months nor more
than three years.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
_ Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That if any dis-
tiller shall desire to reduce the producing capacity
of his distillery, he shall give nonce of such inten-
tion in writing to said assessor, stating the quantity
of spirits which he desii*es thereafter to manufacture
or produce every twenty-four hours, and thereopois
said assessor shall proceed, at the expense of the dis-
tiller, to reduce and limit the producing capacity of
the distillery to the quantity stated in said notice,
by placing upon a sufficient number of the ferinent-
ing-tubs close-fitting covers, which shall be seeurely
fastened by nails, seals, and otherwise, and in such
manner a-4 to prevent the use of such tubs without
removing said covers or breaking said seals, and shall
adopt such other precautions as shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Kevenue U> reduce
the capacity of said distillery. And any person who
shall break, injure, or in any manner tamper with
any lock, seal, or other fastening applied to any fur-
nace, still, or fermenting-tub, or other vessel, in pur-
suance of the provisions of this art, or who-shall open
or attempt to open any door, tub, of other vessel
which shall have been locked or sealed, or otherwise
closed or fastened as herein provided, or who shall
use any furpace, still, orfermenting-tub, or other ves-
sel whichshall besolocked> sealed,or fastened,shall
be deemed guilty of a felony, and, on conviction, shall
be fined not less than $1,000, nor more than $-5,000;
and imprisoned for not less than one year, nor more
than three years.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted. That "whenever
any officer shall require that the water eontamed ia
any worm-tub in a distillery, at any time when the
still s: all not be at work, shall be drawn off, and the
tub and worm cleansed, the water shall forthwith be
drawn off ;md the tub and worm eleaased by the dis-
tiller or his workmen accordingly; and the water
shall be kept and continued out of such worm-tub
for the space of two hours, or uutil the officer has
tmished his examination thereof? and for smy refusal
or neglect to comply with the requisition of tbeofficer
in tins behalf, or the provision in this clause con-
tained, the distiller shall forfeit the sum of $1,00$.
ana it shall be lawful for the officer to dravr off sudh
water, or any portion of it, and to keep- the same
aiawn oL foy so long a time as he shall think neces-
sary.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
that section 5 and I desire to ask unanimous
consent to say a word in explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not in order to
ask unanimous conscnt?
The CHAIRMAN. Unanimous consent can-
not do away with the order of the House that
debate shall terminate on these sections.
Mr. INGERSOLL, The eommittee. by*
unanimous consent, may do so in effect. I
only ask to make a brief explanation.
Mr. MULLINS. I object.
Mr. INGrBKSOLI* I should like the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
to give one good reason why this should be
retained.
The committee divided ; and there were 
a^rpS ^ ^oes 76 ; no quorum voting.
letters were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Ingersoll were appointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will gentlemen allow
me to have a vote in the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot agree to that.
The committee again divided; ai>d th e tellers
reported—ayes 20, noes 90.
So the amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Olerk read the next section, as follows :
1 And be '* fur,her enacted. That it shall be
lawlut tor any revenue offieor, at all times, as well by
fn ht as by day, to enter into any distillery, or build-
ing, or place, used for the business oi distil ling, or
