1-868
THE C<MM*RESSK>2fAL GLOBE.
2425
posed in the bill introduced by the gentleman
from "Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] which is a
measure of the same species as this—I am cer-
tainly in favor of this bill with the proviso as
reported by the committee. But, as I have
already remarked, I have no faith at all in this
kind of legislation. •
Now, sir. I will say that while on one rail-
road in California a much lfjwer percentage
may answer than that now charged, upon an-
other as much as it is charging or something
near it is necessary. Let me state, for the in-
formation of the House, that on the railroad
from San Francisco to San Jos6, running a
distance of fifty-five miles, the charge for pas-
sengers is $2 CO, a little less than five cents per
mile, which, I believe, is more than is charged
on eastern roads ; and at the same time there
is a competing line by steamer from San Fran-
cisco to San Jos6.
Mr. PKUYN. The gentleman means $2 50
in gold.
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, sir. Let me state further
that, in my judgment, when the railroad is com-
pleted from. Sacramento to intersect the San
Jos6 road, or to reach San Francisco by some
other route, passengers and freight can be car-
ried as cheaply between Sacramento and San
Francisco as they are carried between San Jos6
and San Francisco. But gentlemen must bear
in mind the difference in the grades on differ-
ent roads. For instance, between Sacramento
and the Summit, a distance of a little over one
hundred miles, there is an elevation of over six
thousand feet. We all know that it costs more
to carry freight and passengers over a road with
such a grade than it does on a yoad with little
or no grade. I presume that between San
Francisco and San Jos6 the elevation is not
more than two hundred feet in the fifty-five
miles between those two points.
From this statement it must be obvious that
different roads must have different charges.
And I do not conceive that three men to be
designated by Congress—fallible men like all
others—can ever graduate satisfactorily the
charges for passage and freight upon these sev-
eral railroads. It is possible that on the Kan-
sas branch freight and passengers can be car-
ried for less money than on other parts of the
Pacific railroad route. I do not know about
that, and I do not profess to give an opinion.
Certainly the further you get into the interior
the more it will cost.
Now, sir, my proposition would be to get at
a thorough investigation for proper legislation
on this subject, either through the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad or have a special com-
mittee for that purposei Let them make a
thorough examination, ascertain what these
roads can carry freight and passengers for,
and then let Congress fix the limitation for
these different roads, that is, the amounts over
which they shall not charge. If we would pro-
ceed in this way I would have great gratifica-
tion in that line of legislation. It would have
a far better effect than the way in which we
are now proceeding. As I have said before?
I have no faith in it.
Let Congress fix the price, and not individ-
uals. I think this body is capable of getting
information and settling the prices as well as
any three men, more or less, outside of Con-
gress.
I believe that the railroads are charging for
freight and passengers about the same price
paid upon our stages. Let me illustrate. We
can go from San Francisco to Stockton by j
steamer, one hundred and twenty miles, and |
we have to pay five dollars for the passage, I
beside what we have to pay for meals and
berth. We can go from San Francisco to
Sacramento, another line, about one hundred
and twenty miles, and the price for the passage
is five dollars, beside the charges for meals
and berth. When I get to Stockton I give five
dollars for stage passage from that point to my
residence, forty-five miles, a little more than
ten cents per mile. When I get to Sacramento
I pay seven dollars to go to my home, seventy
miles by railroad and stage, which is ten cents
per mile exactly. We have had a railroad con-
structed on that line for almost ten years, over
which we travel now. .We have twenty-eight
miles distance to go by stage. So the House
caa see that railroads charge about the same
as the stages charged. On the Pacific rail-
road they charge about the same that the stages
charged, no more, perhaps a little less. I think
it is very much more than fifteen cents per mile.
I am willing to assume the responsibility of
making this investigation, whether this House
sees fit to have a committee on purpose to
ascertain what these different roads can carry
freight for or not. The reason why I am not
in favor of the bill as it came from the com-
mittee, providing they make us act on this
line, is because by it we are changing the rail-
road law itself, I am not disposed to change
it and to pursue this method of leaving the
matter to three men. If wo are going to change
it let us change it thoroughly and do justice.
Let us understand the matter and not leave it
to three men. If the House will assume this
course and this direction I will readily join in
that line.
I am not disposed, but I will not be loud-
mouthed about it, to leave the railroads to
charge enormous prices over and above what
they should charge ; but I am disposed when
we do anything we shall do it with our eyes
open and understandingly. That is the proper
course. I am not going to limit the railroads
simply because the companies will not carry
freight and passengers for less than the ex-
pense of doing so. I am in favor of a proper
adjustment as between the interests of the peo-
ple and the railroad companies. This is the
proper course to be pursued. If this be the
course decided upon, if the subject be recom-
mitted, I ask that they shall have power to
take testimony. Then let that committee report
on the subject in the method proposed. If it
be desired let the subject go to a special com-
mittee for investigation. What I desire is a
thorough investigation and intelligent action.
I have said all I desire to say on this subject.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a few words on this subject, not only as a
member of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, but as having experience in connection
with the working of railroads. I have organ-
ized one of the heaviest transportation com-
panies which has ever been conducted or car-
ried on on this continent. I understand fully
the advantages and disadvantages of the situ-
ation as compared with the transportation
company I have organized. In Pennsylvania
we can carry tonnage for one third of what it
can be carried on the Pacific railroad.^ One
reason is that we have fuel along the line of
our roads, while on the Pacific railroad there
is neither coal or wood from the valley of the
Missouri to the Laramie plains, a distance of
seven hundred miles, and on a portion of this
road the fuel has to be transported at least
half that distance.
I looked at this question ten years ago and
examined the valley of the Platte, and subse-
quently procured the passage of an act in the
Legislature of Nebraska in view of getting a
land grant to build a road in the Platte valley
where it is now constructed. I organized a
company there, and then went to the valley of
the Kaw and examined the Republican fork
down to Kansas City, at its mouth. Familiar
with all this subject, and coming back to friends
who had money and were ready to invest in
railroad enterprises, they declared that they
would not take the risk of this enterprise in a
country where there was no population. They
said there would not be tonnage enough to
justify the expenditure.
Others have engaged in the enterprise. I am
glad they have done so. I declined to take an
interest in the present organization or put
money into it or advise my friends, who were
men of capital, to do so. But others, more
patrioticprobably, willing to sacrifice more for
the benefit of the country than my friends were
ready to do, have put their money into it.
They have constructed this road. And now
what do we hear 1 The gentleman from Ivan-
sas, [Mr. Clakke,] in his remarks, reflects
upon the capitalists as a combination to con-
trol and fix the rates of fare and freight in his
own State. Sir, if it had not been for the
money of the Bast invested in constructing
railroads, where would Kansas, particularly-
western Kansas, be to-day?
I ask gentlemen to look at this question
fairly. The time has not come to fix the
prices. The original bill provided that on the
completion of the road Congress should fix the
rates. Now, the proposition is made to take
it out of the hands of Congress and put it into
the hands of whom? Of three gentlemen.
Why, if I owned the Pacific railroad, I would
not hesitate to say, if I wanted to charge im-
proper prices, I could buy three men cheaper
than I could buy two hundred. [Laughter.]
I know what can be done in the railroad busi-
ness. Remember that these men are purchas-
able if members of Congress are; and who
should know better than a Representative of
the people what the wants of the people are?
And yet, strange as it may appeal-, you pro-
pose to take this question out of the hands of
the people's Representatives and put it into the
hands of three men! I am against that folly;
and gentlemen on this floor know I have
already found Cabinet ministers were not
always above the reach of improper moneyed
influences.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I have heard many
speeches during this session of Congress on
the subject of railroad monopolies, of the ex-
tortion of railroad companies in their charges
for freight and passengers, of the enormous
grants made to railroad corporations, and of
the men who have enriched themselves by
building railroads. I wish to say that, so far
as my knowledge extends, in the western coun-
try, where I was born and raised, and where
I claim to know something about railroads,
that all this talk is bosh. With possibly two
exceptions there is not a road in the West, so
far as I know, that the original projectors—the
men who first put their money in them—have
not lost from fifty to seventy-five per cent, of
all they invested. The exceptions are the
Illinois Central railroad and Hannibal and St.
Joseph railroad. Most of these roads havo
been sold out under their mortgage debts and
passed into other hands in order to get money
enough to run them and keep them up.
Sir, these railroads, which itseemsso popular
to denounce and decry, have made the West
what it is. Gentlemen on this floor represent-
ing constituencies numbering ten or twenty
thousand, whose districts would be trackless
wildernesses at this hour but for these rail-
roads, denounce these railroad companies.
The towns, cities, villages, and farms all over
the West are the product of these railroads.
And while, in many instances, exorbitant
charges are made by railroad companies, and
the people of Kansas and along the line of
the main branch of the Union Pacific rail-
road may suffer some inconvenience from the
high tariff on freight and passengers; and
while these corporations, which, I concede,
have no souls, probably may ask more than
they ought, I wish to enter my protest against
this wholesale denunciation of the railroads of
the West as being a disadvantage, and in all
cases crushing out the energies of the people.
Illinois has five hundred thousand inhabitants
to-day, and the Government is collecting tax
on millions of dollars of property that is the
direct product of the Illinois Central railroad.
The whole of north Missouri teems with a
population that has been brought to that
country by the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road. There is no railroad in the West that
has not made threefold compensation lor all
the State or national aid granted to tnem by
the increase of wealth and population and
the development of the country.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will the gentle-
