1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
very small, we last year famished fifty-three j
per cent, of all the cotton imported into Eng-
land? We shall continue to go on in that
direction until we resume our old position as
the cotton-producing nation of the world.
Again, sir. by removing this tax on cotton
we shall inevitably depress still further the
manufactures of the country, already seriously
depressed. By means of the drawback upon the
excise tax, now allowed to the manufacturer
of eotton, we have been enabled to commence
the exportation of cotton manufactures. If the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] will
consult the columns of his own journal he will
fiud by the returns from week to week and from
month to month that we have commenced the
exportation of coarse and heavy cotton goods.
Thus we obtain money from abroad in return
for our cotton and the labor expended in its
manufacture, instead of exporting bonds or
gold to pay for the products of foreign labor.
By removing the tax upon cotton we strike
out one fifteenth part of all the revenue derived
from internal taxation; and I doubt whether ;
there will be left in the South sufficient objects j
of taxation to pay the expense of assessing and
collecting taxes there. If we adopt this meas-
ure we had better abandon altogether the idea
of levying taxation in that section of the coun-
try. Before taking a step in this direction we
would do well to pause and consider carefully
whether we can dispense with so large a portion
of our internal revenue and still maintain the
faith and credit of the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the cotton
tax was when imposed admitted to be an
entirely exceptional mode of taxation. It was
understood on all, hands to be a temporary
measure^ defensible only on the ground of our j
great necessities, and because the price of cot-
ton was so unusually high that it was believed
this tax would for a short time be levied and fall
principally upon the consumer, and not operate
as a local tax upon production. For the first
fear it probably worked in that way, and was a
tax valuable to the Government, and not inju-
rious to productive industry. It, however, was
always in danger of being considered a sec-
tional and therefore an odious tax. It was
explicitly declared at the time of its passage a
temporary measure to meet a great emergency,
and intended to last only until the falling price
of cotton should demand its removal. Now
the price has fallen. The conditions under
which it was intended in the first place to remove
the tax exist at the present time. I there-
fore, on the general ground of justice, in favor
of its repeal.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. This tax gives the Govern-
ment $25,000,000 of revenue. Now, if we
remove this tax on cotton on what other inter-
est of that section does the gentleman pro-
pose to collect that amount? if I find there is
any other interest upon which it would be less
burdensome I do not know that I should seri-
ously object.
Mr. GARFIELD. We are not bound to
find $2-5,000,000 anywhere. If the South have
not a sufficient amount of property, such as is
generally subject to taxation, on which to raise
$25,000,000, it is conclusive that we ought not
to levy that amount of tax on them. If, on
the contrary, we can in the legitimate way, as
we do in other portions of the country, raise
the requisite revenue from the South, I am
sure the Committee of Ways and Means will
consider and report in favor of such measures
of taxation as will secure it.
I insist, sir, that the cotton tax was at the
time it was imposed declared to be exceptional,
and the terms and conditions upon which it
was founded having now passed away, we are
no longer entitled to exact it.
Now, sir, in the next place I affirm, as a
matter of statesmanship, the continuation ot
this tax on cotton is in a high degree injurious
to the great cotton interests of this country. I
cannot agree with the gentleman from New
40th Coxa. 2d Shss.—No. 2.
Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] who speaks in behalf
of the spinning interest, that we are in the
ascendant to such a degree that we ean hold
our place in the cotton production of the world
with this tax retained. It is palpably evident
for the last six years we have been losing the
first place among the cotton-growers of the
world. It is perfectly manifest from the clear
and able report of the special commissioner
of the revenue that we have fallen off in the
product of cotton this year from what it was
even last year. Six years ago we produced
seven eighths of the cotton crop of the world,
and to-day we produce only about one half.
England "developed the culture of cotton in
India, Egypt, and South America to a degree
that makes it a question whether we can ever
regain our rank among the cotton-growers of
the world. We cannot afford to give a bounty
to Europe to encourage the growth of foreign
cotton. We cannot afford to create for the
spinners of the world a better cotton market in
Asia than our own. We cannot afford to lose
the exchange which our cotton brings us for
the sake of the revenue which we derive from
this two and a half cents per pound on home-
grown cotton.
I am, therefore, on the ground of national
policy, in favor of removing this tax. But I
rose to speak more particularly in regard to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] to which I trust the House
will not agree. In a letter received by me
only two days ago a very full statement is made
of the condition of the cotton product in the
United States, and it agrees perfectly with the
remarks which fell from the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] not now in his seat.
There is in it a farther stateipept which I think
ought to be in the possession of this House. It
is this: in expectation that the tax would be
repealed the cotton speculators and shippers
have bought up from the farmers and planters
all over the South a large part of their cotton,
and that cotton thus purchased ia is one of two
conditions, either it has been shipped to gome
bonded warehouse and has not paid the tax,
lying there in the hands of the speculators to be
taken out and sold when the tax is removed oar
the tax on it has been paid. In regard to this
latter class I am told a large combination has
been formed, with a man who once ran for the
vice presidency of the United States at its head^
and notices have been circulated among the
planters that they will undertake to restore the
tax already paid for half of the proceeds. If
we repeal the law, to take effect immediately,
it will open the way for an equitable demand
upon us to refund the tax already collected on
the crop of 1887. If, then, this tax should be
refunded, these speculators will get one half
of the two and a half cents per pound that
has already been paid in. These circulars are
scattered broadcast through the South at this_
time, and men who are in charge of the mat-*
ter are urging their friends to press upon all
the members of Congress to hurry the bill
through now, before "this radical and prodi-
gal Congress," as they call us, has so depleted
the Treasury that they cannot find money enough
to answer the demands of their schemes. Let
the repeal apply, therefore, only to the cotton
which shall be grown hereafter. It will avoid
complication in the administration of the law,
injustice to those concerned in cotton raising,
and corruption and fraud on the part of those
who have formed the scheme to which I have
referred.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to go over the ground occupied by the
gentlemen who have preceded me in respect to
the cotton tax. I have always been opposed
to it for the reason that influences the gentle-
man from Ohio. In the first place it was an
exceptional tax, so conceded; in the next
place I thought it unjust and impolitic. So
long as cotton commanded a high price this
tax was not so much felt. It was not a matter
of so much consequence to the producer when
this tax was put on as it has assumed to be during
the present depressed condition of the eotton ;
interest. Still it was an impolitic measure.
Being opposed, therefore, to this tax from the
beginning, my first impulse was to agree to some-
thing like the proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to take off the
tax at once. On examining the question, how-
ever, I came to the conclusion tliat we could
j not do so justly without refunding to those who
j have already paid taxes upon the present year's
' crop. Upon inquiry at the Treasury Depart-
ment, and at the office of the Commissioner of
1 Internal Revenue, I ascertained further that
i this act could never be carried out without great
trouble and considerable cost, and even then
! perhaps not very satisfactorily. I also ascer-
tained, upon inquiry of those who are more
familiar with the subject of cotton-growing than
I am, that by this time the greater portion of
the small producers, the poor men who are
i engaged ingrowing cotton, have already parted
, with their crop and paid the tax on it, or at
least have sold it at a price corresponding to
the addition of the tax. In that view of the
case, to adopt the proposition of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] it seems to me
j would have the effect to take from these peo-
ple the amount they have already paid in taxes.
It would be a discrimination against men who
are least able to submit to the loss.
Mr. BARNES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask if the tariff act of 1846 did not levy
a duty on tea, and if the tariff of 1852 (I think)
did not repeal that duty; and further, if the
Government ever tfndertook to refund any
loss that resulted to those who had paid the
duties which the Government had taken off?
Mr. NIBLACK. My recollection is not
Clear *on those poifits, and I cannot attempt
to go into them now. It matters not what may
have beeti done in the past on this subject of
taxation, or the tariff, or whatever else may
fertain to the financial interests of the country,
am coming at this as a present question, and,
as I remarked, we cannot adopt the proposition
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
without discriminating against a class of pro-
ducers least able to submit to this loss. That
is the whole ground of my objection to it. I
came to the conclusion first for the purpose of
' promoting harmony in the committee, and
next on a practical and at the same time a fair
and equitable way of disposing of the question,
to allow this repeal to apply to the crop here-
after to be grown. Consequently I agree with
the proposition reported by the chairman of
the committee, and shall feel compelled to vote
to sustain it as the best we can do under all the
circumstances.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, the only prac-
tical difference that I observe among gentlemen
on this question is with reference to the time
when this proposed exemption shall apply.
Now I am not surprised at the distinguished
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] nor
his colleague, [Mr. Barnes,] proposing to
make the tax take effect immediately, because
the effect of such legislation would be in the
interest of their immediate constituents—an
interest, in my judgment, equal to $10,000,000.
It is a question, therefore, with us whether we
will follow their lead in that kind of legisla-
tion, or whether that $10,000,000 shall con-
tinue in the Treasury of the United States.
Now, if this tax is an unjust one, (and I am
inclined to think, indeed I believe at the pres-
ent time that cotton cannot be produced with
profit in this country with a tax of two and a
half cents per pound,) if it is an unjust tax
then it should be refunded to the producer of
the cotton, and not to the men who have gam-
bled on our legislation for the last thirty days.
Therefore, if this tax is to be removed at all,
inasmuch as itsremoval cannot benefit the ften
who have produced the article by their toil, let
us see to it that the Treasury of the United
States receives the benefit of the tax until the
crop of 1868 is produced.
For myself I would have been opposed to
introducing any bill upon this question of cot-
ton until we considered the general subjeet of
a reduction of taxation were it not for tho fact
