1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
again in this, and the decision has in each case
been sustained by tlie House on a vote by the
yeas and nays, thereby becoming a part of the
parliamentary law of the House, that when a
motion to suspend the rules so as to require
immediate action is pending it suspends all
other motions until the vote is taken, because
otherwise it would practically require four
fifths to suspend the rules instead of two
thirds. That having been the decision of the
House, the Chair couid have declined to en-
tertain the appeal on the ground that the ap-
peal arose under the rules of the House which
it was proposed to suspend; but he desired
again to give gentlemen an opportunity to test
the question by the yeas and nays, which they
have done. He now declines to entertain any
dilatory motion whatsoever.
Mr. WOOD. L desire to ask the Chair if
he would entertain the point that the resolu-
tions, upon their face, are out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not, the
House having decided by a two-thirds vote
that the resolutions shall be received and voted
uponimmediately.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. All we care for is to be
forced. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. As all the rules have been sus-
pended, and there are none now in force, I
desire to occupy an hour or two in making a
speech.
The SPEAKER. Those rules have been
suspended which it was necessary to suspend
to accomplish a particular purpose. The ques-
tion is upon ordering the yeas and nays upon
the resolutions submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were thirty-three in
the affirmative.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. ROSS called for tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ross and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-five, noes
not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the reso-
lutions of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania; and
it was decided in tlie affirmative—yeas 124, nays
42, not voting 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James Al. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin. Banks, Beanian, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blame. Blair, Uoutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Butler, Oike, Cary, Churchill, Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Oullorn, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, L'g-
glcston, Eliot, Earnsworth, l'eni.-o. Ferry, luelds,
Gravely, Griswold, ila^ev, Harding, Higby, Hill,
Iloopcr. Hopkins, Cne-'Ur I), Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoli, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelscy, Ketcbaui, Kitchen, Laiiin, George V. Law-
rence, >Viihatn Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCaithy,
MoCluig, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
reil, Mullins, Myers,Neivuomb, Kunn, O'iNeiJl.Oith,
Paine, Perham. Peters, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schene.k, Scofield,
Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweathei, Am on
P. Stevens, Tbaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taife, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Twiche'l, Upson, Van Aeruam, Kurt
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadvvalader C. Wash-
burn, Eiihu B. Wnshburne, WiUium B. Washburn,
Wellscr, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—1J4.
KAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtoll, Barnes,
Barmim, Beck, Boyer, Biooks, Burr, Eidridge, Octz,
Glossbrenner, Goiladay, Ixrover, iiaight, Jlolnum,
llotchUias, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCormick, McOnllough, Morgan. Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Piuyn,
llandall, Ross, Sitgreavea, Stone, Tabcr, Lawrcnee
S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodward—4I.
NOT VO I'lNG—Messrs.Benjamin, Clianlcr, Dixon,
Donnelly, Ela, Kinney, Pox, U.irfield, Hawkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, Koontz,
Maytiard, Plants, Pomeioy, Robinson, Shetlabar-
ger, Stewart, Thomas, John Trioible, Robert X.
Van Horn, Henry L>. Washburn. and William Wil-
liams—25.
So the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolutions
were adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the following
committees under the resolutions just adopted :
Committee to communicate to the Senate the
action of the llovse ordering an impeachment
of the President of the United States.—Tiiad-
Weus Stevess, of Pennsylvania, and John A.
Uikoham. of Ohio.
Committee to declare Articles of Impeach-
ment against the President of the United States.
—George S. Boutwell, of Massachusetts;
Txiaddeus Stevexs, of Pennsylvania; Johx
A. Bixoham, of Ohio ; .Tames E. Wilson, of
Iowa ; J onx A. Logax, of Illinois; George W.
Juj.iax, of Indiana ; and Hamilton AVakd, of
New York.
And then, on motion of Mr. DRIGGS, (at
six o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The petitions of J.
II. Sawyer and others; of John Iiolt; of
Samuel Fay and others, all of Lowell, Massa-
chusetts, and all relating to taxation and the
public expenditures.
Also, the petition of P. J. Fenois and others,
citizens of Boston and Roxbury, Massachu-
setts, relating to the abolition of the office of
President of tlie United States.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: A memorial of
Daniel Wilson, a soldier in the war of 1812,
asking that his pension may commence from
the date of his disability.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: A memorial
of citizens of York county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a reduction of the burdens of taxation
and for economy in the expenditures of the
Government in all its departments ; also for a
revision and such readjustment of the revenue
laws as will diminish the army of spies and
tax-gatherers who now invade the homes and
work-sheps of the American people.
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petition of citi-
zens of Virginia, asking Congress to declare a
certain road a po*t road.
By Mr. LAFL1N : The petition of Roxana
Kimball, of Watertown, Jefferson county, New
York, praying for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Elias Crandall and others, citizens of Scioto
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the ware-
housing system, and the repeal of the law estab-
lishing bonded warehouses.
IN SENATE.
tuesdat, February 25, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. John Hall, D. D., of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mr. hauyet's action in 1861.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand a copy
of the missing dispatches of Mr. Harvey, to
which reference was made the other day im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal. It
will be remembered that the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] introduced a letter from Mr.
Harvey, in which he denied sending certain
dispatches from Washington to Charleston
giving information with regard to the proposed
withdrawal of our troops from Fort Sumter.
The" Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron,] who at that time was Secretary of War,
mentioned that ho had for a long time carried
in his pocket a copy of those dispatches, but
that a year ago or so they disappeared. I
mentioned that at the time 1 had a copy of the
dispatches, and i thought I could find it, but
I was not sure. Since then, on making a
search, I found my copy. Before reading it I
ought to say how I came to have it. It will be
remembered by Senators that at an inform;.!
meeting a committee was appointed to wait
on Mr. Lincoln and ask him to withdraw Mr.
Harvey from Lisbon, on the ground that im-
mediately before the attack on Fort Sumter
he had open communications with persons in
Charleston, through whom he sent important
information. A committee was appointed to
wait upon the President. Of that committee I
happened to be the chairman. With me was Mr.
Dooutti.e—I name him for convenience sake
—and Mr. Foot, of Vermont, now deceased.
I will not mention ivhat passed hetween the
committee and the President; but it was at
that time, and as a member of that commit-
tee, that I found it my duty to put myself in
communication with the Secretary of War, who
then put m my hands, confidentially, copies of
dispatches which had been sent to him after he
became Secretary of War from the telegraph
office here in Washington. I will read them.
The first has this date: " Sent from Washing-
ton telegraph office, March 7, 1861," and is as
follows:
Hon. A. G. Magrath, Charleston, South Carolina—
I think Mr. Magrath was mayor of the city,
but I am not sure—
Final order still reserved. No decision reached
in Council yesterday, though six for withdrawal and
one against. This is private. Is it true your people
will oppose voluntary withdrawal and demand formal
capitulation? If so, friends of peace here are_pow-
erless. JAMES E. HARVEY.
I am told Magrath was judge of the United
States court. The next one has this date :
" Sent from Washington telegraph office, March
11,1801." It is as follows :
Hon. A. G. Magrath, James L. Pf.tigru, Hon. B.
P. Dunkin, and Miss S. C. 11 aevey, Charleston, S. C. :
Orders issued for withdrawal of Anderson's com-
mand. Seott declares it military necessity. Thisia
private. JAMES E. HARVEY.
The next one has written under it " no date."
It is as follows :
Hon. A. G. magratn, Charlestoil. South Carolina:
Great efforts making to reconsider withdrawal,
but will fail. Pinal consultation to-morrow.
JAMES E. HARVEY.
The next is dated, " Sent from Washington
telegraph office, March 18, 1801," and is as
follows :
Hon. A. G. Magrath, Charleston, South Carolina:
My information is direct and positive. Nothing
butforms delay consummation. Few day;; will verify
this assurance. JAMES E. HARVEY.
The next is in a different form, and, it will
appear, is not signed by Mr. Harvey. I read
the memorandum as furnished from the tele-
graph office:
Copy memorandum made by Woodliou.se, opera-
tor, at Washington oiiice:
Washington, April 6, 1861.
Hon. A. G. Maoratii, Charleston, South Carolina:
Positively determined not to withdraw Anderson.
Supplies, &e., immediately, supported by naval force
under Stringbam, if their landing be resisted.
A FRIEjXD.
Then underneath:
To Charleston oilicc. The above is by a respons-
ible man. CALDWELL.
Then again:
Sent by James B. Ilarvey, by telegraph, last Sat-
urday morning, Monday, April S.
In this same collection of telegrams are four
others, which were grouped with them by the
Department of War at the time, and were
furnished to me officially, as follows:
Henry J. Raymond, Times, JYew Y~orlc:
My nomination to Portugal was sent to Senate
without my knowledge and unanimously confirmed.
1 did, however, expect to be ofl'ered a position. Have
been associated with North American nearly twenty
years. ^ JAMES E. HARVEY.
Then again follows another, as follows:
Horace Gri:et/f.y, or C. A. Dana,
or llobert Carter, Tribune, New York:
My nomination to Portugal was sent to Senate
mtnout my knowledge and unanimously confirmed.
1 uicf, however. a position, trom what 1 had
neard. May be abio to serve you in another way.
W ill not leave abruptly, ilave been associated aa
emforand correspondent for North American nearly
twenty years. JAMES E. HARVEY.
Then comes another, as follows;
Mortox McMichat;l, Philadelphia:
My nomination to Portugal was sent to Senate
without my knowledge and unanimously confirmed.
JAMES E. HARVEY.
Then still another, as follows:
C. C. FuLTON, American, Baltimore:
My nomination for Portugal was made without
.pay knowledge and unanimously confirmed. I have
