1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4475
tliey cannot understand it. I ask that the joint
resolution be taken up and passed.
The joint resolution (S. No. 172) to con-
strue an act entitled "An act to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Andrew S. Core," was read
for information. It provides that the act to
which it refers shall be so construed as to
authorize and direct the accounting officers
to settle and close the accounts of Andrew
S. Core by crediting him with the amount of
such collectable or unaccounted for tax lists
or bills placed in his hands for collection as
they may be satisfied have been lost or destroyed
by reason of rebel raids and have not been
collected by him.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table and
received its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which thejoint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stephen g. 5iontano.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 553, to pay Stephen G.
Montano, a citizen of Peru, an unpaid balance
of money awarded to him by the mixed com-
mission authorized by the convention of Janu-
ary 12, 1°63, between the United States and
Peru ; which was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. WELKER. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lois clauk.
The next business on the Speaker's table was j
Senate bill No. 5G9, granting relief to Lois
Clark ; which was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and of the War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
william iienky otis.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate bill No. 279, for the relief of William
Henry Otis; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
accounts witii the status.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 94, directing
the Secretary of the Treasury, whenever any
State shall have been or may be in default for
the payment of interest or principal on invest-
ments in its stocks or bonds held by the United
States in trust, to retain the moneys due to
such States from the United States ; which was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that whenever any State shall have been,
or may be, in default of the payment of inter-
est or principal on investments in its stocks or
bonds held by the United States in trust, it
shall be the duty of the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury to retain the whole, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, of any moneys due on any
account from the United States to such State,
and to apply the same to the payment of such
principal and interest, or either, or to the rs-
imbursement of any sum of money advanced
by the United States on account of such inter-
est ; provided that there shall be an account
rendered in the first instance to the States in
default showing the amount of moneys that
have been withheld from the States in default
on account of sales of public lands, or on any
other account.
Mr. O RTII. I move that the bill be amended
by striking out all after the word "Provided,"
and inserting in lieu thereof that which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That there shall bo an account rendered in the first
instance to the several States, showing the amount
due to the United States from each State, or to the
States respectively fiom the United States, whether
on account of such investment and advance by the
United States, or onaceount of salesof public lands,
or on account of money advanced and expenses in-
curred in aid of the Government to suppress the re-
bellion ; and such account shall be so rendered as to
place all of the States upon tho same footing in
regaid to the adjustment of their respective accounts
with the United States, of whatever nature; and
whatever balnnco may be due to any State upon the
basis aioresaid shall be allowed and paid; and the
Treasurer of the United States shall call upon all
such States as may be in airears to the United States
for payment of whatever balance may be due from
such States respectively.
Mr. ORTH. I call the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I hope the gentleman
will not call upon us to vote upon such an
important bill as this without our knowing
anything about it.
Mr. ORTH. I will state what I know about
it. The object of the bill is to effect a settle-
ment of accounts between the United Stales
and the several States in regard to matters
growing out of the war, principally in regard
to the five per cent. fund. Tho passage of the
bill is required before the accounting officers
of the Treasury can settle those accounts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It looks to me as if this
was a bill to pay some of these State claims
which we have already once refused to pay.
Mr. ORTH. Not at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the bill will be
referred to a committee. Itproposes to settle
all the accounts of all the States of the Union,
which will include all the war claims.
Mr. ORTH. The object is merely to allow
a set-off, in order to effect a settlement of
unliquidated accounts between the States and
the General Government. It is for the benefit
of the General Government. I insist upon the
previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 39, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORTH. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will not insist
upon his opposition to this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist upon knowing
something about this very important bill before
I can vote upon it.
Mr. PAINE. I think there ought to be
either a better understanding of this bill, or
tellers upon ordering the previous question
upon it.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Orth and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes G6, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
Tho main question was then ordered, which
was upon the amendment of Mr. Orth.
:Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to apoint of order
upon the amendment. The bill itself is alittle
biil to authorize the United States to retain
from the amount due a State the sum for which
the State may be in default. The amendment
is a provision to cover up all the war claims of
all the States with the United States. The same
proposition has been up here in different shapes
this session, being at some times defeated and
at other times leferred. I take it that such a
proposition cannot be attached as an amend-
ment to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Without deciding whether
the amendment would have been ruled ger-
mane if the point had been made in time, the
Chair will state that it is now too late to raise
the point. The amendment has been received
and debated for some time. The previous ques-
tion has been seconded and the main question
ordered to be put upon the bill and amend-
ment. The argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scopield] as to the rele-
vancy of the amendment might have force if
addiessed to the House as a reason why the
amendment should not, be agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The amendmentisavery
big thing.
Air. WELKER. I desire to inquire of tho
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Obtii] whether
the purport and effect of this joint resolution
is not to authorize the decision of a question
which has been in controversy for some years,
affecting the States of Illinois, Indiana, and
Ohio, a question growing out of the construc-
tion of the national road through those States.
As I understand^ this is a proposition coming
from the State of Illinois, that State claiming
from the General Government two or three
million dollars, said to have been derived by
the General Government from the sale of pub-
lic lands that were donated to construct the
national road through the States 1 have named.
1 understand that this bill involves that ques-
tion, which has been submttted to the Treas-
ury Department, referred to the Comptroller
of the Treasury, and by him decided against
the claim of Illinois, and that the purpose of
this bill is to place that claim in such a condi-
tion that it can be settled in another manner.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, is this debate in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, if any gentleman
objects. The House is acting undfer the opera-
tion of the previous question.
Mr. ORTH. I hope the gentleman will not
object to my making an explanation.
Mr. PILE. I do not object, at present.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, I will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] that
I know nothing of the claim of the State of
Illinois, to which he alludes.
Mr. WELKER. I do.
Mr. ORTH. My amendment can of course
have nothing to do with the State of Illinois or
the State of Ohio, unless those States have valid
claims against the Government. This bill, with
the amendment, presents to my mind one of
the simplest of all questions. The object is
simply to refer to the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department the question of the set-
tlement of the accounts between the Govern-
ment of the United States on the one part and
the different States of this Union on the other
part. It is not proposed that Congress shall
settle these accounts, but that they shall go to
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
The gentleman from Ohio, if lie observes the
words of the bill and the proviso which 1 have
offered, must see that they do not recognize
any claim that is not now valid against the
General Government; they do not revive any
claim upon which an adverse decision has been
made. The simple provision is that where the
Slate is indebted to the General Government
on account of trust funds, which is the case
with my own State, a proper deduction shall be
made therefor upon a settlement of the war
debts or any other matters standing between
the State and the United States. In other words,
it provides for a general settlement between the
Government of the United States and all the
States of this Union that may have claims
against the General Government.
Now, what objection can there be to such a
settlement as that? It is proposed to intrust
it to the officers of the General Government.
We do not propose to provide for the revival
of a single claim that has been decided upon
adversely by the Government or any Depart-
ment of the Government. It is simply pro-
vided that where valid claims now exist in
favor of the United States against any State,
those claims shall be investigated; if on the
other hand any State has a claim against the
United States, such claim is likewise to be in-
vestigated. Where any amount is found due
from the United States to the State, that amount
is to be paid; and where, on the contrary, a
balance is found due by the State, the United
Stales is xo call on the State for the payment
of that balance. The object is simply to ex-
