1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2427
■will concede, that the. grant to this railroad
corporation has been most liberal; and I im-
agine that the cost of construction will fall
much below the estimates which were made
when this corporation induced Congress to
issue to it United States bonds to the amount
of $16,000 per mile,' and for a portion of it
$32,000, and a portion at $48,000 per mile,
and to make it, in addition to that, a magnifi-
cent land grant—magnificent, at any rate, as
regards superficial measurement, and magnifi-
cent, I suppose, in its present and prospective
value. I admit that the value ofthe laud depends
largely on the road ; for wild land very distant
from railroad communication is almost worth-
less. That I concede; and in that view of the
case I have voted liberally for land grants,
believing tliat both the Government and the
people were the gainers thereby.
But, sir, by a comparison of the cost of
constructing railroads throughout the United
States, including California, I find that the
average cost of building and equipping railroads
in the State of Maine has been a trifle over
$33,000 per mile; in Alabama, $25,000; in
Arkansas, $20,000; in Illinois, $33,000; in
Wisconsin, $25,000; in Iowa, $35,000; in
California, $34,000 ; showing that it is no more
expensive to build and equip a railroad in Cal-
ifornia than it" has been in Illinois.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. INGEKSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HIGBY. Are not those estimates made
upon the basis of gold in California and cur-
rency in the other States?
Mr. INGEIISOLL. I presume so.
Mr. HIGBY. That explains the matter.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. So far as I know, there
was no difference worth mentioning between
the value of gold and the value of paper at
the time this estimate was made. So that
does not explain the matter.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Is there not a great
deal of difference in the equipment of the dif-
ferent roads?
Mr. INGERSOLL! Most assuredly there
is ; and our roads in Illinois, as well as those
in Iowa, may be taken as a fair average, per-
haps better than a fair average, so far as equip-
ments are concerned. They are well equipped
roads. The highest average in the United
States for construction and equipment has not
exceeded $75,000 per mile, except perhaps
some few short-line roads in Massachusetts and
Pennsylvania.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. INGERSOLE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for a minute. I have other facts which
I wish to present.
Mr. HIGBY. The Central Pacific Com-
pany, in building its road, has paid Chinamen
thirty-five dollars per month and their board,
and other laborers at forty-five dollars per
month and their board; aiid these prices have
been paid in gold.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. However that may be,
the reports made to the Legislature of Cali-
fornia show that the construction and equip-
ment of the railroads iii that State have cost
on the average only $34,000 per mile, while in
seven of the northwestern States the average
has been $33,000 per mile. The entire aver-
age cost of the roads in the United States per
mile has not exceeded $35,000; that is, fully
equipped, thoroughly equipped, for the trans-
portation of freight and passengers.
These are the reports. I speak from the
books, I speak from the figures, and it is really
the best information we have on the subject.
And when gentlemen tell us about railroads
costing $60,000, $70,000, or $80,000 per mile
in this country, it is a mistake, an exaggeration,
whether intentional or not I do not know. I
have no idea that the road between Omaha
and San Francisco will cost more than forty
thousand dollars per mile.
Now, sir, I believe that the legislation in the
United States with reference to railroad cor-
porations has been more favorable to corpora^
tions and far less regard has been, paid to indi-
vidual and public interests than under any other
Government; and the time will come, in my
opinion, when this subject will be agitated and
Congress will be compelled to act and take the
control of this great and growing interest. I
have no doubt that Congress has the right,
under the Constitution, to regulate and control
these great commercial highways under the
power "to regulate commerce between the
several States."
When the Government of Russia determined
upon building a railroad from St. Petersburg
to Moscow the Emperor issued a special ukase
that the railway, which was to connect the two
capitals of the empire should be built at the
exclusive expense of the Government, in order
to retain in the hands of the Government and
in the general interest of the people a'line of
communication so important to the commerce
and industry of the State. Let us learn a lesson
from this. No man need tell me or the House
that any railroad corporation is going to con-
sult the interest of the people along its line. It
will get the highest tariff that it can get unless
the matter is regulated by act of Congress or
State enactment. The only thing which has
kept the tariff down between the East and the
West, is the competing lines of transportation.
Suppose all these railroads are consolidated ;
when the West has grown large enough to fur-
nish business for them all then tlicy can fix what
rates they please. The Erie Canal has done but
little to cut down the tariff. Why ? Because
it has not the power to carry from Buffalo to
New York one fourth of the freight that seeks
an outlet to the ocean. Wo may presume, in
the course of time, that the Pacific railroad
will be overwhelmed with business. It is ex-
pected that it will be one of the greatest
thoroughfares for the Commerce of the world.
It is anticipated that the Japan and China trade
will pass across this continent. I hope that
anticipation will be realized; but when that
time comes this road will prove inadequate to
the business. When you find this road now
running into a wilderness pays a profit, what will
it be when you have completed it, if Congress
leaves it to fix its own prices, regulate its own
tariff for freight and passengers? What then
will be the competing line? What other line
will there be between the Atlantic and the
Pacific? It matters not how many lines there
may yet be built. Congress owes it to the
people to protect them in their rights against
the power of the monopolies to oppress them
or to act in disregard of their rights.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. PRICE. I now yield two and a half
minutes to the gentieman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I am
to be put in the Procrustean bed of two and a
half minutes I, of course, can say nothing of
the merits of the subject.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Ask the House for an
extension.
Mr._WASHBURN-E, of Illinois. I do not
wish time should be taken up unnecessarily,
and I also want the House to adjourn. Before
proceeding I desire to say that the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has pre-
pared a speech on this subject which he ex-
pected to deliver to-day, but he has been taken
suddenly and severely ill, and I ask that he
have leave to print it as part of the debates.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
BENEVOLENT INSTITUTIONS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. SPALDING." Mr. Speaker, I intended
to have pressed the consideration of the appro-
Briation bills for benevolent institutions in this
•istnet to-day, but I will not do so, as the
minority report has not yet been printed. I
ask that a statement of appropriations also be
printed, so they may be before the House when
the question does come up for discussion and
action.
No objection being made, it was ordered to
be printed.
CHARGES ON PACIFIC RAILROAD, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
abuse the generosity of the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. PRICE. I will give the gentleman two
hours if the House will extend the time.
_Mr._ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 do not
wish it. I do not want to make a speech.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad have
reported a substitute for the joint resolution
which embraces the main proposition, that
this commission shall be established to adjust
the rates of freight and passengers. That we
all agree to. Now, the other two pending
propositions are the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Washbcrn] striking
out the proviso that it shall not take effect
until the road is finished; which time, I think,
as the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van-
Wvck] very conclusively shows, would never
probably come in the contemplation of the
resolution. If that is stricken out and then
the very proper amendment offered by the
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] is
adopted, we will have substantially the ori-
ginal resolution, which I think we can all agree
to. I think it is just and proper that we
should pass it in the shape that it will be if we
adopt those two amendments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, how much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the House to extend it
to fifteen minutes.
No objection being made, the time was
extended accordingly.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield eight minutes to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wood-
bridge.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, of
course I cannot undertake to discuss this ques-
tion as its importance demands in the brief
time allowed me.
In 1862 Congress chartered the Pacific rail-
road, and for the purpose of aiding a great
national enterprise voted a subsidy of $16,000
a mile and a grant of land. Capitalists hesi-
tated to invest for a long while. The work
finally commenced, but was soon stopped for
want of funds, and it became necessary to bond
the road in addition to the Government subsidy.
What was the result? Although the bonds are
payable principal and interest in gold, and bear-
ing six per cent, interest, they have been on
the market ever since they were issued at about
ninety cents on the dollar, while Government
bonds, which some gentlemen say are payable
principal in greenbacks, have brought from 108
to 110. Thestockof the company is now in the
market at something over fifty cents on the dol-
lar. Now, if the enterprise is so profitable; if
the company are making as much money as gen-
tlemen seem to suppose, how can it be accounted
for that the bonds are at ninety and the stock at
fifty? I am informed, sir, that within the last
three years the entire work would have stopped
had it not been for the patriotism and financial
boldness of a gentleman who is a member of
this House. The profits of the investment are
entirely prospective. No dividend has ever
been declared, and no one can predict whether,
when the road is completed across the mount-
ain, it will be remunerative, so enormous must
be the outlay.
But independent of all this, Mr. Speaker, is
it just to those who have invested their money
in this great national undertaking to appoint
this commission? The act of 1862 declares
that after the road is completed, if Congress
finds that the net income is over ten per cent,
on the capital invested, in addition to the five
per cent, payable to the Government, it may
then regulate the tariff of freight and passen-
gers. Sir, is not the faith of the Government
pledged by this provision to the gentlemen who
have invested in the company. Ought not
Congress, in good faith, adhere^ to the obliga-
tions which it assumed at the time the act of
incorporation was passed? It is not fair, and
