1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r403
been connected as editor and correspondent of the
Philadelphia North American for nearly twenty
yeais. The rest you know. Send me paper.
JAMJSS E. HARVEY.
This is all.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire, in this connection,
to have read another note from Mr. Harvey
bearing upon this same subject. It will be
well enough for me, perhaps, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the occurrence, as it took
place here the other day. In the course of the
remarks of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] he alluded to a letter written by
Mr. Harvey, our minister to Portugal, to the
authorities of South Carolina, informing them
that Fort Sumter would not be reeiiforced. I did
not know of any such letter having been writ-
ten by Mr. Harvey, and so stated. Mr. Harvey
himself denies that he ever wrote such a letter.
I presume, from the reading of one of the first
dispatches which were read by the Senator from
Massachusetts, that the Senator from Indiana
must have confounded that dispatch with a let-
ter, for there seems to have been a dispatch
sent early in March, 1861, from Mr. Harvey
to certain parties in South Carolina assuring
them that fort Sumter would not be reouforced.
In order to correct the Senator from Indiana
I stated that he must be mistaken ; that Mr.
Harvey had sent a dispatch informing them
that Fort Sumter would be reenforced, and
that thereupon the attack on Fort Sumter was
made. Mr. Harvey wrote me a letter, which
I laid before the Senate, denying that he ever
sent any such dispatch. I understand now,
from the note which I have in my hand and
from conversations which I have had with him,
that he does not deny that he attempted to send
such a dispatch, but because of the telegraph line
being in the possession of the Government of
the United States here at Washington that dis-
patch never reached the parties 5t Charleston
to whom it was addressed, and therefore that
the attack on Fort Sumter was not occasioned
by the dispatch from him being received by the
parties in Charleston to whom it was addressed.
With these remarks I ask that the following
letter from Mr. Harvey to myself may be
read and spread upon the Globe, in order that
justice may be done to all sides.
The PRESIDENT _pro tempore. The letter
will be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the following letter :
Washington City, Saturday Morning.
Sie: The Intelligencer of this date reports you as
having said yesterday, in connection with the cor-
respondence which you were kind enough to lay
before the Senate, at my request:
" He [Mr. Grimes] now understood Mr. Harvey to
say that there never was such a dispatch sent by
him." referring to your statement on Monday that
the attack was made on i'ort Sumter m consequence
ol a telegram from me.
This is a misapprehension for which I may be par-
tially responsible in a rapid verbal explanation.
What I did say was, the dispatch had never been
sent. I was so informed at the time, and the telegraph
was in possession of theGovornment, so thatno com-
munication could go to the South without its knowl-
edge and consent.
The principal object of my note of the 20th was
to show that no secrecy had been practiced in regard
to the succor of Fort Sumter, and that the South
Carolina authorities had received notice from the
President, according to their own admission, more
than thiee days before the attack was made.
While upon this subject I lcel it proper to say
that all my efforts to preserve the peace were volun-
tary. and prompted by the single motive of averting
a collision that would render a fierce war inevitable.
I held no communication of any kind, direct or in-
direct, with the then Governor of South Carolina, Mr.
Pickens; but Idid address myself, of my own accord,
to the latcMr.Petigru, the moot distinguished Tjnion
man in the State, to Chancellor Dunkin, and to Judge
Magrath. to the last particularly, because I thought
he could be most effective.
With high respect, JAMES E. II APIA E\.
Hon. J. W. GkiHES, United States Senate.
impeachment of vkb81dbnt johnson.
The following message was received from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. McPheu-
sox, its Clerk: .
Mr. President, I have been directed to mtorm
the Senate that the House of Representatives
has passed the following resolution:
Resolved. That acommittee of two be appointed to
go to the Senate, and at the bar thereof in the name
of the House of Representatives and of all the people
of the United States, to impeach Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, of high crimes and
misdemeanors in office, and acquaint the Senate that
the House of Representatives will, in due time, ex-
hibit particular articles of impeachment against him
and make good the same; and thatthe committeedo
demand that the Senate take order for the appear-
ance of said Andrew Johnson to answer to said im-
peacbtnent.
And that the House has appointed Mr. Thad-
decs Stevens and Mr. John A. Bingham such
committee.
communication from governor crapo.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a
communication from the Governor of the State
of Michigan, addressed to the Michigan dele-
gation, which I ask the Secretary to read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
munication will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows:
Washington, D. C.,
Metropolitan Hotel, February 24,1868.
To the Michigan Delectation in the Congress of the
United States, nolo in session :
Gentlemen: In accordance with my own views
and on behalf of the loyal people of the State of
Michigan permit me, in the present crisis of our
national affairs, and in this hour of peril to the cause
of human liberty and free institutions, to express the
most earnest hope that you will not for a single
moment falter in the great work of maintaining this
liberty and these institutions, as well against execu-
tive usurpation of every kind as against all those
who still continue to sympathize with treason and
disloyalty.
The Government established by our fathers to
secure equal rights to all, and under the influence of
which our growth and prosperity as a nation are
without—
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire, in
connection with what proceedings of the Sen-
ate this sort of a communication is being read
by the Secretary ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When I
directed it to be read I supposed it was from
the Legislature of the Stale; but I find it is
from the Governor.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a communication
from the Governor of the State, addressed to
the congressional delegation from Michigan.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care whoitis
from. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the reading of the paper, the
question must be decided without debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it lie on the table
then.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. What for? I object to
that.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to see what it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to either mo-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand from the
Senator from Michigan that it is from the Gov-
ernor of some State.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not addressed to Con-
gress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a paper addressed
to a member of the Senate, as I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood that it was
from a Governor of a State, addressed to the
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is addressed to the
Michigan delegation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The under-
standing of the Chair was that it was from the
Legislature of the State. The whole matter is
under the control of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I guess that had better
be returned to the person who sent it here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kansas moves that the paper  
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the motion
to print the paper, as it is not directed to the
Senate. I thought it was directed to the Sen-
ate. I now move to lay.it on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I raise a question of
order for the decision of the Chair. I ask
what that paper has to do with the business of
the Senate, and by virtue of what rule of the
Senate it is here, and what the Senate has to
do with it? It does not cOme before the body,
as I understand, as a memorial, nor a remon-
strance, nor a resolution, nor a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the reception of the paper?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
must be decided by the Senate without-debate.
The question is whether the paper shall be re-
ceived and read.
The question being put, it was decided in the
negative.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a,
petition of Stockley Sadbury, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Michigan, praying that a pension be
granted to George Bennett, late a private of
company E, sixth Michigan cavalry; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of A.
Y. S. Lindsley and G. M. Fogg, executors of
the estate of William B. Lewis, deceased, pray-
ing compensation for property taken for the
use and subsistence of the military forces of
the United States and for damages done to
the estate by the erection of military works
thereon ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Joshua Black, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. STEWART presented a memorial of
the Council and House of Representatives of
Colorado Territory, in favor of granting to the
Denver branch mint the privilege of coining
silver; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, praying that a tax of one
and a half to two cents a gallon be imposed on
vinegar; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of the law
establishing bonded warehouses ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. IIOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying the adoption of meas-
ures foi a reduction of the taxes, and that the
expenses of the Government be reduced to a
strictly peace basis; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying Congress for a
grant of land to aid in the improvement of
Rock river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking for a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of the Min-
nesota and Missouri river railroad, in Dakota
Territory; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of Leon-
ard Pope, praying compensation for damages
done by the Government to his property ad-
joining Fort Hall, in East Haven, Connecti-
cut ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, relative to the survey of public lands on
and near the Red river of the North ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of the At-
chison, Hays City, and Santa 16 railroad;
which were referred to the Committee on 1 ub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
James Jackson, praying to be allowed ^ pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented two memorials
of late officers in the Army, protesting against
the passage of the bill prohibiting the payment
of the commutation for pay of officers' servants
from May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865; which
