THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
friends have advised me against it. My watch-
ful physician has yielded a half reluctant con-
sent to my request, accompanied with many a
caution that [ fear I shall not observe, But,
Senators, an irresistible impulse hurries me
forwfiid. The flesh indeed is weak ; tiie spirit
is willing. Unseen and friendly Bands seem to
support me. Voices inaudible to all others, X
hear, or seem to hear. They whisper words of
consolation, of hope, of confidence. They say,
or seem to say to me. '• Feeble champion of the
right, hold not back ; remember that the race
is not always to the swift nor the battle to the
strong ; remember in a just cause a single peb-
ble from the brook was enough in the sling of
the young shepherd.'"
Senators, in all our history as a people,
never before have the. three great departments
of the Government been brought on the scene
together for such an occasion as this. We j
have had party strifes in our history before.
"Many a time the executive and legislative
departments have been in tierce and bitter
antagonism. Many a time before a favorite
legislative policy has been thwarted and de-
feated by the persistent and obstinate efforts
of an Executive. Many a time before ex-
treme party men have advised a resort to
impeachment. Even as far back as the time
of Washington liis grand and tranquil soul was
disturbed in that noted year, when he
stood in antagonism with a majority in the
House of Representatives upon that famous
British treaty, when, upon their demand, he
refused to surrendei the correspondence, im-
peachment by the bad men of the party was
then threatened. So, too, in many a subse-
quent day of our party contests. Oftentimes
in the remembrance of men not older than
myself, oftentimes when to accomplish the
purposes of the party there seemed to be this
way and no other way have we heard this same
advice given, " This is the remedy to follow;"
but, happily for us, such bad counsels never
heretofore have prevailed.
This undoubtedly is a remedy within the
contemplation of the Constitution, a remedy for
a great mischief. Our wise forefathers saw
that a time might come, an emergency might
happen when nothing but the "removal of the
Chief Magistrate could save the nation ; but
they never made it to be used for party pur-
poses. Has the time come now ? Has, after
the lapse of eighty years, the time at last come
when this extreme remedy of the Constitution
must be applied? If so, all just men will say,
amen. But if, on the contrary, bad advice has
at last prevailed, if this is a step at last in the
interests of party, carried by the bad advice of
the worst men of the party, if at last this great
and august tribunal is to be degraded to carry
out a party purpose, Oh, then, there remains a
day of retribution for every man that partici-
pates iu this great wrong, sure to come, nor
long to be delayed.
But let me not anticipate the character of
the ease. Let us look at it as it develops
itself. I listened with great attention to the
persistent efforts of my learned friends, the
Managers, to convince you, Senators, that you
are not sitting in a judicial capacity, that all
the ordinary forms in the administration of
justice are laid aside. They told you again
and again there was no right of challenge here.
What if there was not? Ah, does not your
duty then become the more solemn, your obliga-
tion the stronger to take care when the accused
cannot protect himself that you will protect
him? With the greatest care and perseverance
they strike out all the forms that pertains to
judicial proceeding; they say they do not be-
long here. What if they do not ? What is that
to you, Senators, who with your upraised hands
have invoked your God to witness that you
will impartially try and decide this case? What
are t hese forms to you ? Strike them all out,
and deeper and deeper that oath strikes in.
It is the habit of the advocate to magnify his
case; but this case best speaks for itself. For
the first time in our political existence, the
three great departments of our Government are
Si1 PI'LEMENT—24.
brought upon the scene together; thellonseof |!
Representatives as the accusers; the President ji
of the United States as the accused ; thejudi- jj
ciary department, represented by its head, in i|
the person of the Chief Justice; and the Senate ;i
of the United States as the tribunal to hear the ji
accusation and the defense, and to render the I
final judgment. The Constitution has antici- |
pated that so extreme a remedy as this might j
be necessary, even in the case of the highest I
officer of the Government. It was seen that it j
was a dangerous power to give one department i
to be used against another department,. Yet, !
it was anticipated thatan emergency might arise
in which nothing but such a power could be
effectual to preserve the Republic. Happily
for the eighty years of our political existence
which have passed no such emergency has
hitherto arisen. During that time we have
witnessed the fiercest contests of party. Again ;
and again the executive and the legislative do- j
partmcnts have been in open and bitter antag- [
onisni. X favorite legislative policy has more
than once been defeated by the obstinate and i
determined resistance of the President, upon i
some of the gravest and most important issues
that we have ever had, or are ever likely to
have. The presidential policy and the legis-
lative policy ha\e stood in direct antagonism.
During all that time this fearful power was in
the hands of the legislative department, and
more than once a resort to it, lias been advi.-ed
by extreme party men as a sure remedy for
party purposes; but, happily, that evil hitherto
has not come upon us.
What new and unheard of conduct by a
President has at last made a resort to this
extreme remedy unavoidable? What presi-
dential acts have happened so flagrant that all
just men of all parties are ready to say "the j
time has come when the mischief has been
committed; the evil is at work so enormous
and so pressing that in the last year of his term
of oifice it is not,safe to await tile coming action
of the people ?" If such a case has happened,
all honorable and just men of all parties will
say amen; but if, on the contrary, it should
appear that this fearful power has at last been
degraded and perverted to the use of a party;
if it appears thatat last bad advice, often before
given by the bad men of party, has found ac-
ceptance, this great tribunal of justice, now
regarded with so much awe, will speedily come
to be considered as a monstrous sham. If it
should be found to be the willing instrument to
carry out the purposes of its parly, then there
remains for it and for every one of its members
who participates in the great wrong a day of
awful retribution sure to come nor long to be
delayed. But I will not anticipate nor speak
further of the case itself until its true features
are fully developed.
THE ARTICLKS.
I now proceed to a consideration of the
articles of impeachment:
They are eleven in number. Nine of them
charge acts which are alleged to amount to a
high misdemeanor in office. The other two,
namely, the fourth and sixth, charge acts which
are alleged to amount to a high crime in office.
It seems to be taken for granted that, in the
phrase used iu the Constitution, "other high
crimes and misdemeanors," the term high is
properly applicable as well to misdemeanors as
to crimes.
The acts alleged in the eleven articles as
amounting to high misdemeanors or high
crimes are as follows :
In article one, the issuing of the order of
February 21, 1868, addressed to Stanton, " for
the removal " of Stanton from office, with in-
tent to violate the tenure-of-offiee act and the
Constitution of the United States, and to re-
move Stanton.
In article two, the issuing and delivering to
Thomas of the letter of authority of February
21, 1803, addressed to Thomas, with intent to
violate the Constitution of the United States
and the tenure-of-offiee act.
In article three, the appointing of Thomas
by the letter addressed to him of the 21st of
February, 1868, to be Secretary of War ad in-
terim, with intent, to violate the Constitution
of the United States.
In article four, conspiring with Thomas with
intent, by intimidation and threats, to hinder
Stanton from holding his office, in violation of
the Constitution of the United States and the
conspiracy act of July 31, 1861.
_ In article five, conspiring with Thomas to
hinder the execution of the tenure-of-offiee act,
and, in pursuance of the conspiracy, attempt-
ing to prevent Stanton from holding his office.
In article si>r, conspiring with Thomas to
seize b.y force the property of the United States
in the AV ar Department, then in Stanton's cus-
tody, contrary to the conspiracy act of 18iil,
and with intent to violate the tennre-of office
act.
in article seven, conspiring with Thomas
with intent to seize the property of the United
States in Stanton's custody, with intent to vio-
late the tcnurc-of-ollice act.
^ In article eight,, issuing and delivering to
Thomas the letter of authority of February 21,
18CS, with intent to control the disbursements
of the money npujopriafed for the; military
service and for the War Department, contrary
to the tenure-oi'-otlice act and the Constitution
of the United States, and with intent to vio-
late the tenure-of-offiee act.
In article nine, declaims,' to General Emory
that the sccond section of the Army appropri-
ation act of March 2, J8ii7, providing that
orders for military operations issued by the
President or Secretary of War should be issued
through the General of the Army, was uncon-
stitutional and in contravention of Kinory's
commission, with intent to induce Emoiy to
obey such orders as the President, might give
him directly and not through the General of
the Army, with intent, to enable I he President,
to prevent the execution of the tenure-of-otlicf
act, and with intent, to prevent Stanton from
holding his office.
in article ten, lluit, with intent to bring in
disgrace and contempt the Congress of the
United States and the several branches thereof,
and to excite the odium of the people against
Congress and the laws by it enacted, he made
three public addresses, one at the Executive
Mansion on the 18th of August, I860, one at
Cleveland on the .Id of September. lSliii, and
one at St. Louis on the bth of September, J8G0,
which speeches are alleged (o be peculiarly in-
deccnt and unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate
of the United States, and by means theieof the
President brought his office into contempt,
ridicule, and disgrace, and thereby committed
and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in oliice.
In article eleven, that, by the same speech
made on the 18th of August, at the Iixecutive
Mansion, he did, in violation of the Constitu-
tion, attempt t,o prevent the execution of the
tenure-of-offiee act, by unlawfully contriving
means to prevent Stanton from resuming the
office of Secretary for the Departmentof War.
after the refusal of the Senate to concur in his
suspension, and by unlawfully contriving and
attempting to contrive means to prevent the
execution of the act making appropriations
for the support of the Army, passed March 2,
1807, and to prevent the execution of the ad
to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States, passed March 2, 1807.
It will be seen that all of these articles, except
the tenth, charge violations either of the Con-
stitution of the United States, of the tenure-of-
ollice act, of Lhe conspiracy act of 18G1, of the
military appropriation act of 1867; or of the
reconstruction act of March 2,1867. The tenth
article, which is founded on the three speeches
of the President, does not charge a violation
either of the Constitution of the United States
or of any act of Congress. Five of these articles
charge a violation of the Constitution, to wit,
articles one, two, three, four, and eight. Seven
of the articles charge violations of the tenure-
of-offiee act, to wit, articles one, two, tive, six,
seven, eight, nine, and eleven. Two of the
articles charge a violation of the conspiracy
act of 1861, to wit, articles four and six. Two
