1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3451
and proper accountability therefor. A daily return
shall bo furnished by every storekeeper to the col-
lector of the district of all articles received in and
delivered from the warahouse during the day preced-
ing that on which the return is made, a copy of which
shall bo mailed by him at the same time to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and each storekeeper
shall, on the first Monday of every month, make a
repoitin triplicate of the number of packages of all
articles, with the severaldescri]3tionsthereofrespect-
ively, as above provided, which remained in the
warehouse at the date of his last report, and of all
articles received therein and delivered therefrom
during the preceding month, and of all articles re-
maining therein at the end of said month; one of
which reports shall be by him delivered to the asses-
sorofthedistrict,to be recorded andfiled in hisoffice;
one delivered to the collector having control of the
Warehouse, to lie recorded and filed in his ollice; and
one transmitted to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, to be recorded and filed in his office. Any
internal revenue storekeeper may be transferred by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue from one
warehouse to another within the same district. In
case of the absence of any internal revenue store-
keeper by sickness or from any other cause, the col-
lector having control of the warehouse may designate
a person to have temporary charge of such ware-
house, who shall, during such absence, perform the
duties and receive the pay ot the storekeeper for the
tifn'e he mny be so employed ; and for any violation
of the law he shall be subject to the same punishment
as storekeepers. Any storekeeper or other person
in the employment of the United States having
eharge of a bonded warehouse, who shall remove or
allow to be removed any cask or other package there-
from without an order or permit of the collector, or
which has not been marked or stamped in the man-
ner required by law, or shall remove or allow to be
removed any part of the contents of any cask or
package deposited therein, shall be immediately dis-
missedfrom office or employment, and, on conviction,
be fined not less than $500, nor more than $2,000, and
imprisoned not less than three months nor more
than two years.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend this section
by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That no distilled spirits shall be removed
from the place of distillation until the tax provided
for in this act shall have been paid, anything herein
contained to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman with-
draw that amendment for a moment, until I
have offered one which lias been agreed upon
by the Committee of Ways and Means ?
Mr. PRICE. To accomplish the same pur-
pose ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ; to accomplish a dif-
ferent purpose, but it is to a preceding part of
the section.
Mr. PRICE. Very well; I will withdraw
the amendment for that purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the first
sentence of this section by inserting after the
words '' such number of internal revenue store-
keepers as maybe necessary," the words "who
shall be bona fide residents of the districts in
which they may be appointed." This provis-
ion relates to the storekeepers to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I now renew my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
This section relates exclusively to and defines
the duties of storekeepers. I think the amend-
ment is not pertinent to this section, though
there are many other portions of the bill to
which it would be germane. I make the point
of order that the proposed amendment is not
germane to the section now under considera-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move to amend this sec-
tion by inserting after the words "the com-
pensation of each of whom shall be five dollars
per day,'i near the commencement of the sec-
tion, the words "to be paid by the United
States." I understood from the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] that the intention was to have these
storekeepers paid by the United States. But
it is not "so nominated in the bond," as I
understand this section. I want to have this
matter fixed, so that there may be no misun-
derstanding about it.
TheamendmentofMr. Kooxtz wasagreedto.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to amend this
section by striking out the following:
Any internal revenue storekeeper may be trans-
ferred by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue from
one warehouse to anothor within the same district.
Before making any observations on this
amendment I wish to call the attention of the
Committee of Ways and Means to an amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr, Logan] which was adopted a few minutes
since. If I understood it correctly, the super-
visor provided for by that amendment was
authorized to change and alter these store-
keepers, and designate where they shall so.
Is that so?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I move to strike
out the words I have indicated. If you are
going to give the power to do any of these
things, then let it be concentrated in one per-
son. By the amendment which you have
already adopted you propose to give the super-
visor of the judicial district the power to trans-
fer these storekeepers from one place to another
at his option. Then by this section you give that
same power to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. And no storekeeper may be able
to perform any duty, because he may be kept
marching around by this divided allegiance.
There is a confusion in the bill. It is not
important to me, so far as I am concerned in
perfecting this bill, whether the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue or the supervisor has this
power. But I ask the Committee of Ways and
Means to see that this divided duty does not
lead to difficulties.
Mr. LOGAN. This is included in this bill,
because, under the resolution of instructions to
the committee no provision was made for it,
and we had to provide for it somewhere in the
bill. I would suggest to the gentleman to
modify his amendment so as to insert before
the words "the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue," the words "the supervisor of the judi-
cial district, or;" so that either may give the
orders, the Commissioner, of course, being
governed by the information he may receive
from the supervisor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am willing to modify
my amendment in that way. 1 merely wanted
to submit the suggestion to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment, as modified.
Mr. ROBINSON. But, Mr. Chairman, that
amendment would still leave it doubtful. We
want something positive in these matters as to
who shall have this power. I would still sug-
gest that one or the other of these officers shall
have the control of the matter.
Mr. LOGAN. The words I have suggested
were in the original bill. The Commissioner
can never exercise this power except on the
recommendation of the supervisor. In fact he
is to report all his acts to the Commissioner,
to be supervised by him, as will be seen by
reference to the amendment I offered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think the permission
to each under the law is absolute ; and any
person appointed will deny the authority either
of the Commissioner or of the other officer.
I do not wish to continue this discussion. But
I will say that unless this is amended in some
way, you will have no peace and no harmony
of action under this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. There is another reason for
the modification I have suggested. The super-
vising agent may have more than one district
within his jurisdiction ; " a United States judi-
cial circuit or district." This bill leaves it to
the two in the same district; but where it is
outside of the district the supervisor has the
control of it. The changing in the same dis-
trict will depend upon the recommendation of
the supervisor. In fact, under this bill the
Commissioner might revoke his action ; that
is probably the true construction of it ; but it
does not affect the harmony of the bill.
The amendment, as modified, was then
agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. In this section is to be found
the following provision :
In case of the absence of anv internal revenue
storekeeper by sickness or fiom any other cause, the
collector having control of the warehouse may desig-
natea person tohavetemporarychargoofsueh ware-
house, who shall, during such absence, peiform the
duties and receive the pay ofthe storekeeper for the
time he may be so employed; and for any violation
of the law he shall besubjectto-tbesaiae punishment
as storekeepers.
I move to amend this clause by inserting
after the words "may designate," the words(
"with the consent and approval of the bonds-
men ofthe absent storekeeper." By the sec-
tion, as it now stands, the appointment of this
temporary storekeeper is given to the col-
lector of the district where the storehouse is
situated. There is no storekeeper in the dis-
tricts with which I am acquainted that cannot
be made safe at less than $2,000 a year. The
word "ring" has been frequently used in this
debate. I would suggest that this section makes
a ring in a very few hands—the collector, the
assessor, and the storekeeper to be appointed
by the collector of the district. I hope my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no! we object to that
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I opposethe amendment,
and ask for a vote.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Barnes ; and upon a division—ayes,
twenty-two, noes not counted, it was noi
agreed to.
No farther amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That there shall
bo appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, in
every collection district where the same may bo
necessary, one or more internal revenue gaugersv
who shall each take an oath faithfully to perform
his duties, and shall give his bond, with one or more
sureties, satisfactory to the Commissioner of Internat
Revenue, for the faithful discharge of the duties
assigned to him by Jaw or regulations; and.the penal
sum of said bond shall not be less than 85,000, and
said bond shall be renewed or strengthened as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may require.
The duties of every such ganger shall be performed
under the supervision and direction of the collector
of the district to which he may bo assigned, or of the
collector in charge of exports at any port of entry tv
which he may be assigned. Fees for gauging and
inspecting shall be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, to be paid to the collector by
the owner or producer of the articles to be gauged
and inspected; and said collector shall retain all
amounts so received as such fees until the last day
of each month, when the aggregate amount of fees
so paid that month shall,underregulation to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue*
be paid to the gauger performing the duty; but in
any city or part of a city within a district where
there may be two or more gaugers on duty, the said
fees shall be equally divided by tho collector among
them. In no case, however, shall the aggregate
; monthly fees of any gauger exceed at the rate of
! $3,000 per annum. All necessary labor and expense
attending tho gauging of any article shall be fur-
nished and borne by the owner or producer of such
articles. Every gauger shall, under such regulations
as.may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, make a daily return, in duplicate; one to
be delivered to the assessor and the other to the col-
lector of his district, giving a true account, in detail,
of all articles gauged and proved or inspected by
, him, and for whom, and the number and kind of
stamp.1 used by him. Any ganger who shall make
any false or fraudulent inspection, gauging, or proof
shall pay a penalty of $1,000, and, on conviction,
shall be fined not less than $500 nor more than S5,000,
and imprisoned not less than three months nor more
than three years.
Mr. KOONTZ. In the sentence prescribing
who shall pay the fees for gauging and inspect-
ing, I move to strike out the words " owner or
producer of the articles to be gauged or in-
spected," and to insert in lieu thereof the words
" United States." I think that the fees to be
paid these various officers ought in all cases to
be paid by the Government. I think it is con-
trary to sound policy that the officer should be
any way responsible or under obligation to the
distiller; for that reason I move this amend-
ment. And I think it should be concurred in
for the same reason that the storekeepers were
] provided to be paid by the Government of the
United States. I mow yield the rest of my time
to the gentleman from New York, [Mi-. Rob-
insox.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I trust this amendment
will be adopted. I think that in all cases
where a distiller or manufacturer or any per-
; son interested against the Government is
! allowed to pay the officer it is very bad policy.
| If we employ officers we should pay them a
fair and reasonable remuneration for their ser-
i vices. In no case should any officer be paid
