370
SUPPLEMENT TO
of them charge violations of the appropriation
act of March 2, 1867, to wit, articles nine and
eleven. One only charges a viola;ion of the
reconstruction act of March 2, 1807, and that
is article eleven.
We see, then, that four statutes of the Uni-
ted States are alleged to have been violated.
Three of these provide for penalties for their
violation, that is to say, the tenure-of-ofiice
act, the conspiracy act of 1861, and the mili-
tary appropriation act of March 2, 1867. The
violation of the tenure-of-office act is declared
by the act itself to be a "high misdemeanor."
The violation of the conspiracy act is declared
to be "a high crime." The violation of the
second section of the military appropriation
act is declared to be simply "a misdemeanor
in office."
It will be observed that the first eight arti-
cles all relate to the War Department, and to
that alone. Article one sets out an attempted
removal of the head of that Department. Three
others relate to the ad interim appointment of
Thomas to be acting Secretary of that Depart-
ment. The four others relate to conspiracies
to prevent Stanton from holding his office as
Secretary for the Department of War, or to
seize the public property in that Department,
or to control the disbursements of moneys ap-
propriated for the services of that Department.
Now, fiist of all, it must not escape notice
that these articles are founded upon the ex-
press averment that from the moment of his
reinstatement on the non-concurrence of the
Senate Mr. Stanton became the lawful Secre-
tary for that Department; that, upon such
order of the Senate, he at once entered into
possession of the War Department and into
the lawful exercise of its duties as Secretary,
and that up to the date of the articles of im-
peachment that, lawful right and actual posses-
sion had remained undisturbed; that all the
acts charged in these eight articles wore com-
mitted during that time; that, notwithstand-
ing these acts, Stanton remains lawfully and
actually in possession ; and that the ollice has
been at no lime vacant.
We see, then, that, according to the case
made m these eight articles, the President did
not succeed in getting Mr. Stanton out of ollice
or of putting General Thomas in, either m law
or in fact. We see, according to these arti-
cles, that the President did not succeed, either
by force or otherwise, in preventing Mr. Stan-
ton frutu holding his ollice or in getting posses-
sion of the public property in that Department
or in contioiling the disbursements of public
money appropriated for the use of that Depart-
ment. There has been, according to the very
case made in these articles, no public mischief.
The lawful officer has not been disturbed; the
lawful custody of the public property and pub-
lic money ot the Department has not been
changed. No injury has been done either to
the public service or the public officer. There
has been no removal of Mr. Stanton—only an
abortive attempt at removal. There has been
no acting Secretary put in an ollice vacant by
death, resignation, or disability—put there
during the time of such actual vacancy or
temporary absence. All the time the Secretary
himself has been there in the actual perform-
ance of his duties. No ail interim officer has, in
law or fact, been constituted, for in law or fact
there has been no interim as to the Secretary
himself. There has been no moment of time
in which there could be an acting Secretary or
an ad inta im Secretary, either in law or fact,
for it is impossible to conceive of an ad interim
Secretary of War when there is no interim,
that is, when the lawful Secretary is 111 his place
and in the actual discharge of his duties.
Mark it, then, Senators, that the acts charged
as high crimes and misdemeanors in these eight
articles, in respect to putting Mr. Stanton out
and General Thomas in, are things attempted
and not things accomplished. It is the attempt,
and the unlawful intent with which it was
formed, that the President is to be held re-
sponsible for. So that it comes to be a ques-
tion of vita! consequence in reference to this
part of the case whether the high crimes and
misdemeanors provided for in the tenure-of-
office act and in the second section of the mil-
itary appropriation act purport to punish not
only the commission of the acts, but to punish
as well the abortive attempt to commit them.
I limit myself in what has been said to the
four articles touching the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton and the appointment of General Thomas.
As to the four conspiracy articles, there can be
no question that the actual accomplishment of
the thing intended is not made necessary to
constitute the offense ; for the statute against
conspiracies expressly provides for the punish-
ment of the unlawful intent, the unlawful con-
spiracy itself, without reference to any further
act done in pursuance of it, or to the partial
or complete accomplishment of the unlawful
design. But. contrariwise, the other two acts
do not punish the intent alone, but only the
commission of the thing intended; and the
offense provided for in these two acts, while
it requires the unlawful intent to be a part of
the crime, requires something else to supple-
ment it, and that is the actual commission of
the thing intended.
And here, Senators, before I proceed to con-
sider these articles in detail, seems to me the
proper time to bring your attention to another
consideration, which I deem of very great
moment. What is the subject-matter which
constitutes these high crimes and misdemean-
ors? Under what legislation does it happen
that the President of the United States is
brought under all this penal liability ? What
arc these high crimes and misdemeanors ?
Has he committed treason or bribery? Has
he been guilty of peculation or oppression in
office? Has lie appropriated the public funds
or the public property unlawfully to his own
use ? 1 Fas he committed any crime of violence
against any person, public officer or private
individual ? Is he charged with any act which
amounts to the crimen falsi or was Joue raw.««
htcri f Nothing of the sort. These alleged
high crimes and misdemeanors are all founded
upon mere forms of executive administration.
For the violation, they say, of the rules laid
down by the legislative department to regulate
the conduct of the executive department in
the manner of the administration of executive
functions belonging to that department.
The regulations so made purport to change
what theretofore had been the established rule
and order of administration. Before the pas-
sage of the second section of the military ap-
propriation act the President of the United
States, as Oonimander-m-Chief of the Army
and head of the executive department, issued
his orders for military operations either directly
to the officer who is charged with the execu-
tion of the "order or through any intermediate
channel that he deemed necessary or conve-
nient. No subordinate had a right to super-
vise his order before it was sent to its distilla-
tion. lie was not compelled to consult his ,
Secretary of War, who was merely his agent, j
nor the General next to himself in rank as to !
that important thing, the subject-matter of his j
order, or, that merely formal thing, the manner
of its transmission. But, by this second sec-
tion, the mere matter of form is attempted to
be changed. The great power of the President
as Commander-in-Chief to issue orders to all
his military subordinates is respected. The act
tacitly admits that over these great powers
Congress has no authority. The substance is
not touched, but only the form is provided for ;
and it is a departure from this mere form that
is to make the President guilty of a high crime
and misdemeanor.
j Then, again, as to the tenure-of-office act,
; that also purports to introduce a new rule in
i the administration of the executive powers.
It does not purport to take away the President's
i power of appointment or power of removal
j absolutely ; but it purports to fix the mode in
j which he shall execute that power, notasthore-
' tofore by his own independent action, but
j thereafter, only by the concurrence of the Sen-
I ate. It is a regulation by the Legislature of the
manner in which an executive power is to be
performed.
So, too, as to ad interim appointments, it
does not purport to take away that power
from the President; it only attempts to i egu-
late the execution of the power m a special
instance.
Mr. Burke, on the impeachment of Warren
Hastings, speaking of the crimes for which
he stood impeached, uses this significant lan-
guage:
"They were crimes, not against form?, but against
those eternal laws of justice which are our rule and
our birthright. His oftenses are not in formal, tech-
nical language, but in reality, in •■mWmtce, and effect,
high Crimea and high misdemeanors."
Now, Senators, if the legislative department
had a constitutional right thus to regulate the
performance of executive duties, and to change
the mode and form of exercising an execu-
tive power which had been followed from the
beginning of the Government down to the pres-
ent day, is a refusal of the Executive to fol-
low a new rule, and, notwithstanding that, to
adhere to the ancient ways, that sort of high
crime and misdemeanor which the Constitution
contemplates? Is it just ground for impeach-
ment ? Does the fact that such an act is called
by the Legislature a high crime and misde-
meanor necessarily make it such a high crime
and misdemeanor as is contemplated by the
Constitution? If, for instance, the President
should send a military order to the Secretary
of War, is that an offense worthy of impeach-
ment? If he should remove an officer on the
21st of February and nominate another on the
22d, would that be an impeachable misde-
meanor? Now, it must be admitted that if the
President had sent the name of Mr. Ewing to
the Senate on the 21st, in the usual way, in
place of Mr. Stanton removed, and had not
absolutely ejected Mr. Stanton from office, but
had loft him to await the action of the Senate
upon the nomination, certainly in mere matter
of form there would have been no violation of
this tenure-of-office act.
Now, what did he do? He made an order
for the removal of Mr. Stanton on the 21st,
but did not eject him from ollice, and sent a
nomination of Mr. Ewing to the Senate on the
22d. Is it possible that thereby he had com-
mitted an act that amounted to a high crime
and misdemeanor, and deserved removal from
office? And yet that is just what the Presi
dent has done. He has more closely followed
the mere matter of form prescribed by the
tenure-of-office act than, according to the
learned Manager who opened this prosecution,
was necessary. For, if lie had made an order
of removal, and at once had sent to the Senate
his reasons for making such removal, and had
stated to thein that his purpose was to make
this removal in order to test the constitution-
ality of the tenure-of-oilice act, then, says the
lionoiable Manager, " Had the Senate received
such a message, the Representatives of the peo-
ple might never have deemed it necessary to
impeach the President for such an act, to in-
sure the safety of the country, even if they had
denied the accuracy of his legal positions."
How, then, can it be deemed necessary to im-
peach the President for making an order of
removal on one day, advising the Senate of it
the same day, and sending the nomination of
a successor the next day? Was ever a matter
more purely formal than this? And yet this
is the only act. Is this, in the words of Mr.
Burke, not in merely technical language, but
m reality, in substance, and effect,''' a high
crime and misdemeanor within the meaning ot
tne Constitution ?
I dislike very much to ask favors, but if it be
I the pleasure of the Senate to adjourn, I shall
l detain them but a short time to-morrow, and
it will be a great favor to me, a very great
j favor.
j Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the Senate, sitting as a coui't of impeach-
ment, now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Son-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
