1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
we shall meet him in debate; we shall be heard
by the country, and the people to whom we
are both responsible will judge between us.
1 have said thus much on this single point
for the purpose of meeting the ideas which were
suggested by the resolution offered this morn-
ing by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,]
and of meeting the somewhat unusual remarks
which have been submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxeb. ] It is very true
that the President has stated his political views
on the condition of the country and with ref-
erence to the legislation which should obtain
in Congress strongly and clearly; but during
the session upon which we are entering I doubt
not that there are many members upon this
floor and many members in the other House
of Congress who will express themselves with
equal warmth as strongly and as clearly on
the opposite side that great question of recon-
struction from that which the President main-
tains.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, nothing, I
am sure, is to be gained by refusing to print the
President's message according to the usual
custom of the Senate. I go quite as far as any
one in condemnation of the tone, temper, aAd
doctrines of the message, but I think we are
not justified in departing from the ordinary
practice of this body. The message is an
assault of the President of the United States
upon the Congress of the United States for
attempting by legislation to take the govern-
ments of the rebel States out of the control of
traitors into whose keeping he had placed these
governments. The writer of this message
seems to have forgotten altogether the action
of the President in 1865, and as the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests to me,
he seems almost to have forgotten that we ever
had any rebellion at ail. The message remem-
bers to forget that President Johnson in the
summer and autumn of 1865 assumed and
exercised constitutional powers for the exer-
cise of which he now condemns the legislative
branch of the Government. If the President's
reconstruction policy was within the provisions
of the Constitution surely the reconstruction
policy of Congress is within the provisions of
the Constitution. If the President without the
authority of law could fix the terms and con-
ditions for the reconstruction of the rebel
States surely Congress, the law-making power
of the Government, could determine the terms
and conditions of reconstruction.
There have been two policies of reconstruc-
tion before the country: the President's policy
and the policy of Congress. After four years
of civil war, after burying three hundred and
fifty thousand men, the rebel States were con-
quered and the rebels subjugated. These
rebel States were completely disorganized,with-
out governments or public officers. President
Johnson recognized and proclaimed that fact.
Without the authority of law he inaugurated a
policy which put the ten conquered rebel States
completely back into the hands of the rebels
our military forces had subjugated. Yes, sir,
Andrew Johnson adopted a policy that put the
rebel States as completely into the hands of
unrepentant traitors as they were when Jeff.
Davis was at Richmond and Lee held and
guarded the rebel capital. That was a crime
against the country that ought to be condemned
by every patriotic man in the land. Such was
the fatal policy of President Johnson—a policy
to which he has inflexibly adhered.
The effect of the President's policy was to
put the loyal men of the South, who were true
to their country through all the dark days of
the civil war, under the ban of successful and
dominating treason, and to put the freedmen
in the condition of serfdom, into a condition
quite as wretched and degrading as was invol-
nntary servitude. Prom those once conquered
States, restored by Andrew Johnson to the con-
trol of rebels, there came to us a cry of agony,
4 voice of supplication, demanding the' inter-
position of Congress and the protection of the
national Government. Congress heard that
cry; the country heard it; the world heard
it; the God of the universe heard it; but
President Johnson could not hear it. Con-
gress investigated and deliberated ; a joint
committee of the two Houses, composed of
gentlemen of distinguished talent and charac-
ter, reported the facts, and Congress, after
giving the President's policy a trial of nearly
two years, adopted the policy of reconstruc-
tion against which the President now hurls
his denunciations. This reconstruction policy
of Congress immediately carried peace and
comparative law aud order into and through
the rebellious States. The officers of your
Army, the superintendents of your Freedmen's
Bureau, and gentlemen of intelligence and
character bear testimony that the immediate
effect of the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress was to give greater protection and secur-
ity to life, liberty, and property. There is
more liberty in th<5 rebel States under the
reconstruction policy of Congress than has
existed there for more than a generation ; more
freedom of thought, of speech, and of action
for the whole body of the people there or for
anybody visiting those States. Sir, I took up
this morning a report of General Swayne, a
son of Judge Swayne of the Supreme Court, a
gentleman of the highest character and whose
opinions are entitled to great consideration.
General Swayne is superintendent of the
Freedmen's Bureau in Alabama. Speaking of
the passage of the reconstruction acts which
the President denounces, General Swayne
says:
"A general amendment in the treatment of the
freedmen signalized the fact, and has been steadily
progressing. The sense of coming power brought
immediate respect. A new and summary process
menacing those ruffians who eluded or defied the civil
law brought a degree of order which has been a sen-
sible relief. The very passage of the bill, regarded
as a punishment by those who were opposed to it, has
vindicated those among them who had previously in-
sisted upon justice, and brought a new responsibility
to bear on those who had been pandering to the ani-
mosities of race.
"The freedmen themselves promptly took new
heart at the improvement in their prospects. Labor-
ing with as much industry as ever, theyseem to study
with more zeal, to have new confidence in trying to
improve. Already they have been admitted to the
jury box, and some of them employed in the lower
branches of the public service, so that they have little
need to fear injustice in the future."
Other superintendents and agents of the
Freedmen's Bureau and the officers of your
Army stationed in the rebel States nil concur
in proclaiming that the reconstruction meas-
ures of Congress have had the most salutary
effect and have worked the most beneficial re-
sults. The effects of the President's policy and
of the policy of Congress are clear to the com-
prehension of the country. The President's
policy put the subjugated rebel States back
into the control of traitors; the congressional
policy is taking thijse States out of the control
of rebels and putting them into the control of
loyal and patriotic men.. The President's pol-
icy wrought oppression, wrong, insult, and out-
rage to the loyal white man and to the black
man; the reconstruction policy of Congress
has brought and is bringing order, protection,
security, and liberty. The President's policy
has §iiled, has been abandoned, and will not
be revived. The policy of Congress is pro-
gressing, will be inflexibly adhered to, and will
be consummated. The President may, as he
does in his message, recotnmend its abandon-
ment, but the Congress of the United States
will firmly adhere to its plan of reconstruction.
The friends of a united country, the friends of
impartial liberty and of equal justice, will organ-
ize and reconstruct those rebel States, and
nearly all of those States will be represented
before the 4th day of July next in both Houses
of Congress by patriotic, liberty-loving, and
loyal men.
The statetaent of the President in this mes-
sage that the black men of the South, enfran-
chised by Congress, knew only enough to
deposit their votes where they were told to
deposit them is a libel upon the seven hundred
thousand black men whose hands have been
weaponed with the ballot. Sir, how stands
the great fact? These enfranchised black men
withoutproperty,withouthomes, surrounded by
the great landholders, the cultivated, the intel-
lectual men, sometimes called the "natural
leaders" of the South—men who had held them
and their ancestors in bondage, who owned
their humble cabins, the ground they trod upon,
in whose employment they are, were in positions
to be swayed and controlled by love, author-
ity, interest, and fear. When Congress passed
the reconstruction acts the rebel presses and
leaders appealed with the utmost confidence to
these enfranchised black men. We were told
j quite as confidently as we were told in other
| days that the black men would not fight against
] their old masters that the black men of the
j South would vote as they were directed by
! their old masters. The rebel leaders, the great
i landholders, the old slave-masters uttered
I honeyed words and brought to bear every seduc-
I tive influence they were master of to win a con-
| trolling influence over the enfranchised black
men. Even Wade Hampton, the represent-
ative of the white aristocracy of South Carolina,
) led off with Beverly Nash, the black man. He
graciously admitted that the colored people
ought to have the right of suffrage, and he ap-
pealed to them to unite with him and the men
I of his class. Others joined in these appeals;
j the black men were told on the stump in public
speeches by these men, the great land-holders
, and late slave-masters, that they had played
j together in childhood, that they had fished and
J hunted together, and they were invoked to give
' their votes to the conservatives; yet all those in-
fluences utterly failed. When flattery, persua-
sion, and cajolery failed they were threatened.
They were told that there might be a war of
races, that they might be turned out of employ-
ment, their families driven from their cabins.
Thousands of these poor men without property
have been turned from their homes, dismissed
from employment for the votes they gave, and
yet that body of enfranchised men, in spite of
every oppression brought to bear upon them,
have voted as patriotism, liberty, justice, and
humanity dictated.
Since the morning of creation no body of
men have shown more self-sacrificing devotion
to principle, more of the virtues of patience and
endurance, than the seven hundred thousand
black men of the rebel States, into whose hands
Congress had placed the ballot. Whoever says
otherwise slanders and maligns them. In spite
of all the misrepresentation and slanders that
have been sent to the press to deceive the people
of the loyal States, these black men have borne
themselves with patience, modesty, and pru-
dence, shown the same fidelity to the country
they did during four years of civil war, and
they are entitled to the sympathy, respect, and
admiration of loyal America. They have
trusted in God, have given their prayers, their
hopes, and their wishes to their country, and
have voted for unity and freedom. These
black men into whose hands Congress has put
the ballot, never to be wrenched from them by
President or rebel, with the loyal white men
and the few repentant rebels will bring the
rebel States back into these Chambers and
thus rebuke this assault of the President of
the United States upon Congress for attempting
to save that section of the country from rebel
domination.
Sir, I say to the writer of this message, to
its supporters and defenders, to expectant
rebels, that the Fortieth Congress will not repeal
the reconstruction acts; that we shall not
retreat a single inch from the positions we have
assumed. Congress will stand like a rock by
the reconstruction acts. Let everybody under-
stand that. I have undoubted faith that the
loyal people, black and white, of the rebel
States, and the men compromised by the rebel-
lion who want to see their States restored to
their practical relations with the Government,
will carry into effect the reconstruction meas-
ures of Congress. Then we shall see who will
push the loyal men of those States out of those
Chambers. The policy of Congress will in a
few months be an accomplished fact; the rebel
States will bo in the keeping of loyal aud
