THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
Saturday, May 2, 18G8.
The Chief'Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Curtis,
appeared and took the seats assigned to them
respectively.
The members ot the House of .Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Wasiibukxe, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The Journal of yesterday's proceeding of the
Senate, sitting for the tiial of the impeach-
ment, was read. '
The CHIEF J USTICE. The counsel will
proceed with the argument. Senators will
please give their attention.
Mr. STANBEHY. Mr. Chief Justice, first
of all, Senators, I must return my thanks for
the very great kindness shown me yesterday.
I was greatly in need of it. I am greatly ben-
efited l)y the rest it has afforded me. I feel
refreshed and better prepared, though at last
how poorly, for the woik that yet lies before
me. Nevertheless your courtesy so kindly, so
cheerfully extended, I shall not soon forget.
And now, Senators, before 1 enter upon this
case 1 must be allowed to speak in advance
my deliberate opinion of the case itself, not in
the way of rhodomontade, not that I hope to
carry anything before a body like this by the
mere expression of confidence ; not at all;
but still having examined this case from begin-
ning to end, having looked through it in all its
parts, I feel ready to say that there is not only
no case, but no shadow of a case. Oh 1 for an
hour of my ancient vigor that I might make
this declaration good ; but poorly'prepared 1
hope to make it good to the satisfaction of the
Senate that now hear ine.
STANTON NOT V." ITU IN Till! TENURE-OP-OPPIOE ACT.
The first clause of the first section declares
that every person then or thereafter holding
any civil office under an appointment with the
advice and consent of the Senate and due quali-
fication shall hold his office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and
qualified.
if the act contained no other provisions
qualifying this general clause, then it would be
clear,
1. That it would apply to all civil officers
■who held by appointment made by the Presi-
dent with the advice of the Senate, including
judicial officers as well as executive officers,
it gives all of them the same right to hold, and
subjects all of them to the same liability to be
removed. Prom the exercise of the power of
suspension by the independent act of the Pres-
ident, made applicable to any officer so hold-
ing, by the second section, judges of the United
States are expressly excepted. We find no
such exception, express or implied, as to the
exercise of the power of removal declared in
the first section. Judicial officers, as well as
executive officers, are made to hold by the same
tenure. They hold during the pleasure of the
President and the Senate, and cease to hold
when the President and Senate appoint a suc-
cessor.
2. It applies equally to officers whose tenure
of office, as fixed prior to the act, was to hold
during the pleasure of the President, as to those
who were to hold for a fixed term of years, or
during good behavior.
3. It "purports to take from the President the
power to remove any officer, at any time, for
any cause, by the exercise of his own power
alone. But it leaves him a power of removal
with the concurrence of the Senate. In this
process of'removal the separate action of the
President and the Senate is required. The
initiatory act must come from the President,
and from him alone. It is upon his action as
taken that the Senate proceeds, and they give
or withhold their consent to what he has done.
The manner in which the President may exer-
cise his part of the process is merely formal. It
maybe simply by the nomination of a successor
to the incumbent or the officer intended to be
removed. Then, upon the confirmation by the
Senate of such nomination, and the issuance
of a commission to him, the removal becomes j
complete. Or the President may exercise his
part of the process by issuing an order of re-
moval, followed by a nomination. Neither the
order for removal or the nomination works a
change in itself. Both are necessarily condi-
tional upon the subsequent action of the Sen-
ate. So, too, the order of removal, the nom-
ination, and the confirmation of the Senate are
not final. A further act remains to be done
before the appointment of the successor is com-
plete, and that is an executive act exclusively—
the signing of the commission by the President,.
Up to this point the President has a locus pen-
itential; for, although the Senate have advised
him to appoint his nominee, the President is
not bound by their advice, but may defeat all
the prior action by allowing the incumbent to
remain in office.
Thus far we have considered the first clause
of the first section of the act without reference
to the context. Standing alone it seems to have
a universal application to all civil officers, and
to secure all of them who hold by the concur-
rent action of the President and the Senate
against removal otherwise than by the same
concurrentaction and to make all of them liable
to removal by that concurrent action.
Are there exceptions to the universality of
the tenure of office so declared ? We say there
are:
]. Exceptions by necessaryimplication. Ju-
dicial officers of the United States come within
this exception ; for their tenure ot'ollioeis fixed
by the Constitution itself. They cannot be
removed either by the President, alone or by
the President and Senate conjointly. They
alone hold for life or during good behavior,
subject to only one mode of removal, and that
is by impeachment.
L'. Exceptions made expressly by the provis-
ions of the act; which make it manifest that it
was not intended for all civil officers of tho
United States. First of ail, this purpose is
indicated by the tille of the act. It is entitled
" An act regulating the tenure of certain civ i 1
offices"—not of all civil offices. Next, wo
find, that immediately succeeding the first
clause which, as has been shown, is in terms
of univeisal application, compiehending "every
person holding any civil office," the purpose
of restraining or limiting its generality is ex-
pressed in these words, " except as herein
otherwise provided for." This puts us at once
upon inquiry. It advises us that all persons
and all officers are not intended to be embraced
in the comprehensive terms used in the first
clause ; that some persons and some officers
are intended to be excepted and to be "other-
wise provided for ;" that some who do hold by
the concurrent action of the President and the
Senate are not to be secured against removal
by any other process than tho same concurrent
action.
What class of officers embraced by the gen-
eral provisions of the first clause are made to
come within the clause of exception? Thepro-
viso which immediately follows answers the
question. It is in these words :
" Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the President by whom they may have
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate."
We see that these seven heads of Department
are the only civil officers of the United States
which are especially designated. We see a
clear purpose to make some special provision
as to them. Being civil officers holding by the
concurrent appointment of the President and
the Senate, they would have been embraced by
the first general clause of the section, if there
had been no exception and no proviso. The
argument on the other side is, that, notwith-
standing the declared purpose to make excep-
tions, these officers are not made exceptions:
that notwithstanding there is a proviso as to
them, in which express provision is specially
for their tenure of office, we must still look to
the general clause to find their tenure of office.
It is a settled rule of construction that every
word of a statute is to be taken into account,
and that a proviso must have effect as much as
any other clause of the statute.
Upon looking into tins proviso we find its
purpose to be the fixing a tenure of office for
these seven officers. And how is that tenure
fixed? We find it thus declared : some of them
are given a tenure-of-ofiiee, others are not.
But, as to the favored class, as to that class in-
tended to be made safe and most secure, even
their tenure is not so ample and permanent as
the tenure given to all civil officers who, prior
to the act, held by the same tenure as them-
selves. By the general clause all civil officers
are embraced and protected from executive
removal, including as well those who hold by
no other tenure than "the pleasure of the
President." This tenure, "during the pleas-
ure of the President.," was the tenure by which
all these Cabinet officers held prior to the pas-
sage of this law. Now, for the first time, this
■proviso fixed another and safer tenure for cer-
tain Cabinet officers, not for all. It gave to
some of them the light to hold during the term
of one President and for one month of the
term of the succecding President; but it did
notgive that right fo all of them. It was given
only to a favored class, and the now tenure so
given to the favored class was not so favorable
as that given to other civil officers who had
theretofore held by precisely tho same uncer-
tain tenure, that is to say, " tile pleasure of the
President," for these other civil officers were
not limited to the term of one President and
one month afterwards, but their tenure was
just as secure from "the pleasure of the Pres-
ident," after the expiration of one presidential
term, and after the expiration of the first mouth
of the succeeding presidential term, as it was
before.
We see, then, that in fixing a new tenure
of office for Cabinet officers, the tenure given
to one class of them, and that the most favored,
was not as favorable as that given to othercivil
officers theretofore holding by the same tenure
with themselves. This favored class were not
to hold one moment after the expiration of
the month of the second presidential term. At
that punctual time the light of the President
to select his Cabinet would, even as to them,
return to him. If they were to remain after
that, it would be that it was his pleasure to
keep them and to give them a new tenure by
his choice in the regular mode of appointment.
But, as wo have seen, tho proviso makes a
distinction between Cabinet officers and divides
them into two classes, those holding by ap-
pointment of the President for the time being,
and those not appointed by him, but by his
predecessor, and holding only by his sufferance
or pleasure. If ever an intent was manifest
in a statute it is clear in this instance. There
is a division into two classes, a tenure of office
given to one class and withheld from the other.
Before tho passage of this act all Cabinet
officers holding under any President, whether
appointed by him or his predecessor, held by
the same tenure, " the pleasure of the Presi-
dent." This proviso makes a distinction be-
tween them never made before. It gives one
class a new and more seecurc tenure, and it
leaves the other class without such new ten-
ure. One class was intended to be protected,
the other not.
Now comes thequestion. Upon whatground
was this distinction made ? Why was it that a
better title, a stronger tenure was given to one
plass tlian tn the other? The answer is eiven
class than to the other? The answer is given
by the proviso itself. The officers in the Cab-
inet of a President, who were nominated by
him, who were appointed by him with the con-
currence of the Senate, are those to whom this
i new and better tenure is given. They are 0%
