1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8453
to the old system of setting this article in motion
without having the tax paid.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word for
the purpose of making some leuiarlcs in reply
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.J
He seems to misunderstand my amendment,
and if he will give me his attention I will try
to explain it. In the first place, these distill-
ers who are to be authorized to manufacture
spirits for exportation are prohibited by the
terms of this amendment from manufacturing
spirituous liquor for general use. We classify
the distillers into two classes. Those who
manufacture for consumption in this country
are obliged to pay at the distillery warehouse
all the taxes levied, as provided in the first
section of the bill. Those who manufacture
for export are not to manufacture for any other
purpose. Therefore the assessor and collector
and every officer will know that the product
of a distillery so designated is to go forward
in bond for export. The product of a distill-
ery not so designated cannot be removed from
the distillery warehouse until the taxes are paid.
We therefore classify and separate the busi-
nesses absolutely.
Now, as to its being a monopoly to be author-
ized by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
it amounts to nothing in that respect. To be
sure but a small number of persons can live by
manufacturing spirits for export, but there will
be a sufficient number to enable them to com-
pete with each other and keep the piice at a
proper rate as compared with the price for
homo consumption, because these manufac-
turers come in competition with the producers
of spirituous liquors iu other countries; and
inasmuch as a distillery established at Peoria,
for example, to manufacture for export cannot,
by any legal process, get the product of the
distillery into the general trade of the country,
they must sell it for export, and therefore they
have to take the price which the market of the
world enables them to get. Whenever spiritu-
ous liquors are put upon railroads and rivers
for exportation there is danger that they may
be diverted. But the smaller the number of
persons engaged in the manufacture of these
spirits who are authorized to transport in bond
the less the danger that they will be taken off
by the way, and frauds committed upon the
Government. The question is whether you will
have live or six men in this country authorized
to export in bond, or whether you will have two
or three hundred of them.
Mr. TRICE. If I understand the foice of
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] it is simply to nar-
row down the danger, so to speak. His argu-
ment admits that it is not safe to allow distill-
ers promiscuously to put their liquors upon the
railroads and steamboats of the country in
bond, and he proposes to correct the evil by
limiting that privilege to a certain number of
men to be named and specified by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
Now, I do not believe there is any safety in
allowing any man to ship a gallon of distilled
spirits before the tax upon it has been paid.
We have tried this thing for years ; it has been
guarded by all the ingenuity that could be
broughtto bear upon the question by those best
calculated to advise wisely and well in regard to
it: and wo have failed signally in every case. The
very moment the spirits have left the distillery
and been put in transit we have been cheated
out of the tax upon it; and I am afraid the
men in that business now are of that class who
will cheat us every oppoitunity that is offered.
I do not believe there is any secuiity to the
Government in collecting this tax unless you
compel it to be paid before the spirits leave the
distillery. Let the tax be paid at the placo
where it is manufactured, and then, if it is
exported, when it gets to the place of sale get
the certificate of the party to whom it is con-
signed or sold, and when that certificate gets
back to this country let the drawback be paid.
If it takes three months, very well; if it takes
three years, very well. It is a matter of no
importance to me how long it takes. But I do
not propose that they shall get the benefit of
the drawback until it is established by a cer-
tificate that the liquor has gone to a foreign
country, never to return. Thousands and thou-
sands of barrels have been shipped for export
which never was exported at all, and the tax
upon it was never paid, and never will be.
This proposition is only tinkering with the
matter without securing any degree of safety.
If I ever get the opportunity I shall propose
the same amendment that I tried to have con-
sidered a few minutes ago, providing that no
liquor shall be removed from the place of dis-
tillation until the tax has been paid upon it;
and when I offer that amendment I will give
my reasons for it.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
jlr. PAINE. I renew it. I wish the com-
mittee to understand what is the extent of this
foreign commerce in distilled spirits and alco-
hol, for the benefit of which my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] proposes to
open wide the door to frauds upon the revenue
by the establishment of this system of trans-
portation in bond. I asked the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, here iu his
seat, on yesterday or-the day before, what was
the amount of this exportation of distilled
spirits and alcohol. He informed me that the
first cost of the manufacture of the alcohol and
rum exported did not exceed $5,000,000. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] tells us that the amount exported and
used in manufacturing cosmetics, &c., does
not, in the aggregate, exceed five million
gallons. The gentleman remarks that he did
not include cosmetics in this estimate ; so that
the exportation amounts to live million gallons.
Now, let us put this export trade at the
highest figures, those of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. We will say
that the cost of the manufacture of the distilled
spirits and alcohol exported is $5,000,000:
that it actually costs the parties who export it
that amount. If that be so, then I take it it
would be a very liberal allowance if we say of
those engaged in this export trade that they
make a net profit of twenty per cent, on this
cost of $5,000,000 ; that would be a net profit
of $1,000,000. Now, let us see what we lose
in order to enable these exporters to realize
$1,000,000 on this tiade. In the first place the
internal tax on spnits, the first cost of which is
85,000,000, will be not less than §7,500,000,
for the tax per gallon under this bill is over
fifty cents, while the cost is less than thirty-
five cents.
In the first place this tax of $7,500,000 is
not paid to the Government. Tho exporters
take the commodity free of that tax. It will
be safe to say, Mr. Chairman, that by adopting
this system of transportation iu bond we
furnish opportunities for frauds upon the
'Treasury to an equal or greater amount. 1
therefore believe that besides remitting the
$7,500,000 of taxes, we shall incur an actual
loss of at least $7,500,000 through frauds on
the Treasury, in transportation in bond through
the United States for the pretended purpose
of exportation. So that the Government will
actually lose, I think, not less than $7,500,001)
in order to enable the gentleman's friends to
realize a profit of $1,000,000.
Now, if there can be no export trade in dis-
tilled spirits for the benefit of these exporters,
without invoking the United States Govern-
ment iu this seiious loss, then I am opposed to
the existence of any such export trade. 1 say
frankly that I am willing to crush it—nay, it
must be our duty to crush it—it it cannot be
carried on except, at such an immense expense
to the people of the countiy. Unless some
other plan can be devised, unless the system
1 of drawbacks which has been propose,! by my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Looas,] or some
other system, will obviate this great loss to the
Government, I am in favor of abolishing alto-
gether this export trade ia distilled spirits.
Sir, it is at host but mere bagatellp. It is
utterly insignificant! It is not worth while for
us to expend our efforts to preserve it if it
involves an annual loss to the country qf mil-
lions of dollars.
Now, sir, lot the plan which has been sug-
gested by the gentleman from Illinois be fully
explained, and if it proves to be one by which
we can allow this export trade in distilled
spirits to live without costing the Government
of the United Stales $7,500,000 or $10,000,000
or $15,000,000 annually, then let it live; if
not, let it disappear.
Mr. ALLISON. _ Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word iu relation to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell.] But before doing so, I wish
to reply briefly to my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine.] I cannot see how it is possible
that the Government can lose anything by the
exportation of any article.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman will
yield one moment I desire to say that, at the
suggestion of some gentlemen around me, I
have modified my amendment so that there
shall be no discretionary power vested in the
Commissioner, but that whoever applies for
authority to manufacture, especially for export-
ation, according to the provisions of the law,
shall be authorized to do so.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, the amount
of distilled spirits in this country paying the
tax must necessarily be measured by the con-
sumption. Therefore, if we export five mil-
lion gallons or ten million gallons it cannot
affect the amount of money that goes into the
Treasury, because whatever amount is neces-
sary for consumption in this country will either
pay the tax or evade it by some fraudulent
means. But I want to call the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts who offered-this
amendment to a proposition which I think is
absolutely conclusive upqn this question. By
the provisions which we have already inserted
in this bill we are about to impose, indirectly,
special taxes which will amount to about four-
teen cents per gallon on all distilled spirits
manufactured in this country, and this indirect
taxation cannot be in any manner evaded even
by those who desire to export distilled spirits.
Now, I submit to the gentleman, whether
there will be any spirits exported when there is
an indirect taxation of fourteen cents per gal-
lon on spirits. I believethatbythisindirecttax
we shall actually cut off most of the exporta-
tion of distilled spirits. One of these methods
of taxation was adopted to-day, on the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boutwell;] and I should have opposed it if
I had fully understood the proposition. That
amendment imposes a tax of two dollars for
every twenty bushels of grain mashed, amount-
ing to about three and one third cents per gal-
lon—a much higher tax than was proposed by
tho committee. Then we propose to impose a
tax of four dollars on each barrel, making ten
cents more per gallon.
But there is another difficulty in the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The Supreme Court has decided that the Gov-
ernment cannot authorize any special persons
or class of persons to carry on a business.
The court held if we adopt any principle here
wo must let every man who desires to manu-
facture spirits for exportation do so. If we
license one man we must license every other
man in the United States to manufacture spirits
for exportation. We reasoned in a circle and
fell back upon the proposition in the bill to
allow the distillers to ship the goods in bond
to the ports of entry for exportation. So I see
no advantage in the pioposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts over the proposition
now contained in the printed bill before the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of half past
four o'clock p. m. having arrived, under the
order of the House the committee will take a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
