22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
patriotic men. We shall then see who will i
Jon>ui:ice a patriotic Congress for adopting a
po.:cy that took the governments of the rebel
Suites out of the control of unrepentant rebels,
into whose hands a recreant President had
placed thetu.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, if it were
possible to suppress the message entirely, to
keep it out of sight, to prevent its being read
by the American people, I should not be sur-
prised at the motion which has been made. If
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
could prevent the people of the United States
from reading the arguments contained in this
document I do not know that I should consider
Lim, from his stand-point and occupying his
position, very unreasonable. Standing here
now a? the advocates of a system of measures
condemned by the people, confessedly in a
minority, as those Senators now are—in a
minority of the people of the United States, as
shown by their latest verdict, rebuked, repudi-
ated by the people—my friend [Mr. Coxxess]
smiles; I shall soon come to his case—I am
no: surprised in the least that there should be
a desire to suppress arguments and information
of the character contained in this message. If
the (question were only whether it should be
printed I should be willing to leave it where
the Senator from Massachusetts who last
spoke has left it, for the Senate to decide. I
think that entirely immaterial. The public
have read it; it has been spread before the
people of the United States, aud I should be
satisfied to leave it there if the other Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Michigan had not denounced the document in
language which, to my mind, I will not say is
improper in this body—that is not for me to
say—but denounced it in a manner which I
think it does not deserve.
Now, what have they said? The Senator
from Michigan begins by saying it is a libel,
and I think he said an insult to the Congress
of the United States. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts said he had often said, had been in
the habit of saying, that the President of the i
United States was a traitor equally guilty with 1
Jefferson Davis. !
Mr. SUMNER. That is not what I said.
I said the successor of Jefferson Davis.
Mr. DIXON. The successor of Jefferson
Davis—how? In his principles, of course. The
Senator does not claim that he is the successor
in office. He says the President is the suc-
cessor of Jefferson Davis and equally guilty, and
still he complains that the President has been
guilty of a libel. It struck me at the time that
if there was any competition of vehement lan-
guage between the President and that Senator
it would be very easy to decide who in vitu-
peration had the advantage. He who de-
nounces the President as a traitor and the suc-
cessor of Jefferson Davis is uot the man to
complain of any severity of language on the
part of the President of the United States.
Now, sir, what is this message? Is it de-
serving of the severe attacks which have been
made upon it by these two distinguished Sen-
ators? Is it a libel? Is it violent in language?
Does it show, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says, bad temper? In the first place,
what is the duty of the President? The Con-
stitution says that he shall from time to time
give to the Congress information of the state
of the Union, and recommend to their consid-
eration such measures as he shall judge neces-
sary and expedient. It has always been cus-
tomary for the President of the United States
at the opening of a session of Congress to send
in a formal message, to give that information
annually, or at each session, with that formal-
ity and solemnity which attaches to this docu- i
ment. He has now done it. I confess that I I
can see nothing of violence or ill temper, much !
less of a libelous character, in this message, j
Hp expresses strong opinions—with regard to ,
what? With regard to the constitutionJity of j
certain laws now on the statute-book. Why, i
Fir, ih it the first  j
J he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn- ►
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call the attention of the Senate
to the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is the joint resolution (S. 11. No. (iii) pledging
the faith of the United States to the payment
of the public debt in coin or its equivalent.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let this matter
go over.
Mr. POMEROY. The unfinished business,
I suppose, is before the Senate, and I hope we
shall proceed with it. It does not need any
vote to call it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the order
of business be postponed in order that the
Senator from Connecticut may go 011 with his
speech.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
the order of the day being laid aside informally
in order to finish this matter, but I do not
wish it to lose its place. Will not that be satis-
factory?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; I merely
made the suggestion in order to enable the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to conclude his speech.
Mr. POMEROY. It may-be laid aside
informally, but this debate is interminable and
it will not be concluded to-day, probably.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is nobody going to
speak except the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. POMEROY. Ob, yes; there will be a
good many after he gets through, I presume.
Laying the unfinished business aside informally
wi!i not close the debate. I should not like
to have the Senator from Connecticut broken
off in the middle of his speech, but there will
be other remarks made on this subject, aud
we may as well go on with the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I see no objection, _ of
course, to the Senator from Connecticut finish-
ing his remarks, to which we all listen with so
much interest, but I doubt the expediency of
continuing this discussion to-day to the exclu-
sion of the question presented by the Senator
from Vermont. That question bears directi-
on the national credit. It is a profitable dis-
cussion. It is one which must end, I trust, in
substantial advantage to our country. What
is the other? It is a proposition to pay a com-
pliment to a President of the United States
who I submit, deserves no such compliment.
I hope, therefore, that the discussion of the
question of printing the message will not be
continued to-day to the exclusion of the more
important one relating to the national finances,
although I for one am always glad to listen to
my friend from Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. I had no intention of making
a speech. My remarks are entirely called out
by what was said by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and I should be glad, I confess, to
be allowed to conclude them. I think this is
the time to reply to that s'everity of remark
in which the Senator has indulged in what he
has called an ''unprofitable discussion," com-
menced by himsplf.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will not be
postponed. I am willing that by unanimous
consent it be laid aside informally, to enabfe my j
friend from Connecticut to finish his -remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent the order of the day will be post- !
poned informally for the purpose of enabling |
the Senator on the floor to conclude his speech, j
The Chair hears no objection. |
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, when the '
morning hour expired I was going on to say |
that it was no unusual thing for the President
of the United States to speak of the constitu-
tionality of a law. The statute-book is full of
laws of questionable constitutionality in the
opinion of some men; and certainly if a law
is supposed to be unconstitutional no better
reason can be given for its repeal; nor is it
any reflection upon Congress to say that a bill
is unconstitutional. The President says that
he has the misfortune to differ from Congress.
That, too, has been my severe misfortune; I
have been compelled to differ from Congress.
Is that criminal on my part? Is it disrespect-
ful in me to say so? Was it disrespectful when
1 objected to the passage of this very bill on
the ground that it was bo palpably unconstitu-
tional that for me to vote for it would be a
violation, a conscious, known violation of my
otlicial oath? Did anybody say that was dis-
respectful? And when the bill passed was I
bound to say then that I thought it constitu-
tional? Have we come to that that the opin-
ions of a Senator or a President with regard
to the unconstitutionality of a measure cannot
be expressed in earnest language? It seems
to me the Senator from Michigan, with all
his ability, with all his aeuteness, will not bo
prepared to say this. I think I have heard
him on this floor not only question the consti-
tutionality of laws on the statute-book, but
convince those who listened to him that he
was right.
What, then, is the objection to the spirit of
this document? The Senator says the Presi-
dent provokes resistance, insidiously, covertly
provokes resistance to this act. I confess I
cannot see that. If it is done it is done so
insidiously as to escape my vision, and I do not
klow that the people of the South are any more
likely to see it than we are here. The Presi-
dent takes pains to declare that all that he says
with regard to it is said with respectful defer-
ence to Congress. Let us see what he does say:
"On this momentous question and some of the
measures Browing out of it I have had the misfor-
tune to differ from Congress, and have expressed my
; convictions without reserve, though with becoming
defereneo to the opinion of the legislative depart-
ment."
Nowwhatis "bac^mingdeference" mayper-
haps be a subject of difference between the
Senator from Michigan and the President. The
Senator may demand more deference and a
more deferential attitude on the part of the
President than he himself would be willing to
return. I do not know that he would do so,
though he has expressed himself somewhat
warmly; but I do not think that in the long
list of the shining virtues of that Senator defer-
ence toward the President of the United States
would be the most conspicuous. The Presi-
dent proceeds to say :
"Those convictions are not only unchanged but
strengthened by subsequent events and further reflec-
tion. Ttio transcendent importance of the subject
will be a sufficient excuse for calling your attention
to some of the rontons which have so strongly influ-
enced my own judgment. The hopo that wo may all
linnlly concur in a mode of settlement, consistent at
once with our truo interests and with our sworn
duties to the Constitution, is too natural and too just
to be easily relinquished."
If the President is too sanguine in that hope,
if he is too confiding, if lie believes too readily
that Congress will bow to the will of the nation
as expressed at the ballot-box, certainly it is
not matter of condemnation and is not disre-
spectful. It may be that he is too sanguine.
I think lie is. 1 confess I have no hopes, for
one, that Congress will retrace its steps. I
think that probably the advice of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] will be fol-
lowed, and that Congress will adhere to its
measures; but if the President sees fit to express
a hope to the contrary I am not prepared
to condemn him, nor am I prepared to say
that in that there is anything disrespectful
to Congress, nor do I think the Senator him-
self on reflection will consider it so. The Pres-
ident then goes into an argument, certainly one
of great ability. He says:
"Being sincerely convinced that these views are
correct X would be unfaithful to my duty if I did not
recommend the repeal of the acts of Congress which
place ten of tho southern States under tho domiua-
tion of military masters, If calm reflection shall
satisfy a majority of your honorable bodies that the
acts referred to are not only a violation of the national
faith but in direct conflict with tho Constitution, I
dare not permit myself to doubt that you will imme-
diately strike them from the statute-book."
Is it necessary to argue that there is nothing
in that disrespectful, much less libelous ?
Where -is the libel ? Where is the charge upon
Congress of not having been actuated by
motives of public policy and public good?
Let the Senator if he can point it out. The
