2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
capable of any enormity. Suppose these frag-
mentary bodies should enact a law abolishing
the Supreme Court. It is true such a law would
be unconstitutional. But up to the time of its
being declared so, by the terms of his bill it
would be valid. A decision of the Supreme
Court would terminate its validity ; but, in the
meantime, there is 110 Supreme Court, and
hence there can be no such decision. If this
is what the gentleman means to bring about he
must have more faith than anybody else has in
the possible restoration of his own political
party to power in Congress.
But, supposing the defect remedied, what
are the purposes of the bill? The gentleman
means to create a third branch of the national
Legislature, a body wholly unknown to the
Constitution. He means to enable a majority
of the judges of the Supreme Court to convert
the qualilied veto of the President into an
absolute one. It was a great stride toward
the creation of unlimited power when the Con-
stitution authorized the President to forbid the
enactment of a law unless by two thirds of the
Representatives of the States and people. But
here is a proposition to enable the President,
with the aid of three judges, appointed by him
and 111 no way responsible to the people, to for-
bid the enactment of a law even by the unani-
mous vote of all the Representatives. What
a monstrous proposition is this.
The power of the Supreme Court in treating
as null and void an act of Congress is great, but
it has its constitutional limits. It does not ex-
teud to all laws. There are certain questions
upon which the power of Congress is supreme,
upon which that body is the sole and linal judge
of the constitutionality of its own proceedings.
What would be thought of the Supreme Court
annulling an act of Congress declaring war?
Piesideut Buchanan believed it to be uncon-
stitutional to coerce States. If he had re-
mained in power he would have vetoed the
acts of Congress providing the means to put
down the rebellion. With the help of the bill
under consideration he would have sent John
Doe and Richard Roe into the same tribunal
which pronounced the Dred Scott decision,
where his Attorney General would have been
even too glad to back up his written opinions.
The decision of that tribunal, as then eonsti-
tutedj is hardly even matter of conjecture. I
am not willing to say the result would have
been satisfactory to the learned author of this
bill, but I will not risk my reputation for vera-
city or judgment by saying it would not.
The Supreme Court has already frequently
held that it cannot decide political questions.
It cannot determine whether a given organiza-
tion is or is not a State. An act of Congress
admitting a new member into the Union is not
open to the supervision of the Supreme Court
except for the mere purposes of construction.
That tribunal may say in a proper case and
between proper parties what Congress meant
by the language used, but it cannot question
the right of Congress to admit the State. What
are and what arc not States of the Union is to
be declared by Congress, and from its decision
in the premises there is no appeal and no pos-
sibility of reversal or revision of it.
The people of Arkansas, acting under the
authority of an act of Congress, have formed
themselves into a.body-politic to be called the
State ol Arkansas. Their frame of govern-
ment is now before Congress for approval or
rejection. I he action of Congress in the prem-
ises, if in the shape of a bill, will be pre-
sented to the President. Andrew Johnson, if
in power, will veto it for unconstitutionality.
Jt will be passed by the requisite two thirds
of both Houses over his veto. Under the gen-
tleman's bill the President could invoke the aid
of a majority of the judges of the Supreme
Court to set at naught the will not only of the
people of Arkansas, but of all the people of
the United States, as expressed through their
legally constituted Representatives. The mere
statement of such a proposition is enough to
condemn it unless, indeed, in the estimation
of those who believe that communities and
individuals forfeit nothing by the commission
of crime.
Great as is the power of the Supreme Court,
I deny that in any case it extends to deciding
laws to be unconstitutional. It decides the
rights of parties in proper existing cases, but
it can make no decree rendering void an act
of Congress. To call forth its functions there
must be a complainant and a defendant, by
whatever names called. There must be some-
thing claimed on the one side and denied on
the other; and the sole business of the court
is to decide the particular question raised. In
doing this it may refuse to consider that as
valid law which purports '0 be so. It may base
its refusal upon what it declares to be the un-
constitutionality of the laiv; but that declara-
tion is no part of the decision, no part of the
judgment of the court. The judgment binds
only the parties. The declared ground of the
judgment binds nobody, not even the parties,
it does not bind the court. That tiibunal in
the next similar case may hold the law valid,
and if wrong be done by the vacillation it is
without remedy.
In fact, declaring a law to be unconstitu-
tional, and basing a judgment between parties
upon that declaration, is nothing more than
giving notice to the world that the court will
probably decide other similar cases the same
way. . ' . .
llow different is all this from the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. lie
would allow the Supreme Court upon the mere
motion of the President, without parties, with-
out argument by any one interested to sustain
the law, to strike from the statute-books laws
upon which the lives and property of millions
depend without the possibility of their being
heard in defense of their rights. 'The propo-
sition is subversive of all the principles which
govern courts of justice. What becomes of
the right of trial by jury secured to me in the
Constitution itself? What becomes of my right
to be confronted with my accuser; my right
to hear the testimony upon which my case
hangs ; my right to plead my own cause before
the tribunal which judges me, if that tribunal
may in my absence, without notice to me, at
the instance of other parties unconnected with,
possibly antagonistic to me, sweep from the
statute-books the laws upon which my rights
depend?
It is true my case maybe hard if the Supreme
Court should decide my neighbor's similar
case against him after full hearing on the
ground of the unconstitionality of a law. But
the decision does not conclude me. As to me
the law still exists; I may present my case and
invoke the law and be heard in its defense.
The author of the bill has good reason to know
that the minds of judges change, that judges
themselves change. The same or other judges
may hold the law to be valid. At the very
least I will not be condemned in person or
property without a hearing.
I have said that the minds of judges change.
My colleague himself is a notable example
of this, if any gentleman has the curiosity to
see how slight a circumstance is required to
produce the most surprising oscillations in the
opinions of grave and learned men sworn to
administer the law according to their con-
sciences, let him refer to the case of Guthrie's
appeal in 1 Wright's Pennsylvania Supreme
Court Reports, and read on page 23 the able
opinion of one of the judges. Some members
of the bench examine questions, determine
them, and adhere to the result arrived at.
Others drift with the current like a log in a
stream and are of precisely the same use in
shaping the course of tilings around them.
Now, a bench composed in whole or in part
of wooden judges might drift here and there
with the changing wind and tide, and might
hold a law null and void to-day which it held
valid yesterday, and may hold so to-morrow.
What provision does the learned gentleman's
bill make for this state of things? The judges,
at the instance of the President, may deijlare
a law null and void. Presently a case may
come up between actual parties involving its
validity, and may rind the judges in the condi-
tion of those who decided Guthrie's appeal,
swayed away from the moorings and on the
opposite side of the stream. Can they reverse
their former decree ? If so, their business looks
very like repealing and reenacting laws; and
if so, the project promises us very little advan-
tage in the way of certainty and stability. If
(hey cannot reverse themselves they must do
injustice to the party relying on the law, and
decide his case against their solemn convic-
tions of duty.
But why is this extraordinary measure pro-
posed? Have the instances of unconstitutional
legislation been so frequent within the period
of our country's history as to require some
guard beyond that provided by the Constitu-
tion ? In the eighty years of our existence,
with legislation to the extent of volumes by
every Congress, with litigation requiring the
constant action of the Supreme Court, it is re-
markable that so few cases can be found of acts
declared void on this account. During the
whole period no important act of Congress has
been pronounced unconstitutional. Certainly
there is nothing in the past which warrants the
creating of so extraordinary a jurisdiction.
But why is this measure proposed at this
time? What questionable acts of Congress
are in the mind of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania? Why does he desire to submit the
action of the Representatives of the people to
this peculiar supervision just now? An exam-
ination of his speeches during the present ses-
sion will disclose the reason. He is aiming at
the reconstruction acts. Tie thinks the States
lately in rebellionare valid States of the Union,
with all the rights and powers of other States.
In his speech of March 23 last., alluding to the
passage of the first of these acts, he says:
"The fact is that legal State governments did then
exist ill every one of these States, and had existed in
some of them from the date of the Declaration of
Independence; in others from thetimeof theirbeiug
taken into the Union; State governments republican
inform and fact: State governments that Congress
had often recognized and acknowledged; Stategov-
ernments that arc indestructible by any power less
than tilo voice of the people, because that was the
power that called them into being."
If this proposition were true then I agree
with my colleague that the reconstruction acts
are unconstitutional. Butisittrue? Are the
organizations existing in the South States of
the Union, and have they been so recognized
by Congress? The latter part of this question
is of easy solution when the former is an-
swered. Organizations corresponding to some
extent with these have been recognized as
States of the Union : that is to say, organiza-
tions covering respectively the same territories
and existing up to 1800. The question, there-
fore, resolves itself into this: are the present
organizations identical with those? To de-
termine this question certain principles upon
which depend the identity of a succeeding
Government with the former one present them-
selves. _ Kvery civilized Government contains
within itself the elements of change under the
operations of which it remains the same Gov-
ernment. The death of a monarch and the
accession of his successor, the running out of
a dynasty and the substitution of a new one,
the change of constitutions under proceedings
instituted in accordance with the provisions
of the old ones, are familiar instances of this.
Wherever the changed Government comes in
by the operation of law. whatever the change
; may be, it is a mere continuation of the okl
■ Government. But where the change is b* force
and m violation of law, that is tu"say by icvo-
; lution, the Government thereby formed is a
! one T0 extent ot the change. Let me
illustrate this. Ko one can pretend thai the
■ empire ot I-ranee is the same Government
; with the republic of France which preceded
it, nor that either is the same with the mon-
archy which gave place to the republic. Again,
j l|the revolution in kngiand which resulted in
the accession of \\ iliiam of Orange was a true
revolution, then his Government was a new one.
lhis result is avoided in Knglish history by
