1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
from Kentucky insisting upon his right to tho
floor at tliis time.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I ask 110 such
committal from the honorable Senator. I
decide such questions for myself, without regard
to his opinion or his judgment. If it had been
suggested to rae that I should yield the floor
for the purpose I would not have hesitated an
instant: but when the floor is claimed to be
taken from me as a matter of right by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and when he goes further
and calls me to order, I controvert his author-
ity; I deny his right to call me to order. I
understand the Chair to have decided that 1
am entitled to the floor; and if so, I suppose
I may proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator cannot proceed until the question of order
is settled. 1 he Senator from Michigan claims
that the question raised by him is a question
of privilege, even of such privilege as to justify
taking the floor from a Senator on the floor.
That question the Chair has already stated that
he will submit to the decision of the Senate.
That is now the question for the Senate to
decide. The question is, is the Senator from
Kentucky, under the circumstances, entitled
to the floor?
Mr. CONNESS. I rise only to ask the
Senator from Kentucky to yield the right that
he feels he that is entitled to on this occasion. I
think that is the way to settle it, and lhope the
honorable Senator, always courteous, will take
that course.
Iilr. DAVIS. It must first be decided by
the Senate whether I have the right to the floor
or not. If the Senate decide that I have not
the right there is an end of the question. If
the Senate decide that I have the right it will
be then my privilege to waive it or not, and I
will exercise that privilege when the right is
accorded to me, and not before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, has the Senator from Kentucky the right
to the floor'} The Chair will put the question
to the Senate in that form, and as many as
agree that he has the right will say ay, and
those opposed will say no.
The question being put, it was determined
in the affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator front Kentucky is" entitled to the floor,
and will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, now, with much
cheerfulness, I yield the floor for the purpose
indicated by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. 'Then, Mr. President, with
the leave of the Senate, I beg to present the
following resolution :
llesolved, That tho message of the House of Repre-
sentatives relating to the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, President of tho United States, be referred
to a select committee of seven, to consider and repoit
thereon.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but one objection
to make to that resolution. I am very indif-
ferent as to the reference of th« message to a
committee; but I would call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that this is a mere notice
that the House of Representatives intend to
impeach the President; impeachment cannot
be without articles of impeachment presented;
and the Senate have no authority as a legis-
lative body to act in relation to a question of
impeachment. The Constitution requires them
to be organized into a court on eveiy question
of impeachment which comes before them,
and over that court the Chief Justice of the
United States is to preside when the President
of the United States is impeached. In my
view—and I submit it to the Senate with a
very clear conviction in my own mind—we
have no authority in our legislative capacily
to act in reference to an impeachment. We
can entertain no motion in relation to it. The
first step is to resolve ourselves into a court,
and the President being the party whose im-
peachment is proposed we are to call in the
Chief J ustice as presiding officer, and then it
is competent for the court to make its own
Orders, according to the Constitution and the
rules of law.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I believe
the course pointed out by the honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware is not in accordance with
the precedents in such cases, certainly not ac-
cording to the precedent furnished by the case
of Judge Peck, who was impeached in the year
1829. In that case, while the Senate was in
session, a message was sent from the House of
Representatives by Mr. J ames Buchanan and
Mr. Henry R. Storrs, two of their members,
and was in the following words:
"Mr. President: We have been directed in the
name of the llou&e of Representatives and of alt tho
people of the United States, to impeach James H.
Peek,judgcof the district court of the United States
tor tho district of Missouri, of high misdemeanors in
office, and to acquaint the Senate that tho IIouso of
Representatives will ill due time exhibit particular
articles of impeachment against him and make good
tho same. We have also been directed to demand
that the Senate take order for the appearance of tho
said James 11. Peck to answer said impeachment."
And they withdrew.
Then follow the proceedings of the Senate
on the same matter:
" Tho Senate procoeded to consider the last-inen-
tioncd message, and,
" On motion of Mr. Tazewell,
" Hesalvcd, That it bo rnterrod to a select commit-
tee, to consist of three members, to consider and re-
port thereon.
"Ordered, That Mr. Tazowell, Mr. Webster, and
Mr. Uoli be the committee,"
That was the preliminary proceeding in that
case, and this at present accords precisely with
it in all its features.
Mr. POMEROY. The precedent that has
been read has always been the practice of the
Senate in these preliminary proceedings ; but
when managers appear on the part of the House
of Representatives and present their articles
they present them to the court of impeach-
ment. This, however, is riot the presentation
of articles ; it is only a presentation of notice,
and that notice is always given to the Senate,
and it is in order for the benate to receive the
notice; but when the managers appear, they
appear before the Senate sitting as a court.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have 110 doubt that the
mode proponed by the honorable member from
Michigan 13 the correct one. As a preliminary
movement, a committee is always appointed
for the purpose of inquiring what steps it is
necessary to take when an impeachment as-
sumes a form which will make it the duty of
the Senate to try the party impeached. 1 un-
derstand the resolution proposed by the hon-
orable member is that a committee be appointed
to take into consideration the message which
we have received from tho House ot Repre-
sentatives and to recommend such measures as
may be deemed expedient by the committee.
That, I believe, has bean done in all antece-
dent cases, and I know 110 reason why it should
not be done in this case, though perhaps it
would be more advisable if the resolution had
been delayed for a day ; but that is a matter
entirely within the control of the Senate.
Mr. CONKIjINU. Having before me the
proceedings of the Senate in 1802 on the im-
peachment of J udge Humphreys, of Tennessee,
1 suggest to the Sunator who oilers this resolu-
tion tor convenience sake that he include the
words ''to be appointed by the Chair," so that
the resolution will read "a select committee
of seven, to be appointed by the Chair," &e.
It will save time to insert these words, and be
within the precedents.
Mr. HOWARD. I accept the suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, t he reso-
lution is so modified.
The resolution was agreed to; and the Pres-
ident jpro tempore subsequently announced the
committee to consist of the following Senators;
Mr. Howard, Mr. Trumbull, Mr. (Joxklixg,
Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Mokton, Mr. Pojieroy,
and Mr. Jonxsox.
presentation of bills to president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor on
the bill regularly under consideration, which is
the bill (S. No. 300) regulating the presentation
of bills to the President and the return of the
Mr. DAVIS. I had about concluded my
remarks; I only wanted to add a single sentence
further; I was remarking that one of the evils
of our American system was too much and too
hasty legislation both in the B'ederal Govern-
ment and in the State governments, and that I
thought both these evils would be more stimu-
lated and promoted by this bill. If the bill
should fail, I think the effect would be to give
more tardiness, more time for deliberation to
the legislation of Congress, and especially in
cases where there should be a disagreement
between Congress and the Executive as to
whether a bill should pass or not, when the
question upon the veto was pending. For the
reasons I have briefly stated I am opposed to
this bill, and shall vote against its passage.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move that the further consideration of the pend-
ing bill be laid aside, and that the Senate take
up the bill which was postponed at the close
of the session yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. Ii. No. 439) additional and supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and the acts
supplementary thereto; the question being on
Mr. Davis's amendment to the motion of Mr.
Doolittle, to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Mr.
President, a fatal fallacy underlies and vitiates
all tho anti-reconstruction literature which the
fertile intellect of the double-headed Opposi-
tion has produced duriag the pendency of oar
great struggle. It is assumed that a population
guilty of treason, and who have been in armed
rebellion for the subversion of the Constitu-
tion and the disintegration of the Union, aie
entitled to all the political rights which a loyal
people can claim, who have lavished wealth
and blood in defense of the Government. That
false premise sends its poison up through every
branch of the ingenious and able arguments
of the Democratic Senators, and the fruitage
of their brains becomes apples of discord,
which are thrown into every assembly and
market-place of the nation. An argument
which confounds innocence and guilt, loyalty
and treason, is necessarily fallacious, and will
be rejected by the strong sense of an intelli-
gent people. The masses determine the logic
of speech and events by the nature of its con-
clusions. The people will not be deceived by
tricks of rhetoric nor accept a patch-work of
temporary and petty issues for the vital ques-
tions which naturally spring from our civil
war and connect themselves with the perma-
nent welfare of the country. My faith, sir.
in the perpetuity of republican governments
rests upon the firm conviction that the average
judgment of an intelligent people is more saga-
cious and wise than the deductions of their
leaders, and that they will be true to the in-
stinct of self-preservation in spite of the be-
wildering lures of a false but fascinating polit-
ical philosophy. National welfare and the
success of self-government now, more than at
most periods ot our history, are the paramount
motives of popular action.
The learned Senator from Pennsylvania
made the somewhat novel announcement in
his late able speech that a desire on tne one
hand to secure, and 011 the other to perpetuate,
political power sustained this protracted con-
test upon reconstruction. He is an authority
for the Democracy, and I will not presume to
question tho correctness of his statement so
far as it relates to his own party ; to that extent
I suspect his is thegeneral impression, and will
be the verdict of posterity. But, sir, 1 must
deny his right to speak for the dominant party,
a party which, in the brief administration of its
martyred leader, has done more to advance
and establish the rights of t/ien than the great
parties of the past did in a century of ordinary
history.
