372
SUPPLEMENT TO
eers of Ills own selection; they are his chosen
agents. He has once recommended them to
the Senate as fit persons for the public trust,
and they have obtained their office through his
selection and choice. The theory here is, that
having had one free opportunity of choice,
having once exercised his right of selection,
he shall be bound by it. He shall not dismiss
his own selected agent upon his own pleasure
or caprice. He is, in legal language, " es-
topped'' by the selection he has made, and is
made incapable by his own act of dissolving
the official relation which he has imposed on
himself. Having selected his Cabinet officer,
he must take him as a man takes his chosen
wife, for better or worse.
But as to such Cabinet officers as are not of
a President's selection; as to those who have
been selected by a former President; as to
those whose title was given by another; as to
those he never appointed, and, perhaps, never
would have appointed; as to those who came
to him by succession and not by his own act;
as to those who hold merely by his acquies-
cence or sufferance—the;/ are entitled to no
favor, and receive none. They stand as step-
children in his political family, and are not
placed on the same level wilh the rightful heirs
entitled to the inheritance.
The construction claimed by the Managers
leads to this inevitable absurdity: that the
class entitled to favor are cut oil'at the end of
the month, while those having a less merito-
rious title remain indefinitely. What was in-
tended for a benefit becomes a mischief, and
the favored class are worse off than if 110 favor
had been shown them. Their condition was
intended to lie made better than that of their
follows, and has boon made worse. Prom those
entitled to pioteetion it is taken away to be
given to those not entitled.
\row, when President Johnson was invested
with his olliee, be found ilr. Stanton holding
the oilice of .Secretary of War. He had been
appointed by Mr. Lincoln during his first term,
and was holding in the second month of Mr.
Lincoln's second term under the old appoint-
ment. Mr. Stanton was neither appointed by
j\lr. Lincoln or Mr. .Johnson for that second
term ; so that we are relieved from all question
whether the fractional term, counting liotn the
accession ot Mr. Johnson, is to be called the
unexpired term of Mr. Lincoln, or the proper
term of Mr. Johnson, and whether, if he had
been appointed or reappointed by Mr. Liticoln
during his second term, he might not have
claimed that he was entitled, as against Mr.
Johnson, to hold on to its end. Mr. Stanton
never had any tenure of otliee under the
tenure-of-olllee act for the eunent presidential
term, never having beeji appointed for that
term by either Mr. Lincoln or Mr. Johnson.
He, therefore, does not come within the cate-
gory of those members of Mr. Johnson's Cab-
inet who have been appointed by Mr. Johnson.
At the date of the passage of the tenure-of-
oiliee act. the Cabinet of Mr. Johnson was
composed as follows : the Secretaries of State,
of the Tieasury, of War, and of the Navy, held
by appointment of Mr. Lincoln made in his first
term; the Secretary of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General, held
by the appointment of Mr. Johnson made dur-
ing his em rent term. There was, then, as to
the entire seven, a difference as to the manner
and tune of their appointment, hour had been
appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and the other three
by Mr. Johnson. All of them held by the same
tenure, •• the pleasure of the President.'' All
of tli em, without reference to constitutional pro-
visions, were, b) etisiinglaws, removable by the
independent action of the President. The acts
of Congress creating the offices of Secretaries
of State, of War, and of the Navy, expressly
recognize the executive authority to remove
them at pleasure. The acts of Congress cre-
ating the four other heads of Departmentsplace
them on the same footing as to tenure of otliee.
A II these aets remained, in this particular, in
fall force. This tennre-uf-oflice act introduces
a distinction made applicable to Cabinet, officers
alone, never made before. For the first time
it gives to those appointed by the President for
the time being a new tenure. It secures them
from removal at his pleasure alone. It repeals,
as to them, the existing laws, and declares that
they shall thereafter be entitled to hold during
the remainder of the term of the President by
whom they were appointed, and for one month
of the succeeding presidential term, exempt
from removal by the sole act of the President,
and only subject to removal by the concurrent
act of the President and Senate.
But it gives them no right^o hold against the
pleasure of the succeeding President one mo-
ment after the expiration of that punctual time
of one month. When that time has arrived
their right to hold ceases and their offices
become vacant. The policy here declared is
unmistakable, that notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the act, every President shall
have the privilege of his own choice, of his
own selection of the members of his Cabinet.
The right of selection for himself is, however,
qualified. He may not, as theretofore, enjoy
this right throughout his term, h'or the first
month he must take the Cabinet of his prede-
cessor, however opposed to him in opinion or
obnoxious to him personally. Then, too, while
the right is given to him, it cannot be exer-
cised but once. It is a power that does not
sur\iv'e. but expires with a single execution.
Xow, as to the three members of Mi. John-
son's Cabinet, appointed by his own exeicise
of this independent power, he having, as to
them, once exercised the power, it is, as to
them, exhaustud. The consequence is that
there three otlieeisno longer remain subject to
his pleii^ure alone. They are entitled to hold
in defiance of he3 wishes throughout, the re-
mainder of his term, because they are his own
selected oilicers ; hut I hey are not (mulled to
hold during the whole term of his successor,
but. only for a modicum of that term, just be-
cause they were not. selected by that successor.
So much for these three.
Now, as to the other four, as to whom Mr.
Johnson has not exercised his right of choice
even by one appointment. .May they hold dur-
ing the residue of his term in defiance.of his
wishes'.' Do they come within tbatelcar policy
of giving to every President one opportunity at
least to exercise his independent right of choice ?
Suixly not. L'hen, if, as to I hem, ho has the
right, how can he exercise it, if, as in tiie case
of ilr. Stanton, the Cabinet officer holds 011
after he has been requested to resign? What
mode is left to the President to avail himself
of his own independent right when such an
officer lotuses to resign? None other than the
piocoss of removal; for he cannot, put the man
of his elioicc in until he has put the other out.
So that the independent right of choice cannot
under such conditions be exercised at all with-
out the corresponding right of removal; and
the one necessarily implies the other.
We have seen that, the tenure of office fixed
by the proriso for Cabinet oilicers, applies only
to those members of Mr. Johnson's Cabinet
appointed by himself. It therefore does not
apply to Mr. Stanton. If there is any other
clause of the act which applies to Mr. Stanton,
it must be the iirst geneial clause, and if that
does not apply to him, then his case does not
conic within the purview of the act at all, but
must be ruled by the preexisting laws, which
made hun subject at all times to the pleasure
i of the President anil to the exercise of his in-
1 dependent power of removal. And this is pre-
I ciselv what is claimed by the Managers. They
maintain that, although the proviso does not
give Mr. Stanton a new tenure, jet the first
general clause does, and that he is put by that
clause 011 the same footing of all other civil
oliicers who, at the date of the act, held by the
concurrent appointment of the President and
Senate by 110 other tenure than "during the
pleasure of the President."
But all the officers intended to be embraced
by that first clause, wdio held by that tenure
before, are declared to hold by a new tenure.
Not one of them can be removed bv the Presi-
dent alone. Whether appointed by the Presi-
dent for the time being or by his predecessor,
they must remain in defiance of the President
until removed by the concurrent action of the
President and the Senate. In effect, so far as the
power of the President is concerned, they may
hold for life. If Mr. Stanton comes within
the protection of that clause, if his tenure of
office is fixed by that clause, it follows inevit-
ably that Mr. Johnson cannot remove him.
It follows as inevitably that no succeeding
President can remove him. He may defy Mr.
Johnson's successor as he now defies Mr.
Johnson. He may say to that successor as he
has said to Mr. Johnson, " I am compelled to
deny your right under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, without the advice
and consent of the Senate.'' If the successor
of Mr. Johnson should point him to the pro-
viso, and at the end of the month require him
to leave, his answer, according to the Man-
agers, would run thus: "Thatproviso did not
fix my tenure of office. It did not apply to
me, but. only to those appointed by Mr. John-
son. They mnst go out with the month ; I do
not. My tenure is fixed by the first clause,
and you cannot get clear of me without the
advice and consent of the Senate."
NO REMOVAL OF MR. STANTON.
But if it be held that Mr. Stanton did come
within the purview of the tenure-of-Office act;
if it be held that his removal by 1he independ-
ent action of the President is forbidden by the
act, then we maintain that no such removal is
charged in the articles or made out in the
proof.
It is only in the first article that any charge
is made in reference to Mr. Stanton's removal.
That article nowhere alleges that Mr. Stanton
has been removed, either in law or in fact. It
does allege that on the 21st of February Stan-
ton was " lawfully entitled to hold said office
of Secretary for the Department of War," and
that on that day the President " did, unlaw-
fully and in violation of the Constitution and
laws of the United States, issue an order in
writing for the removal of Edwin M. Stanton
from the office of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War." It is the issuance of this order
for a removal that is made tho gravamen of
the charge. It is not followed by any allega-
tion that it had the effect, to work a removal,
cither in law or in fact. On the contrary, in
the very next article, which is founded 011 the
order to Thomas, which purports to be made
after the order for the removal of Stanton, it
is alleged that Stanton still held the office law-
fully, and that notwithstanding the order for
removal to Stanton and the order to Thomas
to act as Secretary, Stanton still held the office,
and 110 vacancy was created or existed. This
is the tenor of every article, that Stanton
never has been removed, in law or in fact; that
there never has been an owster, either in law or
in fact; that there never has been at no time
a vacancy. The proof shows that Stanton re-
mains in possession, and that bis official acts
continue to be recognized.
Now, if the order per se operated a removal
in law, it must follow that tho order was valid
and in conformity with the Constitution and
laws of the United States, for no order made
contrary thereto could take effect in law. If
there was a removal in law the executive order
"which accomplished it. was a valid, not an un-
lawful act. But if the order did not operate a
removal per se, and it a removal in fact, though
not in law, might be held sufficient to consti-
tute an offense, and if it wore alleged and were
proved that, under the illegal order an actual
ouster or removal was effected by force or
threats the answer to be given in this case is
conclusive. No ouster in fact, 110 actual or
physical removal, is proved or so much as
charged. Mr. Stanton has never to this day
been put out of actual possession. He remains
in possession as fully since the order was made
as before, and still holds on.
Now, we look in vain through this tenure-
of-office act for any provision forbidding an
attempt to cause a removal, or making it penal
