3454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. ra. the Com-
mittee of trie Whole was called to order by the
chairman, Mr. Pomeroy, and resumecT the con-
sideration of House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks.
The pending question was on Mr. Bout-
well's amendment to the forty-ninth section,
which was read, as follows:
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall au-
thorize such distillers as may apply to be so author-
ized, and as he may deem suitable, distillers of alco-
hol and spirituous liquors for export. Persons so
authorized may distill alcohol and spirituous liquors
for export and for the uses specified and authorized
in sections fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, and fifty-
Brae of this act, and for no other purpose; and dis-
tillers not so authorized shall not distill alcohol or
spirituous liquors for export or for the purposes spe-
cified in said sections. All provisions ot this act
relating to the transportation of distilled spirits in
bond shall be limited to spirits produced by persons
designated or autheri&ed by this section.
Mr. LOGAN. I move the following amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for the pend-
ing amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
lifter the date at which this act shall take effect th ere
shall be an allowance of drawback on all rum and
alcohol on which any internal tax shall hereafter be
paid, equal in amount to the tax so paid thereon and
no more, when exported in good faith. The pay-
ment of said drawback to be made only when the
evidence shall be furnished to tho entire satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Treasury by such person or
per&ons who shall claim allowance of drawback that
such tax has been paid, and tho said rum or alcohol
so exported—landed, and delivered to the consignee
or consignees at the foreign port to which it was
exported, to be proved by thp sworn testimony of
responsible persons where exported from and ex-
ported to—the same to be paid by the warrant of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the Treasurer of the
United States, out of any money arising from internal
tax op distilled spirits not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, however. That no claim for drawback shall
be allowed on either of the said articles which shall
have been exported as aforesaid prior to the time at
which this act shall take effect.
Sec. —. And beit further enacted, That if any persop
or persons shall fraudulently claim or seek to obtain
an allowance of drawback on any article or articles
aforesaid on which no internal tax shall have been
paid, or shall fraudulently claim any greater allow-
ance or drawback than the tax actually paid thereon
as aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit and
pay to the Government of the United States triple
the amount wrongfully or fraudulently sought to be
obtained; and on conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned in the penitentiary for a period not less
than one nor more than ten years.
Mr. SHANKS. There is no quorum present.
Mr. LOGAN. I .prefer not to submit my
remarks until the chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee is present.
Mr. JQDD. We amended the first section
this morning, and if the amendment of my col-
league be adopted it will lead to striking out
five or six sections, and it is therefore desirable
the chairman should be present.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the vote be taken
on the amendment it will develop the absence
of a quorum.
The committee divided on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 13, noes 17 j no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN, in obedience to the rules,
ordered the roll to be called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archor, Arneil, Delos H.
Ashley, James M.Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks.
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Ben ton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Buckland, Burr, Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox. Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Goliaday, Gravely, Ilaight, Halsey, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Hinds, Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard,RichardD.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kitchen, ICnott,'Lafiin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Mc-
Carthy, McCullough, McK.ee, Mercur, Morrell, Mor-
ris&ey, Mungeu, Myers, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn,
Orth, Peibaui, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Ros3,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens. Stokes,
Stone, Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam, Van Auken. Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Ward, EliliuB. Washburn©, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward..
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the Whole" on the state
of the Union had, pursuant to the order of the
House, had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the special order, being
House bill No. 1284, to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks, and finding itself
without a quorum had directed the roil to be
called and the names of the absentees to be
reported to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
now to move, as proposed by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means last even-
ing, that the list of absentees be published in
two daily papers besides the Globe? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent; no quorum being present.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Is it in order for me to
explain why the chairman of the committee is
not present ?
The SPEAKER. It would be by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
Mr. GRISWOLD. He is within the build-
ing, but ill.
Mr. ALLISON. I move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Arneil, Delos
R. Ashley, JamesM. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes,
Barnum, Beair^an, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boles, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland,
Burr, Butler, Cake, Chanier, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Delano. Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggieston, Eldridge, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
Fox, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Haight, Halsey, Hard-
ing, Hill, Ilind?, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jones, Kelley, Kitchen, Knott, Lallin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Malloiy, Marshall,
McCarthy, McCullough, McKco, Mercur, Morrell,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Newconib, Nicholson,
Nunn, Perhain,Phelps, Pile,Pruyn, Randall, Raum,
Robinson, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Ta.ffe, Taylor, John Trimble, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Upson, Van Acrmim, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Van Trump,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Williams, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward.
The SPEAKER. Only eighty members have
answered totheirnames. The Doorkeper will
close the doors, and the Clerk will call the roll
of absentees for excuses.
The Clerk accordingly called the roll for
excuses.
George M. Adams.
Mr. GROVE R. Mr. Adams left the House
to-day sick. He is not able to leave his lodg-
ings to-night. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
George W. Anderson. No excuse offered.
Stevenson" Archer.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Archer has leave
of absence.
Samuel M. Arnell.
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleague desires rne
to state that the state of his health is such as
to render it utterly impossible for him to be
out at night. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Delos R. Ashley. No excuse offered.
James M. Ashley.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Ashley has leave of
absence.
Samuel B. Axtell. No excuse offered.
John D. Baldwin. No excuse offered.
Demas Barxes. No excuse offered.
William H. Barnum.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Barnum is sick,
and has been so for some months. He has
leave of absence.
Fernando C. Beaman.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Beaman was ex-
cused last night on account of sickness. He
is still sick, and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to, *
John Beatty. No excuse offered.
John F. Benjamin. No excuse offered.
Jacob Benton. No excuse offered.
John A. Bingham. No excuse offered.
Thomas Boles. No excuse offered.
Benjamin Boyer. No excuse offered.
Henry P. H. Bromwell.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Bromwell has
leave of absence.
James Brooks. No excuse offered.
Henry L. Cake.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks Mr.
Cake has leave of absence.
John C. Churchill.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Churchill has leave
of absence.
Reader W. Clarke.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Clarke has leave of
absence on account of general debility.
Sidney Clarke. No excuse offered.
Amasa Cobb. No excuse offered.
Burton C. Cook.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Cook has leave of absence.
Thomas Cornell. No excuse offered.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
Shelby M. Cullom. No excuse offered.
Henry L. Dawes.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Dawes has leave
of absence.
GrenvilleM. Dodge.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Dodge has leave of
absence.
Ignatius Donnelly. No excuse offered.
John F. Driggs. No excuse offered.
Ephraim R. Eckley. No excuse offered.
Benjamin Eggleston. No excuse offered.
Charles A. Eldridge. No excuse offered.
Thomas W. Ferry. No excuse offered.
William C. Fields.
Mr. KELSEY. My colleague. Mr. Fields,
has leave of absence.
Darwin A. Finney.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Finney has been
absent a long time on account of illness. I
move that he be excused.
The SPEAKER. He has been absent during
the entire session on account of sickness. He
will be regarded as excused.
Adam J. Glossbrenner.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Glossbrenner is absent
by the leave of the House.
Joseph J. Gravely. No excuse offered.
Charles Haight. No excuse offered.
George A. Halsey. No excuse offered.
Abner C. Harding. No excuse offered.
John Hill. No excuse offered.
James Hinds. No excuse offered.
Benjamin F. Hopkins.
Mr. PAINE. I believe Mr. Hopkins haa
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber.
Mr. PAINE. I do not remember, but I
have a very strong impression that he has.
The SPEAKER. He is certainly not within
a thousand miles of the city. The Chair thinks
lie has leave of absence, and he will be regarded
as excused.
Asahel W. Hubbard.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My colleague, Mr.
Hubbard, is unwell, and has leave of absence.
Richard D. Hubbard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. My colleague,
Mr. Hubbard, has leave of absence.
Calvin T. Hulburd. No excuse offered.
James M. Humphrey. No excuse offered.
Morton C. Hunter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Indiana. My col-
league, Mr. Hunter, has leave of absence.
Thomas L. J ones. No excuse offered.
William D. Kelley.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that Mr. Kelley
