1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4479
ing for its discontinuance, with, his objections
thereto, the Senate proceeded in pursuance of
the Constitution to reconsider the same, and
resolved that the said hill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing thereto.
frkiidaiio's bureau.
TheSPEAKER kid before the House the
foregoing message from the Senate, together
with the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States ; which was read as follows :
To the Senate of the United States:
Believing that a bill entitled -'An act relating to
the Freecimen's Bureau, ;tml providing for its dis-
continuance " interferes with the appointing power
conferred by the Constitution upon the Executive,
and for other reasons which, at this late period of
the session, time will not permit me to state, I here-
with return it to the Senate, in which House it ori-
ginated, without my approval.
ANDREW JOIIXSOX.
Washington, I). C., July 2o, 1SGS.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill, the objections
of the President to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House on reconsideration agree to pass this
bill ? That question is required by the Con-
stitution to be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 115, nays 23, not voting 82; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks. Beatty, Benton,
Binssharo, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Bromwell,
Bucklev, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick 11. Butler,
Cake, Caliis, Churchill, Ite.ider W, Claike, Sidney
Clarke. Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Culioin, Dawes. De-
lano, Deweese, Dixon, Docfcery, Ihisgs, Eckley,
Eggleston, F.irnsworth, Ferriss. Fields, French,
Garfield, IFalsey, Hamilton, IXaughey, Ileaton,
ll'ybv. Hill, Hinds, Hooper. Hopkins, Chester I).
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander 11.
Mtrcur, Miller, iloore, MulJins, j\ivers, JNunn,'
rvv^m  ...   -n.i '
Burt Van Horn, V:m Wyek, Ward, ElihuB. Wash-
burne, Ilemy D. W'sishburn, William B. Washburn,
V> elker, W intfemorc, William W'illiams, John T,
Wilson, and Windom—115.
NAYS—Me^rs. Adam^, Axtell, Bcck, Gary, Eld-
nclge, Getz, G-lossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haw-
kins, Hotchliis15. Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Mann, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack, lloss,
Inbor, Lawrence S. Trimblo, aud Van Auken—23.
NOT VOX TNG—Messrs. Ande rson. Archer, I)clos
B. Ashley, Baker, Barnes, Barnnui, Beaman,Benja-
min, Blackburn, Blame, Boyden, Bovcr, Brooks,
Broomall.Bucfuand, Burr, Chanler, Oiift,Cook, Cor-
nell, Dodsre, Donnelly, Edwards, Ela, Eliot, ferry,
Finnoy, Fox, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, flaight,
Hardin*. Ilolman, Asnhel W. ilubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Ilulhurd, Humphrey, Julian, Kitehcn,
La-li, Georpo V, Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin,
McCarthy, MoCormick, Moorhead, Morrell, Morris-
gey, Mungen, JNTewcomb, Newsham, Nicholson, Nor-
ris, Phelps, Pike, Pi ice, Prince, Pruyn, Randall,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Sclye, Shellabarger,
Sitgrcaves, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone. John
Tumble, L'pson, Kobcit T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
A idai, (J^dwalador C. Washburn. Thomas Williams,
James h\ WiUon, Stephen R "Wilson, Wood, Wood-
budge, and Woodward—<52.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, and the House having been
notified that m the Senate of the United States
upon a similar reconsideration two thirds of
that body also agreed to the passage of the bill,
I do declare, by the authority of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that the act relating
to the Freedmen's Bureau, and providing for
its discontinuance, has become a law notwith-
standing the objections of the President thereto.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ARNELL said that his colleague, Mr.
Trimble, of Tennessee, was absent; it present
he would vote ay.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. It. No. 722) for the relief of
Sally C. Northrop ;
An act (H. R. No. 13G6) for the relisf of
Captain A. G. Olivar ;
An act^ (II. R. No. 13C5) for the relief of
Captain Thomas W. Miller ;
An act (II. 11. No. 834) for the relief of
Hon. George V T. Bridges, a member of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress;
An act (H. R. No. '133) for the relief of
Palemon John;
An act (H. R. No. 1322) for the relief of
Major F. P. Stevens, assistant paymaster United
States Army;
An act (S. No. 472) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to allow the United States to
prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security," and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 540) to regulate the sale of hay
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 295) for the relief of Eliza
Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher ;
An act |S. No. 209) to incorporate the Even-
ing Star Newspaper Company;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) giving the
assent of the United States to the construction
of certain wharves in the harbor of Oswego,
New York; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 147) for the re-
lief of Jonathan S. Turner.
motion eor a recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wore
that the House take a recess. [Loud cries of
"Oh, no," and "Not yet."]
The SPEAKER. To what time does the
gentleman move to take a recess ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ten o'clock
on Monday rnorning.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
the condition of the public business, as it is his
duty to do at this stage of the session. There
are two bills now in the hands of conference
committees that have not reported. The Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills have not yet reported
the bill in regard to the rights of naturalized
citizens abroad, which has to be signed in open
House by the Speaker and the President of the
Senate before it can be sent to the President
for his signature. After to-day, the Chair does
not believe, fiom the votes cast to-day on the
yeas and nays on the veto and other important
propositions, there will be any quorum. If the
House now takes a recess until ten o'clock on
Monday we shall lose all the bills on the
Speaker's table, as to the value of which the
Chair is not informed and expresses no opinion,
besides the bills which are before conference
committees, and possibly other bills which
cannot be enrolled in time to receive the sig-
nature of the President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, can
I make a little speech ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the
Speaker at the present stage of the session to
inform the House of the condition of the pub-
lic business. The present Speaker has done
it, and all his predecessors have done it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did n<jt object to
the Chair making his statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to state some reasons why we should take a
recess
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why did
not the gentleman object to the Speaker s
speech ?
Sir. FAUNS WORTH. Because it was his
duty to make the statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Faiinsworth] drew a distinction
between the Presiding Officer making a state-
ment of the condition of business and a mem-
ber making a speech.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is the official duty of
the Speaker to do it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Speaker is right.
The SPEAKER. It is the Speaker's duty
to do it, and he would be derelict if he did not
do it.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Washburxe, of Illinois; and there were-
20, noe-s 93.
So the motion for a recess was disagreed to.
new mexico election" comtest.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I rise to a
question of privilege. I offer the resolution
which I send to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide
upon it after it is read.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I understand
from the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions that there is no objection to it at any
rate.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the time for taking evidence in the
ease of tlie contested election for a seat in Congress
as Delegate from the Territory of Now Mexieo ba
extended to the 15th day of November, 1868.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of
privilege.
The resolution was agreed to.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
japanese students op naval academy.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to
admit certain persons to the Naval Academy;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 move that the joint reso-
lution be put upon its passage. It explains
itself.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, which
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to receive
for instruction at the Naval Academy at An-
napolis not exceeding six persons, to be desig-
nated by the Government of the empire of
Japan ; but no expense is thereby to accrue to
the United States, and the Secretary of the
Navy may in the case of these persons modify
or dispense with any provisions of the rules
and regulations of the Academy which circum-
stances may, in his opinion, render necessary
or desirable.
Mr. KELLEY. The resolution provides for
the education of not exceeding six Japanese
youths, designated by the Government of the
empire, at. the expense of the empire.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
western pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 159, relating to the West-
ern Pacific railroad ; which was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask that this bill be now
put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Western Pacific Railroad Company of Califor-
nia shall be permitted to occupy for the pur-
poses of a depot, store-houses, and other
necessary fixtures so much of the island known
as Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the bay of
Sail Francisco, California, as may, within one
year from the time this act shall take effect,
be designated by the General of the Army of
the United States, with the approval of the
Secretary of War, as not being required in
time of peace for military purposes; which
privilege shall, however, be terminable at the
pleasure of Congress, and may be suspended
whenever the United States shall be engaged
in war or in imminent danger thereof, and
notice of such determination shallbe given to
the company, its successors or assigns, by the
Secretary of War, with the approval of the
