4480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
President. And in case of such suspension of
privilege it shall be the right of the United
States to take possession of the part of the
island subject to the privilege, together with
all buildings and other fixtures erected thereon
by the company, and to occupy and use the
same for military purposes during the war, and
so long thereafter as shall be deemed necessary
by the Secretary of War, with the like approval;
and the Western Pacific Railroad Company
are also authorized to locate and construct a
railroad thence, by the shortest and most prac-
ticable route, to a point on its present line at
or south of the city of Stockton, and they are
enfranchised with all the grants, privileges,
benefits, and made subject to all the conditions
of the several acts of Congress relating to the
company and its railroad and telegraph line;
provided that nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to authorize any grant or
subsidy in bonds for any road built under this
act, or to increase the subsidies in bonds,
beyond that accruing under existing lines of
location and laws heretofore passed providing
for the construction of the Pacific railroad;
provided further, that no work shall be con-
structed by the said company between the main
land and said island winch will, in the judg-
mentof the War Department, injuriously affect
the navigation of the harbor of San Francisco;
and provided further, that on the determination
or suspension of the privilege hereby granted,
and on the United States taking possession of
that part of the island to which this privilege
applies, the Government of the United States
sfiall not be required to make compensation for
any structures or buildings thereon, or for the
use or occupation of the island or structures ;
and provided further, that this act shall not
impair the rights or claims of persons in pos-
session of the island of Yerba Buena at the
time of the late military occupation thereof.
Mr. HIGBY. I propose to yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Eckley,] a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Public -Lands, to
make a statement. Then 1 will make a brief
statement myself, after which 1 will give au
opportunity to the other side to be heard. But
1 wish to hold control of the matter for the
present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman as entitled to the floor.
Air. HOPKINS, i am, also, a member of the
Committee on the Public Lands. I hope the
gentleman from California [Mr. HigbyJ will
yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. II1UBY. I will yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] for five min-
utes after the gentleman fiom Ohio has spoken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope
the gentleman will yield to me, also, for five
minutes.
Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
Mr. ECKLEY. This bill has been consid-
ered by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
and they have agreed to it. It has also been
submitted to and considered by the Committee
on the Public -Lands. Any one who will take the
trouble to look at this proposition will see that
this is the natural terminus of the Pacific rail-
road. It is true there is a controversy about
this island ; it is claimed by individuals, and
also claimed by the Government. This bill
merely provides that this Western Pacific rail-
road shall be allowed to have its terminus on
the island of Yerba Buena, subject to the reg-
ulations of the Secretary of War. °
I think every necessary guard is thrown
around this bill, it simply gives the right of
way on the island—not the island itself, but
the right of way—to this railroad company.
This being the great thoroughfare that is event-
ually to control, to a very great extent, not only
the trade of this country, but the trade of Asia,
it is right and proper that the terminus should
he as near the city of San Francisco as pos-
sible, that city being the great emporium for the
commerce of the Pacific. This is the nearest
point of land in the control of the Govern-
ment which can be given to this company for
this purpose. That is the reason which act-
uated the Committee on the Public Lands in
deciding in favor of this bill.
Mr. HIGBY. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins.]
Mr. HOPKINS. As a member of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands of this House in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Eck-
ley,] also a member of that committee, I desire
to say that to my knowledge this bill has never
been formally considered by that committee.
The subject has been talked over : we have
had various propositions before us during the
entire session, some of them exceedingly ex-
travagant ; some even more extravagant than
the one now under consideration. But, Mr.
Speaker, I wish to relieve the Committee on
the Public Lands from the odium implied in the
statement that they have made a recommenda-
tion in favor of this project. They have not.
done so. I say this oil behalf of the commit-
tee, because I think that such a recommenda-
tion would he discreditable to the committee.
What, individual members of the committee
may have said to the paid lobbyists who have
been here pressing this and other schemes to
get possession of the island I cannot say.
We have been bored by day and haunted by
night by these exceedingly disinterested indi-
viduals, and to get rid of their importunities,
it is impossible to say what members of the
committee may have said to them ; but this I
do know, that as a committee, we are not com-
mitted to this project, and I trust never shall
be. In the few moments accorded to me I am
unable to discuss this measure in detail. I
shall, however, attempt to give a few reasons
why, in my judgment, this bill ought not to
pass.
The Government of the United States owns
to-day a small island in the bay of San Fran-
cisco, containing one hundred and twenty-nine
acres, known as Yerba Buena, or Goat Island.
This island has been reserved by the Govern-
ment for military purposes. It lies in the cen-
ter of the channel, commanding it on both
sides. Until recently, no one deemed it pos-
sible that the Government would ever part
with any portion of it, so important had it
always been regarded for fortification purposes,
to defend the entrance of the harbor, and for
the protection of the city. But the enter-
prising managers of the Western Pacific rail-
road have conceived the idea that the island
is just what they need for the terminus of
the Pacific road. In the first place, they
asked for the whole of it as a donation, but
finding little favor for such a monstrous prop-
osition, they with extreme modesty agree to
accept a part of it now, expecting, of course,
that the remainder will be surrendered to them
whenever it is demanded. And, Mr. Speaker,
I am free to say if this passes I do not think
they will be disappointed in their expectation.
Permit this corporation to locate their depot
upon this island, and erect upon it the exten-
sive structures which will be necessary to trans-
act the business of this, the most important
railroad in the world, give them this foothold
now, and docs any one believe they will ever be
dispossessed? Once give the right, ot'occupa-
tion and it is forever surrendered to them.
When they have spent millions of dollars in
bridging the channel to get on to the island,
and perhaps millions more in the way of per-
manent structures, for the convenience of their
immense traffic, does any one presume for a
moment that the Government will dispossess
them, and render valueless such vast expend-
itures of money? No, Mr. Speaker, if this
island is to be preserved and retained by the
Government for the purpose of defending-the
harbor and city of San Praneiseo it must be
done now by defeating the bill under consid-
eration. Allow it to pass, and for the purpose
which the Government now holds it it is no
longer of any value. The real question is
are we prepared to give the island away ? If
we are, to whom shall we give it? Other
roads terminating at San Francisco claim a
portion of it. Shall we give this valuable island
all to one mammoth corporation, as a mo-
nopoly, or divide it with other less favored
but equally meritorious projects? in ray judg-
ment we should not give it away at all.^ If
Congress determines that it is not needed for
the defense of the harbor and the city, let us
sell it, giving all parties a fair chance to com-
pete for tile purchase, and thereby realizing
millions of dollars in the sale to the Govern-
ment Treasury. .
As at present advised I am decidealy op-
posed to either giving H away or selling it.
\\rc have learned something ot the vitlue of
earth-works and fortifications upon the lo.nd in
repelling naval attacks, even as against iron-
clads and the most formidable guns ever floated
on vessels-of-war. We have not forgotten the
siege of Charleston and Mobile, when these
fortifications on land resisted week after week,
month after month, and almost year after year,
the most formidable fleet of war vessels ever
floated upon the waters. It is well that we
should remember these practical illustrations
of the value of eartli-works and islands in our
harbors for defensive purposes in time of war.
It is too soon to forget the expensive lessons
of the recent past. While we indulge the hope
that our great Republic may be spared the
calamity of either foreign or domestic war in
the future we must not forget that it is the duty
of all nations in time of peace to prepare tor
war. In looking over the thousands ot miles
of sea-coast, both on the Atlantic and Pacific,
which we should be called upon to defend in
case of foreign war against the attacks ot
powerful navies, does not ordinary prudence
teach us that we should hold all the natural
available points of defense we now possess ?
San Francisco is one of the available points
of attack. This city has already become one
of the important cities of this country, and is
destined at 110 distant day in the future to be
one of tho great cities of this continent. The
completion of the Pacific railroad, now nearly
done, gives to this city a commercial prom-
inence which we cannot well overestimate and
which we should not underrate. Her future is
bright with hope, and in the fulfillment of the
reasonable expectations of her people every
American feels an honest pride. With a safe
and commodious harbor, the termiuus of a
railroad connecting two great oceans, and
stretching across a continent, controlling to a
large extent the trade of the eastern world, that
city is about to enter upon a career of pros-
perity hitherto unparalleled in the growth of
American cities. The completion of the Pa-
cific road will be an event of traneendent im-
portance, not only to the city of San Fran-
cisco, but the entire Pacific slope, and indeed
to our whole country. It will to a great extent
levolutiomze the commerce of the great coun-
tries of the East, with which we have hereto-
fore enjoyed but very imperfect and compara-
tively unimportant commercial relations.
No man on this floor appreciates more
keenly those advantages, anU few are more
liberal in extending such aid as is necessary to
complete this great national thoroughfare. But
believing that we are not called upon to make
the concession demanded by this bill, and being
convinced that the company asking the aid has
all the land necessary for depot purposes at Oak-
land and in the city ol Sail iM'ancisco. and that
the true interests of the country as well as the
city will be better subserved by holding this
island permanently for the purpose ot fortifi-
cations, I cannot favor the passage of the bill.
As I have before remarked, it commands the
city of Sau Francisco and harbor in all direc-
tions, and would constitute a perfect point of
defense for the harbor against a foreign attack,
j 1 have before me here a report from three of
t distinguished engineers in the service,
and i desire to call the attention of the House
to that report. These engineers of the United
States recommend that this island be occupied
for military purposes, and for such purposes
only, and they protest against allowing tho
island to be given up tor any such purposes as
this bill contemplates. They state that if the
structures proposed to be erected by this rail-
