3456
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
The SPEAKER. Either of the members at
the bar has the right to ask for a separate vote
on his case.
Mr. Broomall's motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. A quorum is now present.
Mr. AI .L1SON moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Mr. McCORMICK. I move that my col-
league [Mr. Newcomb] be excused from attend-
ance upon the sittings of the House this even-
ing. He is not well, and wishes to retire to
his room.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Hill and Mr. Fields were granted indefi-1
nite leave of absence.
army register.
Mr. LAFLTN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the Array
Register be printed for tho use of the House.
The resolution was adopted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 365) constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by or on behalf of
the Government of the United-.States.
internal tax bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The House, under the order heretofore made,
resolved itself into the Committee-of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion was on Mr. Logan's amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Boctwell to the forty-
ninth section.
Mr. LOGAN. I modify my amendment so
it will read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That from and
alter the date at which this act shall take effect there
shall be an allowance of drawback on all rum and
alcohol on which internal taxes shall horeafter bo
paid, equal in amount to the taxes so paid thereon
and no more, when exported in good faith. The
payment of said drawback to be made only when the
evidence shall be furnished to the entire satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Treasury by such person or
persons who shall claim allowance of drawback, that
such tax has been paid, and the said rum or alcohol
so exported—landed, and delivered to the consignee
er consignees at the foreign port to which it was
expoited, to be proved by the sworn testimony of re-
sponsible persons where exported from iind exported
to—the same to be paid by the warrant of the .Secre-
tary ot the Treasury on the Treasurer of the United
States out of any money arising from internal tax
on distilled spirits not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, however, That no claim for drawback shall be
allowed on either of the said articles which shall
have been exported as aforesaid prior to the time at
which this act shall take effect.
Sec.—. And bait furrier enacted, Thatif any person
or persons shall fraftdulently claim or seek to obtain
an allowance of drawback-on any article or articles
aforesaid, on which no internal tax shall have been
paid, or shall fraudulently claim any greater allow-
ance or drawback than the tax actually p.iid thereon
as aforesaid, such persou or persons shall forfeit and
pay to the Government of the United States triple
the amount wrongfully or fraudulently sought to be
obtained; and on conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned in the penitentiary for a period not less
than one nor more than ten years.
Mr. Chairman, I hope the committee will
give me its attention while I explain my rea-
sons for offering this amendment. Under the
provisions of the bill, inasmuch as we have
provided that the tax shall be paid at the dis-
tillery warehouse, that presupposes that we will
provide some way for the exportation of such
articles of distilled spirits as are exported.
There being nothing of the character exported
save rum and alcohol, I thought, rather than
to allow the taking from bond for redistillation
and exportation, in order to guard against
many of the frauds that have been perpetrated
by means of the provisions of the existing law,
that the best mode we could adopt would be to
provide for the payment of all taxes at the dis-
tillery warehouse when the spirits should leave
it for any purpose whatever, and then provide
a drawback for the amount of taxes that may
be paid upon all exported distilled spirits,
which would be all the alcohol and rum that is
exported from this country.
1 think the exportation of rum and alcohol
is well guarded. This amendment provides
that when either of the articles is exported
from this country to a foreign port, before the
drawback shall be allowed or paid on the war-
rant of the Secretary of the Treasury the evi-
dence shall be furnished of the payment of the
tax from responsible witnesses under oath re-
siding at the place where the exportation takes
place, and also at the place where the article
lands after it is in the hands of the consignee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether or not he intends to include
in the provision relating to drawbacks such
alcohol as may be used in the manufacture of
medicine and cosmetics which may be exported
from the country.
Mr. LOGAN. The amendment includes all
alcohol that is exported. That is my intention.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. After it has been
used in the manufacture of medicine or cos-
metics, is the provision broad enough to include
that? 1 think it ought to.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir, it doesnot; but I would
have no objection to any gentleman proposing
such an amendment. The section 1 propose
to amend has no reference whatever to any-
thing of that kind. It is easy to provide for a
drawback on cosmetics and articles of that
kind. But I think it is necessary to establish
the principle whether we will allow exportation
in this way or under the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.] I desire for a moment to give my
reasons for objecting to the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. He proposes
to export those articles by giving to a few dis
tillers an exclusive license for that express
purpose. There are many objections to that,
which I have not time now to allude to. But
the greatest objection is this: that from all
parts of the country it would allow the transport-
ation in bond for the purpose of exportation ;
and, as we all know, we have been attempting
here to provide against the frauds that have
occurred under this transportation system. Ifwe
permit the transportation from Westto East or
from the East to the West in bond, without first
having the taxes paid, we only provide for the
starting of the alcohol or spirits; and after
you have started it from the distilleiy ware-
house, and it has proceeded a short distance
locked up in a car, no one having any knowl-
edge of what is in the car except the agent
himself, it has only to be left at some way-
station and started on some other route, taken
from the car, stripped of the stamp, and put
on tho market. This has been done so often,
and we have so much evidence ofthe fact, that 1
do thinkwewill not bedoing justice to thecoun-
try unless we provide some protection against
this manner of perpetrating frauds. It is the easi-
est and simplestthingin the world to perpetrate
frauds, provided persons are desirous of doing
so under the transportation laws. You may
ship three hundred barrels of whisky to-day on
one certificate; by having a triplicate and ship-
ping on different railroads you return the one
certificate. I speak of the old law, but it may
be done under any law where there is collusion
between the collector and the man who trans-
ports the goods. These frauds have been per-
petiated to such an extent that I have become
convinced that the only way in which we can
prevent them is to allow drawbacks in this
manner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHEXCK. Mr. Chairman, my pur-
pose in rising is to call the attention of the
House to the fact that we are at a turning point
in this bill as it regards the system which is
to be adopted -in reference Us distilled spirits
either to be exported or under auy circum-
stances removed from the distillery ware-
house. My colleague upon the committee
[Mr. Logan] proposes to abolish entirely the
whole export system through a warehouse sur-
rounded by proper guards in the law, and to
allow no exportation except of distilled spirits
which shall have first regularly paid the tax at
the distillery, and then, so as not to breaks
down the export business altogether, to intro-
duce what we have been for a number of years
trying to get rid of as itself an opening to great
opportunities of fraud, a system of drawback,
so that the tax paid may be returned to the
exporter.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
committee to this whole subject of the trans-
portation of liquors in hond. The present law
is exceedingly loose upon that subject. The
present law authorizes, with few or no guards,
very insufficient guards and regulations, liquors
to be taken in bond without payment of tax
from the distillery to what is called warehouse
"B," and to be transported from warehouse
to warehouse, from district to district, and
from one extreme part ofthe United States to
another, almost without limitation as to the
number of transfers, thus opening the door to
enormous frauds, which frauds have been in
numberless instances shamefully committed,
evading payment of the tax and injuring the
revenue of the country. * «
So great the evil grew to be that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means introduced into
this House in January last, a  one of the first
expedients, while they should be engaged in
revising the law, a stoppage, for the time
being, of all removals of whisky, without the
payment of tax, from bonded warehouses.
That was passed almost unanimously through
the House, and afterward passed the Senate,
and is now upon the statute-book. But what
did all that mean? Some construe it to have
properly meant an intention to break np the
whole bonded-warehouse system, as incapable
of reform. Others, and I among them, under-
stood it to be a temporary expedient by which
this loose system could be broken up and
entirely interrupted until some revision of the
law should take place by which reform could
be accomplished. Now, if the object be to
utterly-destroy everything like the removal of
liquors in bond under any circumstances, the
course is plain for this House, and some such
provision as that proposed by my colleague on
the committee ought to be adopted. If, on
the other hand, it is not to be destroyed, but
to be regulated, then 1 think we have accom-
plished it pretty effectually in the bill which is
before the House.
Now, then, what is to be the result of all
this? I claim that there is a general outcry
against the whole bonded system, founded upon
actual abuses which have been committed,
which is running into the mistake of destruc-
tion instead of reform, and that it is a thing
perfectly capable of revision and reform, re-
straint and regulation, under such circum-
stances as will make it an efficient help to the
revenue of the country, and at the same time aid
the general business of the country. If you do
not permit, under any circumstances—and that
seems to be your present conclusion—distilled
spirits to be removed, say from the West to the
East, without payment of the tax in advance,
how will it operate? Here is a western man,
a trader or distiller, a manufacturer, who has
on hand $10,000 worth of whisky, say ten thou-
sand barrels, or ten thousand gallons, to bring
it within more probable limits. It cost him
twenty cents to produce it, which is $2,000.
He cannot put it upon the market without add-
ing to the $2,000 in value $5,000 more of tax,
rating the tax at fifty cents. I predict that
under these circumstances the trade will be
driven to the East, and it will not be a year
before the western interest will be clamoring
for some provision by which they shall not be
called upon to advance twice and a half the
