2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M wm,
have established the ballot-box as the only
sufficient means of consorting, and it is mock-
ing Heaven's justice to exclude from it any
man merely because lie is not of our lineage.
I am willing to concede the claim of my col-
league, that he is actuated by no hostility to
the black race. I will even admit, if he desires
it, that he loves the negro as ardently as his
old political friends of the South, the evidence
of whose devotion you can see to-day in the
very countenances of the southern negroes.
Oh, no; my colleague does not dislike the
.negro. His position is plain enough. lie is,
and always has been, an earnest and consistent
opponent of universal suffrage. He gives us
his record. More than thirty years ago, when
a member of the convention which formed the
present constitution of Pennsylvania, he takes
care to remind us he defined his position upon
this subject. In his remarks of February 23
last he cites several pages from a speech which
he delivered in that convention in favor of
disfranchising the blacks. The quotation is
learned, eloquent, and unanswerable from his
stand-point. Voting is a privilege not to be
thrown away upon the mere multitude. It
should be reserved for those who are born to
rule. But the quotation which the gentleman
makes does not do his efforts to restrict the
right of suffrage full justice. Probably the
want of space in a single speech or modesty
prevented him from quoting more of his doings
m that convention. Out of my regard for him
and to make the proof of his consistency more
perfect I cite the following from the fifth vol-
ume of the published debates of that conven-
tion, page 443. which I find in the Congres-
sional Library. My colleague asks to be judged
by the record. We will judge him by the
record.
A resolution was pending which provided
for the appointment of a committee to inquire
into the expediency of prohibiting the future
immigration of blacks into Pennsylvania. Mr.
Thomas, of Chester county, had proposed to
include, also, foreigners. Now follows the
quotation:
"Mr. Woodward moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto tho words 'and that the said
committee be also instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety of so amending the'constitution as to prevent
any foreigners who may arrive in this State after the
4th day of July, 1841, from acquiring the right to vote
or hold office in this Commonwealth.'"
This proposition my colleague supported in
an able and earnest speech, in which he said:
" There are very many of those emigrants who
know nothing of political privileges in their own
country before they emigrate to this. The word is
unknown to them, or if they hear of it at all they
hear of it as something in which they have no par-
ticipation. Is not this the fact? Sir, we all know
that it is. We know that very many of these emi-
grants never enjoyed any political privileges them-
selves; that they have no knowledge of them; and,
least of all, have they any knowledge of our people,
our Government, or our institutions. The acquire-
ment of this knowledge is not the work of a day.
They have no sympathy in common with us; they
have no qualifications to render them fit recipients
of those high political privileges."
Again, he says:
"I would permit them to acquire wealth, to pur-
sue objeets of their own ambition. I would, in short,
allow them to become, in all respects, equal citizens
with us except only in this one matter of political
privileges. All their natural and all their civil rights
should be amply guarantied and protected; and they
should become citizens in common with us in rela-
tion to all objects except voting and holding office."
Let no man after this accuse my colleague
of inconsistency in his opposition to universal
suffrage. It is only fair toward the honorable
gentleman, however, to say that he disowns
some of these opinions now. Even he, within
the last thirty years, seems to have learned
something. He will let the Irishman vote now,
and that, too, in Pennsylvania. The progres-
sive tendency of the age has not entirely left
him in the background. He has made some
advance toward universal suffrage, very slow
but very sure. This is hopeful. May we not
predict a similar advance within the like period
of the future ? With the evidence of his ca-
pacity to barn which the last thirty years have
exhibited, would it be too much to say that at
the end of another thirty years he will not
deny the right of suffrage even to the black
man? .
I must not, however, promise too much tor
my worthy colleague. I meet with some pas-
sages in his speech of March 23d last, already
referred to, which are not encouraging. He
evidently does not like the leveling doctrine
of the early fathers, and he is not alone in this.
The great moral truths presented so forcibly
in the earlier sentences of the Declaration of
Independence have always been a stumbling-
block to the admirers of class government in
America. The doctrine of the equality of
human rights is peculiarly unacceptable to
those who by some fortunate chance have
arisen from an obscure position of which they
have the bad taste to be ashamed.
The principles laid down in 177G by men
who staked their lives upon the truth of what
they uttered have been denounced as " a fan-
faronade of nonsense." They have been called
glitteiing generalities. Thus it is that the
equality of man in the sight of his Maker is
derided and repudiated, and by none more
earnestly than by the puffed up offspring of
those who blacked boots and swept sidewalks.
But it was saved to the Democracy of Penn-
sylvania to furnish the world with the ingenious
if not lucid mode of explaining away the sub-
lime utterances of the great fathers contained
in the following paragraph. I cite from the
speech last alluded to:
" The Declaration of American Independence is
often misapplied to this subject, Thirteen English
colonies were in the act of throwing off and abjuring
the oulv civllGovornmcntunder which they had ever
lived. 'That Government set asido, they were re-
mitted to a state of nature; and in a state of nature,
antecedently to the formation of civil government,
the Declaration, copying Locke, declares—
"' That all men are created equal; that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.'
"But it goes on immediately to declare that to
secure these rights governments are instituted among
men, deriving their just powers from the consent of
the governed.' ■
"Thus that immortal instrument brings into sharp
contrast the freedom and equality of astute of n ature,
and the restricted freedom of a state of governmen t.
It does not predicate absolute freedom and equality
of a state of government, bat of a stato of nature bo-
fore civil government has intervened or been set up.
To secure these natural rights governments are
formed, and governmentcreates distinctions and in-
equalities, for some must rule and others obey, else
you have no government at all. If I am too weak
to defend and secure my natural rights standing
alone, I will associate with others in like condition
and give up some of my natural rights for the sake
of forming with tlicm a commonwealth that shall
secure to us all the great rights of life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness. For the sake of these great
intorests I will assent to a condition of inequality
and subjection which nature never ordained. Such
is the manner in which civil government supervenes
upon natural rights, and the misconstruction which
is so frequently made of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence consists m applying to a state of govern-
ment that which it predicates of a state of nature.
The Declaration of Independence never became an
article of the Constitution nor an institute of the
Government. The colonies, I repeat, were passing
from one Government to another, and in the tran-
sition they called to mind their natural rights, that
the government about to be formed might secure
those that are specified. But, while theso rights are
distinctly assorted as proper objectsof governmental
protection, neither the absolute freedom nor equal-
ity of individuals in a state of civil government is
affirmed."
• I have groped among this collection of words
for some time in search of the idea intended
to be conveyed and have found it. It, is this :
by nature all men are equal. It is the province
of Government to render them unequal. By
nature they are endowed with certain inalien-
able rights. It is the province of Government
to compel them to bargain these away.
Now, in my simplicity, I had thought that
precisely the reverse of the former of these prop-
ositions is true. I had thought that by nature
men are unequal—some being wiser and some
stronger than others; and that Governments
are intended to compensate these inequalities
by bringing human actions under the operation
of laws whieh are no respecters of persons,
and thus preventing the strong and the wise
from trampling upon the weak and the ignor-
ant. My colleague admits that Government
is or should be founded upon the consent of
the governed. I never consented that anybody
should be above me in the eye of the law, and
never asked that anybody should be below me.
If society is formed by the voluntary surrender
of equality, it is difficult to see how its lower
ranks have become filled. I can understand
the voluntary assumption of power, but not the
voluntary abnegation.
A disposition to cavil about small matters
might prompt the inquiry by what process in-
alienable rights are bargained away in the form-
ation of government, and also why they should
be bargained away, since Governmentisformed
to preserve them ; but let these things pass. The
gentleman considers society as the foundation
of inequality of human rights. In my simplicity
I had thought that the arrangement by whieh
some men are deputed to make and carry out
laws no more makes these men higher or bet-
ter than their neighbors than does the corre-
sponding arrangement by which some men shave
and others are shaved render the two classes
unequal. The man who holds a law over my
head may be in a position to be feared; so
may the man who holds a razor at my throat,
but I should be slow to acknowledge superior-
ity on this account, either in the law-maker or
■the barber.
I had thought that public servants, lilfe all
other servants, are at least no better than those
they serve; that the term usually applied to them
is not a mere catchword to be used just before
elections for the purpose of flattering and de-
luding the simple minded, but that it really
contains an honest meaning. The gentleman
thinks government makes men unequal by de-
puting some to rule and others to obey, and
that the former are the superior and the latter
the inferior class. If this should be found true
in theory, I doubt very much whether practice,
at least in this country, would not contradict it.
The gentleman himself may be better, wiser,
and nobler than those who sent him here. I
am not competent to judge between him and
his constituents, but I am not prepared to con-
sent that the people of the rest of my native
State should be judged by any such standard.
I have the most profound respect for the legal
opinions of my learned colleague when I can
be sure they are not influenced by his prejudices
of rank and caste ; but I must be permitted to
doubt his capacity to judge or even compre-
hend a question which involves a comparison
of himself with other men. Some people have
a peculiar obliquity of moral vision which pre-
vents them from looking upon other human
beings in any other direction than downwards.
To return to the bill in question, I have prob-
ably said enough to satisfy my colleague that
he must not expect my assistance in passing it:
but I will venture a few suggestions for the pur-
pose of perfecting his scheme. If his object is
to curtail the power of the people by circum-
scribing that of their representatives and to
place the Government in the hands of an irre-
sponsible body, as may be reasonably inferred
from the language of the bill, I can assure him
the measure he proposes will only produce a
partial success. True, with it the people can
no longer through their representatives enact
laws except with the permission of the Presi-
dent and the Supreme Court. But they can
still, to some extent, control the President by
choosing his electors once in four years. This
is a fatal defect, but it is not without remedv.
Letmesuggvstone. The Constitution provides
no means to settle contested cases of elections
of electors. That process would seem to be left
to be devised by Congress, but as yet no legis-
lation has been had on the subject. It is not
impossible nor improbable that very soon there
may be two antagonistic sets of electors from
each of the ten States now undergoing recon-
struction, and the Lortieth Congress may be
called upon to decide, or provide the means
for deciding, which in each ease shall be
counted. Indeed, if each political party shall
nominate its leading general the determina-
tion of this question may make either Gram or
Lee our next President. How admirably it
would comport with the project now under con-
itlion to submit this question to thedecis-
