1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Sir, it is a strange idiosyncracy that gentle-
men will stand here and battle day after day
and year after year against the admission of
Territories with fifty or seventy-five thousand
intelligent and industrious inhabitants, and
still rise in their places and contend with equal
zeal for the readmission of States which have
not half that number of loyal citizens, and
they surrounded by a ninefold majority who
hate the Government and whose hands are
red with the blood of its children. Such a
minority have no right to organize or reor-
ganize governments, and if they had it could
not be done without armed intervention, nor
could governments, when organized in the in-
terests of liberty and loyalty, be maintained
over such a population without the constant
presence of military power.
In the absence of the muster-rolls of the
disloyal States I cannot give absolute statis-
tical proof, but I affirm what is well known and
will hardly admit of contradiction when I say
that the number of white voters in those Stales
not in the civil or military service of the con-
federacy was less than the number required
to construct a State out of a Territory or to
elect a member of Congress. I contend, there-
fore, that there were not white men enough in
the States at the close of the war who could
claim the right of suffrage or any political
existence to legally reorganize State govern-
ments.
I am aware that in the "prize cases" the
court decided that—
" A11 persons residingwitliin the territory occupied
by the hostile party in this contest aro liable to bo
treated as euemies, though not foreigners."
And that consequently the entire population
were disabled of all political rights and could
exercise no political function or power till re-
habilitated therewith by an act of Congress,
and, therefore, had no legal right to enter
upon the work of reconstruction till we author-
ized them so to do. Yet, sir, I a.m willing to
forego that line of discussion and build my
argument upon the premises of my opponents.
Then, sir, I reaffirm there were not loyal
white voters enough left in the southern States
to whom the right to reorganize could revert
to legalize an attempt on their part alone to
rebuild their governments. This is a plain
matter of fact.
It has been the boast of southern men that
their whole male population, not exempting
age or youth, were engaged in the civil or mil-
itary service of the confederacy; and this boast
of the South is confirmed by the testimony of
the officers of our own Army. But it is claimed
that amnesty and pardon by the President re-
stored to the disloyal their political rights and
legitimately devolved upon them the work of
reorganization.
lam aware that there is a difference of opinion
upon this point. The court ruled in the case of
''ex parte Garland'' that "it was not within the
constitutional power of Congress thus to inflict
punishment beyond the reach of executive
clemency;" and that "the pardon relieved
from all penalties and disabilities attached to
the offense of treason committed by participa-
tion in the rebellion." But, sir, treason works
a forfeiture of political rights, not as punish-
ment upon the criminal, but that the Republic
may suffer no detriment. The opinion of the
Chief Justice and three of his associates, that
"the presidential pardon relieves the party
from all the penalties, or, in other words, from
all the punishments which the law inflicted for
his offense, but it relieves him from nothing
more," is, I believe, approved by the highest
legal authority, and generally accepted by the
profession throughout the country. There can
be no relief from political disabilities except
by an act, not of the Executive, but of the
Government, which is responsible for the life
of the nation which treason endangers.
The ballot is the medium of all political
power. More than arsenals and forts, it is the
instrument of national defense, and it is as rea-
sonable to argue that the pardon puts munitions
of war and all the instruments of national
destruction into the hands of a domestic foe as
the ballot.
Sir, the good judgment of every commimity
repudiates the doctrine of the court as at vari-
ance with public safety, which is the highest
law. The life of the nation, which as a last
resort places the cruel enginery of war at the
disposal of Congress, reserves to the same body
also—not for purposes of punishment, but of
security—this equally potent and essential in-
strument of popular power. Surrenderingthen
in this argument the settled principle of law
that all the inhabitants of a rebellious State
maybe "treated as enemies," and admitting
that the right of reorganization reverted, at
the close of the war, to the loyal men in each
State, I reach the conclusion, justified I am
sure by facts, that there were not loyal white
voters enough in any State at that time to legal-
ize or justify such an attempt. Nearly the
whole white population had been drawn into
the movement for secession before the close of
the war.
In this condition of affairs the first duty of
the Executive was to detail a military com-
mander with adequate forces to each State to
restrain disloyalty and govern the inhabitants
in the interest of loyalty and liberty till such
time as civil authority could be restored. The
second duty of the Executive was to call Con-
gress together to provide for the reestablish-
ment of civil governments in the conquered
States on such terms as public safety and per-
sonal liberty should dictate.
The President, professing to follow the plan
of his predecessor, assumed the sole right and
responsibility of reestablishing civil govern-
ments in the insurgent States. Whatever may
have been the theory of Mr. Lincoln, he dis-
tinctly recognized in his message of July 8,
18G4, vetoing the reconstruction bill, tlie right
of Congress to revise his action and dictate
the policy of the Government in this regard.
After giving his reasons for disapproving the
bill on other than constitutional grounds, he
says:
" I am, and at all times shall be, prepared to give the
executive aid and assistance to anysueh people as soon
as the military resistance to the United States shall
have been suppressed in any such State, and tliepeo-
ple thereof shall have sufficiently retained to their
obedience to the Constitution and laws of tbeTJnited
States, in which cases military governors will be ap-
pointed with direction to proceed according to tho
bill."
But it makes little difference on so grave
a question whether the President assented to or
rejected the constitutionality of the measure,
so long a3 the bill itself is evidence of the
claim of Congress to the right to dictate the
polieyof reconstruction as early as 1864. And,
sir, the claim has been adjudicated and estab-
lished by every popular vote from that day to
this. At firfct President Johnson recognized
this right of Congress, but finally, by a grand
usurpation of judicial and legislative author-
ity, he ordered conventions and dictated con-
stitutions and legislation, as though the three
departments of government had been origin-
ally concentered by the fathers in the Chief
Magistrate.
The organization of States is fundamental
legislation, and to mold that legislation by
the will of one man is monarcMa—the very
essence of despotism. But the state of tho
public mind was such at the time that this would
have been acquiesced in, and very likely legal-
ized by the action of Congress, if it had been
done in the interests of loyalty.
Pour distinct courses were then at the option
of Government:
First. To govern the conquered States by
military force until there should be a loyal
white population sufficient to organize civil
governments.
Second. To rehabilitate the rebels with po-
litical rights and put the work of reorganization
into their hands. .
Third. To enfranchise the freedmen, and I
thus create a nucleus of thoroughly loyal citi- ]
zens, clothed with political power, who might |
begin the work of reorganizing republican State !
governments such as the Constitution guaran-
ties.
Fourth. These three methods could be com-
bined in an effort to satisfy the demands of
both elements of southern society ire the resto-
ration of political institutions.
The first is repugnant to the genius of free
institutions. The history of the early repub-
lics teaches the danger of employing armies
for the government of rebellious provinces, it
not unfrequently happened that they first cor-
rupted the people over whom they were placed,
and then returned home to usurp the reins of
government and establish a military despotism
upon the ruins of the State. Nothing but
absolute necessity could justify this alterna-
tive.
The President without authority attempted
to consummate reconstruction by the second
method. The result was that power was re-
stored to red-handed rebels, who, with their
old-time arrogance and exclusiveness, instituted
governments which neither respected nor pro-
tected the property, the happiness, or the lives
of loyal men, black or white. These illegal
governments Congress, in its policy of recon-
struction, refused to recognize except as pro-
visional and supplemental to the military
power. We have adopted the fourth method
of reorganization. It employs with many
restrictions and limitations the military power
as the agent of national authority and as a
temporary means of maintaining order and
the rights of the minority while the work is
progressing. With a magnanimity and confi-
dence of power without a parallel in history we
have clothed anew with every civil and polit-
cal right, and permitted to aid in renewing the
institutions which their own hands have shat-
tered, the populations of ten States, to sub-
due whom it lias cost us the treasured wealth
of generations and the precious lives of'haif
a million of our sons. We have withheld for
a season, from considerations of public safety,
the right of suffrage from fifty thousand only
of the prominent traitors who plotted for the
life of the nation. That is the sum of our
offending.
And then, sir, we have given the ballot to
seven hundred thousand black native citizens
of the United States ; and why? Not because
we recognize that they or white men have a
natural right to vote, for we first offered to the
South a scheme of reconstruction in which the
freedmen might be excluded from the voting
population; but because the blind obstinacy of
the South in rejecting that system compelled us,
in order to save them from a military rule, to
create out of the black men of the South a
loyal voting population, upon whom civil insti-
tutions might rest and find support. They
who reject salvation should never complain
when the bitter cup which they themselves have
mixed is pressed to their lips.
But why, sir, should our opponents North
or South object to the voting of black men?
Is it because they are of another race? Why,
sir, the question of a difference of capacity in
the distinctive races is one so obscure and in-
determinate_ that it can never be made the
basis of legislation, and least of all by us who
are a composite of all races. And this objec-
tion comes with a singular grace from our
Democratic friends, who are naturalizing a
hundred thousand foreigners of a different race
every year. The voting black population of
the South is seven hundred thousand. Within
the brief period of the war yonr ranks have
been swollen 1 '>y an equal number of foreign
voters of races more pugnacious and factious,
and in the tnain as little fitted for the functions
of freemen as these long-sufferingblaeks. whose
unrequited toil for generations ha s beep add-
ing to the wealth, power, and glorv of your
country. But I have yet to learn that* the
liberties of your country have ever been assailed
by any except the native aristocrats nurtured
and educated by the genius of slavery.
Is it because a transmitted curse rests upon
this unfortunate people that they are to bo
excluded from the polls? Why, sir, the blood
