THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
up the proof of the declarations by proof con-
necting the President with them. Upon that
assurance he was allowed to give the declara-
tions of General Thomas in evidence. Bat that
is the last we have heard of any supporting
proof so promised. Not a scintilla of proof
has been obtained from General Thomas or
from any other quarter, under the conspiracy
charge, of any authority given or intended to be
given by the President to General Thomas to
resort to force, intimidation, or threats in the
execution of the order which the President had
given. This is quite enough to say with regard
to those articles.
Next, as to the ninth article, usually known
•as the Emory article. It had no substance in
itself from the beginning, and, since the testi-
mony of Mr. Welles, remains without the
slightest foundation.
Next, as to the tenth article, relative to the
speeches made at the Executive Mansion, at
Cleveland, and at St. Louis, in the months
of August and September, 1866. It is in the
name of all the people of the United States
that you, Senators, are, in this article, called
upon to hold the President of the United States
criminally responsible, even to the loss of his
office, for speaking, as the article has it, with
a loud voice to assemblages of American citi-
zens, what is called scandalous matter touch-
ing the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United
States.
In the first place, that political body did not
deem it necessary to guard their own honor
and privileges by taking notice of charges so
made against themselves. Every word charged
had been brought to their notice, and they were
pressed again and again to commence proceed-
ings to vindicate their honor thus aspersed.
But they deliberately declined to interfere, and
so the slander, if it were a slander, spoken,
and the object against which it was spoken,
have all passed away, and a new Congress finds
it necessary to vindicate the honor of its de-
funct predecessor by doing that which its pre-
decessor refused to do for itself.
When the statutes of scandalum magnatum
prevailed and were in full force in England,
there happened this case, which will be found
reported in Yelverton : a common citizen was
prosecuted for scandalous matter spoken of a
peer. Pending the prosecution the great man
lost his peerage ; whereupon it was decided
that the prosecution should be dismissed.
It passes comprehension that such an article
as this tenth article should be gravely presented
in the name of the American people for words
spoken to them by one of their servants, the
President, against another of their servants,
the Congiess of the United States. If there is
any one precious right which our people value
as a jewel beyond price it is the right of free
speech with the corresponding right of a free
press. Muzzle the one or gag the other, and
we are back again to the times when there was
no such body in the State as the people.
This tenth article carries us back five hun-
dred years, to the days when the privilege of
Parliament meant the privilege of the House
of Lords, and no common man dare speak
against its authority, or the authority or per-
sonal character of what was called the great
men of the realm who sat there. A common
man said of that proud prelate, the Bishop of
Norwich, " You have writ me that which is
against the word of God, and the maintenance
of superstition." Straightway the privilege of
Parliament, seized him and punished him.
Another said of my Lord Abergavenny, I-He
sent for me and put me in little ease." That
poor man was seized at once and punished for
during to speak thus of one of the magnates of
the land.
Bat the spirit of English liberty, after strug-
gling for years, at last proved victorious over
these ancient abuses, and a man in England i
may now speak his religious sentiments without |
fear of the fires of Smithlield ; he may discuss 1
the proceedings of the great men of Parliament j
with at least a lair opportunity of defending the
liberty of speech. And at last the press of that ■
country has cleared itself of nearly all the
shackles that have beeu imposed upon it.
Nominally the law remains unchanged. Priv-
ilege of Parliament has not been expressly re-
pealed ; but, like the sword of the Black Prince
in Westminster Abbey, "it lies more honor-
able in its rust than in its edge; more glorious
in its disuse than in its service."
Upon the formation of the Constitution of
the United States our fathers were not un-
mindful of what had happened in the past.
They had brought with them the traditions of
suffering and persecution for opinion's sake,
and they determined to lay here for themselves
the foundations of civil liberty so strong that
they never could be changed. When our Con-
stitution was formed and was presented to the
various States for adoption, the universal ob-
jection made to it was not so much for what
it contained as for what it omitted. It was
said, we find here no bill of rights; we find
here no guarantee of conscience, of speech, of
press. The answer was, that the Constitution
itself was, from beginning to end, a bill of
rights ; that it conferred upon the Government
only certain specified and delegated powers,
and among these were not to be found any
grant of any power over the conscience or over
free speech or a free press. The answer was
plausible, but not satisfactory.
The consequence was that at the first Con-
gress held under the Constitution, according
to instructions sent from the various State
conventions, ten amendments were introduced
and adopted, and the first in order among them
is this amendment:
" Article 1. Congress slmll make no lnw respect-
ing an establishment of religion or prohibiting the
tree exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press; or the right of the people
peacefully to assemble and to petition the Govern-
ment for a redress of grievances."
There, in that article, associated with reli-
gious freedom, with the freedom of the press,
with the great right of popular assemblage and
of petition—there we find safely anchored for-
ever this inestimable right of free spccch.
Mark now, Senators, the prescient wisdom
of the people! Within ten years after the
adoption of the Constitution the Government
was entirely in the hands of one party. All
of its departments, executive, legislative, and
judicial, were concentrated in what, was then
called the Federal party. But a formidable
party had begun to show itself, headed by a
formidable leader—a partythen called the lie-
publican, since known as the J)emoeralic party.
Nothing was left, to them but, free speech and
a free press. All the patronage was upon the
other side. But they made the most of these
great engines. So much, however, had the
dominant party lost discretion, confident in its
party strength, that, irritated to folly and mad-
ness by the fierce attacks made upon its exec-
utive, its judiciary, and its [louses of Congress,
in an evil hour it passed an act, July 11, 171)8,
entitled " An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States."
The second section of this act provides:
"That if any peison shall wiite, print, utter, pub-
lish" 4 * * * "any taJ^c, scandalous,
and malicious writings against the (Jovcniiiiont, of
tho United States, or either House of the Congress
ot the United States, or the President ot the United
States, with intent to dof.imo tho said Government
or either House of the said Congress, or the said
President, or to bring them or either of them into
contempt oi disrepute, 01 tu cxeite against them,or
either or any of tliem, the hatied of the good people
of the United States," * * * such
persons" " * r" "shall he punished
by a lino not exceeding $2,000 and by imprisonment
not exceeding two years."
No act has ever been passed by the Congress
of the United States so odious to the people
as this. Mr. Hamilton and other great Feder-
alists of the day attempted m vain to defend
it before the people. But the authors of the
law and the law itself went down together be-
fore the popular indignation, and this act,
which was gotten up by a great and powerful
party in order to preserve itself m power, be-
came the fatal means of driving that party out
of power, followed by the maledictions of the
people.
History continues to teach, now as here-
tofore, that '* Eternal vigilance is the price of
liberty." There is now, as there has been in
the past, a constant tendency to transfer power
from the many to the few. There the danger
lies to the permanence of our political institu-
tions, and its source is in the legislative depart-
ment, and in the legislative department alone.
Guard that well and we are safe ; and to guard
it well you must guard the other departments
from its encroachments. Without the help of
the people they cannot defend themselves.
This last attempt manifested in this tenth arti-
cle to again bring into playthe fearful privilege
of the legislative department is only a repe-
tition of what has happened from the dawn of
history. Wherever that has been the governing
element it has always been jealous of free
speech and a free press. It has not been so
with the absolute monarch. He feels secure,
surrounded by physical power, sustained by
armies and navies. Accordingly we find that
such a monster as Tiberius pardoned a poor
wretch who had lampooned his authority and
ridiculed his conduct, while the decemvirs
remorselessly put to death a Roman satirist
who was bold enough to attack and to bring
into contempt their authority.
The eleventh article is the only one that re-
mains to be considered. I confess my inabil-
ity to make anything out of that article. There
is, in the first place, a reference to the speech
of the 18th of August, 1806, and it then
charges substantially the same things contained
in the tenth article in reference to that speech,
adding a new allegation, not sustained by proof
of the speech itself or by any other proof in
the case, that by that speech the President de-
nied the power of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
to propose amendments to the Constitution of
the United States, Then follow indefinite alle-
gations of contriving means or attempting to
contrive means to defeat the execution of the
tenure-of-civil-oflice act, the military appro-
priation act, and the reconstruction act. What
things were contrived we are not told, nor what
things were attempted to be contrived. I do
not feel warranted in taking up the time of the
Senate by any further consideration of this
anomalous article. So far as it has any refer-
ence whatever to the freedom of speech, what
I have said in answer to the tenth article seems
to be sufficient. As to anything this article
contains beyond reference to that speech I, for
one, can make nothing out of it.
And now, Senators, after this review of the
articles of impeachment, we are prepared to
form some idea of the nature of this impeach-
ment itself. Where, now, is the mischief?
Where, now, is the injury to any individual or
to any officer of the Government brought about
by the action of the President? Whether act-
uated by good motives or bad, no injury has
followed; no public interest has suffered; no
officer has been changed, either rightfully or
wrongfully ; not an item of public property or
of public money has passed out of the custody
of law, or has been appropriated to improper
uses.
To all this it is said that it is enough that
the law lias been violated, that powers have
been assumed by the President not conferred
upon him by the Constitution of the United
States. It is in the order of the 'Jlst of Feb-
ruary, 1868, that it is claimed on the part of
the Managers that the President usurped a
power not granted by the Constitution.
If that, proposition could be established the
Managers would still be a great way off from a
conviction for an impeachable offense. Much
more must be made out besides the actual
violation by the President of the constitutional
provision: first of all, the criminal intent to
violate; and secondly, the existence of an act
of Congress providing that such violation with
criminal intent should amount to a high crime
and misdemeanor. But I hasten to meet the
Managers upon the main proposition, and I
maintain with confidence that the order issued
on the 21st of February, 1868, for the removal
of Mr. Stanton, was issued by the President in
