1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion of the Supreme Court. Why not add a
section, to the present bill empowering the
Supreme Court to decide contested elections
of electors? If with this additional aid the
President and the Supreme "Court do not at
some time in the future achieve permanence
in office and complete irresponsible and des-
potic power, then American ambition must be
made of different material from that of the Old
World in times past.
■ Mr, WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, al-
though I feel very competent to reply now and
here to everything which has been advanced
by my colleague, yet I think it would be indec-
orous m me to make -an instant reply to an
indictment which has been drawn so carefully
and elaborately as that which he lias read from
his manuscript to these almost empty benches.
I propose, therefore, after due deliberation, to
put in my answer to this bill of indictment. I
suppose the accusation and bill have some
great olyect in view. I confess I do not see
what that object is, but it does not become me
to inquire. I propose at the next opportunity,
•when the House is in the Committee of the
Vv hole, to make as formal a reply to the gen-
tleman as he has made his attack on me.
Meanwhile, there is one single point in what
he has advanced to which I wish to allude now.
The gentleman insinuated, almost said, that in
a latespeech which I had the honor to submit
in this House certain expressions that arc
found in the published report were not deliv-
ered. The insinuation is—and so I suppose it
is intended to go out to the country—that I
caused to be printed something that was not
in the speech I delivered. Now, the gentle-
man's colleague, [Mr. Myeks,] who took some
notice of the point at the time, had the candor
to concede that every word that was printed
was on the paper before me, and every word
was delivered down to perhaps the very last
sentence on that paper. When the Speaker's
hammer tell, and my time was said to be ex-
hausted, the gentleman and those who acted
with him refused to allow me time enough to
finish that sentence. The manuscript with
that unfinished sentence was then passed over
into the hands of the reporters, and-1 have
never seen it since. >
Tiie intimation, therefore, is false and slan-
derous that something was inserted in the
Globe that was notdelivered here. Every word
was delivered that my time allowed me to de-
liver, and every word that was not spoken was
passed into the hands of the reporters, and has
never been seen by me since except in print.
That is the fact iu regard to the delivery of the
speech. It is, therefore, unkind and unjust in
any gentleman to insinuate that I published in
the Globe a speech that I did not deliver here.
There was not a word of the speech published
in the Globe that was not on my written manu-
script, and nearly every sentence in it, cer-
tainly every paragraph in it, was actually deliv-
ered, and I was in the act of completing the
last paragraph when I was cut off by the fall
of the hammer.
Now, 1 trust, as my colleague from Phila-
delphia [Mr. Myers] did me the justice at the
time to concede the fact as I have stated it now,
that my colleague from the Delaware district
£Mr. Broomall] will not make himself un-
happy iu the future about the matter.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will thegentleman yield ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will state that I lis-
tened to the speech of the gentleman. I cer-
tainly did tot hear the part I have quoted ; I
am not quite sure that I listened to all he deliv-
ered, but my information on the subject was
derived in this way: the remarks were not
heard by many, and—-
Mr. WOODWARD. They were not deliv-
ered. They were the very last words of the
speech, and they were not spoken.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is my recollection.
I was afraid I had done my colleague injus-
tice. But I remember that the next morning
there was considerable discussion on this side
of the House about moving a resolution of
40th Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 153.
censure, and the answer was, "Why, those
remarks were not delivered in the House, and
we cannot censure him."
Mr. WOODWABD. The fact is just this:
I had the last sheet of paper of my notes in my
hand, and I was delivering it just as rapidly as
I could deliver it when the hammer fell. The
hammer fell, I think, in the middle of the last
sentence on that page ; certainly in the midst
of the last paragraph.
Mr. BROOMALL. And before the remarks
that I quoted.
Mr. WOODWARD. The remarks you have
quoted were the very last remarks on the last
page of my speech.
Mr. BROOMALL. And were not delivered.
Mr. WOODWARD. That was the reason
why_ they were not actually pronounced. As
I said before, the hammer fell while I was in
the act of delivering them. I handed the
notes over to the reporter, and I have not seen
them since that time.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have net the smallest
reason to call any of this in question.
Mr. WOODWARD. Now, as this is a small
matter of fact, I would like to have it correctly
ascertained. The truth is, as I understood—1
am a new member here—the House frequently
^ives a member, when he has not time enough to
finish his speech, leave to print it in the Globe.
I supposed that under that general regulation
I had a right to hand over to the reporters my
entire notes. If my attention had been called
to the subject at the moment I, perhaps, would
have struck out that part of the paragraph
which I had not yet actually got out of my
mouth ; but my attention was not called to it.
In the course of business my notes passed over
into the hands of the reporters, and I thought
no more of the matter until my colleague from
Philadelphia [Mr. Myers] undertook to arraign
me about it, and, upon an explanation, lie ad-
mitted that it was all on the written paper, and
if there is any doubt about it the reporters will
verify it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have no reason to
question it.
Mr. WOODWARD. If you will look at the
original notes, you will find that what I have
stated is exactly the fact of the case.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have no reason to
question it. I think I have said nothing in
my remarks that would contradict that.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, your remarks
insinuate that I got into the Globe that which
I had not delivered here.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is not that the fact?
Mr. WOODWARD. Well, it is not true
in the sense in which you put it forward. It
is not true in that sense. If the full facts that
I have explained had been stated I should
have had nothing to complain of.
Mr. Chairman, I have explained this single
point in the gentleman's remarks. On some
future occasion I propose to refer to other
things which he has said.
Mr. MYERS. I do not know that there is
any necessity of my saying anything. My
speech I suppose is what my colleague alludes
to, and my speech is on record.
Mr. WOODWARD. I yield now for a motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. BOYER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Covode
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Woodbridge reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and had .come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. PERHAM, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of the
Rocky Mountain Railroad and Telegraph Com-
®)a?>y'i.Cor-Sil}J;n construction of said road.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of J. D. Stock-
ton, formerly sergeant company B, third regi-
ment Arkansas cavalry, praying bounty.
By Mr. PHELPS: A memorial of iron
manufacturers and civil engineers, of Balti-
more, Maryland, praying for legislation to se-
cure the engineer and other staff corps of the
Navy against unjust discrimination.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
petition of sundry citizens of Rochester, New
York, in behalf of Dorrance Atwater, praying
for his relief from conviction by court-martial.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 18, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D,
The Journal of yesterday's legislative pro-
ceedings was read and approved.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn until Saturday next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us dispose of the
morning business first.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish the Sen-
ator from Minnesota would allow me to make
some reports.
Me. RAMSEY. I make the motion to
adjourn. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that he has an accumulation of
documents on his table which he has had no
opportunity to place before the Senate. They
ought to be placed before the Senate at some
time.
Mr. SUMNER. They can be presented at
some other time.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, that the Senate adjourn until Saturday
next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. That motion is debat-
able, I be iieve. I have a word to say about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will vote it down.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The motion was not agreed to.
message t'uom the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing joint resolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate :
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 262) author-
izing certain distilled spirits to be turned over
to the Surgeon General for the use of Army-
hospitals ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 180) declaring
the meaning of the acts relating to the Pacifie
railroad; aud
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 1G8) to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July f, 1862.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication from
the General of the Army, which was read:
Headquarters Army op the United States,
Wasiiix&tox, 1). C., May 7,1868.
Sia: I have tiie honor to acknowledge the receipt
of Senate resolution of date December 5,1867, calling
upon me for a statement of the number of white and
colored voters registered in each of the States subject
to the reconstruction acts of Congress, the number
of white and colored voters voting for and against
the calling ot a convention, and as far as practicable
the number of white and colored persons disfran-
chised and rendered incompetent by the leconstruc-
tion acts to vote for a convention, and thennmberof
white persons entitled to be registered but who did
not apply for registration. Not having the facts
necessary to enable me to furnish the statement re-
quired, I referred the resolution to the several dis-
trict commanders for theinformationcaJledforsofar
as related to their several districts; and in answer
thereto I respectfully submit herewith their several
reports.
Vcry respectfully, your obedient servant,
V. S. GRAjS'I. General.
Hon. B. F. Wade, President United States Senate.
The communication, with the accompanying
