1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3457
value of their production in order to get it. to
market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, in order to give some
gentleman who desires to be heard an oppor-
tunity to renew it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment to the amendment, and yield
my time to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHBNCK. My colleague upon the
Committee of Ways and Means_[Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts] gives me his time, which
enables mo to finish what I desired to say. I
say that I have no doubt the effect of this prop-
osition will bo that the western trader or dis-
tiller, finding that he cannot; afford the amount
of capital that he can employ and handle
and advance twice and a half the price of his
product in order to get it to market, will be
compelled to sell out at a disadvantage to some
one who can afford to lay out so much money,
to some one who is a capitalist and comes from
the East to speculate in those spirits, and who
will expect in return to drive him down to the
lowest possible living price for the article which
he produces. Thus the whole will operate to
the benefit of the capitalist rather than to the
man who produces the article. Such will be
the effect of the proposition that eventually,
and probably within twelve months from this
time, if we pass a law under this impulse which
now seems to prevail, to break up everything
like transportation in bond, we will have the
whole West clamoring for a renewal of the
bonded system. The man who lias to advance
$5,000 in order to get $2,000 worth of his pro-
duct to market must lay out of the interest of
his money until he gets that to market, must
be subjected to all the losses and incidental
expenses, until finally, when he does succeed in
making a disposition and sale of his property,
these incidental expenses will pretty much eat
up the original cost of the article, or at least
that proportion of the amount for which it sold
which was likely to be profit.
Now, meeting this question, and seeing the
determination not to have any removal gene-
rally of spirits in bond without the prepayment
of the tax, the committee have sought to pro-
vide at least a system by which the export
trade of the country might be kept up by a good
and complete machinery of bonded transporta-
tion, upon which subsequently might be_ in-
grafted, if thoughtproper, by future legislation,
some restoration of that which I think will be
demanded particularly by the western pait of
the country. We have provided that at least
distilled spirits may go forward from the dis-
tillery warehouse, under careful restrictions,
where they are actually intended for exporta-
tion and are really exported. We have made
an exception in favor of those manufactured
compounds into the production of which spirits
mainly enter, in order that we may save that
much toward our foreign trade.
And here I will remark iu passing that, among
other houses, there is a single house in New
York city which exports some four hundred
and twenty thousand dollars' worth annually
even of what may be considered the insignifi-
cant article of cosmetics, getting their distilled
spirits in this country without the payment of
a tax, because it goes abroad, being able to
compete with the French and other manufac-
turers so as to push their goods out of the
market. So in regard to the distillation of
alcohol, the production of ram and all forms of
distilled spirits in which that article goes abroad
to any extent: we compete with all Europe in
our redistilled spirits, in our alcohol used ex-
tensively in the arts, used for the production
of that brandy by mixture which they send back
to us and pay a high duty upon. We crowd
out the alcohol of Europe; and that trade is
continually increasing.
Now, I think my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Looan] is mistaken. I know how strong
his opposition is to anything like the trans-
portation of spirits in bond. I think gentle-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 211.
men are generally mistaken who suppose that
the system of transportation provided for in
this bill is the present system at all. It is sur-
rounded by such guards, such restrictions in
respect to removal from one place to another,
a single removal, the route to be selected, the
guards along the route, the bonds under which
it is to be done, the forms to be observed, that
it seems to nie it is impossible by any human
calculation or ingenuity to make such frauds
possible as are now committed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I desire to occupy the atten-
tion of the committee for a few moments ; and
I hope the chairman of the committee will not
think that my opposition to this bonded system
is actuated by anything except a desire to arrive
at that which is right. But I wish to call the
attention of the committee to one of the argu-
ments presented by the chairman. If this bill
is designed to provide for exportation only,
very well. Then I ask the chairman to tell me
why he uses all through the bill the words
"distilled spirits?" "Distilled spirits" in-
cludes whisky ; it includes crude spirits it
includes high wines and alcohol and rum. This
bill, then, allows the transportation in bond
of whiskyf alcohol, high wines, crude spirits,
and rum. Now, sir, I want the committee to
understand that we do not export any of these
articles, except alcohol and rum j and when
you provide for transporting for export that
which is never exported you hold out to the
country an inducement that is a false induce-
ment. I do not mean any intentionally false
inducement. Gentlemen say " the provision
can be easily changed." I understand that,
and I propose to change it.
it is said that the West will be howling here
next session for transportation in bond. You
have already provided in this bill for the trans-
portation in bond of any kind of distilled spirits
for exportation. Then, again, spirits may be
taken out of the warehouse for redistillation.
Now, if this is not the old law over again,
except that there are a few additional guards,
I do not understand the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. It only goes from the
distillery.
Mr.LOGAN. I understand that. You allow
it to be taken out of the distillery warehouse
for redistillation. There is one chance for
fiaud by stealing the whisky. Then you allow
it to be returned. There is another chance
for fraud 011 that trip. Then you allow the
liquor to be transported to New York, Phila-
delphia, or Boston—for what? F01- export-
ation. There is another chance for fraud.
Thus, by the provisions of this bill, yon allow
the liquor to go all over the country. Now, I
propose to adopt, what seems to me fair deal-
ing with the country. I propose that we shall
permit rum and alcohol to be exported, be-
cause these are all of this class of articles that
ever are exported. If we intend to allowonly
the transportation in bond of that which is to
be exported, and want to deal fairly with the
country, let us say so in this bill. It is useless
to tell the western people that they can trans-
port in bond for exportation. They will under-
stand perfectly well that they can export just
as they have done heretofore; and so will
everybody else. But how was it that your
whisky got 011 the market when it was trans-
ported trorn Peoria, from Dubuque, from Chi-
cago, and from everywhere else to New York.
How was it? Why, some of it was transported
perhaps for exportation, some for one thing
and some for another; some perhaps to be used
in the preparation of cosmetics. Yet that
liquor got on the market, and the Government
lost the tax, just as it will if you provide by
this bill for transportation in bond. We have
now in bond some twenty-five million gallons
of whisky, the tax on which under the pres-
ent law is $50,000,000. Under the reduction
of tax proposed in this bill the tax would
amdunt to $12,500,000.
Now, I propose that drawbacks shall be paid
an that only which is exported and nothing
else 5 and I say that, if the Government were
to pay $5,000,000 011 this whisky, and then
throw it into the canal down here oc into the
river, not a gallon being exported, the Gov-
ernment would make money by the operation.
The Government has, during the last twelve
months, lost oyer one hundred million dollars
by transportation bonds and bonded ware-
houses. This is well known to gentlemen of
the House. We ought to have realized the tax
on at least one hundred milliongallons, which
would have been $200,000,000. How much have
we realized? Fourteen million dofers. It is
said that the two-dollar tax cannot blcollected.
But, why has it not been collected? Because the
whisky got on the market by virtue of fraudu-
lent transportation bonds, by virtue of bonded
warehouses, by virtue of transportation from
one part of the country to another. If you
want to reenact the same scenes and deprive
the Government of $100,000,000—for out of
this you will not get more than forty or fifty
million dollars—if you want to deprive the
Government of this revenue reenact the old
bonded warehouse system, call it by what name
you please, and you will have the same frauds
yon have had for the last eighteen months.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Illinois to a defect in his
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to state that I have two amendments,
one I think at the suggestion of the gentleman
from Iowa. I will read them, and will, if gen-
tlemen desire, let them go with my substitute.
Add to the first section of my amendment:
Provided, also. That a deduction of five per cent,
shall be made from the amount of drawback herein
allowed.
Then, again, insert before the word "pro-
vided" the following:
And in liko manner a drawback shall be allowed
upon all alcohol and turn used in the manufacture
of medical preparations, compositions, perfumery,
cosmetics, cordials, and liquors, under such rules
and regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
lievenuo shall prescribe.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman mod-
ify the substitute as he suggests by those two
amendments?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not. I merely wish to
show the amendments of the substitute that
have been suggested to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending proposi-
tion is the substitute moved by the gentleman
from Illinois. Does the gentleman withdraw it?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not. I am willing to
modify it so as to make it more effective if
possible.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be modified
unless it is withdrawn.
Mr. ALLISON. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois. I have a
proposition, which 1 will hereafter move, pro-
viding this drawback shall not exceed fifty
cents per gallon. He has the extraordinary
proposition here that we shall refund upon
any kind of exported spirits all the taxes paid
thereon. I should like to see any man who can
tell what the taxes are that under this amend-
ment will be refunded.
Mr. Chairman, 1 believe we all agree upon
the general proposition that some method
should be ascertained whereby we can protect
the interest of those who in good faith are the
exporters of distilled spirits. But I wish tc
say to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Loci.:;,]
when lie attacks the principles of this bill and
proposes to substitute his drawback system in
my judgment he opensthe flood-gates of fraud.
He seems to ignore in his entire argument
that we have provided a stamp for distilled
spirits by which it will be impossible to trans-
port them unless they have paid the tax except
011 a designated line of transportation to a port
of entry. Any detention or diversion from this
line would at once render them liable to seizure
for want of the tax-paid stamp; no one would
