1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the white man has been so generally trans-
fused into their veins that it would baffle the
double sight of a seer to decide whether they are
entitled to the blessing of Shetn or the curse
of Ham. Those are all the miserable shifts of
a lame and halting logic, utterly unworthy of
statesmen. And in thisl can hardly fail to have
the sympathy of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin. For in a speech upon the deport-
ation and planting of the blacks in Hayti and
Liberia, which his good genius must have in-
spired before it forsook these Halls, I find this
noble and generous utterance:
" I believe that in so doing we may be instrumental,
under the providence of Almighty God, in laying the
foundation of an empire there, a greatrepublie to be
composed of those people and their descendants, and
of the people already there, who stand ready and will-
ing and anxious to receive them as a part of them-
selves, which, after a fow generations, will contain a
hundred million human beings: a republio which
shall be in the tropics what this Republic is in the
temperate zone of tho North American continent."
And yet these people, so docile, so apt to
learn, who had received nothing but hardships
and wrong under the Republic, whose progen-
itors for six generations had raised children to
an inheritance of hopeless toil, shame, and
sorrow, in the terrible ordeal in which white
men forswore their allegiance, were true to
their Government and its defenders; and the
ashes of thirty thousand of them are mingling
to-day with the hallowed dust of your children
on fields glorious forevermore in the annals
of liberty. These are the men whom we are
called upon to deprive forever of the primal
privilege of self-government to appease the
prejudice and hate of men whom our clemency
'has allowed to go unwhipped of justice.
Can any man tell me what it is except preju-
dice, pride, and hate, which keeps the enfran-
chised whites of the South from going quietly
to the ballot-box, and from falling into the
natural relations of labor and of society with
the black man, as we of the North have always
done? It is nothing else, sir. If there is to
be any war of races it will spring from their
disposition and not our action. They outnum-
ber the blacks, and have wealth, habits of com-
mand, and the prestige of race; and it is ab-
surd to argue that they may be outstripped and
subordinated in a fair competition with the
blacks, unless they have become too indolent
to deserve, success. With an inequality of
capacity, influence and social position cannot
be measured by numbers.
It is charged upon tho congressional system
of reconstruction that it tends to the establish-
ment of negro supremacy at the South. I repel
the charge. It simply recognizes the political
equality of the races according to the dogma
of the fathers, and leaves both black and white
at liberty to work out their position in society
according to their capacities. Is not that right
judged by any law, human or divine? If the
white man complain* of such legislation, ho
exhibits a cowardly want of confidence in his
own abilities.
I do not stand hero to defend universal man-
hood suffrage, either black or white, in a nor-
mal state of society, but I am here to defend
the enfranchisement of the negroes of the South
as a necessity as absolute as any which existed
during the war. There was no other way in
which Congress could revive and reform the
governments of those States, which the gentle-
man from Indiana tells us survived the war,
and so fulfill its guarantee to the loyal people
of the South ; I say the loyal people, for they
alone could hold the Government to this con-
stitutional pledge. It was to redeem the guar-
antee to them as against rebels and a military
rale that colored men were added to the voting
population of the States.
Whether the governments to be established
shall be a new creation or a resurrection of
the old I regard as of no practical importance.
If new constitutions are to be framed they
must be adapted to the times ; if old ones re-
vived they must be essentially reformed to
meet the changed condition of affairs.
Who troubles himself to-day with the vexed
question whether the Convention of 1787 framed
40th Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 89.
a new Constitution or revised the old Articles
of Confederation ? So now it is not a matter
of any practical importance to the country at
large, nor, in my judgment, to the people of
the South themselves, whether their conven-
tions reform their old constitutions- or frame
new ones ; whether they organize or reorgan-
ize State-governments, provided the constitu-
tions which they do frame secure tho civil and
political rights of every citizen, regardless of
race or condition, and are adopted by the
people.
Sir, the war was inaugurated to establish the
right and perpetuate the existence of human
bondage against the aggressive American
theory of the equality of men in political rights.
This bitter struggle over, reconstruction is a
determined antagonism between the same prin-
ciples. It is simply that, and nothing more.
Put our reconstruction acts into the hands of
any impartial European statesman who believes
in political freedom, while he might possibly
prefer suffrage based upon intelligence as the
wisest policy for the Republic in the long run,
lie would tell you that they contain no element
of injustice, and were wholly in the interests
of personal and public liberty.
The essential hardship in these acts is the
recognition- of the political equality of man
and the protection which they give to black
citizens against perpetual subordination. The
questions involved are purely political. The
social status of men is determined by original
capacity, and cannot be fixed or safely tam-
pered with by legislation. A fair chance for
all, leaving the rest to God and nature, is the
fundamental axiom of free governments.
Wc cannot level the earth while its internal
forces are at work ; neither can we bring so-
ciety to a social equality while the original
forces of character are uneqnally distriouted ;
but social and intellectual differences cannot be
made an excuse for any class monopoly of
political power. Equality before the law is the
groundwork of our civil fabric. Every repub-
lic ignores race and class, and assumes suffi-
cient knowledge and self-direction in the peo-
ple to render them capable of establishing and
administering their civil and political institu-
tions. This universal experience proves to be
impossible among uncivilized populations. The
ballot is the instrument by which the people
wield their political sovereignty, impress their
will upon the Government, and determine the
character and history of the nation. Political
subordination is the inevitable condition of
general ignorance and incapacity. Self gov-
ernment and political supremacy are the right
of an intelligent people. Now, naturalization
laws and conditions of snffrage are the guards
which a wise Government places at the en-
trance of political power, lest hate or inca-
pacity, engendered at home or abroad, should
enter in such force as to ruin the Republic. But
it is only when the disqualified become a ma-
jority or a large minority that there is any prac-
tical danger to Government from manhood suf-
frage. And, sir, itisnotsimplyarrantabsurdiiy,
but it is shallow and brazen hypocrisy, for men
still panting with the unhallowed attempt to
erect an aristocracy upon the ruins of the Re-
public to come here and warn us that the vote
of the black man, the victim of their lust and
cupidity, will be dangerous to liberty.
Our policy of reconstruction is the result of
two years of incessant, patriotic, and intelli-
gent labor ; and I deem it an insult to the
American Congress for any man to plead either
the poverty or the rights of traitors, unwashed
of the guilt of blood, as against a system which
contemplates the uplifting of master and slave
to the same inheritance of rights and prosper-
ity which we enjoy. Sir, let them not claim
the fatted calf, the robe, and the ring till they
have returned from their rioting among the har-
lots and their feeding with swine to the old
homestead with some show of contrition and
some word of filial affection.
To maintain this great fabric we have been
wielding with terrible effect the unlimited pow-
ers of war for years. Doesnotthesamesupreme
law of public safety hold in time of peace and
throw upon us Senators the solemn obligation
to use the authority with which the popular
will has clothed us to meet the exigencies 'of
the time?
The Constitution cannot be urged against us,
for it was framed in the interests of liberty,
not to hamper and baffle its progress. When
the disloyal are seeking to subvert the insti-
tutions of a State it guaranties to the loyal a
republican Government and gives all neces-
sary powers to fulfill the guarantee ; and it
should be remembered that tke'se constitutional
powers are to provide rather for the emer*
gencies of peace than of war, for the framers
of the Constitution knew well that in an effort
to destroy the Republic by armed revolution
the Government could assume the original
right of every people to suspend civil authority
and wield the unrestricted powers of war. They
did not employ themselves in delegating to the
Government powers which it possessed by virtus
of its very existence.
I have fallen upon an eloquent piece of ora-
tory, not to say logic, in the late speech of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin. He says :
"I ask, Mr. President, with all the earnestness of
which the soul is capable, can any human being con-
ceive of a measure so well calculated to make the
whole white people of the South, men.iromen, and
children, hate and loathe our Government, to hate it
with a perfect hatied, to gathor around the family
altar upon their bended knees to curse it, and in tho
agony of prayor to call upon God to curse it, as this
radical reconstruction which seeks to disfranchise the
hoart and brain of tho South, and to subject at the
point of the bayonet the white race to the dominion
of their late half-civilized African slaves? Instead
of peace it gives them a sword ; instead of hope it
fills them with despair; instead of civil liberty it gives
them military despotism. White disfranchisement
and negro domination was the idea which inspired
and provoked the riot at New Orleans. It has ar-
rayed everywhere the blacks and whites in hostility
to each other,-often resulting in bloodshed all over
the South. It tends directly to bring on that war of
races which in the West Indies enacted scenes of
horror to sicken and appal the world."
Now, Mr. President, no man feels more
kindly to the masses of the southern people
than I, yet I feel constrained to say that the
perfect hatred and loathing, the cursing and
calling upon God to curse our Government—
minus the family altar, the genuflexions, and
the prayers—are little amusements in which the
political leaders of the South have been in the
habit of indulging as far back as I can remem-
ber. If, now, radical reconstruction will have
the effect to bring in the omitted accompani-
ments, it will certainly improve the manners
and give a touch of grace to the devotions of
our southern brothers.
But it is to "disfranchise the heart and brain
of the South." I do not know as I understand
that, but I am inclined to believe the southern
heart and brain will find a necessity for a little
more activity and productiveness when our
work is completed than during the existence
of slavery. And the white race, whom it took
the Government four years to subdue with a
million and a half of men, are to be subjected
at the point of the bayonet to the dominion
of seven hundred thousand late half-civilized
African slaves who are too stupid and ignorant
to vote. I fear the chivalry will regard that
as a very questionable compliment.
My friend goes on to inform us that—
"Instead of peace it gives them a sword; instead
of hope it tills them with despair; instead of civil
liberty it gives them military despotism."
I am inclined myself to think they begin to
lose hope, possibly to be filled with despair of
success in the line of their aspirations ; but I
had supposed they were more troubled with
the loss than the gift of the sword; and as for
civil liberty and military despotism our acts
leave tliem to their own choice.
The honorable Senator says still further:
"White disfranchisement and negro domination
was the idea which inspired and piovoked the riot
at New Orleans; that arrayed every where the blacks
and whites in hostility to each other, often resulting
in bloodshed all over the South. It tends directly to
bring on that war of races which in the West Indies
enacted scenes of horror to sicken and appal the
world."
Now, substituting for the "bloodshed all
over the South" the millennium of peace
