3458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
buy them for consumption because they could
not be put upon the market. My friend ought
also to know, when he charges the commit-
tee with perpetrating a deception upon this
Hor.se——
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don, I have not charged anything of the kind.
Mr. ALLISON, i understood him to say
that the words " distilled spirits," used in this
bill, are a deception. I know, and I presume
most of the members of this House know, that
alcohol is distilled spirits, and everything that
contains the elementof alcohol, when it comes
from the processes of distillation known in
the miu'ktfcs of the world. I say when we use
the words "distilled spirits" we use the exact
and proper words. 1 agree with my friend
that weshould adopt some means by which these
frauds should be prevented. In my judgment
his proposition is not the true method, and
if we cannot transport distilled spirits from
Chicago, Peoria, ami Dubuque to New York
without reopening the flood-gates of fraud, then
every gallon should pay the tax at the dis-
tillery warehouse, without any exception or
limitation whatever, and let our exporlations
of this article entirely cease. It is a small busi-
ness compared with the interest at stake in
this question of collecting the tax on distilled
spirits.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask my
colleague a question.
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield if you will
make it short.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Do I-understnnd
by this bill that spirits may be transported in
bond for any other purpose than exportation
and use in the manufacture of medicine and
other articles?
Mr. ALLISON. I know very we'll what my
colleague proposes to follow with that ques-
tion. There is no proposition here to allow
transportation in bond except for exportation
to foreign countries and for the manufacture
of cosmetics, perfumery, cordials, &c., which
shall afterward be exported, and when we
come to that I shall move to strike it out. It
opens the door for the perpetration of the
worst species of fraud that can be perpetrated
in this article of distilled spirits. I have been
informed that one house in New York has
exported six thousand barrels of brandy to the
Mediterranean coast, which was little else than
water, under the protection of the one hundred
and sixty-eighth section of the present law,
which is to some extent reenacted in this bill.
This brandy was almost valueless when it ar-
rived at the foreign port, and doubtless repre-
sented six thousand barrels of distilled spirits
put on the market in this country without the
payment of any tax whatever,
[Here the hammer toll.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment. Does the
gentleman from Illinois desire to modify it
before the vote is taken ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask my colleague to
withdraw it and let me renew it.
Mr. LOGAN. I will modify it, at the sug-
gestion of several gentlemen, by inserting after
the word " thereon" the words "not exceed-
ing fifty cents per gallon on each gallon of
proof-spirits," and by striking out the words
"and no more ;" so that it will read as follows:
That from and sifter the date ,it which this act shall
take effect there shall be an allowance of drawback
on all rum and alcohol, on which any internal taxoB
shall hereafter bo paid, equal in amount to the tax
so paid thereon, not exceeding fifty cents per gallon
on each gallon of proof-spirits, when exported in
good faith.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question being taken on the amendment,
as modified, there were—ayes 48, noes 45 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Logax and Allisos.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 46.
■ So the amendment of Mr. Logan was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Boutwell as amended.
Mr. BROOMALL. f move to insert at the
end of the first section the following additional
proviso :
And provided further. That the whole amount of
drawback allowed shall not exceed the entire amount
of tax collected.
I am afraid the drawback will exceed the
entire tax.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope it will not bo adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am opposed to the
principle embodied in the pending proposition;
but if we must pass it I desire this amendment
to be added to the section:
And provide! further, That there shall bo allowed
and paid to the exporter, in addition to the draw-
back, interest on the amount of the drawback at the
rate of six per cent, per annum for tlio time tlio tax
shall be held by the Government.
If the proposition of iny colleague [Mr.
TjOHAN"] is to prevail I hope this amendment
will become a part of the section for the ben-
efit of this interest. Prom the legislation that
we have had here to-day it would seem to me
to be the intention to break down the manu-
facture of distilled spirits in this country alto-
gether, including the exportation oTalcohol to
foreign countries, and to transfer the produc-
tion of distilled spirits to Canada, allowing
Canadian smugglers to supply this country
with that article. Under the thirty-third sec-
tion of this bill, which was not stricken out
on iny motion to-day, as it ought to have been,
I maintain that no house that distills five hun-
dred bushels of grain a day can continue to do
business. The thirty-thiid section provides
that the distillery shall remain idle two days
out of the seven.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It provides that the
distillery shall go out of blast at eleven o'clock
on Saturday forenoon.
Mr. PRICE. Oh, no; on Saturday night.
Mr. SCHENCK. One hour before midnight.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me see; I have the
section here. The gentleman is right; it is not
quite so bad as I thought it was. It says at
eleven o'clock in the afternoon. That is rather
a queer way to state it. However, it requires
the distillery to cease operations for one whole
day, from Saturday till Monday. Now, a dis-
tillery that is distilling fifteen hundred or two
thousand bushels a day will feed four or five
thousand hogs and five hundred bead of cattle,
and it is nut expected to go out of blast from
Novotnbei until the following May. You require
that the cattle and hogsshall "fast" one dayout
of seven. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. 1NGE liSOLL. I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to know if the
hogs could not eat something else that day?
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I suppose they
could if they could get it. It is not, however,
worth while to waste words on a question so
trifling. You have retained that provision, and
now you propose to kill the export trade alto-
gether. You put on a heavy special tax, and
all sorts of taxes, as though the United States
was the only country that produces alcohol on
the face of the whole earth, whereas we have to
compete with English, and more especially with
German manufacturers. During the war we
actually imported alcohol for home use from
Germany, and we shall do it again if this bill
shall ever become a law. If you intend that
the distillers in this country shall export
alcohol, where are they going to lind a mar-
ket? Not in England, not in Prance, not in
Germany; for tinder the burdens and imposi-
tions of this bill those countries, notwithstand-
ing the high price of raw materials, can make
alcohol much cheaper than we can. Germany
can, and probably will, furnish us all our alco-
hol if you pass these provisions in-to the law.
You are destroying an interest which rriight
be rendered profitable to the people of this
country and put millions of dollars into your
Treasury.
Why, Mr. Chairman, if we did not get one
dollar of tax out of the exportation of alcohol
it would be well to encourage it. When we
cannot export our corn or grain with profit on
account of its distance from the sea-board and
its great cost of transportation, you can distill it
into alcohol; and a package which would only
carry four bushels of grain in .b.ulk will ca*-ry
to market, put into alcohol, what would be
equivalent to twenty bushels of gram. Then
it goes into the markets of the world in foreign
countries and pays our debts, and pays lor
goods which we wish in exchange for it. But
by this bill you put such expensive restrictions
and burdens upon the export trade that you
cannot export one single gallon out of the
country under this law at a profit to the ex-
porter or manufacturer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, F wish' I
felt able this evening to talk nrore to iny own
satisfaction in regard to this matter. 1 shall
oppose the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] because it
relates to an extension of the drawback sys-
tem, and I think the whole drawback system
a mistake.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I said so, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know you did. There
is a question now distinctly made between the
provisions of this bill and the amendment
offered in several sections by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] and X confess,
without any feeling about the matter at all, I
prefer to stand by the bill. I believe it is a
more complete, well-digested system, and will
accomplish more good and give more safety
than that which is proposed in lieu of it. I
impeach no gentleman's purposes either upon
one side or upon the other, but I say this, that
in my opinion the outcry against a bonded
system of any kind, against the removal of
spirits at any time anywhere, has been carried
so far, occasioned as it was by the enormous
frauds committed, that gentlemen have run
into an infatuation almost, as it appears to me,
on this subject, and are not for reforming now,
but for utterly destroying a system to which I
think they will hereafter come back to a cer-
tain extent if they should now destroy it.
This drawback system is one that has been
as open to frauds as any other. I believe the
records and statistics of the custom-house, in
regard to all instances where drawbacks have
been allowed of taxes paid upon manufactures
and goods, will show that they have contrived
by false oaths and otherwise to draw back more
taxes than have ever been paid on those goods.
And it was rather a significant vote of the
Committee of the Whole a few moments ago
on the amendment to prevent paying out of the
Treasury more money for drawback than these
parties have paid into the Treasury for taxes.
Now, this has been sought to be limited by
keeping back five per cent, for the expenses
incidentto the system. That, however, has been
abandoned entirely by the proposition made
by the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr. Judd.]
Now, what is it that the bill proposes? So
far as the removal from distillery warehouses
without the prepayment of the tax is concerned
we have given up the removal of liquors which
are to be consumed or used in the United States.
As I said before, I think it not impossible that
at least the western interest will hereafter be
found calling for the restoration of the bonded-
warehouse system in some degree and in some
respects, for reasons which 1 have assigned.
But all that is given up by this bill. What is
sought to be saved by the carefully prepared
section in regard to removal at all? Why,
that there may be removal for actual trans-
portation, that there may be removal for redis-
tillation, to go back again into the distillery
warehouse, the redistillation to be in the dis-
!j triet,. This is so that alcohol may be sent
11 abroad ; and so in regard to other compounds,
