THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13^
documents, was referred-to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a letter from the Secretary
of War, communicating a report of the Quar-
termaster General of the Army, supplementary
to the" report oommnnicated on the Oth of
April, containing a list of cases of differences
of settlement of claims between the Quarter-
master General and the accounting officers of
the'Treasury ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, of the 21st of April,
communicating a letter of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in relation to ad-
ditional accommodations for the Patent Office ;
which was ref erred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of "the Interior, of the 17th of April,
in relation to the necessity of providing addi-
tional accommodations for the use of the
Patent Office ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
Report ot Special Indian Agent Alexander R.
Banks, containing a statement of the destitute
condition of various Indian tribes in Kansas ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretaiy ot'tlie Interior, communicating copies
of letters from Messrs. Stelluwer & Osborn,
relative to furnishing supplies to destitute
friendly Indians ; which was referred ta the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation to be made at an early day
for the purpose of subsisting friendly Indians ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, conimunicatingin-
formation relative to the destitution prevailing
among the Sioux Indians near DeviL's Lake,
Dakota Territory ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
CONSTITUTIONS OV hOUTU CAROLINA, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the constitution of the State of
South Carolina, and also the constitution of
the State of Florida, adopted by the constitu-
tional conventions recently held in those States
under the reconstruction laws; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Denver Board of Trade, Col-
orado Territory, praying for the right ol way
and a grant of lands to aid in the construction
of the Denver, South Park, and llio Gramme
Railroad and Telegraph Company, which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Denver,
South Park, and Ilio Grande Railroad and
Telegraph Company, praying for the right of
way and a grant of land to aid m the construc-
tion of their road ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Rocky
Mountain Railroad and Telegraph Company,
praying to be allowed the right of way through
the public landsand a donation of lauds to aid
in the construction of their railroad; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Ohio, in favor of further provisions
of law for the security of life in vessels and
steamboats navigating the lakes and rivers
within the jurisdiction of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a letter of the Governor
of Pennsylvania, communicating a copy of an
act of the Legislature of that State entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to ineorpo
rate the Soldiers' National Cemetery, approved
March 25, 1864," providing for ceding that
cemetery to the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of Mrs. Lmma
M. Moore, widow of Lieutenant John W. Cox,
of the United States Navy, and of th^e late
Senior Captain E. W. Moore, of the late lexas
navy, praying that her name may be restored
to the pension list; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Albert Wood-
eock, praying that pensions be granted to the
surviving soldiers in the war of 1812; which
was ordered to lie on the table.^
He also presented a memorial of Gotueib
Oesterle, praying payment of bounty, back
pay, and clothing, which he alleges to be due
him; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of Samuel F.
Crawford, praying to be granted a land war-,
rant for certain land in Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Alabama, praying the admission of Alabama
as a State into the Union; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Ohio, protesting against the actsof
Congress commonly called the reconstruction
acts, and against the passage of the bill requir-
ing the concurrence of two thirds of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States to
pronounce an act unconstitutional, and the bill
to take from the Supreme and other courts of
the United States jurisdiction in cases arising
under the reconstruction acts; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of W._ F. Duri-
soe, praying to be relieved of civil disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary-
He also presented a memorial of E. G
Piatt, remonstrating against the Pawnee school
fund being placed in the hands of the Method-
ist conference; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a petition of commis-
sioners to manage the Yosemite valley and the
Mariposa Big Tree Grove, protesting against
the action of the Legislature of California in
granting a certain portion of the Yosemite val-
ley to J. C. Lamon and J. M. Hutchins; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Me-
chanics' State Council of California, in favor
of the passage of the bill fixing eight hours as
a legal day's work; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Stewart Har-
rison, praying to be relieved of civil disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of a commit-
tee of the American Medical Association,
praying the enactment of a law which will se-
cure to the members of the medical and sur-
gical staif of the Navy an equal distribution
of prize money; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of W. O. Law,
praying to bo allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMHROY presented the petition of
citizens of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, praying that the Center market may be
removed from the present location to the space
between Tenth and Twelfth streets north of
the canal; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of Now
York, on the subject of inadequacy of the
post office building in the city of New York ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of mem-
bers af the bar at Salt Lake city, in the Terri-
tory of Utah, praying for the passage of an act
to- provide for holding a term of the United
States district court for that Territory in that
place; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary'. , ,
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route with daily service from
Portland, via Taylor's Ferry, Dayton, Amity,
Richereal, and Monmouth, to Gorvalhs; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. .. .
He also presented the memorial of Qumcy
A. Brooks, special agent of the Post Omee
Department) recommending the establishment
of a post route from Dallas to Grand Round, m
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Officos and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial ot
citizens of Chicago, praying for an appropria-
tion for the enlargement of the St. i-Jary's snip-
canal ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. . .
Mr. W1LLEY presented petitions of citizens
of Virginia, producers, dealers, and consumers
of articles required in tanning and dyemg,
praying that a small specific duty be imposed
on sumac imported irom foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on Bi*
nance. . .
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of A. L. Core, late collector of the second
internal revenue district of Virginia, praying
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may be authorized to settle with him on equit-
able principles ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. COIiBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Bois6 City, in the Territory of Idaho,
praying the passage of an act confirming the
entry heretofore made of the land which is the
site of that city, and otherwise confirmingtbe
title of individual owners of lots in that city;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of the State of
Ohio. I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution relative to requesting Congress to
take measures to prevent the lcs of life on the
■waters under the jurisdiction of the United States.
Whereas the frequent appalling disasters on our
lakes and rivers, by explosions and conflagrations,
whereby the loss of human life in its nuwt terrible
forms hasbccomc absolutely shocking : Therefore,
Resolved by the General Assembly, That our Sena-
tors in Congress be instructed, and our Representa-
tives requested, to make lurcher provisions by law,'
at as early a period as practicable, for the security
of lifo in vessels and steamboats navigating tbe hikes
and rivers within the jurisdiction of the United
States.
Resolved, That copies of the foregoing resolution
besentby the Governor to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
_ JOHN F. FOLLETT,
Speaker of the Ilouve of Mepresentat ive$t
Adopted April 25,1S6S.
T. J. GODFREY,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present another reso-
lution from the General Assembly of the State
of Ohio, and ask that it be read and lie on the
table. It is rather an extraordinary resolution,
but I feel it my duty to present it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution protesting against the reconstruc-
tion actM of Congress and against the passage of
certain bills now pending therein, and instructing
pur Senators and requesting our Representatives
in Congress to vote foi the repeal of the former and
against the passage of the latter.
Whereas the Congress nf the United States has
enacted la\ys and now considering measures which,
it enacted into law* are, in the opinion of this Gen-
eral Assembly, in direct conflict with the plainest
provisions ot the Constitution : Therefore,
Be it res.olved, 1. That this (fcneral Assembly doth
protest against the acts of Congress eomiuonlv called
the reconstruction acts, became the same are'subver-
sive ot the rights of the States, the liberty and pros-
perity of the people, and the constitutional powers
of the oxccutive and judicial department* of the
rcderai (lovemment, and our Senators in Congress
are hereby instructed, and our Representatives in.
