1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2t
ifyingmy resolutionbyaddingthe words,"speci- |
fying the amount held by each bank." i
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted. ]
kentucky member. j
Mr. ADAMS,, I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. My colleague, Mr. Jones, who was not
present yesterday when the other members from
Kentucky were sworn in, is now present. I
ask that he be now sworn in.
Mr. Thomas L. Jones then presented him-
self, and was duly qualified by taking the oath
prescribed by law.
house restaurant.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion, which I hope will be now considered, on
account of the emergency.of the case. I will,
if there be no objection, explain to the House
the reason for the resolution at this time. It
is in regard to the restaurant for this House,
kept by a colored man. Formerly the refresh-
ments in the room on the floor below this Hall
were sold by some person under the direction
or appointment of the Speaker, I believe. A
year ago, more or less, less I believe, a reso-
lution was passed directing that instead of the
privilege of this restaurant being let out in that
manner, at the discretion of the Speaker and-
under his supervision, it should be let to some
person who would contract to pay the highest
price for the privilege. It was put up, and
was bid off for $1,000 by a colored man of
the name of Penny, who is now keeping it.
He bid that amount under the impressian that
he would be permitted, as had been permitted
before, to sell liquors, spirits. That, however,
was prohibited by the action of the two Houses,
and it was found that keeping the restaurant
was a losing business; there being, I regret to
say, more demand for liquids than solids.
Mr. KELLEY. Having been.
Mr. SCHENCK. There having been more
demand for liquors, as suggested by a gentle-
man near me.
This man, therefore, came forward and
requested, through the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Appropriations, [Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, J to be released from his contract.
He was released, he supposing it to be only a
release from the payment of the thousand dol-
lars. Instead of that the resolution abolishes
the whole contract, and to-morrow the Clerk,
under the existing order of the House resolu-
tion adopted some months ago, is to let out the
contract again. In the mean time this man has
been at some expense in making his prepara-
tions for keeping the restaurant, and wishes to
go on with it.
So far as I am concerned I would prefer the
repeal of the resolution authorizing the letting
out of this restaurant to the highest bidder,
because I believe that the effect of this system
is to impose an additional charge upon those
who frequent the place to eat or drink; for the
keeper must make by his profits enough to pay
the rent. But in view of the possibility that
the original resolution may not be repealed,
unless it may be by amendment to the propo-
sition I now present, I offer the resolution
which I send to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Before the Clerk reads
this resolution the Chair will state to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that he was
mistaken in regard to one point affecting the
action of the Chair. The gentleman stated that !
prior to the letting out by order of the House j
the restaurant keepers were allowed to sell
spirituous liquors. During the four years that >
have elapsed since the present occupant of the
chair was first elected Speaker no spirituous
liquors or wines have been sold Or given away
at the restaurant within the knowledge of the
Chair. Such sale has been prohibited by him.
He did not, however, prohibit the sale of malt
liquors; that is, ale and beer. But a joint rule,
adopted at the last session by both branches of
Congress, prohibited the sale of malt as well
as spirituous liquors in the Capitol, which of
course effected a change in regard to the keep-
ing of' the restaurant. During the whole admin-
istration of the present occupant of the chair
nospirituousliquorsorwineshave been allowed
to be sold in the restaurant.
Mr. SCHENCK. I simply spoke from the
information which I had from the chairman of
the Committee of Appropriations, [Mr. Ste-
vens, of Pennsylvania.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In view of the late ex-
pression of sentiment in Massachusetts would
it not be well to modify the resolution in that
particular ?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
consideration of both branches of Congress.
The resolution offered by Mr. Schenck was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That James Penny, who contracted for-
merly to keep the restaurant under the House of
Representatives, and whose contract was afterward,
under a resolution of the House, surrendered by him,
be permitted to resume his said contract on tho same
terms upon which it was originally made with him,
except that he shall be required to pay only $200 for
the privilege, and shall be allowed to sell beer and
malt liquors.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the last clause of the resolution proposing to
allow the sale of beer and malt liquors would
not be in order even by unanimous consent,
being in conflict with a joint rule, which can be
rescinded only by the concurrence of both
Houses.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that this resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Rules,
simply expressing a request that the committee
will report' to-day, because the poor fellow who
keeps the restaurant will be sold out to-mor-
row morning unless some action be taken to-
day by the House.
The motion of Mr. Schenck was agreed to ;
and the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was referred. I submit this motion for the pur-
pose of suggesting to my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck], that I do not know that it would
be possible for the Committee on the Rules
to consider this subject to-day. I think the
question Tequires very thorough consideration,
and that the committee ought to report some
proposition which shall put this restaurant on
a very different footing from that on which it
has been carried on heretofore. I hope some-
thing will be done by which the difficulty to
which the gentleman from Ohio refers will be
obviated. The letting of the restaurant can be
postponed for a few days. I suppose we have
that power.
Mr. GARFIELD. We have frequently by
resolution authorized the suspension in such
cases. I make the motion that the Clerk be
directed to suspend the letting of the restau-
rant for several days.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, withdrew
the motion to reconsider.
protection of american citizens.
Mr. CULLOH, 'by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolutions;
which were read, ana referred to the Commit-
| tee on Foreign Affairs:
I Whereas the doctrine has been announced by high
authority in the British Government that that Gov-
ernment -has the exclusive authority to determine
the question of the validity of American citizenship,
! and that British subjects who remove to the United
States and become citizens thereof remain British
subjects still, owing their allegiance to the British
Crown; and whereas as the United States Govern-
: ment recognizes no gradation among American citi-
zens, all being entitled to the same rights of protec-
tion from the United States, whether native born or
naturalized: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled. That all American citi-
zens, native or naturalized, are entitled to and shall
receive the protection of the United States as such
citizens, and that no claim made or set up by any
foreign Government over naturalized American citi-
1 zens upon the ground- of the allegiance of such
citizens which may have existed priorto such persons
i becoming citizens of theUnited States shall be recog-
nized as destroying or weakening tho right of such
citizens to the protection of the United States.
Reiolved, That the United States Government will
at all hazards protect the rights of all persons, from
whatever land they may come, who become citizens
of the United States, whether at homo or abroad.
Resolved, That it is the duty of tho President tosco
to it that American citizens, native born or natural-
ized, who may be in other lands upon lawtul pursuits,
shall not be unlawfully deprived of tlieir liberties',
subjected to military service of the country in which
they may be sojourning, or otherwise deprived of any
rights belonging to them as such American citizens.
repeal QV cotton tax. .
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was House bill No. 207, to provide for
the exemption of cotton from internal tax, on
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Gbiswold] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
submit a few remarks on the question now
before the House, mainly because of the posi-
tion I occupied at the time the tax was imposed.
When the House considered and decided that
matter I differed with the members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans in regard to the
policy of imposing a tax upon cotton. It will
be remembered, sir, at that time cotton was
bringing in market from forty to fifty cents per
pound, and had brought that price for at
least a year prior to that time. It will be
remembered further that it had then the com-
mand of the English market; that American
cotton was consumed in England to an extent
of not less than eighty per cent, of the whole
consumption in Great Britain. It was regarded
at that time, under all these circumstances,
as an interest which Could well stand the impo-
sition of a tax of two and a half or three cents
per pound. I took the ground upon the floor,
differing from the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, and from what I consid-
ered the best authority, I claimed at a shil-
ling sterling the American cotton would con-
trol the market in England and be the cotton
of cheap consumption. Now, Mr. Speaker,
the condition of things has changed entirely.
Cotton, instead of being an exception to tho
products of'the soil which could stand taxation,
is really the one exception against imposition ;
that is to say, there is no product of the soil
which to-day will not bear a direct tax bettei
than the article of cotton. And now, sir,
instead of supplying eighty per cent, of tin
whole consumption in England, it has beec
reduced to forty per cent. According to the
able report of Mr. Wells, the special commis
sioner, it was reduced eight per cent, in 1SG4
It is evident at the present rate cotton canu<j-
be produced except at a loss, and consideri..^
that fact and the fact of the importance ot
that product to this country there can be no
difference in this House, [ think, as to the policy
of removing that tax. I beg to assure uiy col-
league [Mr. Brooks] that the motive at the
time was not to punish the South. Congress
was then engaged in searching out avenues by
which it could fill its Treasury. li.s I said before
at the price cotton then brought it could well
boar a tax of two and a half cents per pound.
I believe there was no member of the Thirty-
Eighth or Thirty-Ninth Congresses who was
animated at all by a desire co punish the South
in imposing that tax.
Now, Mr. Speaker, t/wt condition of things,
in my judgment, is reversed entirely. I agree
with the Committee of Ways and Means that
policy and justice d<^nand that this tax should
be removed. The only question seems to bo
as to the time of the application of this law.
I beg here to say that I would with pleasure
vote for the substitute offered by my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] if I could be convinced that tho
growers of cotton would get the benefit of the
redaction. But from the best judgment I have
been able to form I believe that not one third
of the cotton producers of the present year
would derive any advantage from the proposed
release of the tax. In that state of the case 1
am forced to vote for the proposition reported
by the chairman of the committee and against
the substitute offered by my colleague.
I make these remarks partly to justify my
own course heretofore in this matter, and to
place myself on record as in favor now of the
reduction of the tax, as I was in favor of im-
posing it when it was imposed. I yield the
