1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment of the rebel States, passed March 2,1867, and to
facilitate restoration," sliaii be decided by a majority
of the votes actually cast; and at the election in
which the question of the adoption or rejection of
any constitution is submitted any person duly regis-
tered may vote in theelection districtwhere he offers
to votewhen he has resided therein for tendays next
preceding such election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania will see that under his amendment a
person from another State might vote on a ten
days' residence. He does not mean that, I
apprehend.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would he
the construction of his amendment. It seems to
me we shall accomplish all that is desired if we
leave the amend ment as the committtee reported
it, striking out the-words in the twenty-eighth
and twenty-ninth lines, "upon presentation of
his certificate of registration." An objection
was made to the insertion of those words on
the ground that no certificates of registration
were given in some of the States, and there-
fore they could not be presented, and it would
be attended witii a great deal of embarrass-
ment and delay and difficulty to obtain new
certificates for every voter. The only differ-
ence between the proposition suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania and the amend-
ment which I suggest is this: his requires a
residence of ten days. Now, I submit to the
Senate, why should there be any residence of
ten days required in voting on a fundamental
law for the State? Why should not a party be
permitted to vote anywhere where he happened
to be on the day of election, where he resided
at that time? If you are to allow him to vote
away from the place where his fixed home has
been I see no propriety in requiring that he
should have been ten days in the place where
he offers to vote. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will not adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania in the form in which
he has presented it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not remember the
particular provision in the former law on the
subject of residence in the State ; whether one
year's residence in the State is necessary to a
registration or only necessary to an actual ex-
ercise of the right of suffrage. If the former
he the case there is no necessity certainly of
reinserting a provision with reference to one
year's residence or citizenship in the State,
because the amendment, as I propose to amend
it, would still require that the person shall be
registered before he shall vote, and by adding
the provision with reference to a residence in
the election district for ten days we shall have
both the requirements of residence, to wit, one
year in the State and ten days within the par-
ticular district.
I have not troubled the Senate with an argu-
ment in favor of the adoption of this amend-
ment. I am somewhat surprised that the
chairman of the committee suggests objec-
tions to it, appears reluctant to accept it, it
being a provision now contained in the consti-
tutions of many, if not most, of the northern
States. It is, at all events, contained in the
constitutions of Pennsylvania and New York,
and is a restriction which has been found to
be absolutely indispensable to preserve the
purity of elections. I offer the amendment
for no other reason than to secure the elections
that are to be held under this law from the
intrusion of fraud and unfairness. Of all the
provisions that are contained in the constitu-
tion and laws of Pennsylvania which secure
fairness and honesty in elections in our State I
think this requirement of a residence in the
election district for ten days is the most import-
ant and the most salutary. It enables every
one who chooses to inspect an election to
know who are the persons voting, and form an
intelligent judgment upon the question of their
right to vote. It enables challenges to be
made. It prevents attempts at colonization
from one point to another. In short, itlias
seemed to me, in reflecting on this subject,
that in our towns and cities in Pennsylvania
our elections would break down utterly, become
a scandal to the community, unless we had
some provision of this sort. We have difficul-
ties enough as it is in our cities, because
colonization will take place from one district
to auother, although we have this limitation.
Men will be carried into election districts and
kept there ten days to procure a colorable
residence for the purposes of the election ; but
as this is very expensive, as it costs enor-
mously to support voters for this period of ten
days, the amount of fraud and unfairness has
a limit; it is comparatively small.. In the
interior, in our towns throughout the entire
State, this ten days' provision as to residence
is almost a specific against fraud.
I have no other motive in offering this
amendment except to give the elections which
are to be held under the legislation of Con-
gress this indispensable guard against corrup-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not perceive any
particular necessity for this amendment; and
I think the evils which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania imagines will result from the passage
of this bill without his amendment are not to
be expected from the circumstances attending
the elections. I know it is very desirable, where
there are local officers to be electedin a State,
that there should be some term of residence
prescribed in the district in which those local
officers are to be elected; but it does not ne-
cessarily follow that where the-election relates
to an officer for the entire State, or where the
election concerns any question in which the
whole State is interested, this rule should be
applied. In the State in which I live a citi-
zen has a right to vote anywhere in the State
for a member of Congress, no matter where
he may be, although there is a regulation in
reference to the election of county officers re-
quiring that before a person can vote for a
county officer he shall have resided within the
county where he offers his vote for a certain
length of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have but one Rep-
resentative in Congress; so it makes no differ-
GflCG
Mr. WILLIAMS. We have but one Rep-
resentative in Congress, and for that reason it
was not supposed it was necessary to prescribe
any particular qualifications of residence to
enable a man to vote for a Representative ex-
cept that he should have resided within the
State for a certain time. Again, the people
of our State are to some extent a migratory
people; they are traveling from one part of
the State to another, and are not as much es-
tablished as perhaps they are in some of the
old Stales; and it was thought that it would be
much to their convenience to enable them to
vote anywhere in the State for a member of
Congress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator from Oregon what are the qualifi-
cations for a voter for the most numerous
branch of the Legislature in his State?
Mr. WILLIAMS. He is required to be a
citizen of the State for six months and to have
resided ninety days within the county where
he offers to vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will ask the
Senator if he is not mistaken in his supposi-
tion that a man may vote anywhere in the
State for a member of Congress, because the
Constitution of the United States makes the
qualification of a voter for a member of Con-
gress the qualification of a voter for the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Our State constitution
expressly provides that a man may vote any-
where in the State, wherever he may be, for
a member of Congress; and it is not necessary
that he should have resided in any particular
election district for any given time in order to
vote for a member of Congress, (hough lie
must have resided within the State for a cer-
tain length of time. Now, this bill provides
that a person, before he can vote within a cer-
tain State, must have resided within that State
for one year; so that there is no danger of any
colonization from one State into another under
it; and that is the evil which is to be antici-
pated, if there be any evil under this law. ^As
this is a question that concerns the adoption
of a constitution in which the people are all
equally interested, and as the population of
these States at this time is quite unsettled, it
seems to me there is no particular necessity
for the adoption of this amendment, and that
it will work great inconvenience and hardship.
No evil is to be prevented by it, and great harm
may be done. The very reason for modifying
the rule requiring the registered voters to vote
in the particular locality where they are regis-
tered is that many of the registered voters, par-
ticularly the colored people of the South, are
compelled, by their circumstances, to move
from place to place in order to find labor; and
they cannot, by reason of these circumstances,
vote in the locality where they are registered;
and they, therefore, ought to have an oppor-
tunity, on a question that relates to the whole
State, upon the adoption or rejection of a con-
stitution, to vote wherever they may be and
offer their vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
must be mistaken in regard to his own State,
for lie says that in order to qualify a man to vote
for the must popular branch of the State Legis-
lature he must have a legal residence, and I
do not see how the constitution of a State or
the law of a State can make a different qualifi-
cation for a voter for Congress for the reason
that the Constitution provides:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of tho several States, and the electors of each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Now, if to qualify a man to vole for a mem-
ber of the lower branch of the Legislature he
must reside a specified length of time in the
locality where lie proposes to vote, he must
have that same qualification to vote for a mem-
ber of Congress. But that is a question of no
importance here; and I do not care to dis-
cuss it.
The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania is proposed with a view to
secure the purity of the ballot-box. I think
experience has shown that a provision of that
sort is indispensable, and that to omit it will
result in frauds at the election, whether so
designed or not. The experience in almost
the entire North has demonstrated the import-
ance of a provision like this. In our com-
munity, where the population is somewhat
stable, where men do not remove from one
portion of the State to another in very large
numbers, to have honest elections in nearly all
the States of the North it has been found im-
portant to provide that a party proposing to
vote shall have resided for a specified length
of time in the election district where he pro-
poses to cxereise the privilege. Now, why
omit it here? The Senator from Oregon says
that this is a vote upon a question of interest
to the whole State; that it is not local. Sir,
that is not the consideration that governs this
question. When you come to vote for electors
for President, that is a question of interest, not
to a locality nor to a State, but to the whole
country; and yet a man must have his local
residence to be entitled to cast his vote, so that'
the persons receiving the vote may know some-
thing about him. To omit it is simply to give
an opportunity to commit fraud; it is to invite
it; and I think this is the last time that we
should propose such a thing when there are so
many charges of fraud in regard to the elec-
tions in the southern States as have come up
to us—charges of fraud on both sides. It is
! said that colored men have not been allowed
I to vote. Oil the other hand, it is charged that
they vote without right, without being regis-
tered, and vote at different places upon the
same question. Senators are not ignorant of
the fact that charges are thus made.
Why omit this provision? You say that
the colored people are migratory, passing from
one part of the State to another. Do you not
want a fair election ? Do you not want these
elections to be conducted honestly? If you
