THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
has often happened that the legislative depart-
ment has made changes in the manner of ad-
ministration of the executive department;
oftentimes imposing duties never imposed be-
fore ; oftentimes prescribing action in the most
direct and explicit terms. But where before
has legislation of this sort been found attended
with such pains and penalties as we find here?
Now, observe, Senators, that neither in the
punitive clauses of the second section of that
military appropriation act, nor m the sixth
section of that tenure of-office act, is the Presi-
dent of the United States so much as men-
tioned. Whoever drew these acts shrunk from
referring to the office by name. It is under
the general description of " person " or " civil
officer " that he is made liable to fine and im-
prisonment for failing to carry out the new
provisions of law. But there is no question
that it is the President, and the President, alone,
that is meant. The law was made for him ;
the punishment was made for him. He is left
110 choice, no chance of appeal to the courts,
no mode of testing the validity of the new law.
The rule is laid down for him and the conse-
quences of disobedience. The language in
effect is, this or the penitential y. Do our
bidding, or take the consequences of impeach-
ment. 1 undertake to say that, in the history
of legislation, nothing like this is anywhere to
be found.
And now, Senators, how do all these high-
sounding phrases, importing high crimes and
misdemeanors, found in these two acts of Con-
gress, compare with the actual character of
those acts called high crimes and misdemeanors
in the text of the Constitution? I do not
intend to argue this question upon precedent.
That work has been effectually done by the
learned Manager, Mr. Wilsox, and he has set
at rest forever the pretense that there is any
precedent that makes anything an impeachable
offense but those crimes and misdemeanors
punishable by indictment. But precedents
here are out of place. The language of tiie
Constitution is loo plain to be misunderstood.
The President is to be impeached only "on |
conviction of treason, bribery, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors."
In these pregnant words the whole matter is
settled. There is, first of all, an enumeration
of what crimes are in the contemplation of the
Constitution treason and bribery ; and they
are the highest of official crimes that can be
committed. If the Constitution had stopped
there no doubt could exist. Would anything
short of treason have sufficed for an article of
impeachment—anything even amounting to
misprision of treason, or even that modern
crime in English law, treason-felony? Could
any ease have been made against, the President
under an article alleging treason short of actual
levying of war or giving aid and comfort to the
enemies of the United States? Then, as to
bribery, would anything short of actual bribery
have sufficed? Would an attempt to bribe—
an act almost equal to bribery, yet just short
of it, ? Certainly not.
Besides these two enumerated crimes follows
that other phrase, "other high crimes and
misdemeanors." What sort of crimes and
misdemeanors? Why, such as arc assimilated
to those that are enumerated; not all crimes
and misdemeanors, but such as are of a similar
character with those enumerated, and which
are raised by express classification to high
grades known, recognized, and established.
They are crimes and misdemeanors, says Mr.
Burke, not of form, but of essence. You can-
not call that a high crime and misdemeanor
which ill the nature of things is not. There is
no room for cunning manufacture here. If a
legislative act should undertake.to declare that
the commonest assault and battery should be a
high crime and misdemeanor under the Con-
stitution, that would not change its essence or
make it the high offense which the Constitu-
tion requires.
I hope it may not be found out of place nor
unworthy of the occasion to call the attention
of the court to a case parallel, in my judg-
ment,, to this:
"First Watch. This man said, sir, that Don John,
the print's hrother, was a viltain.
"Dogberry. Writedown—Prince John,a villain;—
why, this is flat perjury, to call a prince's brother-
villain.
" Sexton. What heard you him say else ?
"Second Watch. Marry, that ho had received a
thousand ducats of Don John for accusing the lady
TIero wrongfully.
" Dogberry. Flat burglary as ever was committed.
" Verge*. Yea, by the mass, that it is."
Look through all the correlative provisions
of the Constitution on the subject, as to trial,
conviction, judgment,, and punishment, as to
pardons, and, last of all, to that provision that
"the trial of all crimes, except in cases of im-
peachment, shall be by jury," and that other
provision, that after conviction on impeach-
ment "the party convicted shall, nevertheless,
be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judg-
ment, and punishment, according to law." If
you are not yet satisfied, examine the proceed-
ings of the Convention that framed this arti-
cle, and see how studiously they rejected all
impeachment for misbehavior in otlice, and
how steadily they adhered to the requisition
that nothing but a high crime and misdemeanor
should suffice.
The honorable Managers have put the ease
of insanity. But, will you add to that awful
visitalion of Providence the impious judgment
of man, that the sufferer is guilty of a high
crime and misdemeanor? As to the President,
however, the ease of insanity is provided for,
not by removal, not by impeachment, but by
the temporary devolution of the office upon the
Vice President.
Senators, was there ever a more abortive
attempt to make a case for impeachment of
the President under the Constitution ? This
bantlingof impeachment, from the first, showed
few signs of vitality. There was never any
real life in it. 11 has been nursed by the Man-
agers with the greatest care, especially by that
honorable Manager \vhose business it was first
to bring it to the notice of the Senate. He
dandled the bantling in his anus with consum-
mate skill. lie pinched its poor wan cheeks
for some show of life, but, even then it was too
evident that it was in artieulo mortis. The
nurse was skillful, but the subject, with all its
care, was beyond his art. Long since this show
of vitality vanished, and now it lies, bereft of
life, a .shapeless mass which gives no sign,
scarcely a grim contortion, the counterfeit, re-
semblance of life under the galvanic touch of
high party excitement.
j There is one other point, Senators, to which
it is perhaps proper 1 should call attention. 1
understand it to be argued by the Managers
that the ad interim, authority given to General
Thomas was in violation of law, and that, aside
from any question growing out of the tenure-
of-office act, there was no law or authority to
justify that appointment. But is it possible,
even if such an error as that had been com-
mitted by the President, it would make him
liable to impeachment? In the course of the
administration of the affairs of this Govern-
ment in the great departments many things
are done almost every day for which it is im-
possible to find warrant of law. They are
done, however, in good faith, done sometimes
under a great necessity, and finally grow up
into usages apparently contrary to law, yet
which are even winked at by courts when !
brought to the test of a decision. But for my- ,
self, after the most thorough investigation of |
the state of the law as to ad interim appoint- j
ments, I am unable to see that there has been
any violation of law in this ad interim appoint-
ment, or rather in this attempt to make an ad
interim appointment. _ !
The Constitution contains only the following i
provision as to vacancies : !
" The President shall have power to fill up all va- !
cancies that may happen during the recess of the ;
Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire |
at the end of their next session." !
This is a very different thing from an ad j
■interim appointment. The case contemplated 1
by the Constitution is in no sense an acting or
ad interim authority. The appointment and
commission there required fill the vacancy
with a regular officer. But immediately after
the formation of the Constitution, in the ad-
ministration of the Government, emergencies
at once arose in the executive department
requiring instant action. Suddenly an unex-
pected vacancy in an office required at once a :
tocum tenons to carry on the business, before j
there was time to select a new officer, to know '
of his acceptance, or to induct him into office.
So, too, there being no vacancy, a temporary
disability might occur from sickness or neces-
sary absence, which also required some one to
act during the interim. It was to meet these
unforeseen contingencies, which were nowhere
provided for in the Constitution, that acts of
Congress were passed in the years 1792, 1795,
and 1803.
It is in the review of these various acts of
Congress that it is claimed on the part of the
Managers that there is no authority of law for
making a temporary appointment in case of an
office made vacant by removal, which was
claimed by the President to be the case as to
Mr. Stanton. They maintain that if the order
of the President did remove Mr. Stanton, if
by its own constitutional power it had that
effect, if it, was a lawful order, yet the Presi-
dent committed a violation of law in attempt-
ing to put an ad interim appointee there, just
because it was a vacancy caused by removal.
They claim that the act of 18G3 regulates the
whole matter, and inasmuch as that gives no
authority for an ad interim appointment to a
vacancy caused by removal, no such authority
is to be looked for in the other statutes.
A mere reference to the prior legislation will
show the fallacy of this nrgu ment. The act of
1792 provided for ad interim appointments
in these cases alone: vacancy occasioned by
death or by disability from absence or sick-
ness. it will be observed that this act made
no provision for an ad interim, appointment in
case of a vacancy by resignation, by expira-
tion of term, or by removal. Next came the
act of 1795, and this provides for an ad interim
appointment in case of any vacancy whatso-
ever. It extends, therefore, to all forms of
vacancy, whether by death, resignation, or ex-
piration of term of office; and wherever such
vacancy exists power is given to the President
to authorize any person to perform the official
duties until the vacancy is filled, but limits the
time for such temporary authority to the period
of six months. Next conies the act of 1803,
and this applies to temporary appointments in
only two cases of vacancy—those caused by
death and by resignation, omitting any provision
as to vacancies caused by expiration of term
or by removal. Like the act of 1795, it limits
the time of the temporary authority to six
months.
There is no express repeal in the act, of 1803
of any former act. It only purports to repeal
such acts and parts of acts as are inconsistent
with it. Now, comparing the act of 1795 with
the act of 18G3, I am unable to see any incon-
sistency between the two acts. It is true that,
as to vacancies occasioned by death or resig-
nation, both acts equally apply ; and the most
that can be said of the last is that it is cumu-
lative. But as to vacancies occasioned by ex-
piration of term and by removal from office,
'inasmuch as there is no provision whatever in
the act of 1803 as to those vacancies, they re-
main as fixed by theact of 1795. For certainly,
as to those vacancies so provided for by the act
of 1795, there is no inconsistency between that
and the act of 1803, which is without any pro-
vision whatever on those subjects-matter. There
is, therefore, not even a pretense here of repeal
; by implication.
i Very much, however, is said as to those ad
1 interim appointments made during the session
| of the Senate, as if that were a circumstance
j of any weight or consequence whatever with
regard to an ad interim appointment. It will
be seen that not one of these laws distin-
