2438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mayl-%
moneys, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
joint select Committee on Retrenchment;
which was agreed to,
CODIFICATION OF TIIE LAWS.
. Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commitee,
reported the following resolution:
. Rwjlved, That the commissioners appointed under
the act of June 27,1866, "to provide for the revision
and consolidation of the statute laws of the United
States," be requested to report to the Senate what
progress has been made by them and how much time
will bo required to completo the work.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that resolution from a
committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. From the Judiciary
Committee, asking the revisers to report to the
Senate. 1 think we ought to have some inform-
ation on the subject.
Mr. SUMNEK. I think so.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORT ON MINING.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer a resolution, which
I desire to have referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the same number of copies of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing the
report of James W. Taylor upon gold and silver mines
and mining east of the Rocky mountains, be printed
for the use of tho Senato as are ordered of the report
of J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources of the
Pacific States and Territories; and that said reports
be bound together.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say a word in
regard to that resolution. There has been no
resolution yet presented in the Senate, that I
lenow of, for the printing of J. Ross Browne's
report. Indeed, the report has never been
sent in to this body by the Secretary of the
Treasury. That officer does not appear to re-
gard this body as of sufficient consequence to
receive the report. I am in hopes that we shall
get it at some time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask the
Senator from California how it comes to be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
present that report to the Senate.
Sr. CONNESS. The law provides that the
report shall be made under his direction ; and
if it is to be printed by theSenate it cannot be
taken cognizance of by the Senate unless sent
here officially.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
that he was responsible for it'at all.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
need not be in such haste to defend his Secre-
tary. If my purpose was to attack that hon-
orable functionary I should do it on more
salient points than the failure to send in a re-
port. That was not my purpose this morning :
but it was simply to state a fact. I hope the
resolution will go to the Committee on Mines
and Mining, where the report itself will go when
it shall be sent in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was under the impression
that the report had been received here. It has
certainly been received in one of the Houses;
I suppose the House of Representatives.
Mr. CONNESS. There are two Houses. I
move that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course I have no objec-
tion to that if the paper is not here.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very desirable, I
think, that both reports should be published;
and if the one made by Mr. Browne has not
been sent to us, I think it would be better to
pass a resolution calling on the Secretary of the
Treasury to transmitit. As the law now stands
I do not think he is under any obligation to
send it to us ; and if he is not under any obli-
gation to send it, of course he is not liable to
censure for not having done so. But it ought
to be before us, and I submit to my friend from
California that he had better offer a resolution
calling upon the Secretary to send the paper.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 do not offer that resolu-
tion. I agree with the honorable Senator that
the Secretary of the Treasury does not feel
obliged to send that report here. I have a
recollection of a somewhat memorable occasion
in which he denounced this body as a body, of
Constitution-tinkers. Nevertheless, I hope to
get the report in some way or other, when I
will take steps to have it printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from California that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
Mr. RAMSEY. There seems to be no pro-
priety in that, as it lias reference entirely to
printing; but if the report is not here, the res-
olutions may lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will offer a resolution,
if the Senate will indulge me, calling on the
Secretary of the Treasury to send^ the paper to
us. The Clerk can put it in writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that. It has
already been sent to the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Mines and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. AVILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 135) to restore Alabama,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Louisiana, and Florida to representation in
Congress; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 134) authorizing a change of
mail service between Fort Abercrombie and
Helena; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 478)
to amend an act entitled " An act for the re-
moval of tho Sissiton, Warpeton, Medawakan-
ton, and Warpekuta bands of Sioux or Dakota
Indians, and for the disposition of their lands
in Minnesota and Dakota," approved March
3, 1863 ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
-179) to authorize the establishment of ocean
mail service by American steamships between
the United States and the north and south of
Europe, and between tho United States and
the Mediterranean ports of Asia and Africa;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
480) to provide for the change of name or lo-
cation of national banking associations ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
representation of arkansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the SenaC
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1039, to admit the State of Arkansas to repre-
sentation in Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the consent of the
Senator from Ohio, and the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, to allow me to have taken
up a bill supplementary to an act entitled " An
act to establish the office of register of deeds
for the District of Columbia," and I will state
the reason why I make this request. There is
no officer in existence who can perform the
duties of that office, the incumbent having
died, and the law not providing for any sub-
stitute in any way. The bill provides for- a
temporary appointment until a permanent ap-
pointment can be made. I make this state-
ment because I do not wish to take the personal
responsibility of the confusion that may arise
in that office on account of there being no per-
son legally qualified to perform its duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
register has been dead about six months, and
that there really is but very little -difference
whether the deeds are recorded now or a few
days hence ; while I regard the passage of the
bill which has been taken up on my motion as
indispensable to the safety and peace and order
of society in Arkansas, which now is in a pecu-
liar state, with a Legislature in session without
authority. I think we ought not to delay for
a moment action upon this bill. I therefore
would not be willing to consent that it should be
laid aside. I hope it will pass with very little
debate, and without opposition. The people
of Arkansas have complied with every condi-
tion required of them, and they are entitled,,
according to the terms of existing law, to
admission.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The bill mentioned by the
Senator from Iowa can be proceeded with only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 1039) to admit, the State of Arkansas
to representation in Congress is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and will
be read.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that the people of Arkansas, in pursuance of
the provisions of an act entitled " An act for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1807, and the acts sup-
plementary thereto, have framed and adopted a
constitution of State government which is re-
publican in form, and that the Legislature of
the State has duly ratified the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen. The bill therefore proceeds
to enact that the State of Arkansas is entitled
and admitted to representation in Congress as
one of the States of the Union upon the fund-
amental condition that the constitution of Ark-
ansas- shall never be so amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of
the United States of the right to vote who are
entitled to vote by the constitution herein rec-
ognized, except as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire
merely to make an inquiry. I see that this bill
states several facts, such as the ratification of
the constitutional amendment by the Legisla-
ture and the adoption of a republican consti-
tution. I suppose it is so ; I think I have
understood from the papers that such is the
fact. It is very gratifying to me that it is so,
and I shall be very glad not only to see Arkan-
sas, but all the other States that were recently
in rebellion, represented in this body at the
earliest practicable moment consistent with the
safety of the country. I do not know that I
have a/iy sort of objection to this bill. I sup-
pose/hat I am for it. I, however, have not
looked at the bill; but it is a very important
measure, and I rose merely to inquire whether
e Committee on Finance, of which the Sena-
or from Ohio is chairman, has examined this
bill. 1 was not aware that that committee had
had the matter under consideration ; and if
not, what committee does it come from, and
whether it has been examined at all, or whether
the Senator from Ohio proposes oil the state-
ment of an individual Senator to pass a bill of
this kind. I have no doubt if that Senator
makes any statement it will be entirely correct;
but I desire to know if he proposes to establish
in this body as the proper mode of proceeding
that so important a measure as the recognition
of a State government in one of the rebel States
that we have been disturbed about for several
years should be passed by this body without
a reference to any committee or any examina-
tion as to the facts. I should myself be entirely
satisfied with any statement the Senator from
Ohio made ; but I submit to him whether the
practice is one that had better be adopted in
the Senate of passing so important a bill as this
without a reference to any committee. He
knows as well as any member of the Senate
how disagreeable it is for any one to object to
