3460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
then it will not go abroad, if there is any profit
in keeping it here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to sny a word on one feature of the amend-
ment presented by the gentleman from Illi-
nois. There are manifestly two evils to be
avoided if possible in regulating the tax on
distilled spirits. The Committee of Ways and
Means desire to avoid if possible the evil of
having whisky escape the tax fraudulently
■while in bond, and they have done away with,
as I understand, the system of transporting in
bond, except iu two cases, one when it is
entered in a bonded warehouse for exporta-
tion, and the other for redistillation or for
manufacture into cosmetics, cordials, &e. I
understand it is now the purpose of the com-
mittee to cut oft'the second of these, and thus
allow transportation in bond for the purpose
of exportation alone. Now, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logax] proposes an amend-
ment to avoid the danger of transporting in
bond, and in his amendment he introduces a
system which I regard as far more dangerous
than the transportation in bond permitted in
the bill. He proposes to apply to exported
spirits the drawback system, which never be-
fore has been put into a whisky bill.
In order to illustrate the danger attending
the drawback system, should it be applied to
spirits, 1 will state a case recently brought to
my attention. A ship bound for a foreign
port was lying at the wharf not far from a
bonded warehouse containing a large quantity
of proof-spirits entered ill bond for export.
Barrels of spirits are taken out and rolled on
the deck of the ship. It takes several days to
load them. During the night tliey are dropped
off on to a scow, run ashore to be sold as free
whisky, and their places supplied by barrels of
water. Now, if the drawback system were in
operation these same barrels of spirits might
be put back into the bonded warehouse, and
the next day rolled out again and put on board
ship. In that way the same spirits might be
used half a dozen times in making up one cargo,
and every time the Government would pay the
money out of the Treasury as a drawback.
Now, it is bad enough that the Government
should be defrauded out of the tax itself, but
it is far worse for us to pay the money out as a
drawback when there never has been any tax
paid, and especially to pay it over and over
again. One danger is that by fraud we may
fail to get money into the Treasury ; the other
is that we shall take money out of the Treas-
ury to pay rascals for the frauds they commit.
I prefer the least of necessary evils.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODH. I desire to state a fact to
show how shipping in bond gives an opportu-
nity to parties to perpetrate frauds on the
Government. My attention was called to a
case by a gentleman connected with the cus-
toms for many years, Mr. Guthrie, who invest-
igated several cases where shipments were
made. In one instance a shipment was made
to Melbourne, Australia, of forty thousand
gallons of whisky on which the parties had
secured a drawback at New York. On send-
ing over and examining it he found it was
made up of fourteen per cent, of spirits, and
the balance of what is called " truck.'' When
it got to Australia they would not pay the duty
on it. Now, we should adopt the policy which
is best calculated to stop these frauds, whether
by shipping in bond or under the drawback
system.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment, and it is withdrawn.
Mr. BUTLEIt. I renew the amendment.
I want to say a few words here in order to be
set right by somebody or to set somebody right,
as the case may be. Now, I aver that there
has not been anything like a drawback on dis-
tilled spirits as such for five years, and there-
fore all the stories about the immense sums the
Government has been swindled out of by draw-
backs on whisky are myths.
Mr. SCHENCK. There never lias been
anv drawback on whisky.
Mr. BUTLER. Never has been any draw-
back at all; so says the gentleman from Ohio.
I have, then, got some good by speaking, for I
thereby find out, on running back through
these tax bills, it turns out that there never
was any drawback. So my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Uovodh] has been misled.
Mr. COVODE. I did not say drawback,
but bond.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did not say any such
thing.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not said you did.
But gentlemen here have said that millions
upon millions are made out of drawbacks.
Now, gentlemen, I am going to talk a few min-
utes, if you will keep quiet.
Now, I agree that the drawback system may
have its disadvantages ; because when you pro-
vide for such a system whisky that has not paid
the tax may be exported and the drawback
received, and you depend only upon the hon-
esty of the consular or other officer abroad to
establish what has been exported. Water may
he exported, and when it gets abroad and the
consular officers certifies that so many bar-
rels of whisky have been received the water
receives the drawback from the Government.
There is, therefore, a great chance for fraud.
It would be for the benefit of our rum dis-
tillers at the East to have the drawback system
adopted, if it were honestly administered ; and
it would he quite as much for our benefit, pro-
vided it was dishonestly administered—yes, a
little more; because we always do a thing,
when we intend to do it, with a great deal of
energy and success. Now, what I desire is
simply to save the export trade in some form.
When we come to the lifty-second section, and
settle the question as to what shall be exported,
I propose to ask the committ.ce to adopt, instead
of distilled spirits, alcohol and rum, so that
nothing but alcohol and rum can be exported
ortransportcd in bond. Whenever any unpaid
whisky is found on board the cars for trans-
portation there will he no excuse that it is to
be exported. This provision will diminish the
chance of whisky being transported as alcohol.
Now, rum is pretty much all made on the
sea-board, because it is made from molasses,
and is the distinctive name of the distillation
of saccharine mattercomingfrom the cane, and
being made almost entirely on the sea-board
there is hut very little transportation during
which it can be stolen in getting it on board ship ;
so thatyon will have another guarantee. And as
almost the entire export trade is in alcohol and
rum, I think all this difficulty may bo relieved
by the simple amendment of putting " alcohol
and rum" instead of "distilled spirits," and
we can meet exactly what my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logax] desires—for his desire and
mine is the same I am certain in this matter—
and meet what the committee desire, and save
as many chances of fraud as under any other
provision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCIIENCK. I think, following up the
idea of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bimim,] that this will bo better under-
stood if gentlemen, instead of taking declara-
tions broadly made of what the bill proposes
to do and what it does do, will just look for-
ward a few lines and see what is in the bill
itself. Now, the forty-ninth section which wo
are now considering 1 think ought to be stricken
out entirely, not because it is not needed, but
because it is just a transfer from the general
bill we have prepared, and is the same now in
the law, and if we take it out of this bill it
remains as a general section in the law unre-
pealed and unaffected by this legislation. But
the next section, section fifty, is an answer to
a great deal that has been said here. Let me
1 read it, for it is short:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby authorized to establish and designate at any
port of entry in the United States bonded warehouses
for tho storage of distilled spirits-
Well, suppose you make it "alcohol and
rum;'—
in bond; intended for exportation. Suitable build-
TO3S shall be selected for such warehouses, which
shall not bo of less capacity than sufficient to store
five thousand barrels of distilled spirits—
Or "alcohol and rum"—
and shall have no opening into or connecting them
with any other building, nor be within six liundied
feet of any distillery or rectifying establishment, and
shall be known as export bonded warehouses, and
used exclusively for the storage of distilled spirits in
bond— .
Now, see what comes next—what is said not
to be in the bill—
and no distilled spirits shall bo withdrawn or re-
moved from such warehouses except on an order or
permit from tho collector m charge of exports for
immediate transfer to the vessel by which they are
to be expoited to a foreign country, as hcreinatter
provided.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman allow me
a word?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman would not
let me interrupt him to sethiin right; however,
I will yield to him.
Mr. JUDD. If the gentleman intends^ to
apply liis remark to me, and convey the im-
pression that I stated that provision was not in
the bill, he misunderstood me. I simply stated
that from the place of manufacture, the distill-
ery, every gallon could go to the export bonded
warehouse.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is if the distiller is
willing either to actually take it abroad or
let it be forfeited. I do not suppose any fool
is going to take his whisky and throw it away.
Then gentlemen say that, it can be all taken
there and then smuggled out in some way.
Ilow ? It is to be carried on board the vessel
under legulatious hereinafter provided. If
gentlemen will go forward to sections fifty-one,
fifty two, and fifty-three, they will find what
guards and restrictions are thrown around this
matter, so that no human ingenuity, it would
seem, would be sufficient to get this liquor
away in any other manner. And when you
come to add to that the stamp system, by
which, if a barrel puts its nose outside the
warehouse without having the cross and ear-
marks it is subject to be seized, yon have
additional guarantees you never had before.
The truth is the difficulty heretofore has been,
principally, the removal from bonded ware-
houses for purposes of rectification. This bill
closes down upon all that. There is not a scin-
tilla, not a particle of this bill, not a word in
the bill which, in the slightest degree, author-
izes the removal of a gallon of distilled spirits
from a bonded warehouse for purposes of rec-
tification. If a man wants to follow the busi-
ness of rectifying he must buy the tax-paid
whisky iu the maiket.
Now, submitting the question whether we
shall stand by the bill, subject to the sugges-
tion made by the gentleman l'rom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] to remove an apparent diffi-
cult)' or sweep it out of the way and go into a
system of drawbacks hitherto untiied in this
country so far as whisky is concerned, but tried
in regard to other matters so far as to find all
manner of frauds in it, I am willing that the
vote shall be taken. And as we have discussed
this question fully, I propose to stop ail debate
on this whisky matter down to the special taxes
provided for in scction sixty-five.
_ Mia O'NEILL. Before th e gentleman takes
his seat I would like to ask him. for the purpose
of information, how these sections of the bill
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
will affect the act of January, 1868, ''to pre-
vent frauds in the collection of the tax on
distilled spirits?"
Mr. SCHENCK. By repealing it so far as it
is inconsistent with the provisions of this bill
should it become a law.
Mr. O'NEILL. That act was passed to
prevent frauds. This section, I undeistand,
sets forth the manner in which this withdrawal
from export warehouses can be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. That act was passed to
shut down on frauds which have been com-
mitted and which will continue to be committed
