28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kei.i.ey.]
Mr. KELLEi. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the
brief remnant of the gentleman's time, that I
may say to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Ela,J who begged us not to remove
this tax until we put first a specific one on
something else to give us the amount it yields,
that I learn from the President's message that
we raised by excessive taxation in the fiscal
year 1866-67 $144,000,000 more than was
necessary to pay the current expenses and the
interest on our debt; and that the repeal will
be in so far a mitigation of a great evil, that
of unduly taxing the industry of the country
while we are prostrated by the effects of the
war.
I Want again to congratulate the country
upon the announcement made by my distin-
guished friend from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that he is ready not only to repeal
this tax, but that he believes the interest alike
of the Government and of the people demands
the removal of all direct taxes on the produc-
tions of our industry sane spirituous and malt
liquors and the production of tobacco. When
we go that far we shall have taken a great step
in promoting the interests of the country, agri-
cultural and commercial as well as manufac-
turing. Sir, we are becoming a cotton import-
ing country, and we shall become much more
so if we do not repeal this tax. One of the
most intelligent manufacturers of Philadelphia,
who has just returned from Europe, writes me
as follows:
" In tho great Exposition at Paris were s*mples
from seventy-two different localities, four from the
United States. Oar sea island was, of course, the
finest and longest in the collected world of cotton,
but between our sea island staple there were from
other countries twenty sample* superior to New
Orleans middling.
"They have planted the seed of ourseaisland long
staple in India, Egypt, Asia Minor, Algeria, Italy,
Africa, and many other countries, and are getting a
grade of cotton which surpasses our middling Or-
leans.
"Growing cotton in these countries has now got
fully established as the best thing those people ever
have, or probably ever can do, and they will con-
tinue to grow cotton superior to most of ours, no
matter what the price. Tho South has lost, by her
treason, the best thing she had—the control of the
cotton market, and I fear she will never get it back
until our price is down to five cents for a year or two,
and our people must prepare to grow it for that or
to manufacture all they cannot sail N orth, for Europe
can get along without our cotton, I am sorry to say."
This statement relates only to the increased
improvement in the fiber of foreign cotton.
The inventive genius of Great Britain and the
Continent has also been busy in working the
overthrow of our monopoly. Improved ma-
chinerynow spins and weaves the shortestfiber
of Surat, and instead of requiring three pounds
of American cotton to one of Indian the pro-
portion is said to have been reversed so accu-
rately that one pound of American suffices to
mix with three of Indian.
In this new condition of things we have, as
I have said, become large importers of cotton
grown in other lands. We furnish but one
third of the supply for trans-Atlantic looms and
spindles, and import from six to tea million
pounds of foreign cotton, embodied in foreign
fabrics for the wear of our cotton-growing and
other citizens. Nor are our own spindles and
looms strangers to the foreign fiber. During
the last four years our imports of foreign raw
cotton have been as follows:
Pound*. Value.
1863   3,374,846 S674.31J
186 4 2(3,475,957 8,668,917
186 5  3,024,282 1,816,608
J8bb    6,276,887 1,323,178
The removal of this tax may be a boon to
the people of the South, but I do not advo-
cate it as such. The interests of the people
of the whole country demand its removal, and
I regret that there are what seem to the com-
mittee insuperable objections to its immedi-
ate repeal. Those objections are entitled to
grave consideration, and yielding my personal
wishes I will vote for the bill as reported.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trespass upon the time of the House, nor would
I delay the passage of so righteous a la# rb
that which the House has now under consider-
ation, except that the southern cotton-grow-
ing States have no Representatives here, and
except for the fact that I happen to know from
personal observation a great deal of the prac-
tical working of cotton-growing in the States
of Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
.The question that is now before the House,
the real question, is, whether or not the tax
, shall be repealed as applied to the crop of
■ 1867. That I say is the real question before
\ us, because the indications which have been
given by the members of this House show
plainly that this tax is to be repealed. Now,
so far as I can judge from the views expressed
by members of the House, the only objection
\ which exists to the repeal of the tax for 1867
| is that the speculators might be benefited by
' the repeal, while the producers, who are now
suffering so much, would not be benefited by it.
Now, Mr, Speaker, the real fact is that only
about one fifth of the cotton crop has yet gone
into the market; certainly not more than one
fifth has yet passed frota the hands of the pro-
ducers. I speak from the information which I
have derived from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. In September $305,000 were col-
lected on the crop of 1867j and $985,000 in the
month of October; in the month of November
last year the taxes paid amounted to $8,000,000
—I am now speaking in round numbers—so
that if during this November there has been paid
into the Treasury of the United States an
amountequal to that which was paid in Novem-
ber, 1867, one fifth of the crop has not yet
passed from the hands of the producers.
Now, sir, I would advocate the passage of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. BltooKS,] except that I think
it would give rise to great complications in
requiring the Government to refund to the
producers who have already sold their cotton
the amount which they have paid; but if we
pass an amendment, which I understand will
be offered to this bill, providing that the raw
material in the hands of the producer shall be
exempt from taxation, then, sir, I think we
will do a service not only to the people of the
South, but to the country at large.
Mr. LOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
if the raw material in the hands of the producers
is not now exempt until sale or shipment.
Mr. ARCHER. It would not be under the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, if I understand it. This bill, I think,
exempts the crop of 1868, but not the crop of
1867.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not, however, under the
instructions of the j-evenue department, tax-
able in the hands of the producer in its own
district except on shipment or sale.
Mr. ARCHER, lhat is the way I under-
stand it.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the rule of the rev-
enue department.
Mr. ARCHER. With regard to the class
of people who would be benefited by the
removal of this tax, let me say that its removal
would benefit the very poorest class tif the peo-
ple of the South. And why? Because, sir, the
people who own the gins in the southern coun-
try are the large planters. They first gin their
own crop, and after the ginning of their crop
then their gins are at the disposal, either for
hire or otherwise, of their poorer neighbors,
and the very class of people who now in the
southern country hold the crop is the poorer
class of the people. I repeat that almost all
the crop, or at least four fifths of the crop of
cotton in the southern States, is now held by the
producers, and the figures from the internal
revenue department show that fact. In Octo-
ber, 1866, the amount of .internal revenue paid
on cotton was $1,871,000; in October, 1867,
it was $985,000, showing that the producers
hold $1,000,000 more of the cotton of 1867
than they held of the cotton of 18(56. They
have held it back in the belief that a law of this
character would be passed, and that they would
be saved from almost utter ruin. The figures
show that the amount of tax paid on cotton in
1866 was §23.769,000, and not more than
$4,000,000 have come in this year.
The great object to be accomplished by the
repeal of this tax is to relieve the producers
who now hold the raw cotton from the pay-
ment of this $20,000,000. Sir, the assist-
ance that would be given to them by the
remission of that amount of tax would en-
able them to go on and raise the cotton crop
of 1868. Without this relief almost utter
ruin and desolation will spread over the whole
southern country. I would appeal to the
members of this House in behalf of the poorer
classes of the South, and in that appeal I
include not only the white population, but the
freedmen also. They, sir, are now raising
cotton in the South, in many instances on
shares, and they can barely eke out'a subsist-
ence, and I do most earnestly hope that this
just measure will be passed with an amend-
ment to repeal the tax for 1867 upon the raw
material in the hands of the producer.
[Here the hammer Fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. It has long been an
accepted axiom in political economy that
imposts are always and necessarily paid by
the consumer and not by the producer. If I
bolieved in that doctrine I should not only
oppose remitting the present tax on cotton,
but I would be in favor of increasing it to five
or ten cents per pound, and giving the Ameri-
can the advantage over the foreign manufac-
turer ef a drawback. But I do not believe in
the doctrine; it is not true.
This tax is paid in the first instance by the
producer, and it depends altogether upon cir-
cumstances whether any of the burden falls
upon the consumer. This is one of the in-
stances where the impost is not to be paid by
the consumer. The price of cotton is regulated
by the price it commands in the Liverpool
market, which will not be affected the fraction
of a farthing per pound whether we repeal this
tax or not, except as its continuance or remis-
sion might have a tendency to increase or
diminish the aggregate of its production.
The tax is paid by and falls upon the actual
laborer; he who follows the plow, handles the
hoe, and picks the Staple from the boll. It
falls very largely upon the colored laborer and
upon the poor white man; as expressed by the
Legislature of Tennessee recently, "upon
employes and small producers."
When this tax was imposed there was an
artificial or rather an unnatural state of affairs
in the cotton market that made it right to
impose the tax. The price of cotton at that
time bore no sort of proportion to the expense
of producing it, and besides, inside the Federal
lines that was obviously the only thing you
could tax. That condition of things has passed
away, and comparing the present price of cot-
ton with the tax imposed it now amounts to
about twenty per cent, of the gross product and
not of the net product. Ana that is a burden
that labor and industry nowhere can sustain.
Aside from personal inconvenience and
affording present relief I do not believe that
remitting this tax would ultimately benefit tho
southern portion of the country particularly.
The effect of it would be to limit the produc-
tion of cotton to the best and most valuable
cotton lands, compellingthe people of the South
to vary their agricultural labor, and to devote
their lands to the production of grain and other
products of the soil, including, if my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] will allow
me to 3ay so, wool, which can be produced of
perhaps finer qualities in that portion of the
country than in any other. So that ultimately
I believe the pecuniary condition of the South
would be far improved from what it was at any
former period. But for the advantage of the
entire country it is important that the cotton-
producing region should be encouraged in the
production of cotton, otherwise that region not
only ceases to be a market for the West and the
North, but it becomes a Very formidable rival.
As to the question whether this tax shall be
removed from the crop of 1867 or whether it
