1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
do, give us some guarantees, the ordinary guar-
antees, this plain guarantee that the experience
of every northern State has demonstrated to be
indispensable, that a man shall be known where
lie votes; a brief residence ; ten days, perhaps,
is the most brief you eati find in the laws of any
northern State. In most of the States it is from
thirty days to a longerperiod. Nowyou propose
to say that the vote may be received anywhere,
whether the party is a resident there or not.
For what purpose? Iam not going to char-
acterize any purpose here, but it invites the
inquiry. If, in our northern States, where the
population is somewhat stable, good govern-
ment has proven to the people that a residence
should be required to secure an honest elec-
tion, why not have it in these States where the
charges of fraud are coming to us from every
quarter? These elections are held under such
circumstances, in my judgment, as that you
ought to secure the confidence of the country
intfiem so far possible. They are questioned
to start with. They are not satisfactory. They
are held by officers not appointed by the peo-
ple, under regulations not adopted by the peo-
ple. Then, sir, in an election so extraordinary
in its character, do you propose to break down
all the barriers which have been found neces-
sary to secure honesty and a pure ballot-box?
Mr. DAVIS. I think the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania should be adopted.
The bill does not require a legal residence al
all to enable a man to vote. If he has resided
twelve months in a State, as I understand, he
has the privilege to vote anywhei-e. Then it is
not necessary that he should have a residence
in the county or district where he proposes to
vote, but that he should simply be present
there. If this election was to continue but one
day, the proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania might not be so important; but we
have seen that the recent elections in the South
have continued through as many as live days.
hat facilities does that offer under this bill
to emigrate? A man may vote at one point
to-day; he may go to another point to-morrow
and vote there, and so on through the live days;
or he may vote at three or four places each
day. It is to prevent the practicability of such
repeated frauds as that, that I understand this
amendment has been offered. Certainly no
man ought to vote more than once. Any reg-
ulation that would give him the opportunity
and the temptation to vote more than once
ought to be reformed if possible. If it is pos-
sible to make a regulation that would prevent
him from voting more than once that regula-
tion ought to be made by Congress; and it
seems to me the proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania would certainly promote a
single and a lair vote instead of allowing an
opportunity and an incentive to vote fre-
quently.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this measure
is proposed for the purpose of correcting a
great evil, or, in other words, to give an op-
portunity to men to vote who have been forced
by their necessities to change their place of
residence. On the 1st of January probably
thousands and tens of thousands of men were
forced to change their place of residence in
order to obtain employment. In but two of
the States, 1 understand, did those who were
registered receive certificates of registration.
This measure is brought forward in order to
give these men an opportunity to vote. I think
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania is just. We do not want to
encourage fraud—to encourage men to move
from one place to another to effect certain
results'—but we want to give men an opportu-
nity to vote failly and honestly. When regis-
tered electors have changed their place of
residence ten days previous to an election into
another county or another election district
they will have an ■opportunity to vote accord-
ing to this amendment. I think it will t«nd
to prevent the carrying of men from one
locality to another to affect an immediate
result. _ What we want down there is an hon-
est, fair, square vote. It seems to me the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is a fair proposition, and we ought to
accept it; that its tendency will be to prevent
fraudulent action in certain cases.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to suggest a
modification of my own amendment. In the
twenty-sixth line, after the word "registered,"
I propose to insert the words " in the State."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
modification of the Senator's amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir; that will meet
the point made by the Senator from Illinois.
My amendment, as it previously read, would
not exclude a man registered in another State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to satisfy the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that I am not
mistaken about the constitution of the State
in which I live, and I will therefore read the
clause to which I referred. Our constitution
requires that every elector shall be a white
male citizcn of the United States of the age
of twenty-one years and upward, who shall
have resided in the State during six months
immediately preceding such election, and then
provides:
"All qualified cleetors shall vote in the election
precinct in the county where they may reside, for
county officers: and in any county in the Stale for
Stato officers; or in any county of a congressional
district in which such electors may reside for mem-
bers of Congress."
So that fur a State officer an elector can
vote in any county where he may reside ; no
previous county residence is necessary ; and
so for a member of Congress. As we have
but one member from our State, a citizen of
the State can vote anywhere in the State for
member of Congress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is accurate
in regard to the provisions of his own Constitu-
tion ; but I suggest to him whether, in his State,
they regard a member of the Legislature as a
State officer; and further, whether he thinks the
constitution of a State, or the Legislature of a
State, can fix a qualification for an elector for
a member of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature and another qualification for
an elector for Congress?
Mr. W1LLTAMS. I do not propose, and it is
not necessary now, to determine whether there
is any conflict between the constitution of Ore-
gon and the Constitution of the United States.
That is not the question before the Senate. I
simply read this to show that in the State of
Oregon people vote without having the qualifi-
cation which the Senator from Pennsylvania
proposes to prescribe for the people in the
southern States. I think, with all deference
to the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son, j that it would be unwise to adopt this
amendment, for, if the black men are, as is
represented, so much under the control of white
men, tliey can transfer, induce, or compel any
number of thein to go from one county to
another any time within ten days before the
election, and then of course they will lose their
votes. In that way great abuses may grow up,
and there is an inducement to that action held
out by this provision and by every single pro-
vision that you put into this law that only pro-
vides a new way in which those who have the
control there may prevent a fair expression of
the popular voice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The great object of this
bill, as I understand it, is to change the rule
which Ave adopted before requiting that the
constitutions in these States should be ratified
by a majority of those voting, provided the
whole vote cast should be a majority of the
registered voters, and to require merely a
majority of those who vote, without regard
to their number. That undoubtedly will be
adopted, if I may judge from the expression
of sentiment on the part of the Senate. The
result of that will be, or is expected to be,
that instead of those who are opposed to the Ij
constitution—being probably the bulk of the !
white voters, or a very large number of them, !
at any rate—slaying away from the polls, tliey '
must go to the polls and exert themselves with
reference to the matter as other voters do.
Now, sir, in a political point of view, if we are
going upon the ground of getting an advantage
one way or the other, I apprehend, especially
if an election lasts over five days, that the
opportunity to cheat will be greatly in advance
on the part of those who are opposed to the
Constitution, because the white voters can
change their residences temporarily much
more easily than the colored voters, and espe-
cially the classes of population who are under-
stood to be opposed to the Constitution; so
that in that point of view I do not think any
party advantage will be gained oil our side by
insisting that they might go at any time, and
fixing no time for residence. I merely allude
to that to show how it would be likely to ope-
rate, provided we effect our purpose, and that
is, compel those who are opposed to the con-
stitution to vote or exert themselves with refer-
enee to the matter, and thus have a fair trial
about it.
Now, sir, I understand that another amend-
ment is proposed, and that is, that not only are
they to vote at this election for the Constitution
or against it, on the subject of the Constitution,
when it would not make any great difference
where they voted, so that they did not vote
more than once, but it is also proposed to en-
act that they may be at liberty at the same
time to vote for members of Congress and for
State officers. If the election is to be extended
over five days in voting for all those it would
furnish a very great temptation for fraud on both
sides unquestionably, and the elections might
not be so fair as they ought to be, wdiereas the
temptation, perhaps, would not be so strong
with reference to the Constitution alone in that
particular. Under the circumstances, there-
fore, it strikes me that it would be wise and
fair to fix a time ; you may limit it as you please,
but it ought to bo a somewhat longer time, at
any rate, than the time over which the elections
would be likely to extend ; for instance, if the
election is to last for five days the limit should
be a longer time than the five days; how much
longer it will be for the Senate to say. I do
not like to establish a different rule, under the
circumstances, from that which prevails to
some extent in all of the States. I think it
would be exposing us to the charge that we
designed to make and to use an improper ad-
vantage and to avail ourselves of an improper
advantage ; whereas I do not think any great
harm could be done by fixing the time at ten
days. As the Senator from Massachusetts
suggests, the greater number of changes of
residence have already taken place. The busi-
ness period of the year has effected for the
most part those changes; they are already in
existence ; and. the small percentage that
would be likely to follow in consequence of a
change of residence within ten days I do not
think is worth considering, when you take it
in connection with and in opposition to the
advantage of fixing something like a principle
with regard to residence.
Therefore, sir, taking all these matters into
consideration, I shall vote for the amendment
winch is proposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I think it is fair and just, and cer-
tainly no great injury can come from it in any
event.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if he has any objection to letting
the last line remain, "under such regulations
as the district commanders may prescribe."
As his amendment will strike out the neces-
sity for producing the certificate of registra-
tion, certainly the voter ought to be required
to produce some evidence that he has been
registered. It can do no harm to leave those
words in. I suppose the commander would
have that power any way. but I think it ought
to be left so that oe could require some evi-
dence that tliey had been registered some-
where before they voted.
ilr. BUCKALEW. I moved to strike out
the whole latter clause because I supposed it
was quite unnecessary. The provision as ifc
will now stand will simply provide that an
elector may exercise his right if he has resided
within the district for ten days. That will
