1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the statements made by a Senator. The Sena-
tor from .Ohio may be entirely accurate in the
statements he proposes to make, and if he
makes them he will think that he is ; and yet
it is barely possible, where a matter has not
been investigated, that he may labor under a
mistake. It is a very important measure, and I
suggest to him whether it is proper to pass such
a bill without a reference to some committee
of the body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to ask
the passage of this bill on any statement of
mine. There are only two facts that a com-
mittee could ascertain if the bill was referred.
This bill has not been referred in the Senate to
any committee, certainly not to the Committee
on Finance. The ordinary reference would be
to the Committee on the J udiciary; and if the
Senate arc of opinion that this bill ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary to
ascertain the facts stated, the reference may be
made; but there is no necessity for^uch a refer-
ence. I have two official documents before
me, one of which contains the proceedings of
the Legislature of Arkansas upon theratification
of the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. In this doc-
ument the proceedings of the Legislature are
set out in form, and there was a unanimous
vote of-both Ilouses of the Legislature. That
one fact is proved to us by a document before
us coming to us in the ordinary way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is that document?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is miscellaneous doc-
ument No. 118. It shows that the constitu-
tional amendmentwas adopted on Friday, April
8, 1808, in tho Hall of Representatives, Little
Itock, Arkansas, and in the Senate chamber on
the same day, and by a unanimous vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that a Senate doc-
ument?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; aHouse document.
That was more than a month ago. I have here
also a document containing the official copy of
the constitution submitted to us by the Presi-
dent of the United States. I have read the
constitution over carefulfy, and any Senator
can do so also. There are only one or two
points in it on which even Senators could dis-
agree. I think, then, there is no occasion for
a reference to ascertain whether this constitu-
tion is republican in form. I have here also a
letter from the General of the Army, certifying
to the election, giving the details of the vote,
the controversy about it, and the report of an
officer who examined into its regularity.
These are all the facts that any Senator can
have upon a reference to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and they rest upon official documents,
and not upon any statement I could make. I
could, from the paper I hold in my hand and
from personal information derived from pri-
vate sources, make statements in regard to
the condition of affairs in Arkansas to show
the indispensable necessity of immediate action
on this bill; and that is the only point on which
I would detain the Senate for a moment. The
official reports communicated to us by the Gen-
eral of the Army show a condition of society
in Arkansas, in the absence of civil law, of
local law, of authorized constables, sheriffs,
&c., demanding immediate actiou. The Le-
gislature of Arkansas is now in session, but
their statutes have no force until Congress
approve and ratify the constitution under the
reconstruction acts.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of the
letter?
Mr. SHERMAN. May 4,1868. I will not
stop to give these facts to the Senate unless
there is a necessity for them ; but, so far as the
facts upon which we admit Arkansas are con-
cerned, they are of record here before us by
documents coming to us from the President
of the United States, from the General of the
Army, and from the Legislature of Arkansas
showing their approval of the constitutional
amendment. If there is any other fact stated
in the preamble or in the body of the bill that
is not established by the highest official record,
I do not know what it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. When'did the President
send it here?
Mr. SHERMAN. May 4, 1868.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if the
course advised by my friend from Ohio is
adopted it will be the first instance in which
a measure of that kind has been .passed by the
Senate in that way. I suppose there are nota
dozen members of the Senate who have read
the constitution whieh came to us. as the Sen-
ator says, by a message dated on the 4th of this
month. At that time we were engaged in the
trial which is still undecided. That trial occu-
pied, and I believe engrossed, the attention of
almost every member of the Senate. Little
other business was done or thought of, and,
speaking for myself, little other business of any
importance is thought of now. It may be true
that a state of things exists in Arkansas which
it would be very desirable to have changed for
the better; but a knowledge of that fact we
only get, as he tells us, from a letter from the
commander of our armies there, in whom I
have the greatest confidence both as a gentle-
man and as a patriotic soldier; but it is not, as
I think, advisable, nor do we properly dis-
charge our duty, if we take the statement o'f
any officer as actually true. It may be also
true that the constitution adopted by the peo-
ple of Arkansas conforms to the provisions of
the reconstruction act:}. It may, therefore, be
true that that constitution is republican in form;
but these are questions about which gentlemen
may well differ, and the only way, as it seems
to me, to arrive at a conclusion that would be
satisfactory to the Senate and to the country
would be to refer it, as has been done in other
cases, to the Committee on the Judiciary or to
some other committee, if any other committee
should be preferred b.y the Senate.
The bill came before us yesterday for the
first time, and now we are asked to ratify a
constitution of which very few, if any, mem-
bers of the Senate, except the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio, know anything. What pos-
sible harm can result from a delay of a few
days? Suppose it is postponed to the middle
of next week ; this, 1 believe, is Wednesday;
suppose it goes over until next Wednesday ;
does the honorable member suppose there will
be many murders perpetrated between now
and Wednesday that the adoption of this con-
stitution would prevent; that there will be any
acts of injustice to person or to property that
the adoption now of the constitution would
prevent? 1 do not see how it can be possible
for him to entertain any such apprehension ;
but I think the country will be surprised if the
Senate admit now upon its floor two additional
Senators, because, whatever may be the result
in the end, the public will say, and have per-
haps some reason to speculate upon the result,
that those Senators are to constitute a part of
the court of impeachment. I take for granted
that no member of the body contemplates such
a state of things ; but if they are admitted
they may claim it as a constitutional right, and
claiming it as a constitutional right they may
be able to satisfy a majority of the Senate that
they have that right; and if they succeed in
that then their votes are to be heard on that
trial.
I repeat that I have no idea, I can have no
idea, that any member of the Senate, or any
man controlled by a sense of justice, controlled
by any, the least, sense of propriety, would
have Senators brought in now to take part in
the issue of that proceeding ; but I only men-
tion it for the purpose of showing that the ad-
mission of the State now would cause the public
to suspect that that was the purpose, and if
they did, such a suspicion would, in my judg-
ment, be derogatory to the character of the
Senate. I mention it now only because it may
turn out that the Senators themselves will in-
sist upon their right, and they may be able to
satisfy, against the wish, against the desire of
a majority of the Senate, that they have that
right, and thus participate in the judgment.
Those dangers are much more pregnant, 1 think,
than any delay of a few days) and why, there-
fore, can it not be postponed until Tuesday .or
Wednesday next?
I have nothing more to offer, Mr. President.
I submit these considerations with perfect-sin-
cerity and with a desire to maintain unsus-
pected the credit of the Senate and to avoid
what, if it does happen, will in the judgment
of the country be considered a gross wrong.
With this view I oppose the passage of this
bill at this time.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Ohio that it is important that
this bill should be acted upon at as early a day
as the public interests may require, and as the
ordinary, usual course of legislation will per-
mit; but I will say to him that 1 thiuk the bill
can more readily and at an earlier day be acted
upon finally if it should come here reported by
a committee after a reference had been made;
for I need not tell him that if action upon it and
the consideration of it should be forced on us
at this time it would be necessary for Senators
to examine it and to discuss it at much greater
length than they would be compelled to do if
it were reported by a committee. We should
then have authentic and official information in
regard to it; whereas if it conies up now, we
shall be compelled to examine it for ourselves,
and to debate it for ourselves, for the purpose
of ascertaining the character of the constitu-
tion, and also the character of the bill. I must
sa.y that I see something in this bill which, I
think, would require from me some remark if
it were to be acted upon at this time. I should
feel desirous of discussing that clause of the
bill which provides that no amendment to the
constitution shall be made under certain cir-
cumstances. I do not know but that that is
right; perhaps it is; but 1 wish to consider
whether we can impose a condition-precedent
in that way prohibiting a State for all time from
making what that State may consider a neces-
sary amendment in its constitution with regard
to the right of suffrage. I do not know what
may be the result of the experiment of universal
suffrage of colored men without any limitation
of education. In my own State they are not
even permitted to vote with education; and it
may possibly turn out that it will not seem to
be advisable in the southern States to permit
them all to vote without being educated in any
manner whatever; the proposed constitution
may require some amendment. I do not feel
at this time prepared to vote on such a prop-
osition. I should like to hear from the com-
mittee ; I desire to consider it.
Then I have another word to say. The Sen-
ator from Maryland has suggested a considera-
tion that these Senators may be called upon to
act in the matter of impeachment. He says
he has no idea that there is any such inten-
tion ; but the difficulty is this : I do not know-
that Senators admitted here now can be pre-
vented from voting; I do not know but that
it would be their duty to vote. I cannot say
how that would be. They might feel called
upon to claim the right. It is said, to be sure,
that in this particular case it will make no dif-
ference, because the two Senators are said—
so I have been told by what 1 believe to be
| reliable authority—to differ on that subject.
Their vote might make no difference; but how
that is I do not know. They may vote on one
side ; they may vote on the other ; they may
vote to acquit; they may vote to convict. I
have some doubt whether, if they were admitted
as Senators, they could be prevented from
voting ; whether it would not be their duty to
act.
Mr. GRIMES. They are not sworn to try
i C3>S6.
Mr. DIXON. They may ask to be sworn.
I do not think we ought to place ourselves in
a position where any question of that kind can
be raised. We ought not, until this trial js
: decided, to admit new members of this body
I and have the question raised whether tney
ought to be permitted to vote or not
case is to be decided in a day or two; afiu i
seems to me it would be more-decent, more
proper for us to delay action upon tins mil, it
