1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3461
if you continue the present system. *1 now ask
unanimous consent to close debate on this sec-
tion and the succeeding sections down to section
sixty-five.
Mr. BARNES. I object-
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Pomekoy having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Blaixe reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, pursuant to the order of the House,
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 1284, to change and more effectually
secure the collection of internal taxes on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
Pending that motion I move that when the
consideration of this bill shall again be resumed
in Committee of the Whole all debate shall
terminate in ten minutes upon the pending
section and all amendments thereto, and upon
all the succeeding sections down to and includ-
ing section sixty-four.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no ; I hope not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is, that
it is not competent, under the rules of the
House, to direct that all debate shall terminate
upon any section but the one now pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the proviso of the sixtieth rule which
relates to that subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Provided further. That the House may, by a vote
of a majority of the members present, at any time
after the five-minutes debate has taken place upon
proposed amendments to any section or paragraph
•of a bill, close all debate upon such section or para-
graph, or at their election upon the pending amend-
ments only."
Mr. BLAINE. I ask that the Clerk also
read Rule 104.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The House may at any time, by a vote of a major-
ity of the members present, suspend the rules and
orders for the purpose of going into the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of tho Union ; and
also for providing for the discharge of the Committee
of the W holeliousc, and the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union—from the further
-consideration of any bill referred to it, after acting
without debate on all amendments pending and that
may be offered."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no
doubt that it is in the power of the House to
take action as indicated in Rule 104 ; but the
Chair rules that where a bill is under consid-
eration in the Committee of the Whole it must
be read by sections, and that as each section
is read it is competent for any member to move
an amendment thereto, which may be discussed
for five minutes in favor of the proposition and
five minutes against it, when debate may be
closed. The Chair, therefore, sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. In view of that decision,
which overrules the decision previously made
to-day, I move that all debate upon the section
ander consideration, and the amendments
thereto, cease in five minutes after the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
•of the Whole.
Mr. BARNES. Say twenty minutes. There
has been no debate on this side of the House.
The motion of Mr. Schenck was agreed to;
there being—ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the^ state of
the Union, and.resume the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending section and the
amendments thereto will terminate in five
minutes.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me that this House by its action this after-
noon has adequately provided for the remission
of almost all duties upon distilled spirits ; and
now it is proposed to pay back upon the ex-
portation of the article a specific sum of fifty
cents per gallon. lam rather inclined to think
that we had better allow the hoofs and horns
to go with the hide, and abandon any effort to
collect taxes from this article. In a scction
which was passed this afternoon, it is provided
that in case of tho disability of an inspector
of a bonded warehouse, where lies the germ
of the collection of the tax upon this article,
the warehouse shall be placed within the con-
trol of the collector of the district. I under-
take to say that any intelligent gentleman who
has considered this matter is fully aware that
this provision points directly to such a collu-
sion within that district as will make it impos-
sible to collect under this bill any larger per-
centage of tax than has been collected under
the existing law. As to the percentage of
tax that has been collected upon spirits within
the last year we are without positive informa-
tion. The Commissionerof Internal Revenue
in his report, at the opening of this session,
stated that there had been manufactured in the
previous year between forty-two and forty-five
million gallons of distilled spirits. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Meaus, in
introducing this bill, informed the House that
at seventy-five cents per gallon the Government
would realize between sixty and seventy mil-
lion dollars, which would indicate aproduetior.
of about ninety million gallons. Which of
these two high authorities is correct lam unable
to say. There is a wide discrepancy between
the two statements. But we do know that with
the tax nominally at two dollars a gallon spirits
has been selling on the average at about one dol-
lar and forty cents per gallon, and that the
Government has during the past year received
less than $20,000,000 from this source, while
it has paid over a hundred millions to the ras-
cals who have been accessory to the evasions
of the law. The provision in this bill to which
I have referred furnishes the loophole through
which the law will still be evaded.
Again, sir, the provision with reference to
the bonds to' be given by inspectors is such as
to render it impossible to get an honest in-
spector of those distilleries. It is provided
that the bondsmen shall be responsible for the
acts of the second appointed agent. What
responsible man in the United States is going
to become ^bondsman for John Doe, although
the latter may be his own brother, if in case of
sickness or disability Richard Roe may be ap-
pointed to the place, the bondsmen being made
responsible for his actions? Such a provision
necessarily puts the revenues under the control
of irresponsible men. I undertake to say that,
however the system may be braced tip and
guarded in other respects, the Government
cannot, if this provision be retained, collect
twenty-five per cent, of the taxes to which it is
rightfully entitled. But I do undertake to say
that when the Government binds itself to pay
back a specific sum of fifty cents, and does not
put against it the cost of collecting the sum of
fifty cents, it is assuming the guardianship of
the money of the people which it has no light
to ask. The law, as it will appear, is an ab-
surdity. It is defective. If we collect forty-
nine cents and pay back fifty cents the Govern-
ment will be the loser to that extent, and will be
wronged in that proportion.
[Here the hammer.fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate oa this section
is exhausted.
The question was taken on Mr. Isgeksoi.l's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the word "appropriated" the
words ''and no drawback shall be allowed
when the amount allowed for drawback in any
year has exceeded the amount of tax on dis-
tilled spirits received during thatfiscal year
so it will read:
The payment of said drawback to be made only
when the evidence shall be iurnishedto the entire
satisfaction ot the Secretary ot the Treasury by such
person or persons who shall claim allowance of draw-
back that such tax has been paid, and tho said rum
or alcohol so exported, landed and delivered tor the
consignee or consignees at the toreigu port to which
it was exported, to be proved by the sworn testimony
of responsible persons where exported from and ox-
ported to, the same to be paid by the warrant of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the Treasurer of the
United States out of any money arising from inter-
nal tax on distilled spirits not otherwise appropri-
ated; and no drawback shall be allowed whou the
amount allowed for drawback in any year has ex-
ceeded tho amountof tax on distilled spirits received
during the fiscal year.
The amendment was rejected.
The committee then divided on Mr. Logan's
amendment; and there were—ayes 38, noes
52 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not ask for a further
count.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the
forty-ninth section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that will be done.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized
to establish and designate at any portot entry in the
United States bonded warehouses for the storage of
distilled spirits in bond, intended for exportation.
Suitablo buildings shall be selected lor such ware-
houses, which shall not bo of less capacity than suffi-
cient to store five thousand barrels of distilled spirits,
and shall have no opening into or connecting them
with any other building, nor bu within six hundred
feet of any distillery or rectifying establishment, and
shall be known as export bonded warehouses, and
used exclusively for tho storage of distilled spirits in
bond; and no distilled spirits shall be withdrawn or
removed from such warohousesexceptonan order or
permit from tho collector in charge of exports for
immediate transfer to the vessel by which they are
to bo exported to a foreign country, fls hereinafter
provided.
Mr. PRICE. I move to add the following:
Provided, That no distilled spirits shall be removed
from tho place of distillation until the taxes provided
fur in this act shall be paid, anything contained in
any law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. Chairman, I have been endeavoring for
the last three hours to get in that amendment.
I was told it was unnecessary, because the
fourteenth section provided for it. In reading
that section I find it concludes in these words:
And the tax on the spirits stored in sach warehouse
shall be paid before removal from such warehouse,
unless removed in pursuance of law.
My amendment provides it shall be paid
before it leaves the warehouse, anything con-
tained in this law or any other to the contrary
notwithstanding. In other words, it is not to
leave the distillery until it has paid the tax.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. If the House intends to
sustain the provision to export spirits and to
manufacture spirits into uses for exportation
this will not do, because those are the only
exceptions in this bill. The general provision
is already adopted in the very first, section that
the tax which is to be paid is to be paid at the
distillery, and the tax must be paid on every-
thing except that to be exported. But by an
amendment of that sort the gentleman would
remove all possibility of exporting alcohol or
rum. or any other form of spirits, directly,
without prepayment of tax at the distillery. We
have already voted down that provision when
accompanied with drawbacks. Now the gen-
tleman proposes to revive it without even the
drawback. T
Mr. PRICE. Yes, that is my object, as i
stated once before explicitly.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
