1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
require no regulation from the commander.
That will be the only antecedent to the con-
cluding clause of the sentence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How is the elector to
furnish the evidence that he has been regis-
tered ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Thatisanotberquestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will look
he will see that the bill as it stands requires
him to furnish that evidence by the production
of his certificate. Now, the Senator's motion,
if it prevails, will strike that out; but onghtnot
some sort of evidence that he has been regis-
tered to be required? And, as we cannot very
well fix that in the law, ought it not to be left
to the regulations of the district commanders
to prescribe some mode of ascertaining that
fact?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose these district
commanders claim now to possess, and will
doubtless exercise, all those powers of regula-
tion which they think necessary. 1 believe the
former law gives it. I do not think it neces-
sary for us to put in an invitation to them to
make any new regulations, to invite them to
more of legislation than is absolutely indis
pensable. 1 think this provision will work
without any regulation. They already possess
power to form the election districts, and de-
clare what they shall be ; and I suppose they
have already made provisions for the issuing
of certificates and all that, if the Senator
thinks those words are important, of course I
shall not object to retaining them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I tliink they had better
be left in. Certainly they will do no harm if
the district commander has the power now.
But there should be some authority to ascer-
tain whether there has been a residence of ten
days or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether the words " upon
presentation of his certificate of registration"
have been stricken out ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania moves to strike them out; and I would
say to the Senator from Indiana that it is
necessary to strike them out, because, on
inquiry, it turns out that in only two States
was there any certificate given, and that was
why 1 inquired of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania if lie was not willing to leave the last
line in. If lie is, I shall not object seriously
to his amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on the
Judiciary thought those words were very im-
portant. If we are going to stand upon a
registration at all it ought to be shown that
tlie party is registered. Although, if you allow
parties to vote in a district—part of the State—
personal identification will probably be impos-
sible, yet this provision would be some guard ;
and I do not understand that the chairman
was authorized to stiike those words out., be-
cause I know the committee regarded them as
very important.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana will under,,tand me. I was not author-
ized to strike them out; I have not said so ;
but the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania takes them out if it prevails; and I was
speaking to his amendment, asking him to leave
in the last line, so that, if it did prevail, wc
should have something of the clause in it.
Mr. HENDRlCKS. I move to leave in the
other words, so that there shall be evidence
that the party has been registered. I do not
vote on this question upon any consideration
which side can do the most cheating. 1 shall
vote so as to secure as pure an election as the
nature of the case will allow. 1 think there
ought to be a certified copy of the registration,
or something that would show the tact that a
man has been registered. If a man does not
take interest enough in his vote to produce evi-
dence of his right to vote he ought not to vote,
no odds what his color is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I had prepared an amend-
ment which I intended to offer if none was pro-
posed by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to that part of the bill which requires
the presentation of his certificate of registra-
tion, and the words that I would move to insert
there would be these:
Upon presentation of his certificate of registration,
affidavit, or other satisfactory prriof, under such regu-
lations as the district commanders may prescribe.
So that the elector may produce his certifi-
cate of registration if he has one, and if not,
that he may be required to make his affidavit,
or that the officer shall require some proof that
satisfies him that the voter has been registered.
I will move to amend, if it be in order, by add-
ing those words after the word "registration."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is an amendment
to an amendment now pending.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will simplify this
question by changing the form of my amend-
ment. I will modify my amendment to accord
with this debate, and strike out only to the
word "upon" in the twenty-eighth line. Then
that will leave all the matter upon which this
debate is progressing untouched, and we can
proceed to consider it afterward.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
amendment be reported as now modified.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line twenty-six, after
the word "registered," to iusert the words
"in the State," and after the word "vote" to
strike out the words "in any part of the State
in which he shall have been registered, where
he may reside at the time of such election,"
and insert "in the election district where he
offers to vote when he has resided therein for
ten days next preceding such election;" so
that the clause would read :
And at tlie election in which the question of the
adoption or rejection of any constitution is submit-
ted. any person duly regii-tered in the State may vote
m the election district where he offers to vote when
helms resided thexeiii for ten days next preceding
such election, upon presentation of his certificate of
registration, under such regulations as the district
commanders may prescribe.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now I move to amend
in the twenty-ninth line by adding after the
word "registration" these woids, "affidavit or
other satisfactory evidence;" so that the clause
will read :
Upon presentation of his certificate of registration
affidavit, or other satisfactory evidence under such
regulations as the district commanders may pro-
scribe.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is quite as good
as the proposition for a "judicious tariff." It
is just aecording.to the judgment of the party.
It submits the whole question to the officer
receiving the vote. "Satisfactory evidence"
may be the statement of some person standing
beside the window and vouching that "this is
a good sort of person and he ought to vote."
If the party receiving the vote is opposed to
the constitution his judgment is easily satis-
fied if a certain class shall come up ; and the
same will be true if the party is in favor of the
constitution. Now, if certificates of regis-
tration have not been given I want to know
where is the difficulty of getting them? Of
course there is some record of them. Sen-
ators say that in only two States have certifi-
cates already been given. But where is the
difficulty? If a man wants to vote, can he
not get a certified copy of his registration?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the gentleman from
Indiana will allow me, I will tell him what the
difficulty is. In many parts of the southern
Slates which are sparsely settled, the commu-
nication between different counties is very in-
convenient. There are not the same number
of post routes as there arc in his State and
mine. If a man were living in one part of
Georgia it would take three weeks for the mails
to pass to another portion of it, and it would
be very inconvenient to send and get certificates.
Then if certificates have not been granted,
there is no provision for them, and it would
require new regulations to authorize somebody
to make thorn ; and then you would want evi-
dence that they were authentic. It would be
attended with a great deal of labor. That is
the objection to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, Mr. President,
this is a thing to make constitutions easy 
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not want to put
unnecessary impediments in the way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have heard ,of that
in other matters, but not quite such grave
matters as this. Are we thus to legislate on the
mere fact that it is a little inconvenient to .get
a paper which will show the truth, instead of
relying upon such vague assurances of the right
to vote as are now proposed ? Inconvenience is
not an argument, in my judgment', that ought
to prevail. I am not in favor of the system of
legislation to which this belongs; but as a
member of the Judiciary Committee I thought
we ought to have the evidence that the com-
mittee required, a certified copy or the certifi-
cate of registration. If the voter has not the
certificate now, there will be no difficulty in
obtaining it. I suppose that registration is
in each county, and it would be a matter of
no considerable inconvenience to obtain it.
Now, what is the effect of this amendment?
The party's own affidavit is to be received—
some who cannot read the affidavit when made;
it is not to be in writing, perhaps, or such other
evidence or testimony as will be satisfactory.
Without being so designed on the part of the
Senator from Oregon, for I would not attribute
any such purpose to him, it is a mere machin-
ery for fraud. The party himself, if he wants
to vote, will go up and swear. I have a little
more experience on this subject than perhaps
some Senators. 1 have known elections where
the frauds wore startling. I have heard of vot-
ing in my State by men who were not citizens
of Indiana, but citizens of the State of Massa-
chusetts, and some of whom at one election
voted thirteen times. We had no registration
then. That state of case in Indiana brought
about the enactment of a registration law.
Mr. THAYER. I will ask the Senator if
he ever heard of any people from Kentucky
going over to Indiana to vote there?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I never did. I do not
say that some people in Kentucky would not
do it if they had the same motives that the
parties to whom I refer had. I do not know
how that is. There happened to be no Ken-
tucky soldiers in our State at that time that I
know of. Now, sir, ail that I ask in regard to
this bill is that there shall be some respect-
able assurance of the right of the party to vote,
if the Senator from Oregon would amend his
proposition so as to say that the vote shall be
received on the sworn testimony of others than
the paity proposing to vote, there would be
some support, some data ; but I say that a man
who will offer a vote that lie is not entitled to
will swear it in. Experience everywhere, in
my judgment, justifies the assertion. The man
who has no right to vote in proposing to vote
proposes to commit a fraud upon the entire
community. The man who is willing to give a
false vote is ready to support it by his own affi-
davit. In this case he would have no terror
of punishment, because he is supposed to be
at some distant point of the State where the
contradiction between his affidavit and the
registration cannot bo detected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are all returned to
the same headquarters.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes; but it is known
to Senators how this is. Persons frequently
propose to vote in the South who do not know
their own names, and do not know what name
they were registered under ; but go by one
name for awhile, and then go by anothername.
In that state of society, is it right to put in
this loose, unsatisfactory provision which Sen-
ators know will enable any amount of fraud
to be perpetrated? The best way is to require
evidence such as would be received in court, a
copy of the registration.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand the honor-
able Senator, or at any rate, if not the honor-
able Senator, those with whom he is politically
associated, to be opposed to any registration
law in any State. I know that in the State in
which I reside they are all violently opposed to
a registration law; they are so in the adjoin-
