30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
supply of means, and with great skill and ex-
perience, they tried the experiment, and after
throe years' trial failed, not being able to pro-
duce over one fourth to one third per acre, and
nearly the same decreased ratio in quality com-
pared with American cotton, our production;
tor, thank God, the whole country is ours, one
and indivisible. And to-day. after years of
the most powerful stimulus, with prices almost
fabulous, with a powerful nation at its back,
the production in India is still, both in the yield
per acre and the quality of cotton, a failure
compared with ours. No power but that of
God himself can overcome the difficulty in
India, for the dry season sets in at the time the
cotton boll begins to till, making short fiber
and staple and a short crop. No European
fabric except coarse cottons, mainly colored,
are made entirely of India cotton. Forallother
fabrics our cotton is and must be mainly used.
In the opinion of experienced cotton dealers
and spinners our cotton, for quality alone, is
able to bear on all exported from three to live
cents tax per pound. I believe the consump-
tion of our country is ordinarily about one mil-
lion bales, leaving more than half the present
crop for exportation.
When we have this great source of wealth in
a kind of production which is a necessity and
profit to the world why not make other nations
pay a share of onr debt and taxes? Sound
wisdom would seem to dictate that we take
advantage of all our great gifts so bountifully
lavished upon our common country by an over-
ruling Providence.
The retention of this tax does in a measure
protect the wool-growers: and while furnishing
$20,000,000 of revenue to the Government
also adds so much to the cost of manufacturing
in Europe, and operates as a protection here
at home. I am not prepared to criticise the
motives of those who advocate this measure;
but an examination will prove that it will bene-
fit not so much the cotton-grower as the dealer,
the shipper, and the British manufacturer.
How far these interests are to have special
favors time may tell. Before this $20,000,000
of revenue is taken off I want to know how
it is to be replaced. Is the remission of this
tax to impose additional burdens upon other
interests that are equally a necessity and are
equally suffering, (to which I object.) or is
the deficiency of revenue to be made up by
economy and retrenchment? Common justice
demands that all the necessary interests of our
country should share the burdens of taxation
equally. I claim that the Committee of Ways
and Means should hold this question in abey-
ance until they can show how this deficit of
$20,000,000 is to be made good.
Mr. BROMWELL obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. NUNN, who said: I move to amend
the substitute as follows :
^Insert after the word "abolished" these words:
'on all cotton on the farm where grown, and the
property of the producer at the time of the passage
of thi3 bill."
Mr. Speaker, it is with feelings of great
embarrassment and no small degree of re-
luctance that I shall attempt to address the
House in a few brief remarks so early after
becoming a member of this honorable body;
but coming as I do from the State of Tennes-
see, which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent upon this floor, and which State is largely
interested in this question, I deem it my duty.
While it is almost universally conceded and
generally desired that the cotton tax should be
removed, the question at issue seems to be
whether the tax shall be repealed immediately
or shall take effect in future. While the argu-
ment that the sharp, shrewd cotton speculator,
anticipating the repeal of this tax, has gone
forward and purchased large quantities of cot-
ton, hoping to realize great profits from the
labor of the poor white and colored men who
have produced the cotton, comes with great !
force and should be respected, it is also true j
that the poor laborers, white and colored, look-
ing with an eye of faith to this Radical Con- I
gress for a repeal of this cotton tax, have clung
to their crops with a tenacity worthy of their
faith, and have tiie same at their farms and
homes waiting anxiously for this repeal pro-
posed. And while 1 do not propose to aid the
speculator I do wish to assist the producer,
who has raised and held his cotton at great
expense. But gentlemen argue that the greater
portion of the producers have parted with their
crops. Admit that to be true, is that any rea-
son why those who have never parted with
their crops should not have the benefit of the
repeal? Because we cannot aid the dead
ought we to refuse to assist the living? 1
therefore otfer this amendment, hoping it will
meet with a favorable consideration.
Mr. BROMWELI,. Mr. Speaker, as to the
question whose hands is this cotton in I have
no doubt from all I know from persons engaged
in raising cotton in different parts of the South
there is not one producer of small means in ten
who holds his cotton to-day without its being
subject to such a control by the factor or the
merchant as to take it out of his hands before
this relief can be applied. I understand the
mode of producing cotton down South on the
plantations of the least importance is that the
factor furnishes the capital; it is paid out for
labor and provisions and the factor's claim is
held as a first mortgage or lien upon the prop-
erty and the crop, and the cotton passes into his
hands as early in the season as he requires.
It may be said the larger growers have held
on to their property. If gentlemen here insist
on this relief on the ground of inability to pay
the tax what does it signify that the larger
planters have held on to their .cotton? What
relief is to be given to those who have not held
on to their cotton? As to the poor whites and
the poor blacks of the South every one knows
that for the most part they work by the month
on the cotton plantations; and they have no
interest whatever in this question of cotton, nor
can they have unless they work on shares.
But, Mr. Speaker, what I wish to speak to
now is particularly this: it might be inferred
from the language of gentlemen here that Con-
gress has been guilty of improvident legisla-
tion in levying this tax on cotton. How was
this thing regarded? The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gaiifield,] then on the Committee of
Ways and Means, tells us it was done as a tem-
porary expedient. For what reason should this
Government, as a temporary expedient, tax and
oppress and impoverish the beginning of indus-
| try in one of the great staples of the country I
am at a loss to understand. Yet the gentle-
man says it was adopted as a temporary expe-
, dient, but the time has now arrived to repeal
it. What is there in the present condition of
things that could have been anticipated then
which demands the repeal of the tax now except
that a remarkable and unlooked-for change has
taken place in the market value of this staple
abroad and the vicissitudes of the season have
been unfavorable to our planters? Cotton is
usually raised on large plantations, involving
a large outlay of capital. The men who left
the North and engaged in the culture of cotton
employed a large capital—sometimes from two
to three hundred thousand dollars. They em-
barked in it as they would in any other enter-
prise involving a large outlay of capital nnd
in which they expected to realise a profit. In
that light the production of cotton was as legit-
imate a subject of taxation as anything else
involving the investment of capital. As to the
smaller producers, as well as alt others, it was
supposed, from the very high price to which
the staple had risen, and which it was likely to
maintain in the market, that they could well
afford to pay it; and believing too strongly in
the southern doctrine that cotton was king,
Congress was induced to levy the tax, which
of course was to be taken off if found to be
inexpedient. Since that day circumstances
have occurred which no Congress could foresee.
It Was not known that the cotton-bug was to
ravage all the region of the Mississippi and
that an unprecedented flood would bring dis-
tress upon the planters. They are now in dis-
tress, but what will be the effect of taking the
tax off at once as proposed? It would not alle-
viate the distress of those whose cotton has
passed out of their hands. Does not every man
know who is familiar with the subject of cot-
ton growing that the grower raises it, as it
were, for another? Without the merchant or
factor there would belittle planting carried on.
As I have understood the merchant or factor
holds the first lien, even prior to the wages of
the hands-; they will have paid the tax, if any-
body, and they will call upon you to refund.
And if you refund the tax what is it but adding
to the profits of those wffc> adventured their
capital in the production of it, or who have
bought it in the market at low prices? What
signifies it that there has been but £4,000,000
of the tax paid out of the $23,000,000? Does
anybody suppose that the tax is paid in on every
pound as fast as it is put under lien or under
contract? Doubtless if there be $4,000,000
already collected on the new crop more than
two thirds of it must be in second hands. I
doubt if one tenth part of it is left to-day under
complete control of the men who raised it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOOllHEAD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SCIIENCK. If the gentleman will give
way I will state to the House that I propose,
after my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Moorhead] shall have finished his remarks,
that the debate be limited to five minutes, with
the understanding that I am to have the usual
time allowed to reply to the various points pre-
sented after the previous question shall be
seconded.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, after the
discussion we have had on this subject, and
particularly after the exposure made in the
paper sent to the desk by the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. WixnoM,] I do not suppose
there is any danger of this House voting for
the substitute. That is the main question—
whether the tax shall be taken off of the pres-
ent crop or off the new crop. I think it has
been clearly shown that if we make the release
take effect immediately after the passage of the
act it would inure to the benefit of cotton spec-
ulators, and not of cotton producers. But I
do not think there is any danger of the House
acting in that way. I will therefore turn my
attention to another branch of the subject, and
particularly to the remark of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Bromwell] who last ad-
dressed the House. He appeared to speak as
if he considered this tax in its inception an
outrage, and as if it was very wrong for the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a tax
for a temporary purpose.
Now, I differed with my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] on this question when the tax
was put on.' I did not go for it as a temporary
expedient. 1 went for it honestly and in good
faith, believing that there was no article in the
United States upon which we coiild with more
propriety place a tax than cotton. And why?
Because I believed we had in a great measure
a monopoly of the production of this article,
particularly of the finer quality. I did nat
believe there was any article in the world that
could compete with it, and I believed from the
very high price cotton had been selling at dur-
ing the war that we could put a tax of five and
even of ten cents a pound upon it—indeed I
advocated a tax often cents—without affecting
the grower. I thought if nature and Providence
had given us a soil and climate to produce the
article ,so much better than any other part of
the world it was right and proper that we
should make those who enjoyed the benefit of
it in other countries help us to pay the tax.
For that reason I went for it. That being my
position I nowyield with very great reluctance
to taking this tax off, and I only do it because
1 believe that it is a matter of necessity. I do
it because I believe a continuation of the tax
will affect the production of cotton in this
country. . That is the point with me, and the
only one that would induce me to vote to take
