2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
' there were no other reason, rather than raise a
question as to what may be the duty of the
Senators. Of course I do not allude to the
- side on which they would vote; I do not. know;
they might vote to acquit; they might vote to
convict; they might divide. "That is imma-
- terial; that is not the question. If we pass
this bill now, and afterward admit these Sen-
- ators, we are raising a question which ought not
to be raised. If that were done perhaps it
would be the duty of the new Senators to vote;
perhaps we should not have the power to pre-
vent them. In view of that question, there
fore, if there were no other reason, 1 think it
would be proper for the Senate to say that this
bill should not pass till that great trial is de-
cided. Then justice will be done, of course,
by the action of the Senate; the verdict will be
acquiesced in; the public will be satisfied, and
will presume everything to be right; and,
whatever may be the result, peace, I trust, may
pervade the whole country. If there were no
other reason than that I should be opposed to
' the passage of this bill at this time. I think it
• had better be referred to a committee.
1 _Mr. SHERMAN. I wish very positively to
disclaim all purpose of calling up this bill te
gain two votes on the impeachment trial. I
have no idea that the passage of this bill to-
day—and I hope the Senate will pass it—would
have that effect, because, as we all know, the
President of the United States could retain
this bill for ten days. In all human proba-
bility we shall take a recess on next Monday,
and my only purpose in having the bill passed
to-day was this: the people of Arkansas would
know then that, the existing Legislature is a
lawful power, that its enactments must be re-
spected, and that they may be enabled, even
in anticipation of the final vote on the passage
of this bill, with orwithoutthe approval of the
■President., to make the necessary arrangements
to preserve law and order in Arkansas. The
condition of affairs there now is peculiar. The
military authorities are totally inadequate to
protect life and property in Arkansas on ac-
count of the insufficiency of the force. The
present local authority there, growing out of
the old debris of civil government, has ceased
to have any power whatever. It is not re-
garded or respected by anybody. Those who
formerly adhered to it do not now regard it as
having any weight, while the present author-
ity, through the new movement and the exist-
ing Legislature, have no legal authority under
the reconstruction acts. The reconstruction
acts provide that the Legislature shall have no
power whatever to pass laws until Congress
pass upon their constitution and admit the
State; so that there is now an absence of all
local authority.
The reports of the registers and judges of
election, which are to be found in the report
which has been laid upon our tables, disclose
a condition of lawlessness and violence in
Arkansas such as we ought not to perpetuate
for a single day. I have no doubt that every
day in Arkansas, in the absence of local au-
thority, murders and outrages are being com-
mitted. The official document from General
Grant shows, from the reports of officers of
the Government, the constant outrages that
are being committed there, simply because
there is no law, no oflieer, no constitutional
agency to protect the peace and quiet of the
people. But the very moment an act is passed
by Congress recognizing the existing Legisla-
ture as valid, even although it may not be ap-
proved by the President, although it may be
withheld by him for a time, it, will give to their
enactments a kind of moral sanction, by the
aid of which they will be able to preserve peace
and quiet.
if there was any fact disputed or doubted I
should be in favor of sending this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary; but there is not.
Their proceedings seem to have been regular.
The only question that arises is as to the legality
of the votes in two counties, Jefferson county
and Pulaski county ; and that would not change
the result. There is no doubt that upon the
law the vote was legal, and the officer who was
sent to examine into the matter so reported.
They acted in those two counties,"being popu-
lous counties, within easy reach of the tele-
graph, upon tlie last amendment of the recon-
struction act, and allowed all persons to vote,
whether they were registered in those counties
or in other counties of the State. In that I
think they acted according to the strict letter
of the law, and it was perfectly right and
proper.
Under these circumstances, to prolong this
matter seems to me unwise. 1 was in ho{)es
that the Senate would, without objection, with
great unanimity, pass this bill. It cannot effect
any political object. These men cannot come
here to vote upon impeachment. It can do
no harm. It may protect life and property a
little sooner. There is no doubt at all, I think,
of the passage of this bill within a week or
two. I see no reason why the Senate, which
is proverbial for delay, should in this case,
where no good can come from delay and a
great deal of harm may come, delay this matter
until next week or the week after. It is for
the Senate to say. I think we ought to act
upon it now. I feel the more anxious on this
subject because persons whom I know, who
have cast their fortunes in Arkansas, write to
me that the condition of soeiety there abso-
lutely demands some.moral support at least
from a local government.
Mr. KD.MUNDS. I hope this bill will be
referred t.o the proper committee in the regular
way. I have looked at the constitution cas-
ually, and I believe it to be right; I believe it
will turn out on investigation that every step
has been regular under the law, and that this
people may properly and rightly and legally,
according to the constitution and the recon-
struction laws, be received : but I believe that
it is of great consequence as a rule for the or-
derly administration of government, that the
usual course as to a bill of this importance, not
merely to this people, but to the whole coun-
try, as a precedent of the method of readmit-
ting old States or reorganizing and admitting
new ones, should be adhered to with regularity.
It is undoubtedly true, as my friend from Ohio
says, that there is a state of things in the State
of Arkansas that earnestly appeals to our sense
of such expedition as we can consistently and
properly make; and the same state of things
exists, I am sorry to say, in most of the other
southern States, according to my information ;
and as to them, too, I would make all the haste
consistent with justice and consistent with se-
curity. But T believe it will be an unparalleled
and unprecedented step for this body to take,
looking back to the records of the worst "Dem-
ocratic " times—I use the word Democratic in
its modern and not in its proper signification
—for us to admit a State into this Union, or
readmit an old one whose relations have been
disturbed, which is practically the same thing,
without any reference to a committee, without
having before us in the regular and proper way
those official and other iacts upon which the
body are to act. It is true that by the courtesy
between the two Houses we have had sent to
us in an informal manner the print of this con-
stitution, the print of the letter to the Presi-
dent, and of his message to that body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I got them from our
document, room.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say we have had them
sent to us in the regular way of the courtesy
between the two Houses; that is, when one
House orders a document printed for its own
use, as it does under the rules, a certain num-
ber of copies are sent to the other House for
distribution among its members for their inform-
ation ; but in an official sense they are not
here.. That, I admit, is a technical objection •
but I say when we are entering upon legislation
of this character, which affects so many inter-
ests and such wide areas of country, we ought
to be careful, even for the sake of public opin-
ion, in order to defy the criticism of our oppo-
nents, that every step of regularity shall be
adhered to; and we ought not to be told, when
those who complain of our action go baek to
the people, that we have hustled a measure
through here without any reference to a com-
mittee, in plain violation of and departure from
the spirit of our rules and without a precedent
or a parallel.
' I say. therefore, looking at it in the mere
sense of party expediency, and in what some
would call that narrower party sense that ap-
peals to the political wisdom of Republicans,
that we ought to put ourselves in a position to
defy criticism here or elsewhere. If it be
claimed by anybody on this floor that there is
any doubt about the regularity of these pro-
ceedings, let them go to a committee, and let
him be challenged to produce his objections
and his evidence, if he hasany ; and then, in a
day or two or three, your committee will re-
port back the facts, and then we can pass the
bill.
Suppose it were passed to-day, Mr. Presi-
dent, and'suppose—1 think I shall not be
guilty of any impropriety if I refer to it, be-
cause it is within the range of probabilities—
suppose it should happen that passing this bill
to-day it should be sent to the President to-
morrow, and that on Saturday that President
should be removed from office, has his succes-
sor a constitutional right., or is he bound by
constitutional duty, to examine and approve
thatbill? According to my judgment, by no
manner of means. Therefore, I think we can
subserve no practical purpose, we can subserve
no legal or regular purpose, by hastening a bill
of this importance, the tirst of the series of
bills which is to operate upon these States,
and also upon Territories, through in this way.
I hope it. will be sent to a committee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I simply desire to call
attention to one question of fact. I shall vote
to refer this subject to a committee, because I
desire a report from them on the question
arising from the face of these papers of whether
this Constitution was in fact adopted or not.
The Senator from Ohio seems to rest under
a mistake in regard to the time when informa-
tion of the act of the 11th of March reached
the State of Arkansas so as to be acted upon
at an election. We passed an act, the Senate
will remember, which bears date the 11th of
March, authorizing persons registered in one
part of the State to vote in other parts of the
State, being there, I believe, a period of ten
days. The law before that was understood not
to permit that. The Senator seemed to think
that information of that law had reached the
State of Arkansas and was acted upon in the
two counties where there were a large number
of surplus votes, and although they had no
official copy of the law, they had information
by dispatch from the General-in-Chief upon
which, in point of fact, they acted, and these
votes were taken. Now, sir, the fact is not so,
as I understand the report of General Gillem.
He says :
"The order containing this law"—
Meaning the law of the 11th of March—
"was not received until after the election/'
Mr. SHERMAN. Received b\T him.
Mr. BUCKALEW. He ,
^h<korde? C0I}tainmS this law was not received
until after the election, and the dispatch from the
ireneral-in-Chief containing no intimation of this
provision —
To wit, the provision permitting electors to
i vote in a different part of the State—
; "I was unaware of the existence „f the law and
[ therefore prescribed no regulations for pers-ms vot-
j ur gemots than those inwlneh they regis-
The paragraph above is as follows;
, 4? .t!ie act of Congress passed March 11,
\o'14 *wS Promulgated in General Order
IXfis Hil™ the W ar Department, dated March 14,
fre was no law or order in existence permit-
vote In™ivrn?hSterd \n one 00.unt-v or Procinct to
voce m any other county or proemct."
And he goes on then and explains the law.
tie states, I believe, in another part of his re-
port, that there was a dispatch from General
brrant announcing the fact of the passage of
the law, but he says that in the first informa-
