3462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
of Mr. Price, there were—ayes 23, noes 45;
no quorum voting.
Mr. PRICE. The committee will rise, I
suppose, pretty soon. I look upon this as a
vital proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and if the gentleman insists upon a divis-
ion I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. PRICE. 1 insist upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose : and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaise
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, pursuant to the
order ofthe House, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
EXPENDITURES FOR 1865.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the
standing order of the Ilou&e of December 30,
1791, and the act of August 26, 1842, the
amount of receipts and expenditures of the
United States for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1866 ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
indian affairs in new mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from S. F. Tap-
pan, relative to Indian affairs in New Mexico,
the removal of the Navajoes, Apaches, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
CHARLES C. M'CRARY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report of the Adjutant General, relative
to the claim of Charles C. McCrary; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
I'AY Oi' ARKANSAS MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that he has informed the Sergeant-at-Arms
that the pay of the members from Arkansas
should commence from the date of their elec-
tion, which was the 13th of March, Which elec-
tion has been held by the House to be legal,
the Representatives being sworn in as having
been chosen at that election. The delegates
however desire the same rule applied to them
as was applied to the members from Tennes-
see ; they ask to be allowed pay for the whole
Congress. If there is no objection, the sub-
ject will be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
No objection being made the matter was so
referred.
BITUMINOUS COAL.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of owners of bitumi-
nous coal mines^ in the United States, against
any reduction ot the duty on coal ; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
THE FISHERIES.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 308) rela-
tive to the fisheries; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
(at ten o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Jacob
Rief and 70 others, citizens of Lawrenceburg,
Indiana, agaiust an increase of the tax on
cigars.
Also, the petition of C. H. W. Weraeke and
21 others, citizens of Lawrenceburg, Indiana,
against an increase of the tax on cigars.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition of 158 work-
ers in Fairmount Iron Works, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing to
foreign competition, their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 50 workers in the iron
and steel works of Morris, Wheeler & Co.,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting forth that,
owing to foreign competition, their industry
is greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of Alfred Sherratt and 41
others, workingmeu of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such increase of protective
duties as will revive manufactures and restore
prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of 61 workers in the ma-
chine works of Thomas Wood, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of 105 workers in chem-
icals in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that, owing to foreign competition, their
industry is greatly depressed, and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 25 workers in Wetherill
white lead works, West Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth that, owing to foreign com-
petition, their industry is greatly depressed, and
many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 74 workers in Flat Rock
paper-mills, Manayunk, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that, owing to foreign competition, their
industry is greatly depressed, and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 40 workingmen in Carr's
steel frame manufactory in the city of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, praying for such increase
of protective duties as will relieve their dis-
tress, secure a home market for the products of
their industry, and aid them in their unequal
contest with the underpaid labor of Europe.
Also, the petition of Thomas Shaw and 61
others, workers in iron and steel, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing to for-
eign competition, their industry is greatly de-
pressed, and many ofthe trade are out of employ-
ment, and praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of John Robinson and 40
others, workers in the m anufacture of cotton and
woolen goods at Manayunk, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed, and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional proteetive duties
Also, the petition of 51 operatives in paper-
mills at Manayunk, Pennsylvania, settingforth
that, owing to foreign competition, their indus-
try is greatly depressed, and many of thetrade
are out of employment, and praying lor addi-
tional protective duties.
Also, the petition of E. H. Radcliffe and 41
others, workingmen in Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petitions of 547 workers in manu-
facturesofiron andsteel in Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, complaining of the depression of
industry, and praying for such additional pro-
tective duties as will relieve their distress and
aid them in their unequal contest with the
underpaid labor of Europe,
By Mr. McCLURG : A memorial and claim
of Captain G. W. Short.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of S. A. Clark
and others^ carpet-weavers of Philadelphia
Pennsylvania, complaining of the depression
ot industry, and praying for such increase of
protective duties as will revive manufactures
and restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of Annabell Evans, widow
of Morris Evans, late an employ^ in the quar-
termaster's department, who, while acting as
a mounted guard at Fairfax station, Virginia,
was captured by the rebels, and died a prisoner
at Anderaonville, Georgia, of inhuman treat-
ment.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 25, 186&
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of tie Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with,
EXECUTIVE. COMMUNICATION,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication from
Samuel F. Tappan, one of the Indian peace
commissioners, in relation to Indian affairs hi
the Territory of New Mexico, the removal of
the Navajoes, Apaches, Utes, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affaira.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Nancy
A. Stocks for an increase of pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
Lloyd Brooks, John F. Noble, and James V.
Bumford, administrators of the estate of George
C. Bumford, praying compensation for property
lost in the fall of 1855 by reason of the war
between the United States and the Indians in
Walla Walla valley, Territory of Washington ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Joseph Wilson, for
compensation for horses and mules captured
by the rebels in consequence, as is alleged,
of the refusal of the pickets to allow liim to
pass within our lines on the outposts of Wash-
ington, in July, 1864; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers and
sailors and the widows of soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OS COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 433)
for the relief of Palemon John, reported it
without amendment.
He, also from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John O'Dwyer,
late captain Veteran Reserve corps, praying
to be allowed three months' pay proper, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee cm
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (EL R.
No. 445) for the relief of Timothy Lyden, of
Parkersburg, West Virginia, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of E. Lockwood, agent
for Charles Rosefield, praying that the claim
of Charles Rosefield be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jeremiah Getty, of
Sears county, Minnesota, asking to be paid for
certain property destroyed by United States
troops in that State in the winter of 1864-66,
submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Benjamin W. Cur-
tis, praying compensation for property taken
and used by the United States Army; tiie peti-
tion of Mary Riggles praying compensation for
pecuniary loss sustained by her in the death of
her son, who was killed by the horses of a
Government wagon on the 18th of January,
1863, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I am also instructed by the
