380
SUPPLEMENT TO
for official conduct, and you will have proved
yourselves the architects of your country's
ruin; you will have converted this land of law
and order, of light and knowledge, into a land
of darkness, the very light whereof will be
darkness—a land
" Where eldest Night
And Chaos, ancestors of nature, will hold
Eternal anarchy, amidst the noise
Of endless wars, and by confusion stand."
Disguise, gloze over, and, by specious and
ingenious argument, excuse the President's
acts, as gentlemen may, the fact is that we are
passing upon the question whether the Presi-
dent may not, at his pleasure, and without
peril to his official position, set aside and
annul both the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and in his great office inaug-
urate anarchy in the land.
The whole defense of the President rests
upon the simple but startling proposition that
he cannot be held to answer for any violation
of the written Constitution and laws of the
United States, because of his asserted right
under the Constitution, and by the Constitu-
tion, to interpret for himself and execute or
disregard, at his election, any provision either
of the Constitution or statutes of the United
States.
No matter what demagogues may say of it
outside of this Chamber, no matter what re-
tained counsel may say of it inside of this
Chamber, that is the issue; and the recording
angel of history has already struck it into the
adamant of the past, Aere to remain forever;
and upon that issue, Senators, you and the
House of Representatives will stand or fall
before the tribunal of the future. That is the
issue. It is all there is of it. It is what is
embraced in the articles of impeachment. It
•is all that is embraced in them. In spite of
the technicalities, in spite oftlie lawyer's tricks,
in spite of the futile pleas that have been in-
terposed here in the President's defense, that
is the issue. It is the head and front of An-
drew Johnson's offending, that he has assumed
to himself the executive prerogative of inter-
preting the Constitution and deciding upon the
validity of' the laws at bis pleasure, and sus-
pending them and dispensing with their execu-
tion.
1 say it again, Senators, witli every respect
for the gentlemen who sit here as the repre-
sentatives of States und the representatives as
well of that great people who are one people
though organized by States, that the man who
has heard this prolonged discussion, running
through days and weeks, who does not under-
stand this to be the plain, simple proposition
made in the hearing of Senators, insisted upon
as the President's defense, is one of those un-
fortunates whom even a thrush might pity, to
whom God in his providence has denied the
usual measure of that intellectual faculty which
we call reason.
In the trial of this case the Senate of the
United States is the sole and only tribunal
which can judicially determine this question.
The power to decide it is with the Senate; the
responsibility to decide it aright is upon the
Senate. That responsibility can be divided by
the Senate with no human being outside of this
Chamber. It is all-important to the people
of the United States at large as it is all-import-
ant to their Representatives in Congress assem-
bled, and surely it is all-important to the Sen-
ators, sworn to do justice in the premises
between the people and the President, that
this great issue which touches the nation's life
shall be decided in accordance with the spirit
as well as with the letter of the Constitution.
It is all-important that it shall be decided in
accordance with that justice to establish which
the Constitution itself was ordained; that jus-
tice before the majesty of which we this day
bow as before the majesty of that (rod whose
attribute it is; that justice which dwelt with
Him before worlds were, which will abide with
Ilim when worlds perish, and by which we shall
be judged for this day's proceeding.
The Senate, having the sole power to try im-
peachments, must of necessity be vested by
every intendment of the Constitution with the
sole and exclusive power to decide every ques-
tion of law and of fact involved in the issue.
And yet, Senators, although that would seem
to be a self-evident proposition, hours have
been spent here to persuade the Senate of the
United States that the Senate at last had not
the sole power to try every issue of law and
fact arising upon this question between the
people and the President. The ex-Attorney
General well said the other day, for he quoted
a familiar canon of interpretation, "Effect
must be given to every word in a written stat-
ute." Let effect be given to every word in
the written statute of the people—their funda-
mental law, the Constitution of the United
States—and there is an eud of all controversy
about the exclusive power of the Senate to
decide every question of law and fact arising
upon this issue.
What meant this long-contiuued discussion
on the part of the counsel for the President,
resting upon a remark of my colleague [Mr.
Manager Butleii] in his opening on behalf of
the people that this was not a court? Was it
an attempt to divert the Senate from the ex-
press provision of the Constitution that the
Senate should be the sole and final arbiters
between the people and the President? What
meant this empty criticism about the words of
my colleague that this was not a court, but the
Senate of the United States? My colleague,
Mr. Chief Justice, simply followed the plain
words of the Constitution, that "the Senate
shall have the sole power to try all impeach-
ments."
i propose neither to exhaust my strength nor
the patience of the Senate by dwelling upon
this miserable device to raise an issue between
the Senate and the courts, because that is what
it resulted in at last although it came after a
good deal of deliberation, after a good many
days of incubation, after many utterances on
many subjects concerning things both in the
heavens above and in the earth beneath and in
the waters under the earth! I do not propose
to imitate the example of the learned and ac-
complished counsel of the President on the
trial of this grave issue which carries with it so
many and so great results to all the people of
the United States not only of this day, but of
the great hereafter. 1 trust I shall be saved in
the providence of God, by His grace, from be-
coming, as have some of the counsel for the
President in this august presence, a mere eat-
er-up of syllables, a mere snapper- np of uncon-
sidered trifles. 1 propose to deal m this dis-
cussion with principles, not with "trifles light
as air." 1 care not if the gentlemen choose to
call the Senatesittingin the trial of an impeach-
ment a court. The Constitution calls it the
Senate. 1 know, as every intelligent man
knows, that the Senate of the United States,
sitting upon the tri; 1 of impeachment, is the
highest, judicial tribunal of the land. That is
conceding enough to put an end to all that was
said on that point—someof it most solemnly—•
by the stately argument of the learned gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Curtis;] some
of it most tenderly by the effective and adroit
argument of my learned and accomplished
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Groesbeck,] and some
of it most wittily—so wittily that he held his
own sides lest he should explode with laughter
at his own wit—by the learned gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Evarts,] who displayed more
of Latin than of law in his argument, and more
of rhetoric than of logic, and more of intellect-
ual pyrotechnics than of either. [Laughter.]
But, Senators, 1 am not to be diverted by
these fireworks, by these Roman candles, by
these fiery flying serpents that are let off at
pleasure, and to order, by the accomplished
gentleman from New York, from the point
made here between the people and the Presi-
dent by his advocates. 1 stand upon the plain,
clear letter of the Constitution, which declares
that "the Senate shall have the sole power to
try all impeachments;'" that it necessarily in-
vests the Senate with the solo and exclusive
power to determine finally and forever every
issue of law and fact arising in the case. This
is one of those self evident propositions aris-
ing under the Constitution of the United States
of which Hamilton spoke in words clear and
strong, which must carry conviction to the
mind of every man, and which I beg leave to
read in the hearing of the Senate.
Said Hamilton, a man who was gifted by
Providence with one of those commanding
intellects, whose thoughts indelibly impressed
themselves wherever they fell:
"This is one of those truths which, to a correct and
unprejudiced mind, carries its own evidence along
with it, and may be obscured but cannot be made
plainer by argument or reasoning. It rests upon
axioms as simple as they are universal—the means
ought to be proportioned to the end; the persons
from whose agency the attainment of any end is ex-
pected ought to possess the means by which it is to
be attained."—Federalist, No. 23.
The end required by the letter of your Con-
stitution of the Senate of the United States is
that the Senate decide finally and for themselves
every issue of law and fact arising between the
people and their accused President. What
comes then, I want to know, Senators, of the
argument of the learned gentleman from New
York? The most significant lesson to be gath-
ered from'which is this: that the right way and
the effectual way by which a man may make
his speech immortal is to make it eternal.
[Laughter. ] What becomes of his long drawn-
out sentence hereabout the right of this accused
and guilty man, who stands this day clothed
with perjury as with a garment in the presence
of the people, to be heard first in the Supreme
Court of the United States before the Senate
shall proceed to trial and judgment? 'The
Senate is vested with the sole and exclusive
power to try this question, and the Supreme
Court of the United States has no more power
to intervene either before or after judgment in
the premises than has the Court of St. Peters-
burg ; and so the people of the United States,
I hesitate not to say, will hold.
Nevertheless, clear and manifest as this
proposition is, it has been insisted upon here
from the opening of this defense to its close by
all the counsel who have participated in the
discussion, that the Supremo Court is the final
arbiter for the decision of all questions arising
under the Constitution. I do not state the
proposition too broadly, Senators. My occu-
pations have been of such a nature from the
commencement of this tiial to this hour that I
have relied more upon my memory of what
counsel said than upon any reading which I
have given to their voluminous aiguments in
defense of the accused; but I venture to say
that the proposition is not more broadly
stated by me than it has been stated by them.
I submit to the Senate that the proposition
for the defense is not warranted by the Consti-
tution; that there are many questions arising
under the Constitution of the United States
which by no possibility can be considered as
original questions either in the Supreme Court
or in any other court of tho United States.
For example, my learned and accomplished
friend who honors me with his attention, and
represents the great and growing Common-
wealth of Illinois upon this floor, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] is here and is to remain here, not by
force of any decision which the Supreme Court
of the United States has made, or by force of
any decision which tho Supreme Court of the
United States may hereafter make. It is not
a question within their jurisdiction. Illinois
is one of those great Commonwealths which,
since the organization of the Cnnstitution and
within the memory of living men, have sprung
up from the shores of the beautiful Ohio away
to tho golden sands of California, girdling the
continent across with a cordon of free Common-
wealths under the direct operation of the Con-
stitution of the United States. The people by
that Constitution did provide that the Congress
shall have power to admit new States into the
Union, and when the Congress passed upon
the question whether the people of Illinois had
organized a government republican in form
and were entitled to assume their place in the
sisterhood of free Commonwealths the decis-
