1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
* off this tax. As has been shown here, from, the
encouragement given to the production of cot-
ton in other countries during the high prices
they are now able to produce it nearly as
cheaply as we can, and if the tax were con-
tinued it would encourage them to go on and
flood the market with cotton and drive our cot-
ton out; and the result would be that the pro-
duction of cotton would, in a great measure,
cease in this country and the large cotton-
planters would turn their attention to the pro-
duction of the cereals; they would plant corn
and wheat and other articles instead of cotton.
Well, now, I think that no calamity could
befall our country greater than thatwould be.
We want cotton as a matter of export to give
us exchange. We are continually importing
largely, entirely too largely, from foreign
countries. We must have something to settle
the balance, something to pay a portion of our
debts, and I will go as far as any man in this
House to encourage the production of cotton
soihat we may have a cotton crop to pay a
large portion of these debts without drawing so
largely on our gold and silver.
I therefore, with some reluctance, agreed to
take the tax off, and that is the reason why I
cannot go with my colleague from western
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,] who has offered
an amendment to reduce the tax to one cent.
I believe, from facts which have come to my
knowledge within a few days past, that even a
tax of one cent on cotton would to a certain
extent cripple the production of the article
and affect the coming crop. I am, therefore,
for taking the tax off entirely.
I now yield the remainder of my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Miller. J
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise mainly
to move to recommit this bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means, so that it maybe reported
with the general tax bill, in order that all sub-
jects of taxation may be considered together.
I see no hurry in considering this branch of
the subject at this time. I agree with the
committee who, through their chairman, [Mr.
Schexck,] reported this bill, that it should not
exempt the tax of the year 1867, for otherwise
it would open the door to all manner of frauds
on the Treasury to fill the pockets, not of the
honest producer, but that of the speculator.
As to the tax on cotton, I think Congress acted
wisely when it was imposed, and not, as the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] says,
"guilty of superlative folly." That gentle-
man recently returned from a pleasure trip to
Europe, and while there says he happened to
fall in with a company of gentlemen who were
engaged in the production of cotton in India,
and that these men in the conversation admit-
ted with admirable candor that in the course
of four or five years they hoped to establish
the cotton culture in India upon a firm basis
if the States, as they called us, would only
keep up the tax on cotton raised here. This
declaration of those foreigners I look upon as
intended as a kind of scare to us, and I do
not think they will find the American _ people
so easily frightened ; besides, what is> it to us
if they raise cotton in India, Egypt, Brazil,
&c.? We can find ample sale for all we can
raise ; and indeed I would prefer instead
of selling our cotton abroad in its raw state
that we manufacture it in our owi^ country ;
and if our manufacturing establishments hare
that protection afforded them which they de-
serve we can compete with the world. There is
no reason why we should send the raw material
to Europe and then purchase it back in a man-
ufactured state, with more than one hundred
per cent, added. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that
the day is not far distant when factories will
be established in every part of our southern
States. I do not want to be understood that I
desire any unfair discrimination against the
late rebellious States, but I would ask on
what are the $2?.,000,000 of tax now imposed
on cotton to be placed if this part of the rev-
enue law is to be repealed? Node of the gen-
tlemen who are so zealous for its repeal have
undertaken to inform us; and this satisfies me
the more how wrong it is to undertake to act
on this prior to reporting of the general tax bill.
When that is taken up, if we can exempt cot-
ton from tax without doing violence to other
interests of our country I will most cheerfully
vote for it, but I am opposed singling it out
at" this time as a special object of favor.
It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that cotton has
been the great monopoly of our country; in
fact it has been denominated as "king cotton."
In the late rebellion it was on the faith of that
article that the rebel confederacy was enabled
to obtain a large loan in Europe to sustain
them in carrying on tho war against our Gov-
ernment ; and as we have entailed upon the
country an enormous debt contracted to sus-
tain this Republic it is right and just that the
southern States should at least contribute a
portion to alleviate the northern States from
the heavy taxation imposed upon them. In
my opinion if we do not impose a small tax
upon cotton we will derive little or no revenue
from the southern States; for it is not very
likely that the speculators in cotton will return
any income for taxation. They will no doubt
manage in some way to elude it. I do not mean
the humble producer, but the large monop-
olies. I am sorry to say" if this bill is forced
to a vote at this time I will feel constrained
to vote against it, though I would be perfectly
willing to favor the reduction of the tax, and
perhaps to take it off altogether, if I could once
see what are the taxes intended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means upon other subjects
of taxation. I cannot go it blind on so import-
ant a subject; and therefore, Mr. Speaker, I
move to remit this bill to the committee with
instructions to report this subject of cotton with
thegeneral tax bill, hoping that when the whole
subject is before the House justice may be done
by imposing a tax fairly on all sections of our
country to raise the sum the Government may
require.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. I move to recommit this
bill with the pending amendments.
Mr. BURR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. PILE, who said: I desire to offer the
following amendment to the original bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
these words:
That on and after the pa?sase of this act the inter-
nal revenue tax of two and one half cents per pound
shall be removed from all raw cotton which shall up
to that time continue to ho tho property of and in
the possession of tho produeor thereof.
The SPEAKER. That amendment would
not be in order even if the motion to recom-
mit was not pending, because there is already
pending a substitute offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the bill by adding to it a section, as
follows:
And he it further cnacted. That the Court of Claims
shall not have or entertain jurisdiction of any claim
to recover back any tax paid or which may be paid
on cotton.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
being made, no further amendment to the btil
is now in order. And even should thatmotion
be withdrawn or voted down this amendment
would not be now in order. There is a sub-
stitute for the bill pending as well as an
amendment to the substitute. There is also an
amendment to the bill pending, offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,]
to reduce the tax on cotton to one cent per
pound instead of repealing it altogether. And
no amendment is in order but an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desired more
particularly to bring my amendment to the con-
sideration of the House with a view to offer it
whenever it shall be in order.
The SPEAKER. That amendment would
not be in order until all the pending amend-
ments shall have been disposed of. The gen-
tleman can move to amend the motion to re-
commit by addinginstructionsto thecommittee
to insert what he has read.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will make
that motion.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend the amend-
ment to the motion to recommit by instructing
the committee to substitute for the bill the
provision 1 read a few moments since.
Mr. BURB. In the limited space of five
minutes very little can be said by any one in
explanation of any vote he may propose to give
upon this subject. Whatever may have tfeen
the original necessity or policy of imposing the
tax of two and a half cents per pound upon
cotton, there seems to be at present an almost
uniform consent to release so much of cotton
as shall be raised hereafter from the operation
of that tax.
One gentleman yesterday designated the
imposition of this tax as a war measure. A11
agree that it was a measure for the purpose of
giving immediate financial relief to the Gov-
ernment. Now, I suggest that it is about time
for us to cease war measures, and give our
attention more to measures which shall make
for peace. An objection has been made to
relieving the present crop from the tax hereto-
fore imposed for the reason that a large pro-
portion of the crop of the present year, it is
alleged, has passed from the hands of the pro-
ducers and is now in the hands of speculators.
That may be a partial argument against reliev-
ing the present crop of tho burden of that tax.
But inasmuch as gentlemen have urged hereto-
.fore, and it is worthy of all. consideration, that
the producers are the men who ought to receive
the fostering care of the Government; and
inasmuch, further, according to the opinion of
all parlies a proportion at least of the crop of
the present year still remains in the hands of
producers, I am for extending to them, even
though they should have, as is alleged, oae
third only of the moneyed value of the crop so
produced, the whole measure of relief that I
would be in favor of extending under other
circumstances to all producers of cotton. I
therefore favor the amendment submitted by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
which amendment by ap immediate repeal
releases the present and all future crops of
cotton from this oppression and unequal
taxation.
It has been urge.d by those who oppose this
measureof relief that we are realizing from this
source of revenue annually ^23,000,000 whertf-
with to pay tho current expenses of the Gov-
ernment: and the question has been asked
from what source can we receive compensation
for the revenue which will be cut off by this
measure of relief? If this can be obtained
from no other source, I would suggest to hon-
orable gentlemen that, by turning their atten-
tion to measures of peace, by repealing the
military bills of the last session, they can save
in the current expenses of the Government
between one and two hundred million dollars
per annum. Hence there need be no objection
on the ground of loss of revenue to releasing
this productive branch of industry from the tax-
ation which is to-day crushing it to the earth.
| I would like, if time would permit, to pre-
j sent an additional reason why I shall favor tho
| most ladical measures in the direction of the
i repeal of this tax on cotton. I will refer simply
| to the fact that, in my judgment, this tax is in
■ violation of more than one provision of the
! Constitution of the United States. In that
instrument it is provided that (ino tax or duty
shall be laid on articles exported from any
State." This tax of two and a half cents per
pound on cotfon, without any provision in the
original act by which any drawback can be
realized on the article when exported either is
a ''tax" or a "duty;" and if it is either, it is
in violation of this clause of the Constitution,
inasmuch as cotton is an article exported from
several of the United States.
Furthermore, the Constitution provides that
" no capitation or other direct tax" (this I hold
to be a direct tax) '; shall be laid unless in pro-
portion to the census or enumeration herein-
before directed to be taken." As this is not a
tax laid in proportion to any census or enumer-
ation taken by the officers of the Government,
but is a tax upon a special branch of industry,
