THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
ion was final, and the judge of the Supreme
Court who dares to challenge the great seal of
the State of Illinois, which the gentleman rep-
resents, ought to be instantly ejected from his
place, which he would thereby dishonor and
disgrace, by the supreme power of the people
speaking and acting through the process of
impeachment.
It does not belong in any sense of the word
to the judicial power of the United States to
decide all questions arising under the Consti-
tution and laws. Wiry, according to this logic,
the Supreme Court would come to sit in judg-
ment at last upon the power given exclusively to
each House to judge of the election and quali-
fication of its own members. Senators, the
judicial power of the United States is entitled
to all respeetand to all consideration here and
everywhere else; but that judicial power, as
is well known to Senators, is defined and
limited by the terms of the Constitution, and
beyond those limitations or outside of those
grants that tribunal cannot go. 1 read from
the Constitution the provision in answer to
the argument of the gentleman touching the
judicial power of the United States:
" The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supremo Court, ;md in such inlerior
courts as the Congress may t'iuiu time to time oidaiu
and establish." "■ * "■ * *
" The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in
law and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which
shall be made, under their authority; to all eases
aiiecting embassadors, other public ministers, and
conaiils ; to all eases of admiralty and mant line jui is-
diction; to controversies to wtuch the United States
shall be a paity; to controversies between two or
more States; between aStateand citizens ot another
State; between citizens ot different States; between
citizens ot the same Stat e el.i 1111111 jr lands under gi ants
of different States, and between a State, or the citi-
zens thereof, and foreign States, citizens or subjects."
"In all eases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls, and those in which a Slate
shall be a parly, the Supreme Court shall have oil-
ginal juiisdiction. I11 all the other co^e.i bet'ororaen-
tioned the Supieme Couitshall have appellatejuris-
dieJion, both as to law and tact, with snob exceptions
and under such regulations as the Congress shall
make."—(bmtitution, ai t tele 3.
As I said before, inasmuch as the Senate of
the United States has the sole power to try all
impeachments, and therefore the exclusive
power to finally determine all questionsarising
therein, it results that its decisions can neither
be restricted by judgments in advance, made
by either the Supreme Court or any other court
of the United States, nor can the iinal judgment
of the Senate upon impeachment be subjected
to review by the civil courts of the United States
or to reversal by executive pardon. So it is
written in the Constitution, that the pardoning
power shall not extend to impeachments. Im-
peachment is not a ease in " law or equity,"
within the meaning of the terms as employed
in the third article of the Constitution, which
I have just read. It is in 110 sense a case
within the general judicial power of the United
States.
Senators, no one is either bold enough or
weak enough to stand in the presence of the
Senate of the United States and clearly and
openly proclaim and avow that the Supreme
Court has the power to try impeachments. |
Nevertheless, the position assumed in this j
defense for the accused that he may suspend I
the laws, dispense with their execution, and j
interpret and construe the Constitution for
himself to the hurt of the Republic, without j
peri] to liis official position, if he accompanies >
it either at the time or after the fact with a !
statement that his only object in violating the i
Constitution or in suspending the laws and dis- j
peusing with their execution was to obtain at j
some future day a judicial construction of the |
one or a judicial decision upon the validity of
the other, the Senate is not to hold him to
answer upon impeachment fur high crimes and
misdemeanors, does involve the proposition,
and no man can get away from it, that the
courts at last have a supervising power over
this unlimited and unrestricted power of im-
peachment vested by the people in the House
of Representati\ es, and this unrestricted power
to try all impeachments vested by the people
in the Senate. On this proposition I am will-
ing to stand, defying any man here or else-
where to challenge it successfully. The posi-
tion assumed by the accused means that or it
means nothing. If it does not mean that it is
like unto—
"A tale told by an idiot.
Full of sound and fury, signifying nothing."
Just nothing. Now, I ask you, Senators,
what colorable excuse is there for presenting
any such monstrous proposition as this to the
consideration of the Senate of the United
States? I think myself in this presence justi-
fied in reiterating the words of John Marshall
upon one occasion, that it is reasonable to
presume that the Senate knows something.
The original jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the United States cannot by any pos-
sibility extend to a ease of impeachment. Sen-
ators will please remember the text of the Con-
stitution which I have just read, that the original
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United
States is by the express letter of the Constitu-
tion restricted to foreign embassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls, and to cases in
which a State may be a party. The accused
is not a foreign embassador ; the accused is
not a foreign minister; the accused is not a
consul; and the accused is not as yet, thank
God, "the State." Therefore, the accused is
not within the original jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
When the gentlemen were dwelling so learn-
edly and so long upon this question, and read-
ing from the great case of Marbury vs. Madi-
son. they ought to have remembered that the
Chief Justice who pronounced that decision,
and whose intellect, full-orbed, shed a steady
and luminous light on the jurisprudence of the
country for a third of a century, declared, what
110 man has since questioned, that the orginal
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court as defined
in this text of the Constitution could neither
be enlarged nor restricted by congressional
enactment. These gentlemen ought to have
remembered, further, when they invoked the
intervention of the Supreme Court or any other
court, between the people and this accused
President, that the appellate jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court, by numerous decisions,
depends exclusively under the Constitution
upon the will of Congress. It results, (here-
fore, that they must go to some other tribunal
for the settlement of this great question between
the people and the President, unless Congress
chooses to let them go to the Supreme Court
by a special enactment for their benefit. The
appellatejurisdiction, Senators, oftheSupreme
Court as defined in the Constitution by words
clear and plain and incapable of any misunder-
standing or misconstruction, exclude the con-
clusion that a case of impeachment can by any
possibility be within the jurisdiction of any of
the courts of the United States, either its dis-
trict, its circuit, or its Supreme Court. The
Senate will notice that by tiie terms of the
Constitution the appellate jurisdiction from
the district and circuit courts is limited to the
cases in law and equity and the other cases
named in the Constitution, none of which em-
brace a case of impeachment.
There is, therefore, Senators, 110 room for
invoicing the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States upon any question touching
the liability of the President to answer upon
impeachment by the people's Representatives
at the bar ot the Senate. What excuse, there-
fore, I ask, is there for the pretense that the
President may set aside and dispense with the
execution of the laws, all or any of them, en-
acted by the Congress under the pretext of
defending the Constitution by invoking a judi-
cial inquiry in the courts of the United States.
Be ir, known, Senators, that but two ques-
tions which by possibility could become the
subject of judicial decision, have been raised
by the learned and astute counsel who have
attempted to make this defense. The first is
that the heads of Departments are the mere
registering secretaries of the President of the
United States, and are bound to recognize his
will as their sworn duty. I deny that propo-
sition; and I thinkthatthe learned gentleman
from New York did well, remarkably well, as
he does everything well, to quote in advance
for our instruction when we should come to
reply to him upon this point, those divine
words of the great Apostle to the Gentiles,
wherein he speaks of charity as long patient
and suffering. It required a charity, Senators,
broader than the charity of the Gospel, to sit
patiently by and hear these gentlemen invoke
the decision of the Supreme Court upon either
of the questions involved in this issue, when
we knew that these gentlemen, overflowing as
they manifestly are with all learning, ancient
and modern, the learning of the dead as well
as the learning of the living, knew right well
that the Supreme Court of the United States
had solemnly decided both questions against
them.
Now for the proof. As to the obligation of
the heads of the Departments to learn their
duty under the law through the will of an Ex-
ecutive, the Senate will remember that the
learned gentleman from New York handled
the great case of Marbury vs. Madison with
wondrous skill and dexterity. He look care,
however, not to quote that part of the decision
which absolutely settles this question as to the
obligation of the Secretaries to respond to the
will of the Executive in questions of law ; he
took care not to quote it, and to keep it in the
back ground. Perhaps, Senators, he assumed
that he knew all that the poor Managers of the
House knew about this case, and then he knew
all that he knew besides, gathered from Taci-
tus, if you please, and from the plnllipics of
Cicero against Cataline and from that speech
of his in defense of Milo, which it happens he
never made until after poor Milo was convicted
and banished and was heard to cry out in tbo
agony of his soul if he had made that speech
fur him on the trial, "I would not be to-day
here in Marseilles eating mullets." Laughter.]
I read now in the hearing of the Senate the
decision of Chief Justice Marshall in the case
of Marbury vs. Madison, touching this alleged
obligation of the heads of Departments to take
the will of the Executive as their law. Mar-
shall says 011 page 158 of 1 Cranch :
"It is the duty of the Secretary of State to conform
to the law. and 111 this be is an officer of the United
Stales, bound to obey the laws. He acts in this re-
spect, 11s has been very properly stated at the bar,
under the authority of law and not by the instruc-
tions of the President."
If he should disobey the law, does it not
logically result that the President's commands
cannot excuse him ; that the people might well
depose him from his office whether the Presi-
dent willed it or not? It only illustrates the
proposition with which I started out, that
neither the President nor his Secretaries are
above the Constitution or above the laws which
the people enact.
As for the other proposition, Senators, at-
tempted to be set up here for this accused and
guilty President, that he may, with impunity,
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, interpret the Constitution and sit in
judicial judgment, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Curtis] urged it, upon the valid-
ity of your laws, that question has also been
ruled in the Supreme Court of the United
States, and from that hour to this has never
been challenged. Although an attempt was
made to drag the illustrious name of the Chief
Justice who presides, under the Constitution,
at this moment over this deliberative and judi-
cial assembly, to their help, it was made in
vain, as I shall show before I have done with
this argument. I say that the position assumed
for the President by all his counsel that he is
to judicially interpret the Constitution for him-
self; that he is to judicially determine the
validity of laws, and execute them or suspend
them and dispense with their execution at his
pleasure and defy the power of the people to
bring him to trial and judgment, was settled
against him thirty years ago by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that decision
has never been questioned since by any authori-
tative writer upon your Constitution or by any
