1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3468
same committee to report back the petition of
late officers in the volunteer service praying
that all officers of volunteers below the rank
of brigadier general who were in service on
the 3d day of March, 1865, and who were hon-
orably discharged after April 9, 1865, may be
allowed the three months' pay proper. I desire
to attract the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to this petition.
It seems that it was referred to that committee
and reported by them back to the Senate, and
that committee was discharged from its con-
sideration and it was sent to the Committee on
Claims. Evidently it is not a subject proper for
the consideration of the Committee on Claims.
It proposes to incorporate a new principle into
a general law. There is no special claim on the
face of it: it is a question of principle whether
the law should be amended in a certain partic-
ular so as to reach a class of officers every-
where, without specifying any one in partic-
ular. I therefore ask leave, being so instructed
by the Committee on Claims, to report it back
to the Senate, and move that it be referred
again to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. Ii. No. 818) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1869, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (EL It. No. 1129) for the relief of the widow
and children of Colonel James A. Mulligau,
deceased, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report 5 which was ordered to be
printed.
WAGON-ROADS IN DAKOTA TERRITORY.
Mr. FERRY. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R.
No. 650) to amend the act of 3d March, 1805,
providing for the construction of certain wagon-
roads in Dakota Territory, have instructed nie
to report it back without amendment, with a
recommendation that it pass. I desire to place
the bill ou its passage now. I think it will
create no discussion when I make a brief state-
ment in regard to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it ?
Mr. FERR\ . The same bill that was before
us some time ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Connecticut asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider the bill just
reported by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted. &cThat the unexpended balance of
an appropriation rnado March 3, 1865, for the con-
struction of certain wagon-roads in the Territory of
Dakota, or so much thereof as may be necc?sary, be,
and the same is hereby, applied to the completion of
the bridge over the Dakota river, on the line of the
Government road leading from Sioux City, in the
State of Iowa, to the mouth of the Cheyenne river,
in Dakota Territory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better lie
over. That bill has been passed once with an
amendment.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will listen to
me for one moment, I think he will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill was passed, and
sent to the House, and was then brought back
here again on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. The bill was reported some
time ago, and an amendment was made to it,
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
based upon a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, stating the expense of the
projected bridge. Upon the bill going to the
House it was ascertained that the Secretary of
the Interior had made a mistake as to the
bridge which was contemplated in this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill lie over until
to-morrow, and I will look into it, and then I
shall have no objection to it, probably.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will go over, objection being made to its con-
sideration.
LOSSES OF SUPPLIES.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following res-
olution j which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
JResolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform the Senate what amount of Government sup-
plies, in quantity and value, in the quartermaster
and commissary departments, have been lost in
transit by the sinking of. or by other injury to steam-
boats on the Missouri river, below Omaha,Nebraska,
during the years 1S66, 1867, and 1N68.
REMOVAL OF OAUSKS FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 402) providing for the removal of certain
causes from the State courts to the United
States courts, and fox other purposes—a bill
of a good deal of consequence practically that
1 hope may be taken up and passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have reported the bill
with an amendment in the mature of a substi-
tute, and the substitute only will he read
unless the reading of the original bill is called
for by some Senator.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and to insert in
lieu thereof the following :
That whenever any civil or criminal suit (whether
commenced before or after the passage of this act)
may bo pending in any court of any State against
any person, in which suit such person shall intend to
make any defense based upon the authority ot any
law of the United States, or upon the authority of
any department of the Government thereof, or upon
the authority of any officer acting under any such
law or department, or upon any right exercised
under, or title held in behalf ot the United States,
such person may, at any time before the final trial in
such suit, in person or by his attorney, tile a petition
in such suit, stating the fact of such intention to
make defense as aforesaid, and the general tenor
thereof, verified by affidavit, and praying for the
removal of such suit for trial into the circuit court
of the United States for the district in which such
suit may be pending; and thereupon, upon the offer-
ing by or in behalf of such person of suthcient surety
for his filing in such oheuit court at its then existing
term, or on the first day of its next term, copies of
the process and pleadings in such suit, and also for
ins appearing m such court and entering special bail
in such suit, if special bail was originally given
therein, it shall be the duty of such State court to
accept the surety and proceed no further with such
suit, and the bail that shall have been originally
taken shall be discharged. And such copios being
filed, as aforesaid, in such circuitcourt, the suit shall
proceed therein in all things as piovided in and
subject to all the provisions of section five of the act
of Congress approved March 3, A. D. 1863, entitled
"An act relating to habeas corpu*, and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases." And if any
such State court shall neglect or roluse to carry out
the provisions of this act, every such suit may be
removed to such circuit court by writ of certiorari
issuing out of such circuit court, in the manner pro-
vided by the third section of the act of Congress
approved March 2, A. D. 1833, entitled An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports.*' _ ,
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho provis-
ions of said fifth section of said first-mentioned act,
relating to appeals and writs of error from such State
court, shall apply and extend to all cases tried in such
State courtin which a defense shall have been set up or
relied upon based upon any of the matters mentioned
in the preceding section of this act. And any suit
described in the preceding section of this act, and in
which final judgment shall be rendered in the circuit
court of tho United States, may be carried by writ of
error to the Supreme Couit without regard to tho
amount in controversy.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any officer
under the United States shall be unlawfully impeded
or hindered in the performance of his official duty,
or shall be unlawfully assaulted or beaten, or shall
have his property unlawfully taken, injured, or de-
stroyed while engaged in the performance of his offi-
cial duty, he shall be entitled to sue therefor in thecir-
cuit court of the United States in the district in which
such cause of action shall havo arisen, or in which
the defendant in such action shall reside or may be
found: Provided, That the damages claimed therefor
in good faith shall be $500 or upward.
Sec. 4. And be 'it further enacted, That if any person
shall willfully and unlawfully impede,hinder, assault,
or beat any officer under the United States, or shall
willfully and unlawfully injure or destroy the prop -
erty of any such officer, every such person so offend-
ing shall, on conviction thereof, he punished by a
fine not exceeding $5,000, and by imprisonment not
exceeding five years; and if the death of any such
officer shall happen from any such assault or battery
the person guilty of such assault or battery shall bo
decmcu and held guilty of murder, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, suffer death.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill and the amendment
are important, and I move that the bill lie ou
the table for the present, so that members of
the Senate may have an opportunity of making
a caietul examination of the amendment, and
may know exactly what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to my friend
from Kentucky not to make that motion. I
will assure him that there is practically noth-
ing new in this bill, which merely consolidates
the prior acts, except this: that it enables the
United States officers to remove internal rev-
enue cases, and marshals to remove cases in
which they are sued, in regard to which the
present laws are defective. That practically
covers all the change in the law that is really
made, although on the face of it this bill ap-
plies to all officers of the United States, for
the purpose of consolidating into one the
statutes in relation to removals. With this
explanation I hope iny friend will permit the
bill to be considered now.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from Vermont to consent that the bill shall go
over until to-morrow that we may have an
opportunity of looking into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing motion is to lay the bill on the table, and
it is not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS. No ; I do not move to lay it
on the table; I simply move to postpone it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will withdraw that motion I will make a motion
that perhaps the Senate will agree to, and that
is to postpone all prior orders and proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday, being House bill No. 605.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed tho consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 605) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Sherman, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to insert after line five hun-
dred and fifty-seven the following clause :
"For temporary clerks in the Treasury Department,
$150,000: Provided, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion,
to classify the clerks according to the character of
their services.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that the
Senate desire any farther information; but I
have taken pains to ascertain where these tem-
porary clerks are assigned; and I have the
written statement of the different officers among
whose bureaus they are assigned that they are
necessary to the public service. The general
debate that occurred yesterday might, perhaps,
mislead Senators, and cause them to suppose
that these officers are not necessary. They are
necessary. There are sixty-three of these tem-
porary clerks in the Second Auditor's office.
I presume they are all engaged on the bounty
business. There are twenty three employed
in the Second Comptroller's office; four in
ths First Comptroller's office; fifteen in the
Third Auditor's office; thirteen in the Fifth
Auditor's office ; twenty-five in the Sixth Aud-
itor's office ; five in the Solicitor's office ; and
forty-six in the Secretary's office. The total
appropriation now provided for temporary
clerks is $100,000 more than we have allowed.
We have only allowed $150,000 instead of
$250,000, the amount of the two items on the
subject in the bill of last year. I am satisfied
now, after examination, that to discharge any
of these clerks at present would be a serious
embarrassment to the public business. I do
not wish to enlarge on this matter, because I
