1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
the registered voters in each congressional dis-
trict as they existed at the beginning of 1860,
for instance, may vote for a member of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offered the amendment
in such shape as to leave the convention to
frame an apportionment, and did not propose
to go into details, because some of these States
are now entitled to more members of Congress
than they had under the previous apportion-
ment, and in many of these States they have
had no apportionment under the census of 1860.
Hence the matter must be left to the conven-
tions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the object is to make
an election at large in these States of members
of Congress, so that they vote at large for a
certain number to which the State may be sup-
posed to be entitled, that would be one thing;
but! can scarcely suppose that to be the object.
If that be not the object, then they must vote by
congressional districts, and it is a very serious
question with me whether we can depute to
the constitutional convention or any other body
of men the ascertainment of the congressional
districts by which they shall vote. We ought
to take either one horn of the dilemma or the
other. Of course, as we have done, we may
allow members of Congress to be elected at
large; but if wo do not do that it appears to
me we ought to prescribe the districts which
shall elect members of Congress, and require
the registered voters of each district to vote
in their own district; and then, having done
that, it will be easy enough to provide in this
amendment, by striking out a few of the last
w.ords, that the election officers shall certify
the returns, but that the commanding general,
whoever it may be, shall give the final certifi-
cate upon the collation of the returns from the
district. As it reads now, it certainly seems
to me to require a kind of multitudinous cer-
tificate from a great many different officers to
one single member of Congress. That is the
way it strikes me; but of course I have not
had an opportunity to look over it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the criticism of
the Senator from Vermont is a just one. It
would involve a difficulty to require the per-
sons who enumerate and certify the votes cast
to give certificates of election, because there
will be a great many of those, and the section
will be complete if the Senator from Ohio will
strike out the last two lines. This election is
to be held under the direction of the conven-
tion, and the certificates of election are usually
given by the Governor of the State. Let the
conventions provide for them, and they will
ascertain the proper way of giving a certificate.
Let the officers certify the numher of votes and
of course, if the conventions provide for the
election at all, they will provide for the proper
way of certifying the result. I think the usual
practice is for a member of Congress to obtain
a certificate of election from the Governor of
his State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, that is the
practice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify the amend-
ment at the suggestion of the Senator from
Illinois, by striking out the last clause of it. I
think that would be the legal effect of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the Chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio will be read as modified.
The Secretary read as follows :
And be it further enacted. That the constitutional
convention of any of the States mentioned in the
acts to which this is amendatory may provide that at
the time of voting upon the ratification of the con-
stitution the registered voters mayvote also for inem-
bers of the Houxe of Representatives of the United
States and for all elective officers provided for by the
said constitution; and the tame election officers who
shall make a return of the votes east on tho ratifica-
tion or lelection of the constitution shall enumerate
and certify the votes east for members of Congress.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this
amendment takes me by surprise. I observed
that the committee had struck out the second
section of the House bill, which provided for the
holding of elections for members of Congress,
and our attention was called only to the matter
contained m italics in the printed bill, reported
by them as an amendment, consisting of a
single section. Now, the Senator from Ohio
proposes in another form to attain the object
intended by the second section of the House
bill. He proposes, as I understand, to author-
ize the members of the constitutional conven-
tions to order elections for members of Con-
gres and other officers if they choose. If I
had known that such a proposition was to be
presented for consideration I would have pre-
pared for the action of the Senate an amend-
ment calling attention to a much more import-
ant question than any one contained in this
bill; and that is, the mode in which those mem-
bers shall be selected. I think if the Senate
will bestow its attention to the proposition
which has been so much debated abroad, and
has to some extent become understood in Con-
gress and in our country—I mean a reform in
the mode in which representatives shall be
elected—they would embrace this opportunity
to incorporate it in the present bill, and to
secure at least a commencement of a much
needed, if not an indispensable, reform in our
political system generally.
By a simple provision authorizing the elec-
tion of members of Congress in these several
States according to the principle of the cumu-
lative vote you will secure a representation of
the political community in each State exactly
according to its relative weight, and you will
have removed from this system of reconstruc-
tion or reorganization a large part of those
practical mischief's and evils which will attach
to it without such an amendment. You will
doubtless recommend it very largely to those
who object to it. You will make it operate
equally and fairly upon those communities, and
at the same time secure, as far as our Govern-
ment is concerned, a much more satisfactory
condition of things in that section.
I am unable at present to present such an
amendment, because it would require some
leisure to prepare it. I would propose that in
the State of Georgia, for instance, where seven
members are to be elccted, each elcctor shall
possess as many votes as the State is entitled
to members of Congress, and that he may be-
stow his votes upon the whole number of can-
didates to which the State is entitled, giving
one to each, or he may bestow them upon one
half the number, or upon any other number
less than the whole. The practical result
would be that in a political division among
those who are called upon to exercise the right
of suffrage they can bestow their votes so that
each interest will get its due share of repre-
sentatives, and the opposite party cannot pre-
vent their election.
Of course I am not now proposing to enter
upon this argument. If, however, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio shall be put
upon this biil at its present stage, I shall pre-
pare such an amendment and call the atten-
tion of Senators to the subject when the bill is
in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. My only object in offer-
ing this amendment was to simplify the pro-
cess of reconstruction, so that when Congress
passes upon the constitution of each recon-
structed State we may have a full-fledged
State, and not send the matter back again to
be the subject of contest at a future election.
I suppose, as a matter of course, my friend
from Pennsylvania will cooperate in this idea,
because this simplifies the matter and will
leave the organization of the new State gov-
ernment dependent upon no contingency what-
ever, except the approval by Congress of the
constitution submitted to tlicni in pursuance
of the reconstruction acts. That, I believe, has
been the general course adopted in several of
the States who have provided by their conven-
tions for the election of State, county, and
general public offices; but there is some doubt
whether, under the reconstruction acts, they
can do this.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What objection can
there be to permitting these conventions to
hold their elections for members of Congress
for tho whole State, instead of binding them
to a particular district? We can recall our
legislation as far as those districts are con-
cerned, and allow them to choose in an im-
proved manner.
Mr. SHER.MAN. There is no legislation
that I am aware of requiring elections to be in
districts. The whole matter is left to the con-
ventions. Some Senator proposed to limit the
election of members of Congress to the exist-
ing districts; but there are no existing con-
gressional districts in these States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will remem-
ber that a general act of Congress requires the
election of Representatives to be by single dis-
^Mr. SHERMAN. Then "the conventions
will make those districts, because there are
none now under existing legislation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What I wantis to have
the election without districts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in a
moment. There is no division of these States
now into congressional districts for this Con-
gress, because the rebellion occurred imme-
diately after the census was taken in 1860, and
before there was time to apportion these States
according to the law of Congress founded on
that census. It is therefore necessarily left to
the conventions to provide for the election of
members of Congress, and I propose that the
election shall be held at the same time that the
ratification of the constitution is submitted to
avoid delay.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to suggest
that the apportionment -was made, and made
by law, and tho law applied to the States of
the South just as much as the States of the
North.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not
understand me. I am talking to the Senator
from Pennsylvania. The Senator from Wis-
consin does not understand me. I say that
while Congress provided for an apportionment,
assigning to each State its proper number of
members, yet the States which are now recon-
structing never divided themselves into con-
gressional districts in accordance with the act
of Congress. Wo all know that; because they
went into rebellion before they had the oppor-
tunity to do it.
Mr. WILSON. Most of them have bad
Legislatures since, and they have districted the
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where the Legislatures
organized under the Johnson plan subdivided
the Slates into districts this amendment does
not affect it.
The objection I have to putting in this bill a
provision for what is called the cumulative
plan of voting is to attempting to apply it in a
community in the condition of those southern
States. I am rather pleased with the idea,
and have always listened with pleasure to the
remarks, of my friend from Pennsylvania in
regard to the cumulative system of voting, by
which minorities may be represented. In an
old and established community like the New
England States or the middle States I should
like very much to see the experiment tried.
In England it would undoubtedly be avast im-
provement on their system, and has been rec-
ommended by some of the greatest men that
country has produced. I should like to see it
tried in some of the old, well-established States,
where they have a system of registry, where
there is no danger of election frauds; but it
would be manifestly impossible to try a new,
perhaps not complex, but at least novel, system
in these States, which are in a condition almost
of chaos. It would take them at least two
years to understand what it means. ^ In old
communities they would understand it imme-
diately, because they are accustomed to elec-
tions ; but the large body of the people who
will vote at these elections are very ignorant—
scarcely know yet what the ballot is. I am
sorry for it; but it is so. The Senator from
Indiana says some of these people do not know
their names. That is their condition of ignor-
ance. It is not their fault; it is the result of
