1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4487
Ifc is proper to say that various persons have
from time to time laid claim to portions of this
reservation under the fbllowingacts: April 12,
1814, page 121, and act ot* February 17? 1815,
page2ll, volume three, UnitedStates Statutes;
act of May 29, 1830, page 429, and of* July 14,
1832; page G03? volume four ; and act of March
1, 1843, page 003, volume five, United States
Statutes. No one of these claimants have ever
been recognized by any Department of the
Government.
The several claimants to t'lie Hot Springs,
"whose conflicting claims have been urged from
time to time are:
1. The claim of Rector, assignee of Langlais,
upon a certificate, No. 467, issued by the re-
corder under the act of February 17, 1815, for
the relief of the sufferers by the earthquake at
New Madrid.
2. The claim for Hale, for heirs Perciful, for
a preemption under the act of April 12, 1814.
3. The claim of heirs of Beldin for a pre-
emption under the act of May 29, 1830.
Now, if either of these parties have any valid
claim to these lands, neither the people of
Arkansas, who iu convention have memorial-
ized, nor her Representatives, who unanimously
ask the public sale of this reservation, either
desire or would consent to it.
In order to a correct determination of the
respective claims, let us recur to the acts under
■which these parties claim. The first section
of the New Madrid act, under which Rector,
assignee of Langlais, claims, provides—
" That any person or persons owning lands in the
county of New jVl.nlrid, in the Missouri Territory,"
* * * * " and whoso lands have been mate-
rially injured by earthquake shall be, and they
hereby arc, authorized to locate the like quantity
of land on any ot the public lauds of the said Terri-
tory, the sale of which is authorized by law."—
uteirul-Lnrye, p. 211.
Now, these lands were not ceded to the Uni-
ted States by the Qua-Paw Indians until the
24th of August, 1818. So they could not be
considered as lands the sale of which was
authorized by law under the New Madrid act
of 1815.
Mr. Attorney General "Wirt long since ruled
that the words in an act of Congress authoriz-
ing preemption of lands—(i the sale of which is
authorized by law'1—excludes the right of pre-
emption from all lands the sale of which has
not been authorized by law at the date of the
preemption act. However this may be there
is no evidence of survey and location under
the act of 1815 by Langlais or his legal rep-
resentatives until 1838, six years subsequent
to these reservations from sale by the United
States.
Mr. Secretary Stewart in 1851 rendered an
opinion against all the claimants, and was reas-
oned out in a decision which cuts out alike
Langlais, Rector, Hale, and Beldin. It ad-
judges on full consideration that their claims
were wholly invalid in the face of the actreserv-
ing the Hot Springs to the use of the United
States.
In 1854, the whole matter having again been
brought before the Interior Department, Mr.
McClelland, then Secretary, rendered a decis-
ion against each and all the claimants.
The opinion of Mr. McClelland having been
in 1854 submitted to Mr. Attorney General
Cushing, and the whole matter having been
considered, he concludes his opinion as fol-
lows :
" The decision of Mr. Stewart that none of these
partiesbavea validclaim to the Hot Springs waseor-
recfc, and ought to st.md as the determination of the
Department."—Attorney GeneraVs Opinions, vol. 6,
p. 711.
The matter having been again brought before
Mr. Secretary Thompson, that officer in I860
concurred in the decisions of his predecessors,
and concludes his decision as follows:
"This case having been repeatedly brought before
this Department and fully considered, and the sev-
eral claims to the land having been repeatedly re-
jected tor reasons which have been concurred m by
each succeeding head of the Department through a
series of >eai>, I think the time has now arrived at
which Hisno longer proper to delay a vindication of
the position of the Department by appropriate action.
" The entry of Beldin's heirs should therefore now
be canceled, the invalidity of all the subsistingclaims
to this section be declared,and the land heldsubject
to such disposal as Congress may see fit to direct
should be made of the same."
After the decision of Mr. Secretary Stewart
rejecting all these claims to the Hot Springs
and asserting the title of the United States
against them all, he allowed an entry to be
made in behalf of Beldin, the object of which
was to enable him to commence an action of
ejectment under the statutes of Arkansas,
which provides that the action may be main-
tained in all cases where the plaintiff claims
the possession of the premises under or by
virtue of, first, an entry with the register and
receiver of the Public Land Office of the Uni-
ted States. Second, a preemption right under
the laws of the United States. (Stat, of Ark.,
ch. 53, sec. 2, p. 344.) Mr. Attorney General
Cushing, says :
" It is edifying to fee actions of ejectmenthavingfor
their'purposc to dispute the title to parcels ot the pub-
lic domain between parties none ot whom pretend any-
thing but an equitable interest, and neither of whom
has in fact any title as against the United States,
legal or equitable. The parties may cject one another
ad libitum,' and the party prevailing may thus get
up a fallacious appcaranceor semblance of title, but
the fee still remains in the United States, for Con-
gress alone has the power to declaro the rule ot titles
to the public domain; it has accoidingly declared a
patent to bo thcsupcriorconclusive evulenccoftitle;
and until that issues the fee is in the Government.
This being the cosfi it is matter of great considera-
tion whether the Government of the United States
ought not to intervene.in someway, itself to defend
its own rights which may be seriously prejudiced."
The State of Arkansas has asked that this
reservation may be disposed of as indicated in
the following memorial of her convention,
which is substantially what is asked by the
terms of this bill:
Memorial totlu> Conqretst of the United S'fates, for the
uu'ilic sale of the Hot Spring reservation in the State
ot Arkansas.
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress assembled :
Your memorialists, the constitutional convention
of the State of Arkansas, respectfully represent that
the public reservation known as the Hot Spring res-
ervation, comprising all that portion of the public
domain situated in section twenty-eight, twenty-
nine, thirty-two, thirty-three, in township two south;
and four and five, in township three, south of tango
nineteen, west, in the State of Arkansas, is now held
and occupied without color of title, by various per-
sons whose claims have never been acknowledged
by the United States Government; that the public
interest and humanity require that said Springs be
made available for public use; and the welfare and
settlement ot the State is in a great measuie depen-
dent upon it, We would, therefore, ask that the
same be sold, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, to the highest bidder or bidders for
cash, after having been laid out into streets, blocks,
and lots or parcels of ground, of such form and area
as will best facilitate the construction of a town.
That the proceeds arising from the sale of the same
be invented iu United States securities, and held in
trust until otherwise provided by law ; and that the
accruing interest upon said securities bo applied to
the common-school fund for tho education of all
the children of the State, And your memorialists
will ever pray.
Adopted February G, 1868.
Let the Government assert her right, as her
law officer has advised, and dispose of this
property as asked bjr this memorial, and the
day is not far distant when a great city will
rise on this mountain slope which will be the
Baden-Baden of America.
Here, where the salubrity of the climate is
unsurpassed, especially in the summer season,
and where the long genial twilights are inspir-
ingly refreshing, will come the pleasure seek-
ers from all parts of the world, and here will
resort from year to year the millions of afflicted
from all lands to be healed of their many
infirmities.
Appropriate the annual accruing interest
arising from the securely invested proceeds of
the sale of these lands in the education of all
the children of the State, and in after years ail
educated and enlightened people will rise up
and call you blessed.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. '
ALASKA TERMTOKT.
The next business oil the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 619 to extend the laws of
the United States relating to customs, com-
merce, and navigation over the territory ceded
to the United States by Russia, to establish a
collection district therein, and for other pur-
poses; which was read'a first and second time.
The bill extends the laws of the United States
relating to customs, commerce, and navigation
to and over all the mainland, islands, and waters
of the territory ceded to the United States by
the emperor of .Russia by treaty concluded at
Washington on the 30th day of March, 1867,
so far as the same may be applicable thereto.
Section two constitutes the said territory, with
its ports, harbors, bays, rivers, and waters,
a customs-collection district, to be called the
district of Alaska, for which said district a port
of entry shall be established at some convenient
point to be designated by the- President, at or
near the town of Sitka or New Archangel, and
a collector of customs shall be appointed who
shall reside at the said port of entry, and who
shall receive an annual salary of §2,500 in addi-
tion to the usual legal fees and emoluments of
the office. But his entire compensation shall
not exceed $4,000 per annum, or a propor-
tionate sum for a less period of time. Section
three authorizes regulations to be prescribed for
the nationalization of vessels owned by actual
residents of said territory on or since the 20th of
June, 1807. Section four empowers the Presi-
dent to restrict and regulate or to prohibit the
importation and use of fire-arms, ammunition,
and distilled spirits into and within the said ter-
ritory, and prescribes penalties for the violation
of said regulations. Section five provides that
the coasting trade between the said territory and
any other portion of the United States shall be
regulated in accordance with the provisions of
law applicable to such trade between any two
great districts. Section six empowers the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with the approval of the
President, to prescribe such rules and regula-
tions as he may think proper in relation to the
preservation of fur-bearing animals from indis-
criminate destruction, provided that no spe-
cial privilege shall be granted under this act.
Section seven provides for the prosecution of
violations of this act and of the several laws
hereby extended to the said territory and the
waters thereof, committed within the limits of
the same, in any district court of the United
States in California or Oregon or in the district
courts of Washington. Section eight authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to remit fines,
penalties, and forfeitures. Section nine provides
for the establishment of bonded warehouses.
Section ten appropriates the sum of $2">,000
to carry this act into effect and meet the
expenses of collecting the customs revenue in
the territorv.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to
move to amend the bill by striking out all after
the enacting clause in section six, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons
to kill any otter, mink, marten, sable, fur-seal, or
other fur-bearing animals within the limits ol' said
territory, or in the waters thereof; and any person
guilty thereof fahall, for each offense, on conviction,
be fined in any sum not less than S2UU nor more than
61,000, or imprisoned not more than six months, or
both, at the discretion of the eourt; and all vessels,
their tackle, apparel, furniture, and cargo, iound
engaged in violation of this act, shall be forfeited:
Provideij. That tho Secretary ot the Treasury shall
have power to authorise the killing of any such otter,
mink, marten, or other lur-bearmg animals, except
fur-se.ils, under such regulations as he may pre-
scribe; and it shall be the duty ot the said Secretary
to prevent the killing of any fur seal, and to pro-
vide for tho execution of the juovisioiis-of this sec-
tion until it shall be utherwise provided by law.
Mr. DELANO. I call attention to the sixth
section, which seems to Jeave the fur trade
entirely at tli« disposal of the Secretary 01 the
Treasury, thereby making it subject to such
jobs as lie may farm out.
