3464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jim#W,
feel not the slightest interest in it. If the Sen-
ate thinks the Treasury Department can get
along without these officers they will vote
down the amendment, but they will do it in
the face of the statement of the heads of
bureaus that they aro necessary.
Mr. HOWE. 1 presume the Senate has no
disposition to vote down any appropriation
that is necessary to the conduct of that De-
partment or in any other Department of the
Government; but it has seemed to me very
strange that we could not be made to under-
stand more clearly than I liave been able to
understand how ft is that this additional force
is still necessary. Outside of the Second and
Third Auditor's offices, I cannot conceive why
there should be the slightest pretext for any-
thing like a temporary force. I can under-
stand that there may be accumulations of busi-
ness in the Second and Third Auditor's offices
growing out of the war, left over from the war,
which it may be advisable to dispose of by the
employment of temporary help, rather than by
increasing the number of regular clerks; but
it will be remembered that the business in
those two bureaus must have reaehed its max-
imum several years ago; that is to say, the
number of accounts and claims on file await-
ing examination, 1 think, cannot be greater
this year than it was two years ago or three
years ago. The Senator from Ohio shakes his
head. Jf he has any information to the con-
trary I should be glad to hear it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the information I get is that the great
mass of the quartermasters' and paymasters'
accounts and others growing out of the war
have been settled in the first instance in the
War Department in the offices of the Quarter-
master General and Paymaster General, but
they are still pending before the accounting
officers of the Treasury. Scarcely any of the
great accounts in that branch of the service
have yet been settled. A large number of quar-
termasters' and paymasters' accounts are sus-
pended ; the items are being reexamined and
ascertained.
Mr. HOWE. My statement is this—and I
wish the Senator to speak to that—that the
number of accounts and claims awaiting settle-
ment in the Second and Third Auditor's offices
must have been as great three years ago as it
is to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that last year
the number of clerks provided for in the appro-
priation bill was larger than we provide for
now. Even this temporary force is decreased
to the extent of $60,000.
Mr. IIOWE. I understand all that, but the
regular force in the Second and Third Audit-
or's offices, I think the Senator must agree,
is more than sufficient to attend to the current
business, to dispose of the claims and accounts
that arise from the annual transactions of the
officers whoaccountto those bureaus. Iassume
that it must be more than adequate for that
purpose, because it 'was adjusted upon the
necessities'of the war season when we had an
Army and a Navy upon a war footing. Then
we attempted to fit up the force in these two
bureaus to meet that exigency. That exigency
lias already passed, and yet the force of these
two bureaus J3 undiminished. My understand-
ing has been that although they have not cleared
off these accumulations in their offices yet
they are every month roduping them. But out-
side of those two bureaus I wish the Senator
from Ohio, or any' one else who understands
the subject, would explain to us what extra
occasion there is or can be in any other of these
bureaus^ for help. There is the regular busi-
ness. Whatever they have to do this year they
must have to do next year, as it seems to me.
There are no accumulations of business left
over from the war. They are attending to the
annual and regular transactions belonging to
their respective bureaus. So it seems to me ;
and the help necessary to dispose of that busi-
ness should be provided for by law; and it
seenis to me they should be regular clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to read a letter from the Second Auditor
on this subject?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sixty-two of these clerks
are employed in the Second Auditor's office.
The Senate will remember that last year we
appropriated $210,000 for this item, and at
this session we appropriated for forty more
clerks, which made the aggregate there, as the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] has it,
$256,000 appropriated for the present year,
the year that is now running on. Now, here
is what the Second Auditor says in regard to
the business in his office; the great bulk of it
is there:
skconn Abditok's Office,
Treasury Dbi'aktjiest, l'drvAu-y 27,1S08.
To the Secretary of the Treasury :
Sm: Iu reply to your communication of the 25th
instant, calling my attention to tho legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill making appro-
priations for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1869,
and suggesting—
The Senate will see that we endeavored to
reduce in all these bureaus—
" first, that if it be possible to make any reduction in
the estimates of this bureau prepared last summer,
such reduction bemado: and secondly, that if, on the
contrary, this office is not adequately provided for by
said bill, and my increased appropriation is neces-
sary beyond tho estimates of last summer, that the
items and tho reasons for tho same may be given,"
I have the honor to state:
First, Thut it is not possiblo to make any reduc-
tion ot tho estimates already presented consistently
with the proper transaction of the business of the
office.
Second, That on the contrary the office is not ade-
quately provided for by the bill now before tho Sen-
ate Committee on Appropriations, for the reasonthat
the increase of the business of the office has been such
as to necessitate an increase of force very consider-
ably beyond that which was contemplated at the time
tho estimates were made. Already thirty-three clerks
have been added to tho number for which provision
is made by law and for which the estimate was made.
To accommodate this increased force several addi-
tional rooms in Winder's building and it separate
house on Eighteenth street have been obtained and
occupied, involving arrangements for the interior
management of the oflice which have rendered a par-
tial reorganization ot the same indispensable to the
prompt and successful conduct of business. An addi-
tional estimate is therefore appended embracing the
force now actually employed, with fresh changes in
the grades of the clerks hips, as are necessary to equal-
ize tho salaries of tho various heads of dvisions.
Very respectfully, E. B. FRENCH.
Auditor.
In conformity to this letter, and partly upon
this letter, we proposed to legalize the appoint-
ment of forty clerks.
Mr. HOWE. In the pending bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In an independent bill
for this current year. Now we are appropri-
ating for the next year, and we have taken off
the appropriations for the current year $} 00,000
in the face of the statements made by these
officers that the present force is not too great.
If the Senate think that we should go further,
and take away ail these temporary clerks, they
can do so.
Mr. HOWE. The Second Auditor in that
communication, as I understand it, is explain-
ing the necessity, not for an additional force,
but for continuing the force allowed him already.
Mr. SHERMAN. We now reduce it.
Mr. HOWE. By this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; by this bill, and
by this very amendment that is pending. Last
year we appropriated on this letter for tho cur-
rent year endingthe 1st of July next, $256,000—
the precise amount can be given by my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill]—first $210,000,
and then afterward an appropriation for extra
clerks.
Mr. HOWE. Appropriated it for help in
that bureau ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; forthisgeneralitem;
and now the appropriations this year for the
Second Auditor's office are leas in this bill
than they were last year.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the statement
read here this morning to say that some sixty
of these temporary clerks are employed in the
bureau of the Second Auditor. I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to what the Official
Register says about this. The Official Register
does not say that a single .temporary clerk is
employed there. The last Official Register gives
the force in the Second Auditor's office as I
will give it to you now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whetherthe
temporary clerks are entered on the Register.
Mr. HOWE. It contains all the help there
is'employed in the Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do 'not think they are
entered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the Sen-
ator will find the temporary clerks there.
Mr. HOWE. You will find clerks put down
both as "temporary" and as "additional."
Quite anumberare put down as "additional"
in the Secretary's office, and clerks are put
down as "temporary" in other bureaus. But
the Official Register gives the force in the office
of the Second Auditor like this: six foorth-class
clerks, and you have six fourth-class clerks in
the bill; fifty-five third-class clerks, and you
have fifty-four third-class clerks in the bill;
one hundred and nine second-class clerks, and
you have one hundred and eight second-class
clerks in the bill; two hundred and nine first-
class clerks, and you have two hundred and
twelve first-class clerks in the bill. That is
the force in the Second Auditor's office, aa
stated in the Official Register. There are, in
addition to that, messengers and laborers.
But I agree that there may be a propriety
for extra help in two bureaus, the Second and
Third Auditor's. I believe there are no tem-
porary clerks stated to be employed in the
Third Auditor's office in the Register.
Mr. SHERMAN. I read the official state-
ment that I just received this morning, show-
ing the number precisely in each of these
offices. The Senator was not present, perhaps,
but I read an official statement showing the
number of clerks employed and paid out of
this fund.
Mr. HOWE. I am calling the Senator's
attention to the discrepancy between the official
statement read this morning and the official
statement contained in the Official Register.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the Blue Book?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whether
the Blue Book contains the temporary clerks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Blue Book never con-
tains the temporary clerks. It only contains
the four classes provided for by law.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says that with
the book in his hand, and he most be right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Here it is ; you can look
at it.
Mr. HOWE. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator for letting me look it up. 1 say there are
none in the Second Auditor's office, and none
in the Third Auditor's office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the Blue Book.
Mr. HOWE. You say there are none any-
where. I say there are none in the Blue Book
in these offices. That is what I am insisting
upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that is what I am
insisting upon.
Mr. HOWE. But I understand the Senator
from Vermont to insist that in the Blue Book
there are none anywhere in the Treasury
Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am only speaking o-f
the point under consideration.
Mr. HOWE. Then we shall not have any
dispute about that, for that is the point 1 make,
and I make it against the statement of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who gives us an official state-
ment fresh from the Mint. I cannot reconcile
the discrepancy. I do not know which ia
authentic, which is issued by "old Dr. Jacob
Townsend," and which is not. [Laughter.]
There are the two statements. I do not know
that the fact recited here yesterday by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson]
tends to explain this discrepancy. Her? you
have a statement that sixty odd of these tem-
porary clerks are employed in the Second
Auditor's office, and there you have a state-
ment that not one is employed in the Second
Auditor's office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; not that state-
ment.
