2440
fm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mar
it over when it is reported. I Certainly have
no desire not to refer it; but if we adjourn un-
til Saturday it cannot be reported until Satur-
day, and then a single objection will postpone
it beyond the recess.
There will not be any
Mr. EDMUNDS,
recess.
Mr. POMEROY.
Saturday.
Mr. TjRlTMBULL.
It can lie reported on
I will say to the Sena-
ator from Ohio that when I suggested the pro-
priety of a reference it was not with any view
to delay. 1 certainly have no desire to have
the bill postponed until Monday. It was be-
cause I thought so important a bill as this
should not, for the sake of the example, be
permitted to pass this body without a reference
to any committee. T will say now to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that if this bill be referred I
will endeavor to have a meeting of the com-
mittee .so as to examine it and report it back
by the earliest day.
Mr. SHERMAN. By Saturday?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; I should think so.
Mr. SHERMAN. With that suggestion, I
have no objection to allowing the bill to be
referred.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why not meet on Friday?
Several Senators. We cannot meet on
Friday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his mo-
tion to postpone?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill bo referred.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, if that is the
desire of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move, then, to refer the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO SATURDAY.
Mr. MORTON. Now I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Saturday next at half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
modify his motion so as to say until Friday.
The committee can meet to-morrow or to-day
and consider this subject and report to us if we
want to act upon it before the week expires.
There is a great deal of business on the table.
The Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Morkiix,]
has a bill that he desires very much to pass.
1 have heard this body called a great many
times an august body, but 1 believe some of the
Senators want to make it a September body,
if they can, for this session. [Laughter.]
This continual delay, postponing, adjourning
over, and doing no business, is crowding us not
only into the summer, but beyond it.
Mr. POMEROY. If we could have an ex-
ecutive session to complete some matters which
the Committee on Indian Affairs havereported,
and which are pending before the Senate, it
would very much promote the public business
and the public interest. ["No!" "No"!]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ I move to amend the
motion by substituting "Friday at twelve
o'clock" for "Saturday at half past eleven
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Saturday next at half
past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following joint resolutions, received
from the House of Representatives, were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) to amend
an act entitled " An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, ana to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, ap-
proved July 1, 1802—to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. -0-) author-
izing certain distilled spirits to be turned over
to the Snrgcon General for the use of the -Army
hospitals—to the Committee on Military Aflairs
and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) to declare
the meaning of the acts relating to Pacific rail-
roads-—to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to *, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 13, 1SG8.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by llev. George P. Van Wyck, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXPENSES OF COAST SURVE1*.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a "letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting a statement of
expenses of the Coast Survey for the fiscal yeai
ending June 30, 1807; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
GAUUHKS FOE PIUt.ADEW'IItA.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1061) providing for
the appropriation of four additional gaugers for
the port of Philadelphia; which was read r
first and second time, and referred to the Com
mittee on Commercei
ARREST OF A REVENUE COLLECTOR.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask permission of the
House to make a brief statement in behalf of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the Clerk to read
a telegraphic dispatch which appears in the
papers this morning, and which 1 have marked
and now send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Arrest of a Revenue Collector.
New York, May 12.—Collector Joseph F. Bailey.
of the fourth revenue district of this city, wasbrought
befoie Justice Dodge, of the Jefferson Market police
court this afternoon, andheld to answer to the charge
of perjury, preferred by G-eorge B. Davis, a detective
in the employ of the secret service of the Ways and
Means Committee.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to say that I
know nothing, and the Committee of Ways and
Means, I believe, know nothing in regard to
the merits of any complaint that may have
been made against Collector Bailey. But wo
do know that we have nobody employed in any
secret detective service whatever. Wo neither
claim to have the authority, nor have we had
the disposition to enter into any service of that
kind, through the agency of Mr. Davis or any-
body else. All that is known to the committee
about Mr. Davis is, that in the course of our
investigations he appeared before ns as a wit-
ness ot} one occasion ; and my recollection is
that we did not attach any particular importance
to the testimony he gave.
WHITEHALL AND PL-ATTSBURG RAILROAD.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill for which I asked unanimous consent on
Monday last, in regard to the Whitehall and
Plattsburg Railroad Company. I do not think
it will give rise to any debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It authorizes the White-
hall and Plattsburg Railroad Company to
locate, construct, and operate its railroad
across the land belonging to the United States
at Plattsburg, in the State of New York, upon
a line commencing in the highway leading from
Plattsburg to Peru, at a point, one hundred feel
from the north line of the inclosori? surrouna-
in„ ^ Government building, running I hence
in°a northeasterly direction about one thousand
six hundred feet to the bank of Lake Charo-
nlain, thence northward along the banks of the
said lake to the north line ot the land of the
United States, sach line being designated on a
map of survey of the same made by James P.
Campbell, and now on file in the office of the
Secretary of War; provided that the right of
way herein granted shall be subject to sneta
restrictions as the Secretary of War may-think
necessary to protect the interest of the United
States; and provided further that no more
than four rods in width of the Government
land shall be occupied under the provisions ot
this act.
No objection was made; and the bill (ht. a.
No. 1002) to grant the right of way to the
Whitehall and Plattsburg Railroad Company
was received and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. This bill needs no ex-
planation at all. The War Department a^-
nroves of it, but has no authority to allow this
road to be located across the public grounds.
The bill gives the authority.
Mr. MILLER. Will this do any damage to
the public property 1
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all ; and there ia
a provision that it shall be subject to such re-
strictions as the Secretary of War may deem
necessary to protect the interests of the united
States. The following letter from the engineer
department gives all the information that is
necessary :
Engineer Department, June 19,1867,
Sir: X have the honor to return herewith the peti-
tion, with accompanying paper?,from the board of
directors of the Whitehall and Plattsburg Railroad
Company, asking for a grant to the company ot the
right to occupy and use four rods in width oi the
United States grounds at Plattsburg, along the line
shown on plat herewith, for the purpose ot bmldirrg
and using said road, and for no other purpose what-
eVCoionel Blunt, the senior engineer officer in that
quarter, reports as follows:
Oswego, Net Yore, June 6,1S67.
Sir: I havethe honorto reportthat in my opinion
there exists no special objections to granting to the
Plattsburg and Whitehall Railroad Company the
right ofwav over the public land near Plattsburg, iS ew
York, under the ordinary restrictions as to removal
of track when the United States, by their proper offi-
cers, shall require such removal for the public inter-
est, and a requirement that such fences, retaining
walls, bridges, &o„ shall bo constructed and main-
tained by the company as may-be judged necpssary
by the engineer or other officer under whose super-
vision the matter may be placed.
The proximity of the Saranac river on the west
forces the line of the road upon the public land, and
the particular course indicated seems as unobjection-
able ns any. It will require a ten or twelve leet cut-
ting for the greater part of the distance.
The petition of the company, with map, received
with department letter of May 21, were returned by
me on tho 24th May.
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
C. E. BLTJXT,
Lieutenant ColowloJ £a<fineerg.
Brevet Goloml U. ,S. Atiny.
General A. A. IIum7>hrkys,
Chief Engineer, United States Army, Wash ingfryn City.
The opinion of Colonel Blunt is concurred in. ond
it is recommended that his suggestions be adopted as
to the conditions to be imposed upon the company
if the privileges they ask be granted.
In this Connection I respectfully submit the follow-
ing remarks:
It is considered that as public land can only be ac-
quired through the joint agency of the legislative and
executive departments, so no permi^-ioniortheoecu-
pation of the public lands, except for governmental
uses.can be valid without the consent oi the legisla-
tive department. It this view be correct, it will bo
necessary to inform tkc directors of the Whitehall
and Plattsburg railroad that recourse should be had
by them to Congress tor the passage of a law granting
the privilege they de&ire.
The public lands at Piattsbnrg have never been oc-
cupied by permanent defenses, nor it probable that
such works will ever be required there. An occasion
might arise when this would be a convenient point
for the accumulation of supplies and the concentra-
tion of troops, when temporary defends might be
deemed necessary.
This statement is made to account for toe fact that
the engineer department has not for many years, if
ever, had the care of the public land* at Plattsbu;g.
It is among those places the care of which is supposed
to belong to the Quartermaster General of the Army
under paragraphs one thousand and sixty-one and
