1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4489
ness ask this House not to cut off the investi-
gation which shall make such a record.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman wish
the House to rescind the resolution which it
passed to* day, prohibiting committees from
sitting during the recess when such sitting
involves expense to the Government? This
committee will have the right to sit; but unless
that resolution be rescinded, it will not have
the right to impose any expense upon the Gov-
ernment by this investigation.
Mr. SHANKS. T withdraw the previous
question temporarily, and yield to the gentle-
man irora Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofieij).]
Mr. SCOFIELD. In order that we may
know what this committee has been doing and
what it now proposes to do, I desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Sharks] whether
the committee has, during the whole of this
session, employed a clerk, with nothing to do?
Mr. SHANIvS. Mr. Speaker, I will answer
the question very frankly. The committee has
a clerk, but the other part of the remark is not
true ; the clerk has had much to do.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not make any as-
sertion ; I simply asked a question. It is the
answer that must be true or untrue.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not wish to have any
controversy with my friend from Pennsylvania.
This committee has had a clerk, and that clerk
has had something to do. The business cf the
House has required the individual attention of
members, and we have not had an opportunity
to do as much work as we desired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then if the committee
has had nothing to do the clerk has had noth-
ing to do.
Mr. SHANKS. I said we had not done so
much work as we desired to do.
Mr. SPALDING. Let me ask the gentle-
man how much this committee has already
drawn from the contingent fund?
Mr. SHANKS. A little over six thousand
dollars.
Mr. SPALDING. 11 A little over six thou-
sand dollars ! " And yet the gentleman wants
to continue the investigation.
Mr. SHANKS. This House has voted to
pay $100,000 for the capture of Jefferson
Davis. That was money squandered upon a
useless object; for the Government has never
made any use of his capture by bringing him
to justice. The object of the investigation,
which we propose to continue, is to make a
record of the treatment of the patriotic men
who served our country faithfully in the field,
and who, when prisoners, were subjected to
inhuman treatment at the hands of rebels. If
the House does not think it a worthy objcct to
put on record the sufferings of the men who
perished in the cause of their country, and the
crimes of those who were arrayed against the
Government, be it so. I shall have discharged
my duty by presenting this question to the
House.
Mr. MAYNAUD. What we desire to know
is whether this committee has done anything.
If it has not, we had better discharge it, and
if we think the investigation should be con-
tinued, appoint another committee.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask that the resolution
reported by the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Treatment of
Prisoners of War and Union Citizens be authorized
to continue their investigation during the recess of
Congress, with fall powers in accordance with the
resolutions of the House of July 10 and 13,1867.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that this resolu-
tion be laid on the table. The committee has
now power to continue this investigation, but
it has not power to employ a clerk with nothing
to do, and to incur other expenses for no useful
purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope that the yeas and
nays will be ordered. I am for continuing this
investigation and ferreting out these scoundrels
who inflicted such barbarities upon our soldiers.
Mr. SHANKS. I am requested to state how
many witnesses we have examined. The num-
ber thus far examined is one hundred and
forty.
Mr. SPALDING. Well, I think that is
about enough.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 34, nays 80, not
voting 106 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtell, Baker, Beck,
Boyden, Cake, Delano, Dixon, Getz, Glossbrcnner,
Golladay, Grover, Higby, Hinds, Ilotchkiss, Jenckes,
Johnson^ Thomas L. Jones, Kctoham, Knott, Mar-
shall, Niblack, Pliclps, Pomcroy, Ross, Scoficld,
Spalding, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble. Trowbridge,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck. and Elihu 13. Wash-
burn e—34,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Jame3
M.Ashley. Bailey,Banks, Beatty,Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boutwell, Bowen, Buckland, Buckley, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Oary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Cobb. Coburn, Cullom, Dawes, Deweose,
Dockery, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, Fields,
French, Garfield, Halsey, Hamilton, Haughey, Haw-
kins, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. liubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Koontz, Lafiin,
Lincoln, Logan, Mallory, Mann, Maynard, McClurg,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Mullins, Myers,
Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile, Plants, Poisley,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Aaron P. Stevens, Stokes,
John Trimble, Van Aernam, Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whittcmore, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, and Windom—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Ar-
nell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum,Boamaii, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broornall, Burr,Benjamin E.Butler, Callis.-Chanler,
Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dodge, Donnelly,
Edwards, Eggleston, Eldridge, Earnsworth, Eerry,
Finney, Fox, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Haight,
Harding, Ileaton, Hill, Holman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Ivelsey, Kerr, Kitchen,
Lash, George V.Lawrence, William Lawrence,Loan,
Louo-hridge, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCullough, Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill,
Peters, Picrce, Pike, Poland, Price, Prince, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Selye,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, Twichell, Upson, Van Aukcn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, Vidal, Oadwalader C.Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—-106.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table a Senate bill,
a similar one to which has already passed the
House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I object.
message prom ti1e senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorhaii, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed without amendment
joint resolutions of the following titles:
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 358) authorizing
the Secretary of War to furnish cannon to Sol-
diers' Monument Associations of Pequannock
and Paterson, New Jersey; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 328) for the
donation of certain columns.
It further announced that the Senate insisted
on its amendments to a bill (H. II. No. 1446)
to relieve from legal and political disabilities
Simeon Corley, John Milledge, and Michael
' Hahn, agreed to the conference asked for, and
had appointed Mr. Stewart, Mr. Wilson, and
Mr. Buckalew, managers of such conference
on the part of the Senate.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 541) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Columbia
Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb, and establishing additional regulations
for the government of the institution.
It further announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed a bill (H. R. No. 65)
for the relief of William McGarrahan,
CONFERENCE REPORT.
Mr. SPALDING. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows ;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 541) making appropriations for the
service of the Columbia Institution for the Instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb, and establishing addi-
tional regulations for the government of the insti-
tution, and for other purposes, having met, after
lull and free confcrence have agreed to recommend,
ana do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
Thatthe Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the third amend-
ment ot the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede irom their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede hom their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the sixth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the first clause of the amendment of the House to the
eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the second clause of the amendment of the House to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: strike out
all of said second clause, to wit; four sections, and
insert in lieu the following: ** That the superintend-
ent of the said Columbia Institution l'or the Deaf
and Dumb shall at the commencement of every De-
cember session of Congress make a full and complete
statement of ail the expenditures made by virtue of
any appropriations by Congress, said statement shall
include the amount paid to said superintendent, and
also for teachers, to whom paid, and the rate at
which paid; and all expenditures for the Columbia
Hospital for Women and Lying-in Asylum shall be
under the direction of the Surgeon General of the
Army, who shall also report to Congress at every
December session a full and accurate account of all
expendituics made by said asylum out of appropri-
ations by Congress, and all accounts for all appro-
priations made by Congress for charitable purposes
and for charitable institutions in the District of Co-
lumbia, shall be audited by the First Auditor of the
Treasury. But nothing herein contained shall take
from the Secretary of the Interior the jurisdiction
he now has over the subjcct of charities and chari-
table institutions in the District of Columbia."
L. M. MORRILL,
J. W. PATTERSON,
A. McDONALD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington territory.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 487) to disapprove the
act of the Legislative Assembly of Washington
Territory, redisricting the Territory and reas-
signing the judges thereto ; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee on the Territories to put this
bill on its passage.
The bill was reported. It disapproves of the
act of the Legislative Assembly, approved
January 25, 1868, entitled " An act to define
the several judicial districts of the Territory,
and assigning the judges thereto."
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion lo reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
manufacturers' national bank.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the bill (S.
No. 021) authorizing the Manufacturers' Na-
tional Bank of New York to change its loca-
tion, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
: a first, sccond, and third time, and passed.
I Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
