THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
by their laws enacted by their Congress, what-
ever the law may be and however odious it
may be. The gentleman from New York—else
I_ might not have alluded to it in this discus-
sion—took occasion to refer to the fugitive
slave law of 1850; a law which was disgrace-
ful, (and I say it with all respect to the Con-
gress that enacted it;) a law which_was in di-
rect violation of the letter and the spirit of the
Constitution; a law of which I can say, at
least, although I doubt much whether the gen-
tleman from New York can say as much, that
it never found an advocate in me; a law of
which Webster spoke when he said, ' '■ My judg-
ment always was, and that is my opinion to-day,
that it is unwarranted by the Constitution ;" a
law which offered a bribe out of the common
Treasury of the nation to every magistrate who
sat in judgment upon the right of a flying bond-
man to that liberty which was his by virtue of
that same creative energy which breathed into
his nostrils the breath of life and he became
a living soul; a law which offered a reward to
the ministers of justice to shorten the judg-
ment of the poor; a law which, smiting the
conscience of the American people and the
conscience of the civilized world, made it a
crime to give shelter to the houseless, and, in
obedience to the utterances of our divine Mas-
ter, to give a cup of water to him that was
ready to perish ; a law enacted forthe purpose of
sustaining that crime of crimes, that sum of all
villainies, which made merchandise of immor-
tality, which transformed a man into a chattel,
a tiling of trade, which, for want of a better
word, we call a slave, with no acknowledged
rights in the present, with no hope of a heri-
tage in the great hereafter, to whose darkened
soul, under his crushing bondage, the universe
was voiceless, and God himself seemed silent;
a law under the direct operation of which that
horrible tragedy was enacted, my good sir, [ad-
dressing Mr. Groesbeck,] within ourownnoble
Commonwealth, in the streets of your beauti-
ful city, (Cincinnati,) when Margaret Garner,
with her babe lashed upon her breast, pursued
by the officers by virtue of this law, in her wild
frenzy forgot her mother's affection in the joy
she felt iu sending, before its appointed time,
by her own hand, the spotless spirit of fier child
back to the God who gave it rather than to
allow it to be tossed back into this hell of hu-
man bondage under the operation of American
law; a law sustained by the American people
even 011 that day when Anthony Burns walked
in chains under the shadow of Bunker Hill,
"where every sort's a soldier's scpulcher,"
and where sleeps the first great martyr in the
cause of American independence, to be tried
by a magistrate in a temple of justice girdled
itself with chains and guarded by bayonets;
and yet the people stood by and said let the
law be executed until it be repealed.
Gentlemen talk about the American people
recognizing the right of any President to set
aside the lawsl Who does not know that two
years after this enactment, in 1852, the terrible
blasphemy was mouthed in Baltimore by the
representatives of that same party that to-day
insists upon the executive prerogative to set
aside your laws and annihilate your Govern-
ment, touching this fugitive slave law that all
discussion in Congress and out of Congress
should be suppressed ? When they passed that
resolution they ought to have remembered that
there is something stronger after all than the
resolutions of mere partisans in convention
assembled. They ought to have remembered
that God is not in the earthquake or in the
fire, but in "the still, small voice," speaking
through the enlightened conscience of enlight-
ened men, and that it is at last omnipotent.
But—and I only refer to it: Cod knows that,
for the honor of our country, I would take a
step backward and cover the nakedness and
shame of the American people in that day of
America's dishonor; but when they passed!
that resolution they nominated their candidate, I
and he accepted its terms, and he was carried i
to the presidential chair by the votes of all the I
States of this Union, except four, upon the
basis that he would execute the laws, however
odious they might be, however offensive they
might be to the judgment and conscience of
the people of the United States and of the
civilized world.
And now, with such a record as this, these
gentlemen dare to come before the Senate and
tell the Senate that it is the traditional policy
of the American people to allow their own laws
to be defied by their own Executive. I deny
it. There is not a line in your history butgives
a flat denial to the assumption. It has never
been done.
In this connection, Senators, I feel con-
strained, although I deeply regret it, to be
compelled to depart from the direct line of my
argument to notice another point that was made
by the gentleman in order to bolster up this
assumption, made for the first time, as I insist,
in our history, of the right of the Executive, by
his executive prerogative, to suspend and dis-
pense with the execution of the laws, and that
was the reference which was made to your
lamented and martyred President, Abraham
Lincoln. In God's name, Senators, was it not
enough that he remembered in the darkest
hours of your trial and when the pillars of your
holy temple trembled m the storm of battle that
oath which, in his own simple words, was " regis-
tered in heaven and which he must obey on
the peril of his soul—was it not enough that
he kept his faith unto the end and finally laid
down his life a beautiful sacrifice iu defense of
the Republic and the laws without slandering
and calumniating his memory now that he is
dead, that his tongue is mute, unable to speak
for himself, by the bald, naked, and false asser-
tion that he violated the laws of his country ?
I speak earnestly, I speak warmly on this sub-
ject, because the man thus slandered and out-
raged in the presence of the Senate and the
civilized world was not only my own personal
friend, but he was the friend of our common
country and our common humanity. I deny
that, for a single moment, he was regardless
of the obligations of his oath or of the require-
ments of the Constitution. I deny that he
ever violated your laws. I deny that he ever
assumed to himself the power claimed by this
apostate President this day to suspend your laws
and dispense with their execution. Though
dead, he yet speaks from the grave; and I ask
Senators when they come to consider this accu-
sation against their murdered President, to
ponder upon the words of his first inaugural,
when manifestly alluding to the fugitive slave
law, which violated every conviction of his
nature, from which he went back with abhor-
rence, he yet nevertheless in that inaugural
said to the American people, however much
we may dislike certain laws upon our statute-
books, we are not at liberty to defy them, nor
to disregard them, nor to set them aside; but
we must await the action of the people and
their repeal through the law-making power.
I do not quote the exact words, but I quote
the substance; I doubt not they are as familiar
to the minds of Senators as they are to me.
Oh, but said the gentleman, lie suspended
the habeas corpus act. The gentleman was too
learned not to know that it has been settled law
from the earliest times to this hour that in the
midst of arms the laws are silent, and that it is
written in the Constitution that "the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended unless when in cases of rebellion or
invasion the public safety may require it.'' It
was not Mr. Lincoln that suspended the habeas
corpus act; it was that great public, solemn,
civil war that covered your heavens with black-
ness and filled the habitations of your people
with mourning and lamentation foi their beauti-
ful, slain upon the high places of the land.
Senators, the best answer that I can make to this
assertion that your murdered President was
responsible for what necessarily resulted from
this atrocious and unmatched rebellion, I make
in the words of that grand and nobie in an, than
whom a purer, a wiser, or better spirit never
ascended the chair of civil magistracy in this or
in any country, in this age or in any age—I refer
to John Quincy Adams—when he said that
in the presence of public war, either domestic
or foreign, all the limitations of your Constitu-
tion are silent, and in the event of insurrection
in any of the States, all the institutions of the
States within which it rages, to use his own
terse, strong words, "go by the board." You
cannot prosecute war by a magistrate's war-
rant and a constable's staff. Abraham Lincoln
simply followed the accepted law of the civil-
ized world in doing what he did. I answer
further, for I leave no part of it unanswered,
I would count myself dishonored, being able to
speak here for him when he cannot speak for
himself, if I left any colorable excuse for this
assault upon his character unanswered and
unchallenged.
Why, say the gentlemen, you passed your
indemnity acts. Now, who is there in this
Senate of the United States so weak as not to
know that it is in vain that you pass indemnity
acts to protect the President of the United
States, if, after all, his acts were unconstitu-
tional—to the hurt of private right. You
must go a step further than that; you must
deny jurisdiction to the courts, you must shut
the doors of your temple of justice, you must
silence the ministers of the law before you
pass an indemnity act which will protect him
if his act at last be unconstitutional. That
was not the purpose of the act. If the gentle-
man referred to the general indemnity act, I
had the honor to draft it myself. I claim no
particular credit for it. It is not unknown to
the legislation of this country and of other
countries. The Congress of the United States,
as Senators will remember, passed a similar
act in 1802. The general act to which I refer
was passed in 1807. That act was simply de-
claring that the acts of the President during
the rebellion and of those acting for the Presi-
dent in the premises, should be a bar to prose-
cutions against them in the courts. What was
the object of it? If it be in the power of the
nation to defend itself, if it be constitutional to
defend the Constitution, if it be constitutional
for the President to summon the people to the
defense of their own laws and the defense of
their own firesides and the defense of their
own nationality, the law said that this should
be an authority to the courts to dismiss the
proceeding, on the ground that the act was
done under the order of the President. But
how could wo make his act valid under the
Constitution if it was unconstitutional, if the
limitations of the Constitution operated? I do
not stop to argue the question. It has been
argued by wager of battle, and it has been
settled beyond reviewin this tribuqal or in any
tribunal that the public safety is the highest
law, and that it is a part and parcel of the
Constitution of the United States.
I have answered, Senators, and I trust I
have answered sufficiently, all that-has been
said by the counsel for the President for the
purpose of giving some colorable justification
for tho monstrous plea which they this day in-
terpose for the first time in our history that it
pertains to the executive prerogative to inter-
pret the Constitution judicially for himself and
to determine judicially the validity of every law
passed by Congress and to execute it or sus-
pend it or dispense with its execution at his
pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the honorable Man-
ager will pause at this point of the argument I
will submit a motion that the Senate take a
recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
At the expiration of the recess the Chief
Justice resumed the chair and called the Sen-
ate to order.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, the last words which I had the
honor to utter in the presence of the Senate
were to the effect that I had endeavored to
answer what had been said by the counsel for
the accused in defense of the monstrous prop-
