1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, you have a state-
ment of the force employed in the Second
Auditor's office, and there are no temporary
clerks mentioned there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But if my friend will
permit me, I suggest to him that the Blue Book
is the register of the regular employes under
the law of the Government. The statute gives
the Secretary of the Treasury the authority,
whenever the exigencies of the public service
require it, to employ additional force. They
do not appear in the Official Register as the
regular employes of the Department at all.
There is the difference.
Mr. HOWE. I understood you to say some-
thing like that some time ago, but when you
passed the book over into my hands you with-
drew that statement, and you rested yourdecla-
ration upon the proposition that there was no
such force iu the Second or Third Auditor's
office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was all that was
required for that purpose.
Mr. HOWE. We had the same purpose
under consideration then that we have now. I
say there are both additional and temporary
clerks enumerated therein that BlueBookthat
the Senator has in his hand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where else except in the
Treasurer's office do you find any there?
Mr. HOWE. I did not know there were
any in the Treasurer's office. There are in the
Secretary's office, and there are in some other
offices; 1 cannot now specify them. But I now
call attention to the Register's office. In that
book the force is stated at five fourth-class
clerks, thirteen third-class clerks, nineteen
second-class clerks, and five first-class clerks
in the Kegister's office. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] produced
another official statement last night to the
effect, I think, that thirteen male clerks and
over one hundred—I believe one hundred and
seventeen—female clerks had been employed
in the Register's office since October last.
That was read here in the hearing of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. Nobody
disputed it; so I did not. The only explana-
tion I heard of it was that the Register had
probably been dismissing a large number of
clerks and employing these in their places.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not
hear the explanation I made.
Mr. IIOWE. No ; I did not hear the ex-
planation of the Senator, and I am very sorry
that I did not. If it is capable of explanation
I have no doubt the Senator explained it, or
tried to do so. The explanation which I did
hear, however, did not seem satisfactory to me,
because that very statement contained the num-
ber of clerks who had been dismissed and who
had died, and they were less than a dozen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The explanation is
simply this: there is a very large arreaiage of
business in the Register's office, particularly in
relation to coupons. Those coupons all have
to be examined and all have to be registered.
There are some millions of them behindhand
now. It is very important that they should be
examined at the time the coupons are paid,
that the work should be brought up, because,
after two or three years mistakes iu those mat-
ters cannot be corrected. Therefore it was
thought advisable to employ an additional
force, particularly of women, to do that work,
in order to bring up the work that was so
largely in nrrear, and it is absolutely required
by the public interests. With that view a large
number of persons were employed. As soon
as the work is brought up, of course the force
will be reduced ; but it is absolutely indispens-
able that that work should be brought up, I
happened to meet the Register this morning
and mentioned the subject to him. He told
me that if there was any office-room where
they could be accommodated, he deemed the
work so very important (and I have no doubt
he is correct about it) that he should liketo em-
ploy one hundred more, in order to bring it up
as soon as possible ; that the public safety with
regard to all those matters absolutely required
that the work should be brought up as speedily
as possible, so that they might examine the
coupons day by day.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, that explana-
tion is plausible, and may be absolutely cor-
rect. I would not question its correctness at
all but for two considerations: first, I suppose
it is known to the Senator that that business of
counting the coupons and all kindred busi-
nesses are not provided for under this bill at
all, but eotne outt>f the regular appropriation
made annually for the expenses of the loan
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With reference to this,
it came in incidentally on the statement of the
Senator from New Hampshire, and I gave the
explanation afterward. They are not paid
out of this $150,000.
Mr. HOWE. And secondly, that expense
isnotpaid out of this appropriation of $150,000,
not paid out of these appropriations for clerks
in any of these bureaus. That is chargeable to
the appropriation made for defraying the ex-
penses of the loan branch ; I forget what they
call it, but probably that is it. That appro-
priation last year, I believe, was $2,000,000.
I wish the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations would correct me if I am wrong.
The appropriation for defraying the expenses
of the loan department was 52,000,000 last
year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Two million
dollars.
Mr. HOWE. I think it was the same the
year before. I never have understood that
they had reported a surplus. I believe they
pretend to have spent the whole appropriation
right along, and they wanted the same appro-
priation this year, $2,000,000, but I think it is
reduced in the bill to $1,500,000. About that
business tins ought to be remembered, that
your printing was pretty much concluded ; you
had got out the maximum of your notes and
your bonds, and you wanted some new bonds
printed, and some new notes for the purpose
of transfer and to replace loss and damage,
but that printing could notamount to anything
like the printing which we had to provide for
during the war. The counting of your coupons
could not have required any more help this
year than the year before, and I do not under-
stand how it is that this accumulation happens.
Having $2,000,000, all they asked for the year
before, and having spent it, and having only
§2,000,000 the present year to spend, I do not
see why the work for the year before must not
necessarily have been done, and why the work
of this year charged upon the appropriation of
the current year, $2,000,000, should have been
any more than the business of the year. So I
think the Register is mistaken in supposing that
this large increase of women was made neces-
sary—a discovery detected for himself for the
first time—to bring up the business that ought
to have been done the year before, and that
failed of being done the year before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from
Wisconsin permit me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to assure my
friend from Wisconsin about this coupon busi-
ness, that the investigations with which I have
been charged into the state of certain affairs j
in the Treasury have enabled me to know that,
as a matter of fact, for more than a year
past, there have been more than four million
coupons—I mean four million distinct pieces
of paper—in arrears in the bureau of the
Register's office that counts and arranges the
coupons and compares them with the reg-
ister of bonds in the books, to see that there
are not duplicates, &c. Of course it must be
obvious to my friend from Wisconsin, as^ to
everybody else, that the proper administration
of the business would require that they should
be kept up by some proper means or other. I
am not now speaking as to whether people have
done their duty ; but the business ought to be
kept up. Mr. Moore, the gentleman in charge
of that particular branch, has told me, in the
course of my investigations, over and over
again—and I have seen myself the great pile
of coupons there—that he needed more force
in order to get up and to have the coupons com-
pared and labeled,' and put into the proper
book, so as to secure the G-oveniment for the
purposes for which this counting is needed at
all lroin the loss that might otherwise occur.
That is the fact; and in some way we ought to
provide that it shall be done.
Mr. HOWE. Agreed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let us have the
vote.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio wants
the vote immediately now, but he cannot get
it until I have returned my thanks to the Sen-
ator from Vermont for putting into this case
one fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason I called for
the vote was that this discussion has nothing
to do with the point.
Mr. HOWE. My friend shall have the vote
in due time ; but I am obliged to the Senator
from Vermont for putting into the ease a fact.
It is this fact, that the business in the Regis-
ter's office was in arrear; that there were four
million pieces of paper uncounted. Mr. Pres-
ident, I am thrown back, then, on this conclu-
sion : that if you want the business of that
office done", you must get it done in some other
way than by appropriating money for it, be-
cause you have appropriated the money for
counting these pieces of paper every year;
$2,000,000 the current year, $2,000,000 the
year before, and all they ask the present year
is $2,000,000; that, they say, is sufficient to
do the work, and they have had it right along,
and the work is not done. Now, you must do
something else besides appropriating money ;
you cannot get it done in that way. So that
this fact, important and solemn as it is, does
not go to justify the making of these great
appropriations for help, bccause it does seem
to establish to my mind the conclusion that
the work done is not at all proportioned to the
money appropriated.
But, sir, 1 did not mean to ransack the whole
Treasury Department when I got up. The
main thing I wished to say when I took the
floor was this: that by this time the head of the
Treasury Department should be able to tell us
how much help he wanted in each of these
bureaus to perform the regular annual recurring
business of the bureau, and that by this time
he .-.hould be able to tell us in what bureaus
there was an accumulation, an arrearage of
business, and how much help he needed to
close that out. Where those accumulations
are I say give him all the help he may want
to do the work; but I think I have evidence
now that this extra help is employed not
where those accumulations are, but where those
accumulations are not. I want to see the
necessities of each Department ascertained,
measured by law, and provided for by law. I
protest that it is wrong to put a large sum of
money into the hands of any single individual
to be appropriated and disposed of just as that
individual chooses, even if the individual be
the most honest man there is m the world. It
is an irresponsible authority that you propose
by this amendment to place once more in the
hands of the Secretary to dispose of $150,000
just as he pleases. The pretext is that it ia
needed for help ; but getting it into his hands,
he may appropriate it for help honestly ; but
suppose he should not? If he be not an hon-
est man, he has authority to put it all into the
hands of one man or divide it among a dozen ;
he can pay $1,000 a year or $100 a year or
$20,000 a year, as he pleases. That is what
he can do, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law provides the
salaries.
Mr. HOWE. The law does not provide for
the appointment of any one of these men.
This is so much, $150,000 in a gross sura, put
into his hands to employ help, temporary
clerks
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the law provides
what those clerks shall receive, according to
their classification.
