1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Previous to that time.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I wish especially to know
•whether the Senator refers to a recent procla-
mation of amnesty by the President?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I refer to pardons
granted before the act of Congress which pre-
scribed the voting in the South. I think March
2. 18G7, was the date.
'Mr. CONKLINGr. I believe that the alleged
pardons and amnesties extended up to that time
had at least some show of legality. The ques-
tion with me was whether the Senator meant
by his amendment to cover those more recent,
which, I think, had scarcely the color of law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
r6jGCt6(l.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment, reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed
to. It was to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the House bill and to insert:
That hereafter any election authorized by the act,
passed March 23, 1867, entitled "An act supplement-
ary to ail act to provide tor the more ctiieienc govern-
ment of the rebel States, passed March 2,1867, and
to facilitate restoration," shall be decided by a ma-
jority of the votes actually cast; and at the election
in which the question of the adoption or rejection pf
any constitution is submitted any person cfuly regis-
tered in tho State may vote in the election district
where he offers to vote, when he has resided therein
for ten days next preceding such election, upon pre-
sentation of his certificate of registration, his affi-
davit, or other satisfactory evidence, under such
regulations as the district commanders may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho consti-
tutional convention of any of the States mentioned
in the acts to which this is amendatory may provide
that at the time of voting upon the ratification of
the constitution the registered voters may vote also
for members of the House of Representatives of the
United States and for all elective officers provided
for by tho said constitution; and the same election
officers who shall mako the return of tlie votes east
on the ratification or rejection of tho constitution
shall enumerate and ceitify the votes cast for mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to inquire of
the Senator who has this bill in charge whether
he will allow it to go over until to-morrow, or
whether he desires final action to-day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to be rid of it,
and I have hoped that we may reach the vote
to-night. I really trust the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will not ask to have it go over in order
to present the question which he suggested a
short time ago. It is a matter which it would
hardly be advisable to put on this temporary
bill anyhow, it seems to me.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not desire to oc-
cupy much time, and if this measure can come
up to-morrow I wiil present the proposition
which I desire to submit and my explanation
of it in a period of some fifteen minutes. I
desire a vote on it, and it is my opinion that
this is the most favorable occasion upon which
the attentiou of the Senate can be drawn to
that subject. It is a case where there are no
embarrassing circumstances attending the dis-
cussion of the subject or action upon it. I pro-
pose to have my amendment put in such form
that it will be voluntarily accepted. I may say
to Senators that I have received a number of
letters from members of the conventions that
have been sitting in these States, Virginia par-
ticulaily, stating that they have obtained in-
funnation and have been considering this very
question. An amendment which will simply
permit them, in ordering congressional elec-
tions in connection with the adoption of the
Constitution, to allow their citizens to vote in
such manner that there will be fair represent-
ation cannot be open to objection. We shall
not impose it. We shall confer upon them an
additional privilege and an additional author-
ity which they cannot exercise under the pres-
ent legislation of Congress. What I would
desire would be upon to-morrow, in the period
of some fifteen minutes, to present my amend-
ment. and explain it, and I think after doing
that, the Senate will be disposed to accept it,
as it will not involve any difficulty or embarrass-
ment to the Senate, and will give a privilege to
these conventions which they ought to enjoy;
and in making this motion I conform, to the
wishes of some persons who are members of
these conventions, and men, too, with whom
I have no political accord, who have been
attracted by the idea and desire to try it.
The Senator from Ohio supposes that there
will be some difficulty in the way. Not the
slightest. The proposition simply is that an
elector shall possess as many votes as there
are representatives to be chosen, and he can
bestow his votes at his discretion upon the
whole number or upon any number less than
the whole. That is all. All that is necessary
is that a party in one of tho States—a Repub-
lican party or a Democratic party—shall print
its tickets for the number of candidates to
which it desires to give its support, and the
tickets are passed to the electors, and there
will be no question and no difficulty in trying
tho experiment.
Can there be any objection to permitting
these conventions to hold this single election
in this manner if they choose to order it?
What will be the result? One race will not be
voting down another; the whites will not be
voting down the blacks, nor the blacks voting
down the whites. If there is any proposition
upon the face of the earth that can operate
handsomely and properly it is just such a one
as this. If the convention in Virginia, in
which there are representatives of both races,
chooses to try this'experiment of voting there,
which has high sanction abroad as well as
strong indorsements at home, and enable the
electors to vote so that the white voters of that
State will elect their share of Representatives
in Congress and the black voters their share,
and one side will not vote down the other, pray
what harm is done; what public interest is
endangered; what political interest, even, is
involved? This is not a question which can
assume aparty complexion. It has not assumed
a party complexion abroad in tho Parliament
of GreatBritain. The measure was there voted
for by Tories, by "Whigs, by Liberals, and by
Radicals indiscriminately. It broke up parties
utterly, both as to those who supported it and
those who opposed it. It is a simple proposi-
tion by which an elector shall be emancipated
from the burdens and inconveniences which
have heretofore pressed upon him, by which
he can be enabled to vote for men who will be
elected instead of voting down somebody else
or being voted down himself.
Why not try this, if we desire to enable these
men who in good faith are carrying out your
congressional system of reconstruction, who
are endeavoring to build up this political struc-
ture in Virginia and the other States, to adopt
a system of voting by which harmony will be
established among themselves, by which white
and black will each obtain its fair share of
power in these States? Of course I foresee
that if elections should be held in this manner
in but one, two, or three States, and the result
should be shown by a return to the House of
Representatives of members chosen under this
system, the system would be adopted through-
out the country within a year or two years. _ It
requires nothing except an illustration which
the people can see and understand, and it will
be adopted universally and applied everywhere.
1 have not a particle of doubt of it.
However, sir, as I said before, I did not anti-
cipate that this subject was coming up, and
therefore I had not prepared an amendment.
I have, however, drawn hastily in my seat an
amendment which I will now offer, to be added
after the amendment which was adopted on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio:
And be it further enacted, That sueli convention in
any of the said States may authorize the election of
Representatives in Guii^vebs from tlie State at large
and upon the principle of the cumulative vote.
In the clause proposed by Mr. Lowe in the
British Parliament the arrangement was this :
" That at any contested election for a county or
borough represented by more than two members
and having more than one seat vacant every voter
shall bo entitled to a number of votes equal to the
number of vacant scats, and may give all such votes
to one candidate or may distribute them among the.
oandidates, as he thinks fit."
It would be convenient, perhaps, to add to
my amendment the latter portion of this clause
providing for the application of the idea which
is contained in the amendment. I hope that
the Senator from Illinois will permit us to
take this vote to-morrow. I shall not delay
him long.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will yield the floor I will move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I fear that other meas-
ures will crowd this out to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to-morrow to
have the funding bill taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves that the Senate ad-
journ, and the question is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make the motion
because the Senator from Pennsylvania wishes
to submit some remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has already given his views at length
on this subject, and very ably. Certainly he
could not in ten or fifteen minutes now renew
the speech he made some time ago on this sub-
ject.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Idonotmtendtodothat.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ If this bill is left open
until to-morrow it will lead to further debate.
I have not trespassed on the Senate, but I de-
sire to have the funding bill taken up to-morrow
with a view of being heard upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I per-
ceive that the Senator from Ohio and the Sen-
ator from Illinois are both indisposed to permit
me to present this subject in connected form. I
do not complain of it, although I regret it. Of
course I shall not now occupy the attention of
the Senate with tho remarks, although brief, I
should have felt it my duty and should be re-
joiced in the opportunity of making on a more
suitable occasion. I withdraw the amendment
as, of course, under the circumstances, I can-
not expect the Senate to adopt it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 28, nays 6 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole. Conk-
ling, Oorbctt, Crasin, Ferry, Harlan, Howe, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomcroy, Kamsey, lloss, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Tiumbull.
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson and
Yates—28. .
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doohttle, Hen-
dricks, Patteison of Tennessee, and Saulshury—b.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,Bayard, Catteli, Con-
ncss, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, Eessenden, lowicr,
Erehnsrhuysen, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, How-
ard, Johnson, Morgan, Morton, Norton, and
Sprague—19.
So the bill was passed.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up
Senate bill No. 207, with a view to leave it as
the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The funding bill. I de-
sire to address the Senate to-morrow upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. Has not the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] tho floor 011 the
other question ?
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I think he took the floor
on the other question.
