384
SUPPLEMENT TO
ositiou made for the first time in the history of
the Republic that the Executive may suspend
and dispense with the execution of thepeople's
laws at his pleasure. 1 beg the pardon of the
Senate for having forgotten to notice the very
astute argument made by the learned counsel
from New York [Mr. Evarts] in behalf of the
President touching the broker who refused to
pay the license under your revenue laws, and
under the advice of the learned counsel was
finally protected in the courts. Senators, par-
don me for saying again that the introduction
of such an argument as that was an insult to
the intelligence of the American Se.tja.te ; it
does not touch the question, and the man who
does not understand that proposition is not tit
to stand in the presence of this tribunal and
argue for a moment any issue involved in this
controversy.
Nothing is more clearly settled, Senators—
and I ought to ask pardon at every step I take
in this argumeut for making such a statement
to the Senate—nothing is more clearly settled
under the American Constitution in all its in-
terpretations than that the citizen upon whom
the law operates is authorized by the Consti-
tution to decline compliance without resist-
ance and appeal to the courts for his protec-
tion. That was the ease of the New York
broker to which tho learned counsel referred;
and desperate must be the defense of his client
if it hangs upon any such slender thread.
Who over heard of that rule of universal ap-
plication in this country of tho right of the
citizen peacefully, quietly, without resistance,
without meditating resistance, to appeal to the
courts against the oppression of the law being
applied to the sworn executor of the law? The
learned gentleman from New York would have
given us more light on this subject if he had
informed us that the collector under your
revenue law had dared, under a letter of au-
thority of Andrew Johnson, to set aside a
statute, and upon his own authority, coupled i
with that of his chief, to defy your power, i
The two questions are as distinct as life and !
death, as light and daikness, and no further 1
word need be said by mo to the American Sen-
ate in answer to that proposition. |
I may be pardoned now, Senators, for refer-
ring to other provisions of (he Constitution 1
which do sustain and make clear the position
1 assumed ns the basis of my argument, that;
tho letter of the law passed by the people's :
Representatives in Congress assembled eon- !
eludes the Executive. 1 have given you al- |
ready the solemn decision of the Supreme (
Court, of the United States upon that subject, I
unquestioned and unchallenged fiom that day |
to this. I now turn to a higher and a more i
commanding authority, the supreme law of the
land ordained by the people and for the peo- !
pie, in which they have settled this question !
between the people and-the Executive beyond
the reach of a colorable doubt. 1 refer to the
provisions of the Constitution which declare !
that— !
" Kvery bill which slutll have passed the House of !
Iteprcseutahvcs ami the Semite shall, betore ir be-
come. a law. bo presented to the President of the Uni- I
tedSltites; if bo .improve, ho shall sitm it, but it not, tie I
shall return it with hi* objections to Unit House in ;
which it shall have originated, who shall enter the ]
objections at, large on their Journal and proceed to ;
reconsider it. tf, utter such reconsideration, two 1
third:- of that House shall .utree to pass the bilt, it. ,
shall bo sent, together with the objections, to the
other House, by which it shall likewise bo recon-
sidered. and jf approved by two thirds ot that lieutc
it shall become a law." * ■'
" ft any bill shall not be returned by the President
within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall
have been pn sonted to him the same shall be a law
in like nmnner ;>- if licluid signed it,unless the Con-
gress by their adjournment prevent its return, in
which <■[>-<: it shall not be a lav,'."
I ask the Senators to please note in this con-
troversy between the Representatives of the
people and the advocates of the President that
it is there written in the Constitution so plainly
that no mortal man can gainsay it, that every !
bill which shall have passed the Congress of
the United Stales and been presented to the
President and shall have received his signature
shall be a law; that it further provides that .
every bill which he shall disapprove and return
to the House in which it originated with his
objections, if reconsidered and passed by the
Congress of the United States by a two-thirds
vote, shall become a law ; and that every bill
which shall have passed the Congress of the
United States and shall have been presented
to the President for his approval which he
shall retain for more than ten days, Sundays
excepted, during the session of Congress, shall
be a law. That is the language of the Consti-
tution ; it shall be a law if he approves it; it
shall be a law if he disapproves it and the Con-
gress pass it over his veto ; it shall be a law if
he retain it for more than ten days during the
session of Congress, Sundays excepted. In
each such case it shall be a law. It is in vain,
altogether in vain, against this bulwark of the
Constitution, that gentlemen come, not with
their rifled ordnance, but with their small arms
playing upon it, and telling the Senate of the
United States and the people of the United
States in the face of the plain words of the
Constitution that it shall not be a law. The
people meant precisely what they said, that it
shall be a law ; though the President give never
so many reasons, by veto, why he deems it
unconstitutional, nevertheless, if Congress by
a two-thirds vote pass it over his veto, it shall
be the law. That is the language of the Con-
stitution.
What, is theiranswer? "It is not to ho alaw
unless in pursuance of the Constitution." An
unconstitutional law, they say, is no law at all.
We agree to that,; but the executive—and that
is the point in controversy hare—is not the
department of the Government to determine
that, issue between the people and their Rep-
resentatives; and the man is inexcusable, ab-
solutely inexcusable, who ever had the advan-
tage of common schools and learned to read
the plain text of his native vernacular, who dares
to raise the issue in the light of the plain text
of the Constitution that the President, in the
face of the Constitution, is to say it shall not,
be a law, though the Constitution says expressly
rr satu, iik a i,aw. 1 admit, that when an
enactment, of Congiess shall have been set
aside by the constitutional authority of this
country it thencoforward censes to be law,
and the President himself might, well be pro-
tected for not thereafter recognizing it as law. I
admit it, although gentlemen on that side of the
Chamber will pardon me—und surely I make
the allusion (in- no disrespectful purpose what-
ever—I say it rather because it. has been pressed
into this controversy on the other side, in say-
ing that it was the doctrine taught hy him who is
now called the great, apostle of Democracy in
America, that the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States could not decide the constitutional-
ity of a law for any other department of this
Government; that they only decide for them-
selves and the suitors at their bar. For what
earthly use the citation from .Jefferson was in-
troduced by (he learned gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Nelson.] who first referred to it,
and by (he learned Attorney General. 1 cannot
for the life of me comprehend in the light of
the answer here interposed by the President.
Re tells you, Senators, by his answer that he
only violated the law, he only asserted this
executive prerogative, that would cost any
crowned head in Europe this day his life, in-
nocently for the purpose of taking the judg-
ment of the Supreme Court; and here comes
his learned advocate from Tennessee, and his
learned advocate, the Attorney General, quot-
ing the opinion of Thomas Jefferson to show
that at last the decision of the Supreme Court
could not control him at all; that it could not
decide any question for the departments of the
Government.
I am not, disposed to cast reproach upon Mr.
Jefferson. I know well that he was not one of
the framers of the Constitution. I know well
that he was notone of the builders of thefabric
of American empire. While he contributed
much to work out the emancipation of the
American people from the control and dom-
ination of British rule and deserves well of his
country, one of the authors of the Declaration
of Independence, yet I know well enough that
his opinions on that subject are not accepted
at this day by the great body of the American
people and find no place in the authoritative
and commanding writers upon the text of your
Constitution. He was a man, doubtless, of
fine philosophic mind ; he was a man of noble,
patriotic impulses ; he rendered great service
to the country and deserves well of his country-
men ; but he is not an authoritative exponent
of the principles of your Constitution, and never
was.
I may be pardoned farther, in passing, for
saying in connection with this citation that is
made here, right in the face of the answer of
the accused, that his only object in violating
the law was to have a decision of the Supreme
Court on the subject, that another distinguished
man of the Democratic party standing in his
place in the Senate years ago, in the contro-
versy about the constitutionality of the United
States Bank, afterward lifted to the Presidency
of the United States, declared in his place here
that while he should give a respectful consider-
ation to the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States touching the constitutionality
of an act of Congress, he should nevertheless,
as a Senator upon his oath, hold himself not
bound by it at all. That was Mr. Buchanan.
One thing is very certain : that these author-
ities quoted by the gentlemen do sustain in
some sort, if it needed any support at all, the
position that I have ventured to assume before
the Senate, that upon all trials of impeachment
presented by tho House of Representatives the
Senate of the United States is the highest judi-
cial tribunal of the land, and is the exclusive
judge of the law and fact, no matter what any
court may have said touching any question
involved in the issue.
Allow me, Senators, now to take one step
further in this argument touching this position
of the President, for 1 intend in every step I
take to stand with the Constitution of my coun-
try, the obligations of which are upon me as
a representative of the people. I have already
in your hearing cited a text from the Constitu-
tion which ought to close this controversy be-
tween the people and the President as to his
right to challenge a law which the Constitution
declares is a law and shall be a law despite his
veto. The other provision of the Constitution
to which 1 refer is that provision which defines
and limits (he executive power of the Presi-
dent. I refer again to the words of the Con-
stitution :
"The President shall be Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and ^a,vy of the United States, and ot the
mi[itia of the several States, when called into the
actual service of the United States; he may requiro
the opinion, m writing, ot the principal officer in
each ot iheKxeeutivc Departments upon anysubject
rehitmjr !o the duties of their lespeetivc oOices, and
ho shall have power tojrnuit reprieves and pardons
for offenses against tlie United States, except in eases
of impeachment.
"He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of tho Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thuds of the Senatois present etuieuv; and ho
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judses of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United State?,
whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by Law;
but the Congress may bylaw vest, the appointment
of such inferior otlieers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Department*.
" Tho President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
iSenate, by granting commissions which shall expiro
at the end of their next session.
"lie shall from time to time sive to the Congress
information of tho state ot the Union, and recom-
mend to their consideration such measures as he
shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on
extraordinary occasions, convene both Houses, or
either of them, and in case of disagreement, between
tliem, with respect to tho time ot adjournment, he
may adjourn them to such time as he shall think
proper/' <fcc.
These are tho specific powers conferred on
the President, by the Constitution. I shall have
occasion hereafter in the course of this argu-
ment to take notice of that other provision
which declares that the executive power shall
be vested in a President. !t is not a grant of
