1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
West, and to tlie manufacturers of the central
States to repeal tliis tax, which all admit to be
unwise, and 1 appeal to them to do now at this
very moment what they all admit will be wise
hereafter.
I have another table before me, showing the
product of the crop in Texas, and showing an
actual loss to the producer of a bale of cotton
of four hundred and seventy pounds, valued in
gold at $ol 70. It shows that the cost of it
before it starts from the plantation is $20 30,
leaving him but $31 40 for his product. The
expense of transporting it to the depot, where
it can be sent by railroad to Galveston, is
$22 64, leaving him in gold only $8 70 for all
the work which he has furnished, the imple-
ments for cultivation, the pay of freedmen, the
cost of plowing, and all the other expenses of
raising the cotton. This shows that under the
existing taxation it is impossible for the cotton
producers of the South to live. Though their
crop has been large they have in the main been
ruined by that crop, and they are without the
means of cultivating cotton for the futureunless
this Congress comes to their relief and exempts
them from the tax.
Now, Mr. Speaker, after these statements,
which I have made as brief as possible, I am
loth, very loth, to refer to an insinuation made
by the honorable gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wixdom] on this subject, an apparent
insinuation that I am the organ of traders and
speculators, or, in the new vocabulary which
he and another gentleman upon this floor use,
of " strykers," and " suckers," and "sharks,"
and " shysters," and other sibilant sus-surra-
tions [laughter] which were poured forth by
the honorable gentlemen on those who are only
trying to do right.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to explain
that in what I said I did not refer to the' gen-
tleman from New York, but to a class of claim
agents, so called, who go about through the
country.
Mi. BROOKS. I only complain, then, of
the gentleman for using words of New York
city manufacture, which ought never to have
extended to Tennessee, and which have not
yet got into Worcester's or Webster's Diction-
ary. [Laughter.]
But the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Win-
dow] caused to be read here a contract between
certain persons holding cotton who desire to
test the constitutionality of thetaxupon cotton,
a perfectly legitimate and legal purpose, but I
know not how the honorable gentleman infers
that I am in any way connected with it, or
why that eoutract, out of order, utterly uncon-
nected with this subject, should have been
introduced on the floor of this House in con-
nection with this debate, unless it was meant
to insinuate that in offering my amendment 1
was the organ of "shysters," and "sharks,"
and "strykers," &c.
I do not know in what school the honorable
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] has
been educated. His position upon the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, which, often brings
him in connection with those whom he denomi-
nates shysters, sharks, and strykers, may have
educated him in ail the rascality which often
surrounds the Indian department of the Gov-
ernment ; and there he may have been taught
to apply to others the education in which he
has been trained himself. Honi soit qui mal
y pense. I know nothing of any such things.
Nobody has any right to make any such alle-
gations against me. I am the organ of no one
and nobody. I have never been upon this floor
such organ and never will be. I stand here not
for my New York constituency alone or for the
cotton planters alone; I stand here in favor of
my whole country, our common country, for
all parts of it, from Passamaquoddy to the Rio
Grande. I contend that all sections are inter-
ested in the immediate repeal of this destruc-
tive cotton ta*, which injures our manufacturing
and agricultural interests. I argue, therefore,
.that now is the proper time to repeal that tax.
[Hera the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield five minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Hakdixg.]
Mr. HARDING. If I had much to say I
could not say it in five minutes. I design upon
this occasion however, merely to submit a
remark or two upon some points which have
been made in this debate.
I remember, as of yesterday, when the able
gentlemen who constituted the Committee of
Ways and Means introduced before this House
for its approval this measure for the imposi-
tion of a tax upon cotton. But I do not
remember, with some gentlemen upon that
committee, that it was proposed as a tempo-
rary measure, as a war measure, or as a tempo-
rary expedient. On the contrary, I remember,
and I think very distinctly, that the able finan-
cier at the head of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] put it upon the distinct
ground—and he had voluminous statistics to
support his position—that the American peo-
ple nad the monopoly of cotton in the markets
of the world, and 1 yet believe in the correct-
ness of the conclusion to which that gentleman
arrived. I agree with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. McCarthy,] who sits before me,
and who, to my mind, made a very able and
conclusive argument upon this subject, that
we yet maintain that monopoly in the markets
of the world.
It is true, as that gentleman stated, that the
production of cotton in Asia has proved a fail-
ure, has proved ruinous to those who have
engaged in that enterprise. Look at the great
cotton houses in England who have failed by
reason of the depreciation of cotton. I hold
that the present low prices of cotton and of
wool are not owing to this tax upon cotton,
the price of the one as much as the price of
the other. These materials, and the fabrics
which are manufactured from them, were stim-
ulated by the high prices consequent upon the
war, until the immense products of them
glutted the markets of the world. That is a
tact,; and it is for that reason, and not because
| of taxation, that the price of cotton is low in
[ the Liverpool market.
| Pass this bill, take oft' prospectively this tax
of two and a half cents per pound, and what
will be the result? Not a bale of cotton will
be sent forward to market until next year, and
with the next crop. The present crop of cot-
ton will be mingled with the next, and will
thus find its way into the market exempt from
the tax of two and a half cents per pound. Not
a bale of the present crop will be maved, be-
cause the removal of the tax will be a premium
for its retention equal to almost fifty per cent,
of its value. I would infinitely prefer the
proposition of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] to this prospective relief, be-
cause that would permit the cotton to go for-
ward immediately, while this will operate as a
premium for the holding of it, to be sold with
the next crop. Gentlemen may think that this
can be prevented, that measures can be taken
for distinguishing the present crop from the
next crop ; but I tell them that by very simple
machinery the two crops can be so mingled
that no detection could discover the difference.
Again, Mr. Speaker, this measure will not
relieve the laboring masses of the South; it
will merely increase the profits of the lords of
the cotton domain. The passage of this bill
will simply enlarge the rent-roll of those who
own the soil. Their rent will be in proportion
to the profits which labor can wring from the
soil. All the advantages will accrue to the
owners of the cotton domain.
I believe that we can well afford to maintain
this tax. It has not so affected the price of
cotton and cotton fabrics as to prevent this
article of universal necessity from being very
cheap indeed. The argument of gentlemen
here would imply that this tax operates oner-
ously upon those who use cotton manufactures.
But this is not so. Cotton and cotton goods are
cheap, and wool is so low in price that if I did
not hope for relief from the present glut in the
market I would advise my constituents to make
a burnt offering of their sheep. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schesck] to allow me one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so with the stip-
ulation that the gentleman shall not say any-
thing about "the Green Isle," [laughter,] but
shall confine his remarks to the cotton tax.
Mr. ROBINSON. I accept the stipulation.
I shall refrain from referring to anything green.
I will for the present waive the higher subject
and confine myself to the lower. I shall not,
at present, ask the gentleman to elevate his
thoughts to the subjects involved in the " Green
Isle" question, but he will yet follow me on
that question as he has come up to my position
on the cotton tax.
Mr. Speaker, the observation has been made
on this floor that the repeal of thjs tax ought
hot to apply to the present crop because it is
mainly in the hands of speculators. I wish to
say that I rejoice to see so many members com-
ing over to my view of this question. On the
18th of last July (see Congressional Globe,
first session Fortieth Congress, page 719) I made
an effort in this House to prevent the very
thing which these statesmen around me are now
trying to remedy. I endeavored on that day
to bring before the House a joint resolution to
repeal this tax; but I could not secure suffi-
cient cooperation in the effort to enable me to
get the yeas and uays on the motion to suspend
the rules, leading gentlemen on the other side
objecting.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The House being impa-
tient to get at other business, 1 do not propose
to protract this argument any further, but will
confine myself to quoting, in illustration of one
or two points which 1 have already mentioned,
a communication which I have received from
a gentleman from the South, who is connected
with this interest and familiar with it.
In explanation of the fact that purchasers
are producing the appearance of things now
existing, he states that "the cotton as a gen-
eral thing is already picked and baled, and is
purposely detained under transportation per-
mits at the local depots for the purpose of cre-
ating the impression that the crop is short."
In reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Harding,] and as showing
that this measure is not for the especial benefit
of the large planters, but will advance the inter-
ests of a totally different class of men, I wish
to call the attention of the House to a further
statement, also contained in this communica-
tion :
"In many instances in the vicinity of Macon,
Georgia, five bales were produced to the hand, and
in one instance ten bales to the hand. This sbowe
that when the affairs of the States are settled, and
the laborer performs his duties with that sense of
responsibility prevailing in the North, handsome
oropa may be produced."
In this connection I want simply to remark
they were in the olden time satisfied with one
bale to a hand, and yet when it has gone into
the hands of small growers, freedmen, and
others, they have, either upon rented land or
upon patches of their own, produced more than
four or five bales to the hand. And that is the
condition of things I want brought about to
stimulate the production of cotton in that way.
Now, sir. I give way to have the vote taken
on the amendments.
The SPEAKER stated that the debate wa 
terminated, and the first vote would be on Mr.
Covode's amendment ta strike out all after
tire words " shall be," and to insert a provision
to reduce the tax on cotton to one cent per
pound.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Nunn's
amendment to Mr. Brooks's substitute by
adding these words:
Insert after the word " abolished" these words:
On all cotton on the farm where grown and the
property of the producer at the time of the pass use
of this bill.
The amendment was disagreed to.
