1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4491
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be rear! a third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that that bill be
now put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise
the point of order that the bill contains an
appropriation, and I therefore move that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the gentle-
man will not insist upon his motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I must
insist upon it. This matter has been once
before the Committee on Appropriations, and
they rejected it unanimously.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would rather it should
go to the Committee of the Whole under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole has priority
of the motion to refer it to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I make that motion.
The question was then taken upon referring
the bill to the Committee of the Whole, and it
was not agreed to, upon a division—ayes 44,
noes 68.
The question recurred upon referring the
bill to the Committee on Appropriations ; and
being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote last taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE l'ROJI TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference^on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on House bill No. 1446, to relieve
from legal and political disabilities Simeon
Corlcy, John Milledge, and Michael Hahn.
DISTRICT COURT IN UTAH.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 576, relating to the district
court of the United States of Utah Territory;
which was taken up, aud read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the bill
will be put upon its passage now.
Mr. AXTELL. 1 move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Governor of Utah Territory shall assjgn the
district judges of said Territory to their respect-
ive districts, and appoint the times and places
of holding court in each of said districts, not
exceeding two terms in each district in any
one year.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to.
state to the House the reasons for the passage
of this bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not think any
debate is necessary. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon the motion of
Mr. Axteix, that the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary ; and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes 52, nays 59.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, called for
tellers
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were twelve in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The motion to refer was accordingly not
agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays. I know what the bill
is, and i do not want it to pass.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were eleven in the
affirmative, not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers
upon the yeas and nays; and there were six in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reeonsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BINGHAM, from a conference com-
mittee, submitted the following report:
The conference committee on the disagreeing votes
of t le two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 1446) to relieve
from legal and political disabilities Simeon Corley,
John MiUedge, and Michael Hahn, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
HENRY WILSON.
CHARLES It. B0CKALEW,
Managers art the part of the tienaie.
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
JAMES B. BECK.
JAMES M. ASHLEY,
Managers on the part <>J th.e House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MULLINS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. As the question on agree-
ing to the conference report is substantially
the same question as that on the passage of
the bill, and as bills removing political disabil-
ities must, under the fourteenth constitutional
amendment, be passed by a two-thirds vote,
such a vote is necessary on agreeing to this
report.
On agreeing to the report, there were—ayes
86, noes 25.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
report was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN POTTS
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 505) for the relief of John
Potts ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill appropriates $3,500 to pay John
Potts, chief clerk of the Department of War,
for services as disbursing clerk from 1861 to
July 1, 1868. It also provides tllat it shall be
lawful hereafter to pay the disbursing clerk of
the Department of War $200 yearly in addition
to his salary, whether such officer shall have
been appointed from the clerks of the fourth
class or from a higher grade.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move the reference of this bill to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope that the bill will not
be referred. This officer was called on to per-
form this extra duty for which lie has never
been compensated. The bill has been ex-
amined by the Committee of the Senate, and
has passed that body unanimously.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. We
have had many bills of this kind before our
committee, and we think that no such bill
ought to pass without examination. Some
general principle should be followed with ref-
erence to all such cases. I call for the pre-
vious question on the motion to refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Washburn, of
Massachusetts, was agreed to, and the bill was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WARD moved to consider the vote by
which the bill was referred ; and also- moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the credentials
of Mr. P. M. B. Young, claiming a seat as a
Representative from the State of Georgia ■,
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
GOVERNMENT OF THE ARMY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 529) establishing rules and
articles for the government of the armies of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move the
reference of this bill to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRUSTEES OF COLORED SCHOOLS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 609) transferring the duties
of trustees of colored schools of Washington and
Georgetown; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let that bill be referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. We do not want to pass it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know but it ought to be passed. I ask that it
be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the sev-
eral acts of Congress authorizing the appoint-
ment and defining the duties of the board of
trustees of colored schools for the cities of
Washington and Georgetown in the District of
Columbia shall be so modified as to transfer
the duties heretofore imposed upon said trus-
tees of colored schools to the trustees of public
schools in those cities; and that all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent herewith shall be
repealed.
The bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
WAR CLAIMS OF KANSAS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 214, to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to settle the claims of the State
of Kansas for services of the militia called out
by the Governor of that State upon the requi-
sition of Major General Curtis, the commander
of the United States forces in that State ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to strike
out that part of the bill which makes an appro-
priation.
Mr. DELANO. I understand the bill makes
an appropriation, and I therefore make the
point of order that it must have its first consid-
eration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill contains the fol-
lowing section :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall, before
proceeding to the discharge of their duties, besworn
that they will carefully examine the accounts exist-
ing between the United States and theStateof Kan-
sas, and that they will, to the best of theiratrility,
makeajust, true, and impartial statement thereof,
as required by this act. They shall receive such com-
pensation for their services as maybe determined by
the Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding ten
dollars per day for each commissioner. And the
amount necessary to defray said expenses and the
award made by the commissioners, not to execcd
$259,000, is hereby appropriated out of utty money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill does make an appropriation, but it
may be referred to one of the standing com-
mittees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I more
