1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress granting lands to the Oregon and
California Railroad Company he will find pre-
cisely such a provision as I have stated. Here
is the document; I appeal to "the law and the
testimony."
Mr. JULIAN. Read it.
Mr. PRICE. I have not time in four min-
utes to read four pages of this book.
Mr. JULIAN. It is a very different pro-
vision.
Mr. PRICE. Then, again, in the act grant-
ing lands to the Atlantic and Pacific railroad
the corporators are named, there being about
one hundred of them. Here are two prece-
dents established in reference to this matter.
Yet my friend from Indiana says that this bill
is without a precedent, unparalleled in the
history of the legislation of this country. I
offer the record against his declaration. The
House can accept whichever they please.
Mr. JULIAN. In the case of the Pacific
railroad the grant could not be made to the
States, because that road was to pass through
different States and through territory not
organized.
Mr. PRICE. I am not speaking of the
Pacific railroad; I am speaking of the Atlan-
tic and California railroad, commencing at
Springfield, Missouri, and running by way of
Albuquerque to the Pacific ocean. There the
corporators are named individually, there be-
ing something like one hundred. In the act
incorporating the Oregon and Pacific railroad,
running from Portland, in Oregon, to the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, precisely such a grant as
this is made. This bill is for a continuation
of that road, as gentlemen will see when they
examine the matter.
Mr. JULIAN. The roads to which those
grants were made passed through different
States. In the present case the road is wholly
m the Territory of Washington, and there is
therefore no necessity for granting the land
to a corporation. It. would be, as I have said,
an exception to our policy in making these
grants.
Mr. PRICE. And we have coverod that
exception by a provision not embraced in any
railroad grant made by the Thirty-Eighth, the
Thirty-Ninth, or the Fortieth Congress. This
bill is better guarded than any land grant ever
passed by the Congress of the United States.
We have guarded it for the purpose of pro-
tecting the public against a monopoly of this
kind. Learning as we go on, we propose to
make each bill a little better than its predeces-
sors, so that eventually we may arrive at some-
thing like perfection in this branch of business.
Now, sir,.I notice that my time is about to
expire. I do not know what may be the dispo-
sition of the House in regard to this matter. I
should be glad if my fnend from Washington
Territory [Mr. Flaxders] should be allowed
an opportunity to submit some remarks upon
this subject, 1 believe, however, I mustdemand
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, if I withdraw
the demand for the previous question, and the
morninghourexpires, whatwillbe thecondition
of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will go over till to-
morrow.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to conform to the wishes
of the House. I will call the previous question,
and the House can sustain it, if it wishes to
close up this matter in an hour. If it does not,
it will vote down the previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 34, noes (56.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and on that motion
I demand the jirevious question.
Mr. FLANDERS. I hope the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julias] will
not prevail.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman from Washington Territory [Mr.
Flanders] will be permitted to make a brief
statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. FLANDERS. I have prepared some
remarks on this subject which I would like to
submit. I think if the merits of this bill were
fairly presented to the House; if gentlemen
here understood the importance of this land-
grant railroad to Washington Territory as you,
Mr. Speaker, understand it, and as some other
gentlemen on this floor who have traveled over
that part of the country understand it, I do not
believe they would refuse to give us this land-
grant to enable us to build this line of railroad.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must sus-
pend, as the Chair thinks the time allowed him
for explanation has expired.
Mr. FLANDERS. I only wish to say the
whole length of the road does not exceed one
hundred miles; and it passes through lands
which have not yet been surveyed and which
are unoccupied, where we now have no road.
I hope the motion to refer to the Committee
on the Public Lands will not be agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Washington Territory will
be permitted to print his remarks.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the Chair will recognize the gentleman from
Washington Territory.
Mr. FLANDERS. Mr. Speaker, I propose
very briefly to state some of the reasons why
Congress should pass this bill and extend the
aid asked for, by giving to this company a
grant of land to enable them to build a rail-
road from Paget sound to the Columbia river.
The distance from Steilacoom, on Puget sound,
(the probable startingpoint,) to Vancouver, on
the Columbia river, is about one hundred miles.
The proposed route of this railroad is for the
most of that distance over a comparatively
level country, running through the Cowlitz
valley, crossing the Chehalis river and valley,
also the Nesqualla valley, passing a large por-
tion of the distance not only over unoccupied
but unsurveyed lands—and as beautiful and
fertile as any on this continent, but now uu-
occupied, uncultivated, and almost unknown,
but which will in a few years, if this and other
lines of communication are open, support as
dense a population as is found m any of the
older States. The importance of a road across
this isthmus, which separates the largest river
that empties in the Pacific ocean from the
most beautiful inland sea on the globe, cannot
be overestimated, connecting, as it will, the
Columbia river, which drains that vast region
of country which lies between the Roeky
mountains on the east, the Cascade mountains
on the west, extending almost to the Arctic
Circle on the north, and into which flow the
waters of western Utah and northern Nevada
on the south, and which then breaks through
the Cascade range of mountains, and receives
on its way to the ocean the waters of Willa-
mette, then flows on through an almost still
unbroken forest for one hundred and thirty
miles, and pours its immense volume into the
Pacific. This is the river which this bill pro-
poses to connect by railroad with the waters
of Puget sound.
It is doubtless known to every member of
this House that Washington Territory, which
contains about seventy thousand square miles,
is divided by the Cascade mountains into two
nearly equal parts, what may properly be called
eastern and western Washington.
It may not, however, be known that we have
no road connecting those distant portions of
our Territory. Neither have we any road from
the Columbia river to the sound, with the ex-
ception of a military road which was built by
the Government about fifteen or sixteen years
ago from the Cowlitz river, at a point six miles
above its junction with the Columbia, to Olym-
pia, about ninety miles. This road, bad at all
times, is nearly impassable for four months in
the year. Not only is our Territory nearly
equally divided, but the population of the east-
ern and western portions is about equal.
The present means of communication be-
tween those two portions of the Territory) and
the only route by which the people of those
counties east of the mountains can reach
Olympia, the capital, is to go down the Co-
lumbia river to the Cowlitz, thence overland
by the road which was just spoken of. Over
this road during the past winter it has been
found impossible to carry the mails for weeks
together. And to show the delay to which the
mails are liable on this route I will state that
my letters from Olympia and other points.on
Puget sound, which should reach me in from
twent.y-tvvo to twenty-four days, have been since
last November from forty-two to sixty-four
days on the way.
it will therefore be seen that the people of
the eastern portion of the Territory are prac-
tically cut off from attending the sittings of the
Legislature or of the supreme court. Give us
this road, and by it and the Columbia river
the eastern and western portions of the Terri-
tory are brought, by steamboat and railroad,
into easy and speedy communication with each
other. The building of this road is important,
as it will open and make available much of the
best land of the Territory. As I said before,
it runs through the Cowlitz valley, which does
not contain less than five hundred thousand
acres of good land, now almost wholly unoc-
cupied. It crosses the Chehalis river and val-
ley, a valley equally as large as the Cowlitz,
and which, perhaps, contains more good land.
The Chehalis river, which runs through this
valley and empties into the Pacific ocean at
Gray's harbor, is navigable for small steamers
for a distance of about ninety miles from its
mouth, and to a point near where this railroad
would cross that stream. All the land along
this river and in this valley would he taken up
and improved as soon as this road is built.
This road also crosses the Nesqualla valley,
but little less in extent than either of the
others, and which is equally as fertile.
Not only will it open up these three large
valleys which I have named and cause the land
in thein to be immediately taken up and im-
proved, but it will open almost innumerable
smaller valleys along its entire length and on
either side, lands which are now unoccupied
and valueless to the Government and to the
people, and which will remain so until this or
some similar road is built. Let me state some
further reasons why this road should be built.
There was shipped during the last year from
Walla Walla valley to San Francisco and New
York not less than two thousand tons of flour.
And that while the mill-owners on Puget sound
were actually buying their flour in San Fran-
cisco, flour which was made in Washing-
ton Territory and shipped from there to tho
sound, so that it was found cheaper to trans-
port this flour from Portland to San Francisco
and from San Francisco back to Puget sound,
a distance of not less than fourteen hundred
miles, and to pay two commissions and the
cost of reshipmeut, than to transport it less
than one hundred miles over any road we now
have.
It must be remembered that the great inter-
ests of Puget sound is the lumber business,
and that the flour and grain thus shipped wero
to supply those engaged in the manufacture
of lumber.
I wish to state in this connection that there
was shipped during the last year from Puget
sound more than two hundred million feet of
manufactured lumber and spars, and not less
than twenty thousand tons of coal. From
Puget sound we are in part or wholly supply-
ing not only the Pacific coast with lumber,
south from San Francisco to Valparaiso, but
large quantities are shipped to Australia, tho
Sandwich islands, and all the islands of the
Pacific. Also large quantities of manufactured
lumber and spars are shipped every year to
China. And the dockyards of Europe are
supplied with spars from our forests. A"iS
trade, now in its infancy, will m a few years
become of national importance. We possess
here and in our recent purchase of Alaska
the last great forests of the world, and, it the
