1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
ferred to the Committee on the Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
STATE OF MONTANA.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 808) to enable the people of the Terri-
tory of Montana to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of
said State into the Union ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
WASHINGTON MASONIC MUTUAL ASSOCIATION.
. Mr. WOOD introduced a bill (H. It. 800)
to incorporate the Washington Masonic Mutual
Relief Association of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
HEIRS OF THOMAS W. IIARVEY, DECEASED.
Mr. HAIGHT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
810) for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Thomas W. Harvey, deceased; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
HENRY S. GIBBONS.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 211) for the relief of Henry S.
Gibbons, late postmaster at St. John's, Mich-
igan ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
CLAIMS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 212) to provide for the examina-
tion of certain claims in the State of Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 811) to divide the State of Illinois into
three judicial districts; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
INDIANA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
812) granting a bounty of fifty dollars to the
soldiers of the twelfth and sixteenth regiments
of one year Indiana volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 813) declaratory of the meaning of a cer-
tain clause in section ninety-four of an act to
provide internal revenue, &c.; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
POST OFFICE AND CUSTOM-HOUSE AT CAIRO.
Mr. RAUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
814) to secure the completion of the post office
and custom-house at Cairo, Illinois ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
MARY MERCHANT.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
815) for the relief of Mary Merchant, of Han-
cock county, Ohio; which was read a firstand
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
HOMESTEAD ENTRIES IN OHIO.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 816) to authorize homestead
entries in the Virginia military district in Ohio ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
bills having been concluded, the next business
in order is the call of the States and Territories
for resolutions.
PAY 01? CLAIMANTS TO SEATS.
Mr. ELD RIDGE introduced the_ following
resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion thereon:
Remhed, That there be paid out of the contingent,
fund of this House to John Young Brown the sum of
$2,500, in full for time spent and expenses incurred
in prosecuting his claim to a seat in this House
under and by virtue of the certificate of election of
his Stato in due form.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
This resolution has virtually been voted down
once, and it is not now in order that it should
be offered again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order for two reasons. - In the first
place, it has not been voted down in its pres-
ent shape. A resolution in favor of four con-
testants was voted down. In the second place,
the objection was not made in time.
Mr. MULLINS. I raise another point of
order. It involves an appropriation, and it
must, therefore, go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
also. The payment being ordered out of the
contingent fund, it is not an appropriation bill.
The contingent fund is provided for by an
appropriation.
Mr. MULLINS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr, DAWES. Will the House hear me on
this question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chairman of the
Committee of Elections desires to be heard
on this question. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. DAWES. I really hope the House will
adopt this resolution and two others that will
be offered after it. It is a resolution to com-
pensate a claimant to a seat. It proposes to
pay about half or less than half the amount of
the annual salary of a member to a gentleman
who comes here with the certificate of his Gov-
ernor and with six thousand majority, but who
was refused admission upon a question that
had never been decided anywhere, and upon
which after examination and hearing of argu-
ment the committee to which the case was
referred were equally divided.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of order.
Debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The resolution is not debatable
under the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
withdraw the point of order.
Mr. WARD. I am willing that the resolu-
tion shall go over so that we can debate it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman insists on
the point of order, and the Chair sustains it.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I hope the House will
do justice in this case.
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays for the present.
Mr. ECKLEY. I renew the demand.
Mr. WARD. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following res-
olution, upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That there bo paid to Samuel E. Smith
out of the contingent fund of the House 62,500, in full
for time spent and expenses incurred in prosecuting
his claim to a sent in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS. I offer the following res-
olution, upon v/hich I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That there be paid to G. G. Symos out of
the contingent fund of the Hoose $2,500, in Ml for
time spent and expenses incurred in prosecuting his
claim to a seat in this House from the first congres-
sional district in Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How many
mote resolutions of this kind are there?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
amend that resolution, so as to inclstje tie
name of Judge Birch, of Missouri.
Mr. HOPKINS. I prefer that each, case
shall stand on its own merits.
The question was put on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 57, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Schenck
and Hopkins were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes G7, noes 36.
Sp the previous question was seconded.
Tirti main question was then ordered, being
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HAIGHT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 52, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Banks. Beatty, Bingham,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Bodge, Driggs, Eliot, Farns-
worth, i'erriss, Fields, Harding, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Hunter, Ingersoil, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley. Kelsey,
Laflin, Loan, Lynch, Ma)lory, McCarthy, McClurg,
MoCormick, Mercur. Miller, Moorhend, Morrell,
Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Nurm, O'jSFeill, Paine,
Pike, Poland, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Trowbiidge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn. Van Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Benton, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Covode, CuUom, Eckley, Eld-
ridge. Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Griswold, Gro-
vcr, Haight, Hotchkiss, Chester 1). Hubbard, Hul-
buid, Johnson, Ketcham, Knott, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loughridge, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, Niblack, Orth, Perham, Phelps, Plants,
Pruyn, Randall, Schenck, Sitgreaves, Taber, Tay-
lor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Ward, Elihu li. Washburne, Wood, and Wood-
ward—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Beaman, Benja-
min, Blame, Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanter, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eggleston. Ela.. Ferry, Finney, Eox, Gar-
field, Gravely, Ilalsey, lligby,Hill, Holma.n, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Jones, Judd. Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln,
Logan,Marshall, Maynard. Moore, Morgan, Moms-
soy, Newcomb, Nicholson, Peters,Pile,Polsley,Porn-
eroy. Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Shetlabar-
gor, Smith.Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffe,Thomas,
John Trimble, Twichell, RobertT. Van Horn.Henry
1). Washburn, William Williams, aud Stephen I?.
Wilson—59.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT SNELLING RESERVATION.
Mr. DODGE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to ascertain what portion, if any, of tho
military reservation of Fort Snelling it is necessary
or expedient to retain for military purposes, and upon
what terms undisputed title can bo acquired by the
Government to the same, and what legislation, if any,
is necessary to enable the War Department to make
a full statement between the Government and the
purchaser of said reservation, both as to the purohase
of the same and the use or occupation thereof, since
the purchase, by United States troops, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. A LLISO N. I submit the following reso-
lution, upon which I call the previous question:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that to
the legislative power of Congress alone belongs the
right to determine the rates of duties on importa-
tions, and that it is beyond the province of the Presi-
dent and Senate, as the treaty-making power, to
authorize importation of the manufactures or prod-
ucts of foreign countries, execptatsueh rates of duty
as tho tariff laws of the united States may prescribe.
The question was taken upon seconding tho
call for the previous question; and upon a
division there were—ayes 04, tioes 29; no quo-
rum voting.
