THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
power, however, I may be allowed to say in !
passing, to the President, and never was so held ,
by iin\ body in this country. The provisions I
of tiie Constitution which I have read grant to
the President of the United States no legishv I
tive nor judicial power. Both of thesepowers. j
legi.-da.tive and judicial, are necessarily involved :
in the defense this day attempted to bo set up !
by (he Executive ; first, in the words of his own I
counsel, that he may judicially interpret the 1
Constitution for himself and judicially detenu- I
ine upon tlie validity of every enactment of j
Congress; and second, in the position assumed
by himself, and for which he stands charged
here at your bar as a criminal, to repeal—I use
the word advisedly and considerately—to re-
peal by his own will and pleasure the laws
enacted by the Representatives of the people.
This power of suspending the laws, of dispens-
ing with their execution until such time as it
may suit his pleasure to test their validity in
the courts, is a repeal for the time being, and,
if it lie sustained by the Senate, may last during
his natural life, if so bo the American people
should so long tolerate him in the oflice'of
Chief Magistrate of the nation. Why should I
.stop to aigue the question whether such a
power as this, legislative and judicial, may be
rightfully assumed by the Picoident of the
United States, under the Constitution, when
that Constitution expressly declares that, all
legislative power granted by this Constitution
shall be vested in Congress, and that all judi-
cial power shall be vested in a Supreme Court
and in such inferior courts as the Congress may
by law establish, subject, nevertheless, to the
limitations and definitions of power embraced
in the Constitution itself? The assumption
upon which the defense of the President rests,
that he shall only execute such laws as he ap-
proves or deems constitutional, is an assump-
tion which invests him with legislative and
judicial power in direct contravention of the
express words of the Constitution.
if the President may dispense with one act
of Congress upon his own discretion, may he
not m like manner dispense with every act of
Congress ? I ask yon, Senators, whether this
conclusion does not necessarily result, as ne-
nessarily as effect follows efficient cause? If
not. pray why not? Is the Senate of the Uni-
ted Stales, in order to shelter this great crim-
inal, to adopt the bold assumption of unre-
stricted executive prerogative, the wild and
guilty fantasy that the king can do no wrong,
and thereby elothe the Executive of the Amer-
ican people with power to suspend and dis-
pense with the execution of their laws a.t his
pleasure, to interpret their Constitution for
himself, and thereby annihilate their Govern-
ment?
Senators, I have endeavored to open this
question before yen iu its magnitude. 1 trust
that I have succeeded, lie assured of one thing,
that according to the best of my ability, in the
presence of the Representatives of the nation,
1 have not been unmindful of my oath; and I
beg leave to say to you, Senators, this day, in
all candor, that, in my judgment, no question
of mightier import was ever before presented
to the American Senate, and to say further,
that no question of greater magnitude ever can
come by possibility before the American Sen-
ate, or any question upon the decision of which
"greater interests necessarily depend.
In considering this great question of the
power of the President by virtue of his execu-
tive office to suspend the laws and dispense
with their execution, I pray you, Senators,
consider that the Constitution of your coun-
try, essential to oar national life, cannot exist
without legislation duly enacted by the Repre-
sentatives of the people in Congress assembled
andduly executed by their chosen Chief Magis-
trate. Courts, neither supreme nor inferior,
for the administration of justice within the
limitations of your Constitution, can exist
without legislation. Is'the Senate to be told
that this Department of the Government, es-
sential to the peace of the - Republic, essential
to the administration of justice between man
Kuppl ement—25.
and man, those ininiotcrs of justice who, in the
simple oath of the purer day* of the Republic,
were sworn U) do e'jual justice between the
poor and the rich, shall not administer justice
at all if pcichuiicc the President of the Uni-
ted Stales may choose, when the Congress
comes to enact a law 1'or the organization of
the judiciary, and enact it even despite his ob-
jections to the contrary in accordance with
the Constitution by a two-thirds vote, to de-
clare that according to his judgment and his
convictions it violates the. Constitution of the
country, and therefore it shall not be put into
execution ?
Senators, if he has the power 1o sit in judg-
ment judicially—and I use the word of his
advocate.—upon the teuure-of-olHceuct of 3 8(17,
he has like power to sit in judgment judicially
upon every other act of Congiess ; and in the
event of the President of the United States
interfering with the execution of a judiciary
act establishing for the first time, if you please,
in your history, or for the second lime, if you
please, if by some strange intervention of Provi-
dence the existing judges should perish from
the earth, I would like to know what becomes
of this naked and bald pretense (unlit to be
play ed wit it by children, much less by full-grown
men) of the President, tlml. he only violate.-, the
laws innocently and harmlessly, to have the
question decided in the courts, when he arro-
gates to himself tin1 power to prevent any court,
sitting in judgment upon the question?
Representatives to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States cannot be chosen without legisla-
tion ; first, the legislation of the Congress ap-
portioning representation among the several
States according to the whole number of repre-
sentative population in each; and second, an
enactment, either of the Congress or of the
Legislatures of the several States fixing the
time, place, and manner of holding the elec-
tions. Is it possible that the President of the
United States, in the event of such legislation
by the Congress, clearly authorized by the very
terms of the Constitution, and essential to the
very existence of the Government, is permit-
ted, in the exercise of his judicial executive
authority, to sit in judgment upon your statute
and say that it shall not be executed ? This
power given by your Constitution to the Con-
gress to prescribe the time and place and man-
ner of holding elections for Representatives in
Congress in the several States, and to alter as
well the provisions of the State Legislatures,
in the words of one of the framers of the Con-
stitution, was put into the instrument to enable
the people through the national Legislature to
perpetuate the legislative department of their
own Government in the event of the defection
of the State Legislatures; and wo are to be
told here, and we are to deliberate upon it from
day to day and from week to week, that the
President of the United States is, by virtue of
his executive office and his executive preroga-
tive, clothed with the authority to determine
the validity of your law and to suspend it and
dispense with its execution at pleasure.
Again, a President of the United States to
execute the laws of the people enacted by their
Representatives in Congress assembled, can-
not be chosen without legislation. Are we
again to be told that the President at every step
is vested with authority to dispense with the
execution of the law and to suspend its opera-
tion till he can have a decision, if you please,
in the courts of justice? Revenue cannot be
raised, in the words of the Constitution, to
provide for the common defense and general
welfare without legislation. Is the President
to intervene with his executive prerogative to
d-eclare that your revenue laws do not meet his
approval, and in the exercise of his independent
coordinate power as one of the departments of
this Government chooses to suspend the law
and dispense with its execution ? If the Pres-
ident may set aside all laws and suspend their
execution at pleasure, it results that he may
annul the Constitution and annihilate the Gov-
ernment, and that is the issue before the Amer-
ican Senate. I do not go ©utsideof his answer
to establish it, a.s 1 shall show before I have
done with this controversy.
The Constitution itself', according to this
assumption, is at Ins mcrcv, as well as the huvs,
and the people of the United States are to
stand by and be mocked and derided iu their
own Capitol when, itt nccotdaneo with the ex-
ptess provision of their Constitution, they bring
him to the bar of the Senate to answer for such
a crime than which nonegroatereverwas com-
mitted since the day when the first crime was
committed upon this planet, as it sprung from
the hand of the Creator ; that crime which cov-
ered one manly biow witli the ashy paleness
and terrible beautv of death, and another with
the damning blotch of fratricide. The people
are not to be answered at this bar that it is in
vain that they have put into the hands of their
Representatives the power to impeach such a
malefactor, and by the express words of their
Constitution tliey have put the power into the
hands of the Senate, the exclusive power, the
sole power to try him for his high crimes and
misdemeanors.
The question t.ouches tlic nation's life. I3e
it, known, Senators, that your matchless con-
stitution of government, the hope of the strug-
ling fiiends of liberty in all hinds, and for the
perpetuity and the triumph of -which millions
of hands are lifted this day in silent prayer to
the God of nations, can no more exist, without
laws duly enacted by the law-making power
of the people than can the people themselves
exist without air or without that, bright heaven
which bends above us filled with the life-giving
breath of the Almighty. A Constitution and
laws which are not and cannot be enforced are
dead. The vital principle of your Constitution
and laws is that they shall b« the supreme law
of the land—supreme in every Stale, supreme
in every 'Territory, supreme in every rood of
the Republic, supreme upon every deck covered
by your flag, in every zone of the globe. And
yet we are debating here to-day whether a man
whose breath is in his nostrils, the mere ser-
vant of the people, may not suspend the exe-
cution both of the Constitution and of the laws
at his pleasure, and defy the power of the
people. 'The determination, Senators, of all
these questions is involved in this issue, and
it is for the Senate, and the Senate alone, to
decide them and to decide them aright,.
I have dwelt thus long upon this point be-
cause it underlies the whole question in issuo
here between the President and the people,
and upon its determination the decision of the
whole issue depends. If I am right in the
position that (he acts of Congress are law,
binding upon the President and to be executed
by him until repealed by Congress or acttiallv
reversed by the courts, it results that the wilf-
ful violation of such acts of Congress by the
President and the persistent refusal to execute
them is a high crime or misdemeanor,, within
the terms of the Constitution, for which he is
impeachable, and of which, if he be guilty, he
ought to be convicted and removed from the
office that he has dishonored. It is not need-
ful to inquire whether only crimes or misde-
meanors specifically made such by the statutes
of the United States are impeachable, becitu^g
by the laws of the United States'all crimes
and misdemeanors at the common law, com-
mitted within the District of Columbia, are
made indictable. I believe it is conceded on
every hand that a crime or misdemeanor ma3e
indictable by the laws of tha United States',
when committed, by an officer of the United
States in his office, in violation of Kis sworn
duty, is a high crime and misdemeanor within
the meaning of the Constitution". At all events,
if that be not-accepted as a true and self-evident,
proposition by Senators, it would be in vain
that I should argue further with them. J
might as well expect to kindle life under the
ribs of death as to persuade a Se'riate, so lost
to every sense of duty and t.0 the voice of rear
sonitsell, which comes to the conclusionthat
after all it is not a high Crime and misde-
meanor under the Constitution for a President
of the United States deliberately and purposely,
