386
SUPPLEMENT TO
in violation of his oath, in violation of the plain
letter of the Constitution that he shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed, to set the
laws aside and defiantly declare that he will
not execute them.
Senators, I refer in passing, without stop-
ping to read the statute, for I believe it was
read by my associate, [Mr. Manager Bout-
well,] to the act of February 27, 1801, (2
Statutes-at-Large, 103, 104,) which declares
that the common law as it existed in Maryland
at the date of the cession shall be in force in the
District I refer also to 4 Statutes-at-Largo,
page 450, section fifteen, which declares that
all crimes and offenses not therein specific-
ally provided for shall be punished as there-
tofore provided, referring to the act of 1801.
I refer also to 12 Statutes-at-Large, page 763,
section three, which confers jurisdiction to
try all these offenses upon the courts of the
District.
That common-law offenses are indictable in
the District has been settled by the courts of
the District and by the Supreme Court. In the
United States vs. Watkins, 3 Cranch, the cir-
cuit court of the District ruled—
"In regard to offenses committed within this part
of the District the United States have a criminal
common law and thoeourt has criminaleommon-iaw
jurisdiction."
And in the case of the United States vs. Ken-
dall, before referred to in 12 Peters, 014, the
court ruled:
"That tho common law as it was in force in Mary-
land when tho cession was made remained in l'orce
in tho District."
It is clear that the offenses charged in the
articles, if committed in the District of Colum-
bia, would bo indictable, for at the common
law an indictment lies for all misdemeanors
of a public evil example, for neglecting duties
imposed by law, and for offenses against com-
mon decency, 4 Bacon's Abridgement, page
302, letter K.
This is all, Senators, that I deem it import-
ant at present to say upon tho impeachable
character of the offenses specified in tho arti-
cles against tho President further than to re-
mark that although the question does notarise
upon this trial for the reasons already stated,
a crime or misdemeanor committed by a civil
officer of tho United Slates not indictable by
our own laws or by any laws, has never yet
been decided not to be impeachable under the
Constitution of the United States; nor can
that question ever be decided save by the Sen-
ate of the United States. I do not propose to
waste words, if the Senate please, in noticing
what but for the respect I bear hiin I would
call the mere lawyer's quiik of the learned
counsel from Massachusetts upon the defense
[ill*. Curtis] that even if the President be
guilty of tho crimes laid to his charge in the
articles presented by the House of Represent-
atives, they are not high crimes and misde-
meanors within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, because they are not kindred to the great
crimes of treason and bribery. It is enough,
Senators, for me to remind you of what, I have
already said that they are crimes which touch
the nation's life, which touch the stability of
your institutions; they are crimes which, if
tolerated by this highest judicial tribunal in
the land, vest the President by solemn judg-
ment with the power under the Constitution to
suspend at pleasure all the laws upon your
statute-book, and thereby overturn your Gov-
ernment. They have heretofore been held
crimes, and crimes of such magnitude that
they have cost the perpetrators their lives—not
simply their offices, but their lives. Of this 1
m,i\ have more to say hereafter.
lint i return to my proposition. The defense
of the President is not whether indictable
crimes or offenses are laid to his charge, but
it rests upon the broad proposition, as already
said, that impeachment will not lie against him
for any violation of the Constitution and laws
because of his asserted constitutional right to
judicially interpret every provision of the Con-
stitution for himself, and also to interpret for
himself the validity of everv law and execut-
or disregard upon his election any provision
of either the Constitution or the laws, espe-
cially if he declare at or after the fact that his
only purpose in violating the one or the other
was to have a true construction of the Consti-
tution in the one case and a judicial determ-
ination of the validity of the law in the other,
in the courts of the United States.
That I do not state this as the position of
the President too strongly, 1 pray Senators to
notice what I now say, for 1 would count my-
self a dishonored man if purposely here or
elsewhere I should misrepresent the position
assumed by the President. The counsel for
the President [Mr. Curtis] in his opening at-
tempts to gainsay the statement as 1 have just
made it, that the defense of the President rests
upon the assumption as stated in his answer.
The counsel, in the opening, slates, that—I
quote his words from page 382, and they were
qualified by none of his associates who fol-
lowed him; the statement was considerately
made; he meant precisely what he said, as
follows:
" But when. Senators, the question arises whether
a particular law has cut otF a power contided to him
(the President) by tho people through the Constitu-
tion, and ho alone ean raiso that question, and he
alone ean cause a judicial decision to come between
tho two brandies of the Government to say which
ot'lhem is ritfht, and after due deliberation with tho
advice uf those who are his proper advisers, he settles
down lirnily upon tho opinion that suck is the char-
acter of tho law"—
That is to say, that it is unconstitutional,
that it cuts off a power confided to him by the
people—
"it remains to bo decided by you whether there is
any violation of his duty when he takos tho needful
steps to rai^e that question and havo it peacefully
decided in tile courts."
I ask, Senators, in ail candor, if the President
of tho United States, by force of the Consti-
tution, as the learned counsel argue, is vested
with judicial authority thus to interpret tho
Constitution and decide upon the validity of
any law of Congress upon this statement of
counsel as I have just read it from the report
now before you and upon your tables, what is
there to hinder the President from saying this
of every law of tho land ; that it cuts off some
power confided to him by the people?
Senators, the learned gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was too self-poised ; he is, mani-
festly, too profound a man to launch out upon
this wild, stormy sea of anarchy, careless of
all consequences, in the maimer in which some
of his associates did. You may remember—
and I quote it only from memory, but it is
burned into my brain, and will only perish
with my life—you remember the utterance of
the gentleman from New York, not so careful
of his words, who before you said, in the pro-
gress of his argument, that the Constitution had
invested the President with the power to guard
the people's rights against congressional en-
croachments. You remember that as he pro-
gressed in his argument he ventured upon the
I further assertion in the presence ot' the Senate
| of the United States, and so you will find it
I written doubtless in the report, that if you
| dared to decide against tho President upon this
I issue, the question would be raised before the
j people under the banner of the supremacy of
| the Constitution in defense of the President,
| and the omnipotence of Congress upon the
! other; the supremacy of tho Constitution would
! be the sign under which the President was to
j conquer against the omnipotence of Congress
i to bmd him by laws enacted by themselves in
. the mode prescribed bj' the Constitution.
| Senators, I may be pardoned lor summoning
the learned counsel from Massachusetts as a
: witness against the assumption of his client,
and against the assumption of his associate
counsel, touching this power of the President
i to dispense with the execution of the laws. In
t 18G2 there was a pamphlet issued bearing the
I name of the learned gentleman from Massa-
1 chusetts touching the limitations upon execu-
| tive power imposed by the Constitution. I read
' from that pamphlet, and pledge myself to pro-
I duee the original, so that it moy bo inspected
by the Senate. I regret that my reporter has
not brought it into the court. It shores the
difference between the current of a learned
man's thoughts when he speaks for the people
and according to his own convictions, and the
thoughts of the same learned man when he
speaks for a retainer:
" Executive Power" by B. R.Curtis: Cambridge, 186X
"Dedicated—" To all persons who have sworn to
supoort tho Constitution of the United States, and to
all citizens who value the principles of civil Liberty
which that Constitution embodies, and foj the preser-
vation of which it is our only security, these pages
are respectfully dedicated"—by the Author.
"The President is the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, not only by force of the Constitution,
but under and subject to the Constitution, and to
every restriction therein contained, and to every taw
enacted by its authority, as completely and clearly
as the private in the ra_nks._ He is General-m-Chic),
but can « General-in-Chief disobey any law oj his own
country? When he can he superadd* to his riafa/i as
commander the powers of a usurper; and that is util-
tary despotism" themcreauthot—
ity to command an army is not an authority to disobey
the laws of the country."
The President has only executive power, not
legislative, not judicial. The learned counsel has
learned that word "judicial'' after he entered
upon the defense of the President. I may be
pardoned in saying that I lay nothing to his
charge in this. He boro himself bravely and
well in the presence of this tribunal. lie dis-
charged his duty and his whole duty to hiscli- nt.
If he has even changed his mind he had a right
to change it in the interests of his client; but
I have a right to have him bear witness in the
interests of the people and in support of the
Constitution of my country. I therefore rend
further from him :
"Besides all the powers of the President are exec-
utive merely, lie cannot mako a law. lie cannot
repeal one. lie can only execute the laws. He can
neither make nor suspend nor alter them. lie can-
not even make an article of war."
That is good law. It was not good law in
the midst of the rebellion, but it is good law,
nevertheless, under the Constitution, in the
light of the interpretation given to it by that
great man, Mr. John Quincy Adams, whom I
before cited. When the limitations of the Con
stitution are operative, when the whole land is
covered with tho serene light of peace, when
every human being, citizen and stranger, within
your gates is under the shelter of the limitations
of the Constitution, it is the very law and noth-
ing but the law.
Now, Senators, that this alleged judicial
executive power of tho President to suspend
at his discretion all the laws upon your statute-
book and to dispense with their execution is
the defense and the whole defense of this Pres-
ident seems to mo clear—clear as that light of
heaven in which we live, and so clear, what-
ever may be the decision of this tribunal, that
it will be apparent to the judgment of the
American people. It cannot be otherwise. It
is written in his answer. It is written in the
arguments of his counsel printed and laid upon
your tables. No mortal man can evade it. It
is all there is of it; and to establish this asser-
tion that it is all there is of it I ask Senators
to consider what article the President has
denied? Not one. I ask the Senate to con-
sider what offense charged against him in the
articles of the House of Representatives ho has
not openly by his answer confessed or is not
clearly established by the proof? Not one.
Who can doubt that while the Senate was in
session the President, in direct violation of
the express requirement of the law, which, in
the language of his honor, the Chief Justice, in
the Mississippi case, left no discretion in him,
enjoined a special duty on him, did purposely,
deliberately, violate the law and defy its au-
thority, in that he issued an order for the ic-
moval of the Secretary for the Department of
War and issued a letter of authority for the
appointment of a successor, the Senate being
in session and not consulted in the pi onuses?
The order and the letter of authority are wnt-
^ ten witnesses of the guilt of the accused. They
| are confessions of record. There is no escape
from them.
If this order is a clear violation of the tenure-
of-office act, if the letter of authority is also a
