8488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
as to the effect of the action which took place
at that time. The law under which the debates
of Congress are published iu the Globe required
that two years' notice should be given before it
should be abrogated, and all that Congress
undertook to do in the appropriation act to
which the Senator refers was to give' that
notice. It did not abrogate the contract with
the Globe at all. We had an existing contract
made under a law passed in 1864 which could
not, be abrogated except upon two years' notice,
and the act of March 2, 1867, gave the notice
by declaring—
" That the notico required by the fourth section of
the act entitled ' An act to pay in part for publishing
the debates in Congress, and for other purposes,'
approved July 4,186-1, is hereby given that Congress
will, iu two year^ from the close of the present Con-
gress, abrogate the provisions of the lirst and second
sections of said act."
Now, two years from the close of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress in 1867 would be the 2d of
March, 1869. Congress gave notice that they
would then abrogate the contract. Now, then,
the question is, shall we proceed now to abro-
gate it? We could not abrogate it without
giving this notice. The object of the notice
was to place ourselves in such a position that
if we thought proper wc could make some
other arrangement. All that we have done is
to give tlr's two years' notice : we have done
nothing more ; so that the publishers of the
Globe should not be taken by surprise by our
action. Tt seems to me if the Senator would
strike out the first three lines of his proposed
amendment, so as not to repeal these laws at
this time, it will be in our power to repeal them
if we desire to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How would it read then ?
•Mr. TRUMBULL. It would read as follows :
That tlie^joint Committee on Printing is hereby
authorized and required to invite Jroposals for the
publication of the actual proceedings and debates
in Congross, upon a plan and specifications to be
previously published by them, and shall also ascer-
tain the cost of such publication by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and shall report as soon
as practicable such proposals and estimate of cost,
together with a bill to provide for the publication
ot the debates and proceedings of Congress.
If wc did that it would be in accordance
with our notice, but at this time to repeal abso-
lutely these laws it seems to me is striking in
the dark.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
this repeal does not take effect until after the
4th of March.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it takes effect at
that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, peremptorily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You may not want to
repeal them. That is the very thing I object
to. You repeal them before you get your
information. What possible objection can the
Senator from Ohio have to leaving out the
first three lines of his proposed amendment
and -directing this committee to make these
inquiries? We have got to act upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have said to the Sen-
ator that we have already ascertained, and it
is an undisputed fact, that the Government
may in several ways do better than the pres-
ent contract with the publishers of the Globe,
may do better with the publishers of the Globe
themselves. That is ascertained and agreed
to. We debated the whole subject a year ago.
Congress would have abrogated the arrange-
ment then, on the day of the passage of this
notice, but for the fact that two years' notice
was required, and finally the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessexden] came to the con-
clusion that we could not abrogate it until after
giving the notice, and he drew the section, I
believe, and it was finally passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. According to the Sen-
ator's own amendment, other legislation will
be necessary before we can provide for pub-
lishing the proceedings of Congress. That is
one fact. When you adopt that other neces-
sary legislation, why not then repeal existing
laws ? Why repeal existing laws now to take
effect infuturo'l We have got to legislate on
the subject. The Senator from Ohio says he
has the information already ; but his amend-
ment provides for obtaining that information,
because the committee is required to ascertain
the cost of this work. We are not prepared
to decide to-day, the Senator from Ohio is not
prepared to decide to-day, whether it will be
best to have the proceedings of Congress pub-
lished at the Government Printing Office or
to let the work out by contract. He wants
information on that subject, and has provided
in this amendment for obtaining it. Now, the
present mode of publishing the proceedings of
Congress is in force, and is bound to be in
force until Mareh, 1869. Between this time
and March, 1869, the Senator from Ohio con-
templates arranging some other system for
publishing these proceedings. Why do you
want to repeal at this time the provision rela-
tive to the existing mode of publication ? What
object is there in it? It may turn out that the
present mode of publication is the very best
we can get. Will it not be time enougli to
decide that when we get these other proposals ?
I move to amend the amendment by striking
out after the word "that," in the first line,
these words:
All acts or parts of acts authorizing the publica-
tion of the debates of Congress are hereby repealed
from and after the 4th day of March next and the.
So that the section will simply require the
joint Committee on Printing to ascertain the
facts and report them to Congress, and then
when wo receive their report we can adopt
such system as is thought to be best.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am glad
that this amendment is brought forward. If
we are to have a Government Printing Office
at all it seems to me that we should there pub-
lish the debates and proceedings of Congress.
Would it not be as proper and as profitable to
do this part of the public printing in the Gov-
ernment Printing Office as any other part, such
as the printing of bills and the ordinary print-
ing that we must have done? If there is any
propriety in keeping a Government Printing
Office at all, there is a propriety in having this
printing done at that office. If it is better
to have the debates and the proceedings of
Congress printed by contract, it would certainly
be better for the same reason to abolish the
Government Px-inting Office altogether.
Now, sir, if I understand our printing system,
it is a very loose one and a very remarkable
one. A large part of the printing consists of
the debates and proceeding of Congress. That
we have done by contract. Then we have bills,
reports, and matters of that sort printed at the
Government Printing Office. That is a second
establishment. Then we have a large printing
establishment in the Treasury Department, and
a very expensive one. That is a third estab-
lishment. I am told that there is also a print-
ing establishment in the Interior Department,
and that the printing of the Interior Depart-
ment is a separate business from any of the
printing that I have mentioned. I do not
know whether the printing of the War Depart-
ment is performed in the Government Printing
Office or not. Can the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations inform me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is done at
the Government Printing Office.
Mr. MORTON. But the printing of the
Interior Department is not, as I am informed;
it is performed by an establishment in the In-
terior Department itself. Here are four dis-
tinct ways of having the public printing done.
Now, Mr. President, if wc have a public print-
ing office at all, let us have all the public print-
ing done there, and let that printing establish-
ment be revised and reorganized so that the
printing can be done cheaply and well. I be-
lieve that we can have all the Government
printi'ng done by contract, even at one third
of the present cost. The system is loose. It
is badly managed. We have three or four
ways of printing where we should have but one.
Let us do it all in the Government Printing
Office; make it an establishment adequate for
that purpose; see that it is well managed ; or
else let us dispense with that establishment
and have' it done by contract under such regu-
lations that the money of the Government
shall not be squandered. If my information
is correct the whole thing could not be worse
managed than it is now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from'Illinois to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer from the
Committee on Finance the amendment that is
printed as a third section. The second printed
amendment has been superseded.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That section ten
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations
-for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1868, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2,1867, shall not be so construed aa
to authorize the publication of any advertisements,
notices, proposals, laws, or proclamations by thenews-
papersin the District of Columbia, selected in accord-
ance with the law, unless such advertisemen ts, notices,
proposals, laws, or proclamations are delivered by
tho proper head of a Department to such newspaper
for publication in accordance with law. and the rates
of compensation for such printing shall not exceed
the rates paid for similar printing under existinglaw.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "un-
less," in the ninth line, the words "such pub-
lication is deemed necessary by the proper
head of a Department, nor unless."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would not put that iu.
It is bad enough already.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain it pres-
ently. I desire, also, to add a clause at the
end of the amendment which the Clerk can read.
The PRESIDENT jwofewywe. The amend-
ment will be read as it is proposed to be
amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That section ten
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1868, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2,1867, shall not be so construed as
to authorize the publication of any advertisements,
notices, proposals, laws, or proclamations by the
newspapers in the District of Columbia, selected in
accordance with the law unless such publication is
deemed necessary by the proper head of a Depart-
ment, nor unless such advertisements, notices, pro-
posals, laws, or proclamations are delivered by the
proper head of a Department to such newspaper for
publication in accordance with law, and the rates
of compensation for such printing shall not exceed
the rates paid for similar printing under existing
law. And no advertisement whatever in any news-
paper published in tho District of Columbia shall
be paid for by any disbursing officer, and if paid
shall not be allowed by any accounting officer unless
published in pursuance of the several acts named in
this section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain the propo-
sition in a few words. This bill contains several
items making appropriations for advertising in
newspapers. Underanact wbieh waspassed in
1866 provision was made for publishing in two
newspapers in the District of Columbia all the
Department advertisements. By a subsequent
amendatory act in 1867 it was provided that
all advertisements ordered by any head of a
Department shall be published in those two
newspapers. Two newspapers were selected
in accordance with the law, the Daily Chron-
icle and the Evening Star, of this city. They
claim the right to publish as Government
advertisements all the advertisements pub-
lished by the Government in any part of the
United States. Thus, in the papers I have
before me, there are advertisements of sod to
be put on a fort in New Mexico; provisions to
be supplied in Utah; post routes in Arizona;
and a multitude of, advertisements of that
kind which certainly ought not to be pub-
lished in Washington.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they now published
here ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. These accounts
have been presented to the First Comptroller
for. adjudication, and he has ruled against
them, ruled them out, and said it could not
have been the intention of Congress to pro-
