1668.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any description. We ask this aid not of money
or of bonds, but of land, fully believing and
expecting that it will be given us.
, And let me remind the gentlemen on this
floor that the people who ask this still regard
themselves as your constituents. They have
left their old homes in New England, New-
York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana,
.Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, and all the
other States, and have made their new homes
in what was until recently the most northern
and western portion of this Union. But they
have not forgotten their old friends or their
old homes; they appeal to you to aid them
in this enterprise ; to extend to them the same
assistance that you have heretofore given to
other States and Territories ; and they do not
believe that Congress will refuse or withhold
its aid in building this railroad when its im-
portance to our Territory is appreciated or
understood.
Washington Territory lias asked but little
and has received but little from the General
Government; heretofore our claims for assist-
ance have been almost entirely overlooked or
disregarded. The oldest Territory, orthe oldest
but one, in the United States, we feel that we
have not received that consideration from the
General Government to which we are justly
entitled. Of this, however, we do not com-
plain. We understand and appreciate the sac-
rifices that our Government lias had to make
during the last seven years for its very exist-
ence. And we do not now forget the enormous
debt that still hangs over us, or the heavy tax-
ation to which the people of this country are
now subjected. Therefore the people of my
Territory only ask that Congress will extend
such aid to us as will enable us to develop the
resources of our Territory, that we may fairly
start in that career of prosperity which lies
before us. No State or Territory in this Union
has a brighter future than has Washington Ter-
ritory. It possesses within itself more of the
elements of future wealth and greatness than
any State or Territory in the Union. Its mild
and healthy climate, its productive and fertile
soil, its magnificent forests, its immense beds
of coal, its known mineral wealth, its numer-
ous bays and harbors, with the Columbia river
running through the Territory from north to
south, and then along its southern boundary
.for four hundred miles, which is navigable with
its branches for a thousand miles; with three
hundred miles fronting on the Pacific ocean,
and two good harbors, Shoal Water bay and
Gray's harbor, between the mou.th of Columbia
river and the Straits of Fuca; all this points
with unerring certainty to its future wealth and
greatness. With the completion of the North-
ern Pacific railroad our Territory becomes a
central point on the map of the world, and on
the shores of Puget sound will rise a city which
will not only contend with San Francisco for
the control of the commerce of the Pacific, but
which is destined to become one of the great
commercial centers of tlie world, halfway from
Western Europe to Eastern Asia. Nearer than
.San Francisco to New York by five hundred
miles, and nearer by seven hundred miles to
Yokohama and Hong-Kong tliau is San Fran-
cisco, what shall prevent its growth?
If the progress of our Territory heretofore
has been slow, it is only for the lack of what
this bill under consideration is intended to
supply, at least in part, by furnishing one line
of communication from the Columbia river to
Puget sound.
Mr. JULIAN. Do I understand that this
matter has been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. J ULIAN. I have no hostility at all to
this general proposition if it be put in a less
objectionable form. Ljt it go to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands and be examined by the
proper committee. I now insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 43.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The bill and amendments were referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loyal creeks.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the acting Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, asking for an appropriation of $6,800
for the expense in taking a census of loyal
Creeks, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr.
Churchill.
admission of southern states.
The SPEAKER stated the first business^
order was House bill No. 1058, to admit the
States of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama to repre-
sentation in Congress, on which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I offer
an amendment to the constitution of the State
of Georgia.
The SPEAKER. There is a substitute
pending submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, My
amendment is to the constitution of Georgia.
I move to insert the following:
And be it further cnactcd. That tho provisions of
section seventeen, artielo fivo, of tho constitution of
Georgia shall not apply to a debt due to any person
who, during tho whole tiruo of tho rebellion, was
loyal to tho United States and opposed to secession.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is this Congress going
to set itself up to amend these State constitu-
tions?
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine and not the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I pro-
pose that amendment for this reason: The con-
stitution of Georgia nullifies all debts due before
a certain period, as well those due to loyal men
as to rebels. My amendment, is that it shall
nullify only those due to rebels arffi not those
due to loyal men.
Mr. ROBINSON. How is the gentleman
going to pick out the loyal and the disloyal
debtors ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am not
going to do it. Anybody who claims to be
loyal will, I presume, pick himself out.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I merely inter-
rupt the gentleman from Pennsylvania for the
purpose of inquiring whether this proposed
amendment is his individual amendment or
whether it comes from the Committee on Recon-
struction?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is an
individual amendment. I discovered this morn-
ing that the provision in regard to debts ap-
plied to loyal men as well as to rebels. That,
of course, I thought wrong.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question or a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot be taken off the floor except
by a point of order.
Mr. IIOBINSON. I rise to make a motion
which will take him from the floor.
The SPEAKER. No motion can take him
from the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
do not now consider this subject, for the reason
that there are a thousand things exactly like
what the gentleman indicates, which I have
found in these constitutions, which we ought to
have time to read over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point. ^The motion is not made at the  
time. This bill haa been considered byihe
House already. It was reported day before
yesterday, postponed, and made the special
order for to-day after the morning boar, and
from day to day until disposed of. The ques-
tion should have been raised when the bill was
introduced.
Mr. ROBINSON. - I think it would be-sell
to let this go over.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in
order.
. Mr. ROBINSON. Then, will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] allow me to
say that I think the constitution of South Car-
olina and of the other States included in- this
bill have similar defects, which it would be
well to have amended?
Mr. PitUYN. I rise to a question of order.
I ask the Chair to rule that the House has no
right to legislate or attempt to legislate so as
to interfere with the provisions of the consti-
tution of any State, in the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules-the
gphit of order. He declines to rule as the gen-
eman from New York desires, because if that
were his prerogative he might be called to rule
thus on bills which many members regard as
unconstitutional, and which even the President
vetoes as not being constitutional. The Speaker
has no right in any legislative body to rule
whether a proposition is constitutional or not,
only whether it is parliamentary. Its consti-
tutionality affects its merits, and such questions
are to be decided by the House, aud not by the
Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. Will my colleague yield
for a question ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask him where he gets
authority, either in the Constitution or else-
where, to amend the constitution of a State?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I find it
in the Constitution, which says that Congress
may admit new States. I hold that under that
provision Congress may admit them in just such
a shape as it pleases. That power being fully
granted, we have a right to exercise it. I do
not find any difficulty about it.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like the gentle-
man to go on and give us his argument on that
point, because there are some of us who do find
great difficulty.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Anybody
who needs argument on that point I cannot
enlighten. [Laughter.] I now will proceed
to say 
Mr. BOYER. Will my colleague allow me
to ask a quesiion?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. BOYER. I see on-e paragraph of die
section referred to applies to the taxation of
debts, judgments, and causes of actions. I
desire to know of my colleague whether he
intends his amendment shall prevent the tax-
ation of debts, judgments, and causes of action
due to loyal men ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I expect
them to modify the constitution according to
the provisions of this act. Now, sir, we have
introduced this bill. I stated when it was
postponed that it was for the purpose of allow-
ing full discussion. For my part 1 do not wish
to discuss it. I intend to reserve to myself
only the closing hour, and only a small part
of that, probably. I intend to give to others—
I hope there are few who will want it—all the
rest of the time, merely remarking that £ in-
tend before we adjourn to-day to call tho pre-
vious question, so that we may take the vote
to-morrow morning, allowing, however, just
as late discussion to-day as gentlemen may
think proper.
Mr. BECK. .Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ? .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. It is not-intended to taJr-e a
vote till .to-morrow. I hope, therefore, the
gentleman will not call the previous question
