SUPPLEMENT TO
them answer in the courts. You have had it
ruled that you cannot try them by impeach-
ment, and of course when a majority vote that
way in each House you can hardly expect to
■expel them. Their only responsibility is to
the people, and the people alone have the right
to challenge them. That is precisely what the
people have written in the Constitution, and
every man in this country so understands it.
Senators, I may make another remark which
shows here the utter fallacy of any such posi-
tion as that interposed by the counsel, and
that is, that the Congress which would be so
lost to all sense of justice and duty as to take
away the pardoning power from the Executive
in any case whatever have it in their power to
take away any appeal to the courts of justice
in the United States upon that question, so that
there would be an end to it, and there would
be no remedy but with the people, unless, in-
deed, the President is to take up arms to set
aside the laws of the Congress of the United
States. The Constitution of your country is
no such weak or wicked invention.
Having disposed of this proposition, Sen-
ators, the next inquiry to be considered before
the Senate, and to which I will direct their
attention, is, has the President power under
the Constitution to remove the heads of De-
partments and fill vacancies so created during
the session of the Senate of the United States
without its consent, without and against the
express authority of law? if he has not this
power he is confessedly guilty as charged. If
he has, of course he ought to go acquitted as
charged in the first, second, and third articles.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate,
sitting as a court, adjourn until to-morrow.
Mr. Manager 13 IN G1IAM. I shall be very
glad, indeed, for that courtesy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Tuesday, May 5, 18C8.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
£ftrt. of the House of Representatives and
[csara. Evarts, Groesbcck, and Nelson, of
counsel for the respondent, appeared and took
the seals assigned to them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. H. B. WASirnttRXK, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Mr. Manager Binc-
ham will proceed with the argument in behalf
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. Manager BINGIIAM. Mr. President and
Senators, I would do injustice, Senators, to
myself; 1 would do injustice to the people
whom I represent at this bar, if I were not to
acknowledge, as I do now, my indebtedness to
honorable Senators for the attention which they
gave me yesterday while I attempted to demon-
strate to the Senate in behalf of the people
of the United States, that no man in otlicc or
out of office is above the Constitution or above
the laws: that all are bound to obey the laws:
that the President of the United States, above
all other officials in this country, is bound to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed;
ami especially that the suspending power and
the dispensing power assorted by the President
endangers the existence of the Constitution,
is a violation of the rights of the people, and
canuot for a moment be tolerated.
When I had the honor to close my remarks
yesterday, I stated to the Senate that their in-
quiry would be directed first to the question
whether the President has the power under the
Constitution to remove the h«ads of Depart-
ments and fill vacancies so created by himself
during the session of the Senate in the ab-
sence of an express authority of law author-
izing him so to do. If the President has not
this power, he is confessedly guilty, as charged
in the first, second, third, eighth, and eleventh
articles; unless, indeed, the Senate is to come
to the conclusion that it is no crime in the
President of the United States deliberately
and purposely and defiantly to violate the ex-
press letter of the Constitution of the United
States and the express prohibition of the stat-
utes of the Congress. I have said that the act
was criminal if it was done deliberately and
purposely. What answer has been made to
this, Senators'? That the allegation is found
in these articles of the criminal intent, and
learned counsel have stood here before the Sen-
ate arguing from hour to hour and from day to
day to show that a criminal intent is to be
proved. I deny it. I deny that there is any
authority which justifies any such statement.
The law declares, and has declared for cen-
turies, that any act done deliberately in viola-
tion of the law; that is to say, any unlawful
act done by any person of sound mind and
understanding, and responsible for his acts,
necessarily implies that the party doing it in-
tended the necessary consequences of his own
act. I make no apology, Senators, for the
insertion of the word "intent" in tho articles.
I do not treat it as surplusage. It was not
needful; but I make no apology for it. It is
found in every indictment; and who ever heard
of a court where the rules are applied with
more strictness than they can be expected to
be applied by the Senate of the United States,
demanding of the prosecutor, in any instance
whatever, that he should offer testimony of the
criminal intent specially averred in the indict-
ment, when ho had proved that the act was
done and the act done was unlawful? It is a
rule, a rule not to be challenged here or else-
where among intelligent men, that every per-
son, whether in office or out of office, who
commits an unlawful act made criminal by the
very terms of the statute of the country within
which lie lives and to the jurisdiction of which
he is subject intends all that is involved in the
doing of the act, and the intent laid, therefore,
is established. No proof is required. Why?
To require it would simply defeat tho ends of
justice.
Who is able to penetrate the human intel-
lect, to follow it to its secret and hidden re-
cesses in the brain or heart of man, and bear
witness of that which it meditates and which
it purposes? Men, intelligent men, aud es-
pecially the ministers of justice, judge of men's
purposes by their acts, and necessarily hold
that they intend exactly that which they do;
aud it is for them, not for their accusers, to
show that they did it by misadventure, to show
that they did it under a temporary delirium of
i the intellect by which in ihe piovideuee of God
they were for the time being deprived of the
power of knowing their duty and of doing their
duty under the law.
Senators, upon a memorable occasion not
! unlike this which to-day attracts the attention
| of the Senate, and attracts the attention of the
I people of the United Slates, and attracts the
I attention of the civilized world, the same ques-
tion was raised before the tribunal of the peo-
ple, whether intent was to be established, and
! one of those men on that occasion, when Earl
Strafford knelt before the assembled majesty
of England, arose in his place and answered
that question in words so clear and strong that
they ought to satisfy the judgment and satisfy
the conscience of every Senator. I read the
words of Pym on tiie trial of Strafford, as to
the intent:
"Another excuse is that whatsoever he hath
I spoken was out of sood iute>ition. ^Sometime.", my
; lords, c;oOi.l and evil, truth and falsehood he so near
j together that they ore hardly to he disnngnif-'hed.
I Matters hurtful and dangerous may be accompanied
i with such circumstances. as may mane them appear
j useful and convenient; und, in all such eaiec, good
i intention wilt justify evil counsel; but where the
j matters propounded are evil in their own nature.
, such an the matters are wheivviih the Tarl of Straf-
ford is charged—as to break a public faith, and to
subvert laws and government—they can never be
justified by any intentions, how good soever they bo
pretended."
Is there no endeavor here to break public
faith?" Is there no endeavor here "to sub-
vert laws and Government? >' I leave Senators
to answer that question upon their own con-
science and upon their oaths.
On this subject of intent I might illustrate
the utter futility of the position assumed here
by the learned counsel, by a reference to a
memorable instance in history when certain
fanatics, under the reign of Frederick II, put
little children to death with the intent of send-
ing them to heaven, because the Master had
written, " Of such is the Kingdom." It does
not appear that this good intent of slaying the
innocents, with their sunny faces and sunny
hearts, that they might send them at once to
heaven,was of any avail in the courts of justice.
I read also of a Swedish minister who found
within the kingdom certain subjects who were
the beneficiaries of a charity, upon whose
heads Time, with its frosty fingers, had scat-
tered the snows of five and seventy winters,
whom he put brutally and cruelly to death,
with the good intent of thereby increasing the
trust in the interest of the living who had a
longer measure of days before them. I never
read, Senators, that any such plea as that
availed in the couits of justice against the
charge of murder with malice aforethought.
I dismiss this subject. It is a puerile con-
ceit, unfit to be uttered in tho hearing of Sen-
ators, and condemned by every letter and line
and word of the common law, "the growth of
centuries and the gathered wisdom of a thou-
sand years."
It is suggested by one of my honorable col-
leagues, [Mr. Williams,] and it is not unfit
that I should notice it in passing, that doubt-
less Booth, on the 14th day of April, I8C>r>,
when he sent the pure spirit of your martyred
President back to the God who gave it, thought,
declared, if you please—"declared" is the
proper word—declared that he did that act in
the service of his country, in the service of
liberty, in the service of law, in the service of
the rights of a common humanity. If the
avenging hand of justice had not cut him olf
upon the spot where ho stood, instantly, as
though overtaken by the direct judgment of
offended Heaven, I suppose we should have
had this sort of argument interposed in his
behalf that his intentions were good, and there-
fore the violated law itself ought to- justify bis
act and allow him to go acquit, not a condemned
criminal, but a crowned and honored man.
I really feel, Senators, that I ought to ask
your pardon for having dwelt upon this prop-
osition ; but you know with what pertinacity it
has been pressed upon the consideration of
Senators, and, with all respect to the learned
and accomplished gentlemen who made it, i
deem it due to myself to say here that 1 think
I it was unworthy of them and unworthy of the
| place.
I return, Senators, to my proposition: has
the President the power under the Constitu
tion and the laws during the session of the
Senate to create vacancies in the heads of
Departments under your Constitution, and fill
them without the authority of express law and
without the advice or consent of the Senate?
If he has not, he has violated the Constitution,
and he has violated, as I shall show hereafter,
| the express law of the land, and is therefore
1 criminal—criminal in his conduct and in his
, intention before the tribunal where he stands
j arraigned by order of the people.
! First, then, is the Constitution violated by
i this act of removal and appointment? And
I here, Senators, although I may have occasion
1 to notice it herealter more specifically and
j especially, I ask you to pardon me for refer-
: ring to it here at this time, it cannot have
' escaped your notice that the learned and astute
: counsel for the President took care all the
| while from the beginning to the end of this
' controversy not to connect the two powers of
