3470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty is that
there are some advertisements not retired by
law to be published in the District, but which
may properly be published here. For instance,
advertisements for mail routes in Maryland
might properly be published here, but the law
does not require it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not half so much
reason for publishing them here as in Balti-
more.
Mr. SHERMAN. You have got to leave it
after all to the head of the Department. No
head of a Department would abuse this discre-
tion. The Clerk oftheHouseselectsthepapers.
No head of a Department will abuse the privi-
lege that is conferred upon him, it seems to
me, to publish advertisements unless they are
really needed; but I doubt whether we ought
to confine it so stringently that the head of a
Department cannot publish in this District an
advertisement unless the law requires it to be
published here. There are cases where the
Uuv does not say where the advertisement shall
be published.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that reasoning in
a circle? Does not the law of 1867 require it
to be published here? Is not that the very
claim you have got here?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understood that what
these newspapers contended for was the right
to publish in this District everything. That is
what they claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. All we say is that they
shall not publish in this District advertisements
that are not furnished to them by the proper
head of a Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would accomplish
it; but I was speaking of the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My amendment is addi-
tional to that. It still leaves it to the head of
the Department, but declares that he shall not
deliver anything, even in bis discretion, to
these newspapers, unless he delivers such
notices as the law requires to be published here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not propose to
strike out the other?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; by no means;
it is merely an addition to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to a proposition
I will make in lieu oY the amendment he pro-
poses. In lieu of what is proposed to be
inserted by the Senator from Ohio, I suggest
to insert after the word "law," in the ninth
line, these words, "and required to be pub-
lished in the District of Columbia, nor;" so
that it will read:
Shall not be so construed as to authorize the pub-
lication ot any advertisements, notices, proposals,
laws, or proclamations by the newspapers in the Dis-
trict ot" Columbia, selected m accordance with the
law aud required to be published in the District of
Columbia, nor unless such advertisements, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly the same
thing that I proposed to insert after "procla-
mations" in the next line. It comcs to the
same result.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
but that it has the same effect; but it avoids
the construction that arises from the language
of the proposition of the Senator from Ohio,
which seems to make it depend upon the dis-
cretion of the head of the Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not quite reach
it, because so far as it relates to these news-
papers selected in accordance with law the law
merely requires the selection to be made from
the two having the largest circulation. All
that that relates to is merely that the selection
must bo made of the two newspapers having
the largest circulation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
mistaken on that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all. Here it is
in the Post Office appropriation bill of 1866:
"shall hereafter be advertised by publication
in the two daily newspapers in the city of
Washington having the largest circulation, and
in no others." i
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the law of
1867 gives it to the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; but it only
declares that the Clark of the House of Rep-
resentatives is to decide which papers have
the largest circulation. That is ail. He is
the deciding officer. That being so, all that
we wish to do now is to limit the advertise-
ments that shall be put into those two papers
and exclude all other papers from the adver-
tisements. To do that the Senator from Ohio
proposes that the head of the Department shall
be the deciding officer, to decide what shall be
put into those papers. The objection to his
amendment is that it still leaves to the discre-
tion of the head of the Department to insert
advertisements that have 110 place here at all.
I propose to correct that by adding in the
tenth line, after the word " proclamations,"
the words "and being required by law to be
published in the District of Columbia," not in
any particular paper, but published here.
ilr. M0R1MLL, of Maine. Then the Sen-
ator and myself reach the same point pre-
cisely, except that I offer my proposition in
lieu of the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio, and the Senator from Vermont offers his
in addition to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, which I think will lead to a com-
plication.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not do, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, to have it
.read "required by law to be published in the
District of Columbia," because the newspaper
proprietors contend that by the act of 1867 they
are entitled to all these advertisements now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will call the Senators
to order for a moment, because there is now
an amendment to the amendment pending.
Let that be adopted, and then I shall have no
objection to either of the others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no amendment
pending except yours, which is an amendment
to the bill, and I propose to amend that.
Mr. SHI5RMAN. I haveoffered an amend-
ment to that amendment, which has not been
voted upon, to insert certain words in line
nine, and also to add some words to the sec-
tion. That amendment to the amendment has
not been acted on, and until that is disposed
of all these other propositions are out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then we
ax-e all out of order. Let us hear what the
peuding amendment is.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by inserting in line nine, after
the word "unless," the words "such publica-
tion is deemed necessary by the proper head
of a Department, nor unless;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
That section ten of an act, Ac., shall not be so
construed as to authorize the publication of any
advertisements, notices, proposals, laws, or procla-
mations by the newspapers in the District of Colum-
bia selected in accordance with the law, unless such
publication is deemed necessary by the proper head
of a Department, nor unless such advertisements,
notices, proposals, laws, or proclamations are deliv-
ered by the proper head of a Department to such
newspaper, &c.
The PRESIDENT pro temp tyre put the
question on the amendment to the amendment,
and declared it rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is some
misunderstanding. There is no objection cer-
tainly t.o the amendment to the latter part of
the section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have an objection to
your amendment to the amendment, for the
reason that it leaves an absolute discretion in
the head of a Department to decide what he
will have published here. I think the law
ought to fix that as it does now, and therefore
1 think the amendment of the Senator will
defeat the object he has in view himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; 1 will let the
gentlemen try and see if they can fix it up any
better.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, I move
to insert after the word "law," in the ninth
line of the amendment, the words "and re-
quired to be puHished in the District of Co-
lumbia, nor;" so that it will read:
That section ten, &c., sjiall not he so construed an
to authorise the publication of any advertisements,
notices, proposals, laws, or proclamations by the news-
papers in the District of Columbia selected™ accord-
ance with the law, and required to be published in
the District of Columbia, nor unless such advertise-
ments, notices, proposals, laws, or proclamations arc
delivered by the proper head of a Department, &e.
That excludes all proclamations and other
notices not required to be published in this
District. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. That seems to reach pre-
cisely the point my amendment did. I do not
see any objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know but that
it will accomplish the object. Seuators will
see. The only doubt I have about it is that it
does not say, " required by law."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; those words are not
in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I modify my
amendment so as to make it read "and re-
quired by law to be published in the District
of Columbia, nor."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, as modified, to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe nobody ob-
jected to the insertion of the words that I
offered, to come in at the end of the section.
I ask that those words be read, and the ques-
tion put on them.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment to the amendment, which was to add at
the end of the section the following words:
And ne advertisement whatever in any newspaper
published in the Distnct of Columbia shall be paid
for by any disbursing officer, and if paid, shall not be
allowed by any accounting officer, unless published
in pursuance of tho several acts named in this sec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will merely state that
the Executive Departments in some cases are
publishing in papers not selected according to
law, the Intelligencer and other papers, and
they are making claims for advertisements,
and are daily inserting them. This is for the
purpose of cutting off that, so that the pub-
lication will only be in the two papers selected
according to law.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Although this section
pretty well guards the interests of the public,
I think it requires something more-—-
Mr. CONNESS. Letthe section as amended
be read.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection t.o
that, and then I shall probably say a word or
two on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read as amended.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
amended, as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That section ten
of an act entitled " An act making appropriations tor
sundry civil expenses of the Government tor the year
ending June 30,1868,and for other purposes," approved
March 2,1867, shall not be so construed as to author-
ize tho publication of any advertisements, notices,
proposals, laws, or proclamations by tho newspapers
in the District of Columbia, selected in accordance
with the law, and required by law to be published in
tho District of Columbia, nor unless such advertise-
ments, notices, proposals, laws, or proclamations are
delivered by the proper head of a Department to such
newspaper for publication in accordance with law,
and tho rates ot compensation for such printing shall
not exceed the rates paid tor similar punting under
exislmg law. And no advertisement whateverpub-
lished m the District of Columbia shall be paid tor
by any disbursing officer, and if paid, shall not be
allowed by any accounting officer unless published
in pursuance of the several acts named in this sec-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid that this sec-
tion is not yet sufficiently guarded, and I should
like some of the gentlemen learned in the law
who so often give us the benefit of their advice
here, to draw an amendment repealing the law
of last year. I understand that the Government
