38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
performed his duty too faithfully, but has since
been honorably restored, asking for the com-
pensation of his grade between the time of his
dismissal and his restoration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dis-
position does the Senator wisn to make of it?
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 he Seuator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] thinks it should go to the Com-
mittee on Claims: but it seems to me it should
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; it is a claim, a
demaad for nav.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I move its
reference to the Committee on Claims. I will
not have it go to the Committee on Naval
Affairs if the chairman is opposed to its going
there.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of John
Lockwood, praying compensation for cotton
destroyed by a colony of freedmen placed upon
his firm by order of General Davidson in April,
I860; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition
of several persons who are watchmen, garden-
ers. and laborers employed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, ask-
ing that they may have the benefit of the
twenty per cent, which was allowed to other
officers and employes of the Government and
which they think they are entitled to under
the resolution of Congress on that subject, but
which it seems they have been unable to get
at the Treasury Department. I understand
that a similar petition has gone to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and I ask that this
take the same direction.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Wil-
liam Trevor, for an increase of pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
Isaiah Walker, a Wyandotte Indian, alleging 1
that he bad purchased from the Government
and received a patent for fern- privileges and s
a landing on the Kansas river near its mouth, |
and that the same have been taken away by ji
State legislation, and praying that he maybe ij
reimbursed for losses sustained by him in con- j
sequence of this legislation of the Legislature
of Kansas : which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Baltimore in favor of the
repeal of the tax on cotton ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance. 1
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. V'Aj to provide for appeals from the Court
of Claims, and for other purposes ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed. ■
Mr. ANTHONY* asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. IGo) to authorize the conversion of regis-
tered bonds into coupon bonds; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed. 1
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con- '
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
160) for the relief of the owners of the land
within United States survey No. 3,217 in the
State of Missouri; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 167; granting lands to the Stateof Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon- !
road from the navigable waters of Coos bay to
Roseburg, in said State; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed. ;
robbery op paymaster glenn. i
Mr. CONNES8. I offer a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration:
K'lnhwf, Th t the Paymaster General be rc<iu«sted '•
to report to the Senate the proceedings nnd findings
of the Board appointed to inve>tiffute the circum-
stances of the robbery of Major Goorpe K. G enu,
Paymaster I'nited States Army, at l'ort Boisd, Idaho
Territory.
There being no ohjection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not wish to make
any objection to the resolution, bat I think it
should be differently worded. I think the call
ouijht to be on the head of a "Department, and
not on a subordinate; it ought to be on the
Secretary of War instead of the Paymaster
General.
Mr. CONNESS. I have considered that
Point, but I believe it is usual to call on the
aymaster General for this class of informa-
tion.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I merely make the
supcrestion. I do not move any amendment.
The resolution was agreed to.
RKCONSTRrOTION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following reso-
lution : which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Retolrrd, That the General of the Array of the Uni-
ted States furnijh to the Senate ft statement showing
the number of white voters and also the number of
colored voters registered in each of the 8tates subject
to the operation of the acts of Congress commonly
called the reconstruction acts; also how many of
said white voters and how many of said colored voters
so registered cast their votes in favor of, and how
many against, the calling of the convention provided
for in said aot«; also how many of said white voters
and how many of said colored voters in each of said
States faded to cast their votes either in favor of or
against the calling of said convention: al«o, as far as
may be practicable, the number of white persons and
also the number of colored persons in each of said
States who were disfranchised and rendered incom-
petent by said reconstruction acts to vote upon the
call of said convention; and a No as far as may bo
practicable the number of white persons in each of
said States who were entitled to be registered but who
failed to apply for regUtration.
MESSAGE FROM tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
207) to provide for the exemption of cotton
from internal tax, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
ASSISTANT DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rnolvt, That the Attorney General be instructed
to report for the information of the Senate how many
assistant district attorneys ho has appointed in the
several districts of the L'nited States, what their
names are, and the amount of salary paid them ; also
whether any persons appointed assistant district
attorneys had previously been rejected; and if so, the
date of such rejection, and of subsequent appoint-
ment.
NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Renolved, That the Committee of Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire what changes have been made in
theorganization of the several navy-yards of the Uni-
ted States in the various civil departments thereof;
whether such changes have added to their efficiency
for the transaction of business, and whether the
expense of their maintenance has been increased
or decreased thereby; and to report what legislation,
ifany, is necessary tor the improvement of the system
in force, and for the more judicious and economical
expenditure of the public money.
HOL'SK BILL HErHRKED.
The bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide for the
exemption of cotton from internal tax was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
printing of president's message.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
that was pending yesterday in the morning hour,
for the printing of the President's message, and
I hope the Senate will dispose of it at once. The
debate, 1 suppose, can just as well take place
on the resolution introduced by my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] as on this one, and it
is rather desirable that we should know at once
whether the resolution is to pass or not before
the type now in the Printing Office shall be
distributed.
The motion was agreed to; nnd the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following res-
olution :
RetoTrrd, That the messago of the President of the
United States, with the loports of the head* of De-
partments. without the accompauyimx documents, be
printed, and that three thousand additional copied
be printed for the ut?e of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 I lie amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to strike
out the words " the message of the President
of the United States with," so as to confine the
printing to the other documents ; and on that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I had intended to say a
word further 011 the subject which is called up
for eonsideration by the resolution, but 1 shall
postpone any remarks which I have to make
until a future day and endeavor to make them
whenever my friend from Missouri shall call up
his resolution. I shall, however, vote for the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to this resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 9, nays 36; as follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Howard,
Howe, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner, Thayer, ana
Wade—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bucltalew, Cole, Conk-
ling, Conn ess, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
lit'le, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, i'essendeu, Frcling-
huvsen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,, Hendricks,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of NewIIampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ro« , Sherman, Stcwurt,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—Si.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Fowler, Guth-
rie, Nye, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Yates—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was agreed to.
BQI AL RIGHTS.
Mr. SUMNEIl. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
1-11, a bill that was introduced by me on the
first day of the late meeting of Congress.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 141) for the further security of equal rights
in the District of Columbia was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the word " white," wherever it occurs in
the laws relating to the District of Columbia,
or in the charter or ordinances of the cities of
Washington or Georgetown, and operates as a
limitation oft the right of any clector of the
District, or of either of those cities, to hold
any office, or to be selected and to serve as a
juror, shall be repealed, and that it shall be
unlawful for any person or officer to enforce,
or attempt to enforce, that limitation after the
passage of the act.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill is in the precise
terms of a bill that passed both Houses of
Congress on the last day of the last meeting
in July, and which, after being duly enrolled,
was sent to the President. It was not returned
by him before the rising of Congress, and I
introduced this precise copy on the first day
of our late meeting. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois I forebore calling it up
for consideration in order to await the expira-
tion of eleven consecutive days of meeting of
the Senate, to see if within that time the bill
would be returned to Congress with or without
his objections. It was not returned. Since
then I have addressed a letter to the Depart-
ment of State to ascertain if the bill had been
sent there. The answer of the Department I
received yesterday. I send it to the Chair
and ask to have it read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department or State,
Washington, December 4, 18<i7.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this date inquiring if an act enti-
tled "An actfor the further securing of equal rights
in the District of Columbia," passed by both Houses
of Congress and sent to the President on the . "lb of
July last, ha* been filed in theDepartment of State.
In reply I have the honor to inform you that no such
act has been received at or is on flic in this Depart-
ment.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant.
WM. H. SEWARD.
Hon. CnARLES stjmtfer, United S'nfes fcnntc.
