THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
removal and appointment during the session
of the Senate in their presence and without
their consent together.
Every line and word of the voluminous argu-
ments uttered by the very learned and ingen-
ious counsel of the_ President bears witness to
the truth of that which I now assert. Wiiy was
this? Simply, Senators, as I shall presently
show you, that the appointing power is by the
express terms of the Constitution, during the
session of the Senate, put beyond the power of
the President, save and except where it is ex-
pressly authorized by law. I thank the gentle-
men for making this concession, for it is a con-
fession of guilt on the part of their client.
When no answer could be made they acted
upon the ancient, time-honored, and accepted
maxim that silence is gold, and so upon that
point they were silent one and all without ex-
ception. There was an appointment made here
in direct violation of express law; in direct
violation of the express letter of the Constitu-
tion ; in direct violation of every interpretation
that, has ever been put upon it by any com-
manding intellect in this country, and the gen-
tlemen knew it.
It is in vain,_ Senators, that they undertake
to meet that point in this ease by any reference
to the speech of my learned and accomplished
friend who represents the State of Ohio upon
the floor of the Senate, [Mr. Sherman.] Not
a word cscaped his lips in the speech which
they have quoted here touching this power of
appointment during the session of the Senate
and in direct violation of the express letter of
the tenure-of-oftice act, nor did any such word
escape f rom the lips of any Senator. I am not
surprised; it does credit to the intellectual
ability ot the learned gentlemen who appear for
the President that the}' kept that question oat
ot sight in their elaborate and exhaustive argu-
ments. I read for the Senators the provision
ot the Constitution upon this subject which 1
read yesterday:
. "ThePresident" /- -= -• * "shallnom-
mate, and by and with the advice and consent of
the donate shall appoint, embassadors, other public
minsters and consuls, judsres of the Supreme Court,
and all other officers of the United States whose ap-
pointments are not herein otherwise provided for,
and which shall be established by law, but the Con-
gress may by law vest the appointment of such infe-
rior officers as they think proper in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments." |
Can any one doubt that this provision clearly |
restricts the power of the President over the i
appointment of heads of Departments in this, •
that it expressly requires that all appointments
not otherwise provided for in this Constitution,
enumerating embassadors and others, shall be
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ? It is useless to waste words upon the
proposition. It is plain and clear. It must
lie so unless the appointments of the heads of
Departments, in the words of the Constitution,
are otherwise provided for ; and I respectfully
ask Seuators wherein are they otherwise pro-
vided for in the Constitution ? The heads of
Departments are named by that title, and by
the very terms of the Constitution it is pro-
vided that the Congress may by law vest in
the heads of Departments the power to appoint
without the consent of the President, without
the consent of anybody but the authority of a
law of Congress, all inferior officers. Is any
man. in the light of this provision, to stand
before the Senate and argue that heads of De-
partments areinferior officers ? If, then, their
appointment is not otherwise provided for in
the Constitution, which I take for granted. I
ask the Senate whether their appointment is
otherwise provided for by law, whether it was
ever otherwise provided for by law?
I am not unmindful of the fact, in passing,
that some of the learned counsel for the Pres-
ident said "here was no appointment; this
was only an authority to fill a vacancy." The
counsel are not strong enough for their client.
They cannot get rid of his answer. He de-
clares that he did make an appointment in-
definitely, made a removal and filled it, and
followed it with another. The words "ap-
pointment ad interim " more than once unwit-
tingly escaped the lips of the counsel. But I
do not propose to rest this case upon any quib-
bles, upou any technicalities, upon any contro-
versy about worcta I rest it upon the broad
spirit of the Constitution, and stand here this
day to deny that there ever was an hour since
the Constitution went into operation that the
President of the United States had authority
to authorize anybody, temporarily even? to
exercise the functions of a head of a Depart-
ment ot this Government save by the authority
of express law. It is surely a self-evident prop-
osition that must be understood by Senators
that the power which created the law may re-
peal it.
I make this remark here and now because
the President's defense, as stated in his answer
more clearly and distinctly than in any of the
arguments of the learned counsel, is that he
asserts and exercises this power by virtue of
the implied, unwritten executive prerogative
judicially to interpret the Constitution for him-
self and judicially to determine the validity of
all the laws ot the laud for himself, and there-
fore to appoint justsuch ministers as he pleases,
at such times as he pleases, and for such periods
as he pleases, in defiance alike of the Constitu-
tion and of the laws. The language is that the
removal was indefinite. The language of his
answer is that he indefinitely vacated the office,
and filled it, of course, indefinitely, and that is
his defense. There is no getting away from it.
In the answer, on pages 25 :md 2b of the record,
this will be found recorded in it:
And thin ivsp<>ndent, further answerinor, Pays,
that it is provided m and by the second section of
an act to regulate the teunre of certain civil offices,
that the J. resident may suspend an oilictrr fj otu the
performance of the duties ot the office hold by him,
for certain cause* therein designated, until the next
meeting of the iSenate, and until the case shall be ;
nc.ted on by the Senate: that this respondent, as 1
Presidcnt_of the (juiced States. was advised, and he
verily believed and still believes, that the executive
power of rcuiowJ from office confided to him bv the
Constitution, as aforesaid, includes the powr of sus-
pension from office at the pleasure of the President,
and this respondent, by the order aforesaid, did sus-
pend the said Stanton from ouice, not until tin* next
meeting of the Senate, or until the Senate should
have acted upon the case, but by force ot the power
and authority vested in linn by the Constitution and
lawsof theLinitedStuces, iudeiinitelyandatthepleas-
ure of the President."
That is his answer. Under the Constitution
he claims this power. Ou that subject, Sena-
tors, I beg leave to sav, in addition 4o what I
have already uttered, that it was perfectly well
understood when the Constitution was on trial
for its deliverance before the American people
that no such power as this was lodged in the
President of the United States; on the con-
trary, that for every abuse of power, for every
usurpation of authority, for every violation of
the Constitution and the laws, he was liable
at all times to tnat unrestricted power of the !
people to impeach him through its Represent- 1
atives and to try him before its Senate without \
let or hindrance from any tribunal in the land. \
I refer upon this point to the clear utterauce j
of Hamilton as recorded in the seventy-sev* !
cnth number of the Federalist: :
"It has been mentioned as one of the advantages '
to be expected from the cooperation of the Senate,
in the business of appointments, that it would con-
tribute to the stability ot the Administration. Tho ■
consent of that body vy>vhl bo titer,n,-a to /occ "s
well at to appoint. A changeof the Chief Magistrate, j
therefore, ivould not occasion ^o violent or so gen- '
era! aievulution m the ollicers of the Government as
might be expected if he were the sole disposer of
offices. Where a man in any station had given .satis-
factory evidence ot his fitness for it, a now President
would be restrained from attempting a change m
favor of a. person ni"re agreeable, io him, bv the
apprehension that a discountenance of the Sonars
mieht irustrate the attempt, and bring some degree 1 ■
of discredit upon himsoli. Those who con best esti- ■,
mate the value of a steady administration will be i
most disposed to prize a provision which connects the 1
official existence of public men with the appioba- i
tion or disapprobation ot that body, which, irom the "
greater permanency of its own composition, will in ;l
all probability be le*s subject tc5 inconstancy than '!
any other member of the Government.
" To this union of the Senate with the President, in !'
the article of appointments, it has in sompcase-: been
objected that it would sen e to give the President an !'
undue influence over the Senate; and in others that ')
it would have an opposite tendency; a stiong proof !i
that neither suggestion is true.  i
"To state the first, in its proper form, is to refute ll
it. It amounts to this: the President would hare an
improper influence over the Senate, because t&e
Senate would have the power of restraining him.
Ihis is an absurdity in terms."
And I agree with Hamilton that it is an
absurdity in terms after what has been writteii
in the Constitution of your country, for any
man, whatever may be his attainments, ana
whatever may be his pretensions, to say thai;
the President has the power, in the language
of his answer, of indefinitely vacating all the
executive offices of this country, and indefi-
nitely, therefore, filling them without the advice
and consent of the Senate in the absence of aa
express law authorizing him so to do. And
here 1 leave that point for the consideration of
the Senate and for the consideration of that
great people whom the Senate represent upon
this trial.
I ask, also, the judgment of the Senate upon
the weighty words of Webster, whom the gen-
tleman [Mr. Evarts] concedes is entitled to
some consideration in this body, who illus-
trated for long years American institutions by
I'is wisdom, his genius, and his learning; a,
man who, when living, stood alone among liv-
ing men by reason of his intellectual stature;
. a man who, when dead, sleeps alone in his.
11 tomb by the sounding sea, meet emblem of
! the majesty and sweep of his matchless intel-
lect. I ask, Senators, attention to the words
ol Mr. Webster on this ajpointing power con-
ferred upon the President under the Constitu-
tion, subject to these limitations, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate:
"-be appointing power is vested in the President
and c-enate; this is the general rule of the Constitu-
tion. lhe removing jiower U part of tho appointing
power; it caftnot be separated from the rest but by
t-upposing that an exception was intended; but all
exceptions to general rules are to be taken strictly,
even when expressed: and, for a much stronger
leason, they are not to be implied, when not ex-
pieced, unless inevitable necessity of construction
requires it."—1 Webster's Work*, p. 194.
^ What answer, 1 pray you, Senators, has been
given, what answer can be given to these in-
i terprefations of your Constitution by Hamilton
| and Webster? None, except to refer to the
! acts of 1789 and 17Ou, and tiie opinions ex-
: pressed in the debates of the First Congress.
Neither those acts nor the debates justify the
conclusion that the President during the session
of the Senate may vacate and fill the Executive
Departments of this Government at his pleasure,
and without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, in the absence of any express authority of
law and in direct violation of the prohibitions
of the law. The acts themselves will bear no
such interpretation. I dismiss, with a single
word, all reference to the debate on the occasion,
for the Senate are not unadvised that there
were differences of opinion expressed in that
debate, nor is the Senate unadvised that it has
already been ruled from the Supreme Bench of
the United States that the opinions expressed
by Representatives or Senators in Congress
[lending the discussion of any bill are not to be
j received as any authoritative construction or
| interpretation whatever to be given to the act.
■ It would be a sad day for the American people
! if the time should ever come when the utter-
, ances of excited debate are to be received ever
; afterward as the true construction and inter--
; pretation of law. Senators, look to the acts,
. and see whether the gentlemen are justified
in attempting to infer either from the legisla-
. tion of 1780 or from the legislation of 1705 or
irom any other legislation which at any time
existed on the statute-books of this country,
this executive prerogative, in direct violation
of the express letter of the Constitution, to va-
cate all the executive offices of this Govern-
' ment at his pleasure, and fill thein during the
session of the Senate, and thereby control the
, patronage of the Government, amounting to
I millions upon millions, at his pleasure, and
put it into the hands of irresponsible agents to
become only the'supple tools of his mad ambi-
tion.
Of this act of 1789 Mr. Webster well said—
and I atn not here even to dispute the propo-
sition ; indeed, I would hesitate long before I
ventured to dispute any proposition which he
