1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
Navy Department, or, as the gentleman from
Illinois is fond of saying, in the interest of ex-
travagance—in the highest sense of economy,
sir, that I oppose the amendments which have
been proposed to be attached to this bill. I
was glad to see that there were more than one
third of the House who agreed with me. I will
say the Committee on Naval Affairs propose
to report a bill on this subject.
I give the gentleman from Ohio the remain-
der of my time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thank tfie gentleman from
Maine for the courtesy of yielding tome a por-
tion of his time, and will simply say there is
no coalition between one side of this House
and the other in order to defeat economical
propositions that I know of. Believing the
attempt at general legislation in appropriation
bills to be wrong in principle, I opposed it the
other day in the Army bill when it was admit-
ted to be wrong. I place myself upon the same
ground in objecting to it in regard to this Navy
appropriation bill. For if in the appropria-
tion bills there is to be inserted, at the pleasure
of the Committee on Appropriations, matters
of general legislation, we might about as well
dispense with all the other committees of the
House. Your Naval Committee, in this in-
stance, is appointed to take care of naval mat-
ters. They advise us they are engaged in the
preparation of a bill covering questions of the
same character. They say these sections are
crude and partial, and the committee having
been appointed to look after naval matters are
presumed to understand them, and ought to
have the opportunity to present the measures
they have matured, and not have portions of
them wrested out of their proper connection
and attached to appropriation bills.
We seem to be running into the vicious habit
which has obtained for a long time in this
House of inserting into appropriation bills mat-
ters of general and independent legislation,
and I, for one, am determined to correct it. I
say this because I feel that there has been an
attempt here to denounce those who do not
happen to agree in opinion with the gentleman
who has the management of this appropriation
bill. I believe I do agree with him in the gen-
eral propositions contained in these sections,
only I want them fairly considered in the proper
committee and brought before the House in a
regular manner, according to rule.
Mr. BLAINE. In regard to the criticism
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
of the conduct of the Committee on Appropri-
ations I desire to make a single remark. lie
chafges that the committee have fallen into
the error of trying to fasten general legislation
upon the appropriation- bilis. I disclaim, on
behalf of the committee, any such intention or
any such course. The committee reported the
naval appropriation bill for seventeen or eight-
een million dollars, which would defray all the
expenses of the Navy, provided certain reduc-
tions are made which the bill carries with it.
If you do not make these reductions you have
got to appropriate more money. Therefore it
was only consistent on the part of the commit-
tee to make a bill which would be self-sup-
porting, which would provide a sum which
would last through the year. If the House
chooses to cut off one end of the bill the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are not responsible
for the large expenditure it will entail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
care about extending the discussion particu-
larly on these sections which have been stricken
out; but I desire to say, in regard to this matter
of special legislation on appropriation bills,
that gentlemen oppose it when they do not
like the legislation, but when they do like it it
is all right. And I believe there is no gentle-
man who has put in more legislation in appro-
priation bills than my distinguished friend from
Ohio, [Mr/SCHENOK.] In the very last one
that was passed he introduced independent
legMr& SCHENCK. You are mistaken ; that
iSJIr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think I am. I think the legislation he intro-
duced forbiding officers of the Army to be Re-
tailed for certain duties was independent legis-
lation. Now he comes in and reads a lecture
to the House and the Committee on Appro-
priations because they sought to couple legis-
lation with this appropriation bill which would
reduce the expenses of the Navy $5,000,000;
and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] lias
the honor of defeating this proposition. If the
Senate does not put it in $5,000,000 will be
added to the expenses of the Navy. I hope
that is not too large an amount for my distin-
guished friend from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield a moment for an explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proposition I made
was to confine the officers of the Army and
Navy to their duty as officers. To that objec-
tion was made that it was independent legisla-
tion and not consistent with existing law. The
point of order wp,s overruled, as I claimed it
should be, on the -ground that instead of its
being against law it was an amendment con-
forming to existing law, to keep Army and
Navy officers at their appropriate work and
leave civil officers to perform civil duties.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On the
gentleman's own statement it was independent
legislation.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to say that the saving
of money in these sections is not $800,000,
and there ought to be a saving of $3,000,000,
and that legislation I propose to introduce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ah, that
will do very well. Why did not the gentle-
man come in here now when ho had the chance
to make a saving of $300,000 ?
Mr. PIKE. I can answer that in two words.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline
to yield.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. There
is an unjust combination against my colleague,
[Mr. Wasuburne, of Illinois,] and I hope the
Chair will protect him. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
hear the point of order made by the distin-
guished knight of the golden circle. [Laugh-
ter.] But, sir, I do not propose, as I said
before, to wrangle over these sections that
have been stricken out; however much I may
regret it. The Committee on Appropriations
have endeavored, honestly and faithfully, to
do something to reduce these expenditures
here, and they have been prevented by the
head of the Committee on Naval Affairs ; and
I predict now that unless the Senate shall put
in these provisions they will not become law.
Let me say to the-gentleman from Maine that
these sections are almost word for word the
provisions of a bill introduced into the Senate
by the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs of the Senate, the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.]
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
will state his point of order.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman is referring to
what is doing in the Senate and to the language
of a Senator.
The SPEAKER. Auy gentleman has a
right to refer to the action of the Senate, but
has no right to refer to the debates in that
body. The Chair understood the gentleman
from Illinois to refer to the action of the Sen-
ate, and that is not unparliamentary.
Mr. PIKE. There has been no such action
in the Senate. He is referring entirely to what
a Senator from Iowa said. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
the gentleman did not understand me, and that
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs does not know that Mr. Grimes did intro-
duce into the Senate a bill containing these
provisions almost word for word.
Mr PIKE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs of the Senate agrees with
me about this matter ; and I will say further,
that neither the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Senate nor the Senate has acted on these
propositions. The bill was introduced by the
Senator from Iowa,.but he agrees with • me
and not with the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All I can
say is that these are provisions which the Sen-
ator from Iowa drew up himself in his bill,
and the gentleman from Maine will not deny
that.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Maine inter-
poses here in regard to this fourth section in
relation to the pay of firemen and coal-heavers.
Does the gentleman know what we propose in
that section ? Does he desire that the country
shall know that he is opposed to striking oft
this vast expense ? Why, sir, in these new war
steamers they have firemen and coal-heavers
whose wages are fixed by law at thirty dollars
a month; and every little steam vessel that
goes out has a corps of firemen and coal-
heavers drawing this large pay; and not one
in ten of these vessels ever puts on steam at
all during her whole voyage. In the case of a
vessel that recently went out, she had one hun-
dred and seventy-five of these men, with noth-
ing to do, drawing their wages of thirty dollars
a month, going at the public expense—you
might say as second-class passengers.
We propose to cure that great abuse by this
fourth section, and provide that, when it is
necessary to apply steam, the sailors shall
have eight dollars a month for doing this duty,
which they will be very glad to do.
But the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs comes in here and prevents the
House from making these great reforms. I
have a slip before me in regard to this very
matter which I will read:
"In these days of retrenchment, it is extraordi-
nary to hear that the most extravagant ship m the
Navy, and the ono least adapted for the purpose
contemplated, is to bo made the flag-ship of the
North Atlantic squadron. The Wampanoiigt is
packod full of machinery, costing nearly a million
dollars, and alio has now on board nearly a hundred
and eighty firemen and coal-passers, besides over
twenty engineers and a large crew besides, loero
is no proper place for a flag-officer to transact his
business, the accommodations being about equal to
those of the ninety-day gunboats. .Ihe ship is so full
of unnecessary machinery that she not only has no
suitablo quarters for officers, considering her size,
but is the most extravagant ship to keep m commis-
sion in tho entire Navy."
We want to have a provision of law so as to
dispense with this large expense of thousands
of dollars a day, but we are prevented by the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield to me ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. PIKE. Then he should not make
attacks if he will not yield for reply.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
attack the gentleman at all. I never make
attacks.
Mr. PIKE. It can all be answered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can answer it, then, when he brings in
the bill he speaks of.
Mr. PIKE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. PIKE. My point of order is that it is
contrary to the rules of this House for mem-
bers to discuss subjects not before the House
in connection with appropriation bills, and then
not to allow a member who is attacked an
opportunity to reply.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sustain
the point of order as stated by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr PIKE. That is the fact, any way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
one of the gentleman's double-enders.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair cannot rule
that refusing an opportunity to a member to
reply would make words out of order that other-
wise would be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the amendments of the Committee of the Whole
be now voted upon.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
