1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4496
poses ; and tke same was placed upon the
Speaker s table.
duties on coppi5r ores—-again.
Mi-. SCHENCK. I v,-as saying that the
amount of protection afforded by this bill does
not yet bring copper up to the standard of the
average protection on like commodities. But
another consideration is this; and with this
statement I close: under the existing lav/ such
has been the prostration in regard to our cop-
per mines and mining that there are now hun-
dreds of opeiativesabsolutely starving, orgoing
to the poor-house, or endeavoring by the aid of
charity to get away from the mining regions.
Business is necessarily closing up there, and the
steamboats heretofore running upon the lakes
are stopping their trips, or reducing them from
daily to weekly trips. The whole matter is
languishing for want of some aid in this way.
These are the considerations which induced
the committee to make an exception in regard
to one particular interest. And they were
instructed to make exception only as to copper,
although there are several other things that a
number of us, and among them myself, would
like to have legislated upon this session if
possible.
Mr. IvELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
if he cannot consent to add a clause to this bill
in relation to nickel?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
under the consent given by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Boss] no proposition to amend
the bill can be entertained now except by
unanimous consent. He withdrew his objec-
tion to the bill upon the express understanding,
repeated by the Chair, that nothing should be
added to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I will state that I
would like if possible to extend the provisions
of the bill to the manufactureof haircloth and to
the flaxseed interest, in which my constituents
are much interested.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would inquire if my col-
league, [Mr. Moorhead,] who reported the
general tariff bill, has consented to this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK- The gentleman concurred
entirely with the rest of the committee, that if
action on his bill could not be had at this ses-
sion, then this bill in relation to the duty on
copper should be presented to the House for
his action.
Mr. O'NEILL. The question I was going
to ask is this, although 1 know this copper
interest is languishing very much at this time,
still there is another interest which comes home
to all of us, I mean the book interest.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yielded to the gentle-
man for a question, not for an argument on
the book interest.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
O'Neill,] that although the lead interest, which
is very important, is not included in this bill,
still considering the depressed condition of
the copper interest of Michigan I think it would
be well to pass this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will state what I want
to say in the form of a question. Is not the
gentleman aware that I have been in favor of
this proposition from the beginning, but op-
posed to its introduction now lest our tariff
should fare precisely as our internal tax has
fared, by piece-meal legislation ? And I would
also ask the gentleman whether by passing this
bill we will not be losing a friend, or rather
making an enemy to any general action on our
tariff?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we are not making
an enemy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object to singling out one interest in preference
to another interest which the gentleman admits
needs additional legislation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The question was taken upon seconding the
^previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 52, noes 18; no quorum voting.
call of tub house.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that there be a call of the House.
The motion for a call of the House was
agreed to.
The roll was then called ; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Baines, Barnum, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Blackburn, Biame, Blair, Boles,
Jjowcn, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Roderick R.
Butler, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Dodge, Bon-
nelly, Ecktcy, Edwards, Eldridge, Perry, 1'inncy,
Pox, Golladay, Goss, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Heaton, Higby,
liolman, Hotchkiss, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Alexander II.
Jones/Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kitchen, Knott,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Maivin, McCarthy, iVleUorniick, McCullough,
Moorhead, Morrell, Moirissey, Mungen, Neweomb,
Newsham, Nicholson, Nunn, Perbam, Phelps, Pike,
Pile, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Rob-
inson,Roots, Sawycr.Selye, Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves;
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather. Stone, Taffe,Taylor,
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt. Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Vidal, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wil-
son, Wood, Woodbridge, and AVoodward.
The SPEAKER. A quorum having an-
swered to their names, further proceedings
under the call will be dispensed with, if there
be no objection.
No objection was made ; and further pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question upon the bill
regulating the duties on imported copper and
copper ores.
Mr. BANKS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Basks and
Mr. Schenck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 87, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurring on ordering the main
question,
Mr. BANKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles :
An act (H. E. No. 1455) to correct an error
in the enrollment of the act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1457) to pay for indexing
the tax bill;
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 325) relative to
the pay of the chief clerk in the office of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 3G2) to aid in
relieving from peonage women and children
of the Navajo Indians.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 643) for the relief of William
A. Griffin.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bill of the following
title, with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (H. It. No 13G3) granting an increase
of pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of
Brigadier General Daniel B. Bidwell.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S-. No. 207) for funding the
national debt and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States.
enrolled bells.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following, titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 396) for the relief of Sam-
uel Tibbetts;
An act (H. R. No. 541) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb,
and establishing additional regulations for the
government of the institution, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 910) for the relief of the
grantees of Ann D. Durding;
An act (H. R. No. 1010} relating to pen-
sions ;
An act (H. R. No. 1052) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act granting public lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State," approved
June 3, 1856 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1131) regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases for the protection
of officers and agents of the Government,
and for the better defense of the Treasury
against unlawful claims ;
An act (H. R. No. 1447) granting the right
of way to certain railway companies over the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth; and
An act (II. R. No. 1448) making appropria-
tions for certain executive expenses of the
G overnment for the-fiseal year ending June 30,
18C9.
committee on revisal 01? the laws.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to make at this time a priv-
ileged report from the Committee on the Rules,
to which there will be no objection. That com-
mittee has instructed me to report a rule es-
tablishing, instead of the present Committee
on Revisal and Unfinished Business, a Com-
mittee on the Revisal of the Laws, to consist
of nine members, their duties to be the same
as those of the present special Committee on
the Revision of the Laws.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Polaxd] is chairman of the select
Committee on the Revision of the Laws and
also of the standing Committee on Revisal and
Unfinished Business, the latter committee never
having any business. If there be no objection
the rule proposed by the Committee on the
Rules will be adopted.
There was no objection.
duty on coppeil orbs—again.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the conference com-
mittee is not ready to report the funding bill,
and whether that is not of more public import-
ance than this bill?
Mr. DRIGGS. I object to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill has not yet come
from the Senate.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object to hazarding
the funding bill on account of this bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 30, not voting
97 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames. Dclos R.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boyden.Buckland. Buckley, Benjamin P. But-
ler, Cake. Oalhs, Cary. Churchill, Reader W.Claike,
Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Covodc, Cullom, Delano, l)c-
weese, Dockery, Driggs. Eggleston, Farnowortb, Per-
ries, Preneh, Gariield, Uctz, Glossbrenner, Haugiiey,
Heaton, Hill, Hinds, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbaid,
Hunter, lngersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Keiley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Keteham,
Koontz, William Lawrence. Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Maynard, McClurg, MVivee, Miller, Moore,
Mullins. Myers, Xoriis. O'Neill, Paine, Pierce, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy,Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scotield, Shanks, Spalding, Tliad-
deus Stevens, Stokes, Sypher, Taylor, Twichell. Burt
Van llorn. Van Wyck, ijliiui \!>. Wasliburne, Henry
T). Washburn, Welker, Whittempre, William Wil-
liams, Stephen P. Wilson, and Windom—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Boutwell, Broruwell, foid-
ney Clarke, Dawes, Pla, Eldridge, Phot, i ie!ds, Haw-
kins, Kerr, Lailiu, Lincoln, Mann,Marsha l.Mereur,
Niblaok, Peters, Randall, Ross, Aaron *v Stevens,
Stewait, Tabei, Thomas, John Trimble Lawienca
S.Trimble, Van Aernnm, Van Auken, Van Hump,
and William B. Washburn—30. , « 11
NOT V0TXNG—Messrs. Anderson- Archer Arnold
nSS?BeLtnMB&ja|inOT,Blackb^
