1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
Mr. SUMNER. As the act which passed
both Houses at the last session has failed for
the want of the signature of the President, 1
propose now cimply to renew what was done
during the last session of Congress, and to pre-
sent the act again for the signature of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be willing to vote
for ibis bill as it is, considering that it has
already passed both Houses; but I must say
that it is very imperfect; it is very far from
reaching the whole case. We seem to bave
been in the habit of doing things by piecemeal.
First, by one bill we get the colored man into
a car, and then we give him the right of suf-
frage, and we do a little at a time. This simply
relieves his disabilities so far as relates to being
a juror and holding office in this District, but
it does not strike out the code which is in this
District. It is uot a clean thing. It does not
do what ought to be done. Perhaps there may
be some other bill upon which we can attach
amendments that shall coverthe whole ground.
There is an old code in this District that came
down to us from Maryland, which operates as
au infringement on the rights of the colored
people aside from preventing them from hold-
ing office and from being jurors, to which two
things this bill is restricted.
Mr. WILSON. In what respect?
Mr. POMEROY. The old code and prac*
tice affected them in many respects. I think
colored men are to be dispersed if there are
too many of tllem together after a certain hour
of the night. Then a man of my complexion,
or about like mine, is prohibited from con-
tracting matrimony with a person of a derker
complexion. There are all sorts of prohibi-
tions upon the rights of citizens. All such
restrictions ought to be stricken from the code
of the capital of this nation. There ought to
be no'such distinction on our statutes. This
bill only gives the right to hold office and the
right to be jurors; but as it has passed both
bodies once I shall not move an amendment.
I am willing to go for what I can get piece by
piece. I think, however, it would be better
for us to bring in one bill to make a clean
sweep of the whole legislation on this subject,
and end it. I want to arrive at a conclusion
some time.
Mr. SUMNER. I would simply say, in
reply to my friend, that, as I have the honor
of being upon the Committee on the District
of Columbia, I propose that the subject to
which he now calls attention shall not be ne-
glected in that committee. What they may
finally authorize with reference to the District
I cannot venture to say. I introduced the
present bill, however, in the language which
you have heard, because it had passed both
Houses in this language, and I thought on the
present occasion it was not expedient to raise
any further question. I agree with my friend
precisely in all his aims, but I shall try to con-
tent myself at the present moment with the
bill in the actual form which it has.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I ask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of this
bill; and I desire to say but a very few words.
I was a little surprised to hear the Senator
from Kansas say that he would vote for this
bill as it is, though he desires that it should
go much further. I had understood that the
pwple of his State at the recent election had in
a very emphatic manner pronounced against
tlii.s policy so far as that State was concerned,
and had said in such distinct terms as to leave
no question upon that point that the negro
population should form no part of the political
community of that State; indeed, they went
so far as to say that they ought not to be
allowed to vote in that State. A like expres-
sion—that they ought not to be allowed to
vote—has been given in some other of the
northern States. This bill goes much further
than that, and proposes to add to the measure
which was adopted two or three sessions ago, !
giving them the right to vote, the further right ;
to hold office in this District, a much higher 1
privilege, I suppose, at least so far as it affects !
us; it is an equal privilege, anyhow. ■
Mr. President, in voting upon laws for the 1
District of Columbia I have always felt it oblig-
atory upon me to vote for such laws as I would
be willing to vote for my own people at home
for their government. The Congress of the
United States, under the Constitution, enacts
the laws for this District; but inasmuch as the
people of the District have no voice in our
selection, I think we ought only to vote for
such laws as we know to be agreeable to our
own folks, to say the least of it. If the people
of a State have rejected a proposition by a
! decided majority, and we know that the white
! population of the District agree with the peo-
ple of that State, I do not well see how a Sen-
ator can impose such a law upon the people
of the District.
It is not my purpose to discuss the ques-
tion, but simply to call attention to the fact
| that the expression of opinion in the northern
j States in the recent electious has been very
emphatic against this policy. Notwithstand-
ing the bill passed at the last session, it is not
necessary that we should now pass it, for the
! pleasure of the people had not then been so
| emphatically made known as it now has been.
I Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think there is
any member of the body who would more will
ingly give to the people of color in this Dis-
trict and throughout the United States every
privilege necessary to their protection than
myself; but notwithstanding that, I have been
unable in the past to bring myself to the con-
clusion that the allowance of the right of suf-
frage to this class of our population is politic,
to say the least, or is demanded upon any
ground of principle. That right, according to
my understanding of it, is the creature of pos-
itive law, not one of the inalienable rights
with which we are endowed, and may or may
not exist in any particular community as that
community may think is advantageous or not
advantageous to the interests of the whole.
But the objections to the measure upon your
table, sir, in my view, are much stronger than
those which were applicable to the other ques-
tion of granting them the right of suffrage.
From the consequences of the exercise of that
right there is comparatively, as far as the gen-
eral public is concerned, little to be appre-
hended. The large numerical majority of
white people in the United States is perhaps a
security against any serious disadvantage which
might happen to the country at large. But
that is not the case as far as concerns the
measure upon your table. In that we and all
our constituents of the white race have a very
direct interest. We are to be tried'civilly and
criminally, we and our constituents, if we are
charged with having violated any right, pri-
vate or public; and the question for the Sen-
ate to decide is whether we are willing to have
ourselves tried by a jury of black men for the
most part just emerged from slavery, without
the capacity absolutely necessary to a faithful
and intelligent discharge of that duty. And it
is more especially important in relation to
criminal cases, because in cases of that de-
scription the jury may, in the exercise of its
power, decide conclusively for itself, disre-
garding the opinion of the court; and thus our
citizens and ourselves may be subjected to a
judgment over which there is no revising
power practically pronounced by twelve igno-
rant black, men.
But that is not all. The number of the black
race in this District is very large and promises
to become larger. It may be able to elect out
of its own numbers to every office, judicial or
otherwise, that is not now to be filled by the
Executive with the consent of the Senate.
We may give them the authority to elect their
magistrates; we may give theui the authority
to elect their judges; there is nothing to
prevent it; and then we ahould be placed in
the condition of having a tribunal to decide
upon our rights, civil aud criminal, constituted
of' persons of that race alone. Now, for one.
although as I said in the beginning, 1 would
secure them in the possession ot every right
which a man has the authority to claim as a
right, I am against giving to them a privilege
which may be exercised to the detriment, ot
the rest of the public, and which is not at all
necessary to the vindication of all of their own
rights.
1 forbear to say anything of the recent elec-
tions, because I suppose that the result of those
elections is known to u-s all, particularly to the
member from Massachusetts [Mr. SumxerJ aud
to my friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeuoy.]
All, therefore, that I will suggest upon the sub-
ject is that they afford us at least a premoni-
tory symptom that the policy which we have
adopted in the past upon the subject of the
black race is not altogether palatable to the
people of the United States; and as we are
but their servants when we come to the con-
elusion that thty have indicated their will in
that way it becomes us, as 1 think, in obedi-
ence to the popular will, to halt and not further
to press on in a system of legislation grown,
as i think, to be so obnoxious to the public
sentiment.
I forbear to say more, Mr. President; but
in the name of justice and on the part of the
people of this District, in very respectful terms
1 beg leave to protest against the passage of
such a measure as the one before you.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I only
wish to remark that if what has been said be
true, as I think it is, that the colored people
are very numerous in this District, it is worthy
of consideration that they, too, have rights.
They are to be tried by somebody, and it may
be quite as objectionable to them to have their
rights adjudicated by twelve ignorant white
men as it is for white men to have their rights
adjudicated by twelve ignorant black men.
if this argument is good for anything as
against the negro, it is equally so as against the
white man, because intelligence, loyalty, or
patriotism is not confined in this District nor
anywhere to any class or any color. If a Sen-
ator is in favor of giving to this class of per-
sons all the rights that are given to white men,
then this is one of the rights certainly to be
given. There is no State in the Union where
a man has the right to be an elector, where he
has a right to vote, that he cannot be voted for.
In the nature of the case the man who carries
the ballot, in all the States of this Union out-
side of this District,, has the right himself to
be elected. This is one of the facts that stare
us in the face, that under our own legislation
we have made electors of a class, and yet they
are not allowed to hold office themselves. This
bill remedies that defect.
In reply to my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] I have only to remind him that
some years ago when the State of Indiana
voted so largely against the sentiment of the
Democratic party as represented by the hon-
orable Senator I do not find that he resigned
his seat. He did not relinquish his principles;
he did not abandon his position because his
State went against him. I never knew a man
who had convictions abandon them because
all or even a majority of the people of his own
State did not. adopt them for the moment. We
have for twenty-live years learned " to labor
and to wait," and results come in due time-
Quite a portion of the people of my own State
(and very excellent people they are) are from
Indiana; and*they brought with them preju-
dices against color and againpt negroes. Some
of the-westeni States for many years had been
disgraced by black laws; and many of their
people brought to our new State the prejudices
thus engendered, and as a matter of course
they vo;e for years under such influences; hut,
afterall, thisisonlya question of lime: another
election on the subject will make 1' ail things
even."
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Indiana
