2448
THE' CONGRESSIONAL 6L01E.
May 13,
The total amount paid by the members of the consti-
tutional convention $879 54
Ot'this amount one member (a conservative
Democrat) pays $508 83
And three members pay  210 50
  719 35
Balance paid by all other members i $160 19
Executions for $77 75 of this balance; whether or
not paid not ascertained.
I have the full lists of the members of both
these bodies, giving their names, the districts
they represent, their color, and the taxes as-
sessed to each, which I intended to publish
with my remarks, but they would occupy too
much space. I will retain them at my desk,
where they can be examined by any member
who desires to do so. Fifty-six of the negro
delegates to the convention are nut even on
the assessor's books. With three or four ex-
ceptions the others only pay poll tax, and in a
few instances tax on a dog—very likely a sheep
killer—and the white delegates are in the same
condition. Twenty-three of their number were
unknown even to the assessor. Poll tax is not
charged against them, and most of the others
pay a mere nominal tax; and the same may be
said in regard to the State Senators and mem-
bers of the Legislature, as the detailed list in
my possession shows. These lists are at the
service of members, so that the accuracy of
■the statements I make may bo tested.
What is here shown in reference to South
Carolina is but a sample of all. laminformed
by the best men in Alabama that all the white
men in that State who voted for the constitu-
tion have not property enough in it to enable
them to execute the bond required by law from
the State treasurer.
These South Carolina papers were prepared
for the purpose of laying them before this
House, and to show what manner of men they
were who made this constitution for that peo-
ple, aud to show how impossible it is for this
House or any member of it, Republican or
Democrat, to go before his own constituency
and justify the imposing upon the people of
South Carolina such a constitution as that,
thus forced upon them by adventurers who
hate them, and by degraded and ignorant ne-
groes who knew nothing of what they were
doing.
There were very few free negroes in South
Carolina before the war; nearly all were slaves,
as you know. There is not one in a hundred
of them who can read or write, and yet under
the constitution of South Carolina they are
not only a majority of the electors, but they
have elected men of their own race and color
to iili three fourths of the ollices in the State.
Over seventy of them are in the State Legisla-
ture, and doubtless the other State offices are
held by them in like proportion. Intelligence
and virtue are crushed out by ignorance and
vice. The proud race to which we all belong,
and of whose civilization we are proud, is
trampled in the dust by the debased African.
Taxation without representation for the white
man, and representation without taxation for
the negro is the rule now in South Carolina.
"Shade of the mighty, can it be
That this is all remain* of thee?"
Under that constitution the negro magistrate
may, for any offenses a negro Legislature may
create, fine white men any sum not exceeding
$100 aud imprison him not exceeding thirty
days, and repeat it as often as he pleases.
Speaking disrespectfully of the race, color, or
integrity of the magistrate, refusing to send his
children to school with negroes, refusing to
sleep in the same bed with him—anything may
be made the pretext for arbitrary line and im-
prisonment. A more convenient mode of de-
populating the State of South Carolina of her
white race could not well be devised.
The Legislature has power to maintain a
standing army in time of peace. This and the
militia provision will enable a sufficient num-
ber of profligate uegioes to be maintained as
soldiers at the expense of the white tax payers
to keep the white race in perfect subjection,
and to eat out their substance.
The whole spirit of the proposed constitu-
tion is shown in section eight of article eight,
which reads thus:
" Sec. 8. The General Assembly shall never pass any
Imr that will deprive any of the citizens of this State
of the right of suffrage, except for treason, murder,
robbery, or dueling, whereof the persons shall have
been duly tried and convicted."
These are crimes of which white men may
be guilty, hence disfranchisement may he part
of the penalty. Perjury, burglary, clandestine
theft, arson, rape, the specialities of the negro
race, shall never deprive the perpetrator of the
right of suffrage, no matter how flagrant or oft
repeated. The gentleman who prefers to set-
tle his difficulties in private single combat
rather than bring them in noisy brawl before a
crowd is forever disfranchised, while the con-
victed perjurer, the thief, and the negro who
destroys the home or the child of the white
man, may, and perhaps would, in honor of the
crime, he elected Governor of the State or sent
to these Halls as soon as he leaves the peni-
tentiary.
On behalf of the Democratic State central
committee of South Carolina, I laid before
this House a remonstrance against this consti-
tution, which was referred to the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, afld by permission of our
chairman [Mr. Stevens] Colonel Thomas, of
South Carolina, advocated the views and prin-
ciples therein set forth with a modesty and
ability that seemed to impress even our distin-
guished chairman. I have that paper here. I
wish I had time to read it to the House. X
have not. I can only make a few extracts
from it, and urge the members on both sides,
if they want to understand the true state of
feeling in South Carolina, and the evils this
constitution would bring upon that people, to
read and ponder well on the facts therein con-
tained. Starting out by saying that the paper
was prepared by the Hon. B. T. Perry, one of
their best men, they present among other ob-
jections to the constitution the following, to
some of which 1 have alluded :
" .Article one, section nineteen of the Declaration
of rights, gives justices of peace jurisdiction of all
offenses less than felony, and in which the punish-
ment does not exceed a line of #100, or impiisomnent
for thirty days. This is a gross invasion of that boast
and bul wark of Anglo-Saxon liberty, the trial by j ury.
Any one may be arrested and 'tried summarily,'
before a justice of the peace or other officer author-
ized by law, on information under oath, without in-
dictment or intervention of agrandjuiy."
" Can anything he more despotic or alarming, than
the power ot an ignorant, vicious negro justice to fine
and imprison any and every man in the State?
" Section twenty-four enables the Legislature to
authorize and empower any one, a police or military
ollicor, to suspend the laws of the State, or the ex-
ecution of the laws I The Constitution oi the United
States limits the suspension ot the writ of habeas cor-
pus by Congress, even to cases of rebellion or in-
vasion. Buthere the whole laws of the State, in time
of peace, may be suspended by M>tno worthless
minion, authorized by the Legislatine.
" Section twenty-eight cleaily and distinctly em-
powers and authorizes the Legislature to keep up and
maintain a standing army in time of peace! This
alarming power isgiven, too, most adroitly, under the
pretense that armies being dangerous to liberty, ought
not to be maintained in time ot peai-e 1 without the
consentof the General .Assembly!' The purpose of
this section is to enable the Legislature to keep up a
regulartorcc offiveorten thousand negro soldiers, to
suppress and keep in subjection the white race, after
the United States torees are removed from Houth
Carolina! The Constitution of the United States
especially prohibits any Statu keeping troops or ships
ot war in time of peace.
" Section thirty-three takes from the Legislature all
discretion as to the adoption of the proposed ainend-
! ment of the Federal Constitution disfranchising the
1 people of South Carolina. This amendment, repudi-
ated by Ohio, California, N"ew Jersey, and even Mas*
sachu>etfs, was submitted by Congress to the several
State Legislatures for their adoption or rejection, as to
them should seem proper. They were to judge of its
merits aud decide for themselves, iiut this section
! sweais them bcfoiehand to adopt it, whether wise or
unwise, just or unjust!
"Section two of article eight enfranchises every
male negro over the age ot twenty-one, whether a
convict, felon, or a pauper, and disfranchises every i
white man who has held office in South Carolina !
intelligence, vjrtue, and patriotism are to give placed •
in all elections, to ignorance, stupidity, and vice! j
Tho superior race is to bo made subservient to the !
inferior. Taxation and representation are no longer :
tobeunited. They who own no property are to levy '
taxes and make all appropriations. The property - j
holders have to pay these taxes, without having any '
voice in levying them! The consequences wilf be i
in effect, confiscation. The appiopriations to sup- i
port free schools for the education of negro children^
for the support of old negroes in the poor-houses,
and the vicious in jails and penitentiary, together
with a standing army of negro sohliers, will be crush-
ing and utterly ruinous to the State. Every man's
property will have to be sold to pay his taxes."
After stating many other grave questions,
the committee add:
"Wc have thus suggested to your honorable body
some of the prominent objections to your adoption
of this constitution. AVc waive all argument upon
the subject of its validity. It is a constitution de
facto, and that is theground upon which we approach
your honorable body in the spirit of earnest remon-
strance. That constitution wasthe work of northern
adventurers, southern renegades, and ignorant ne-
groes. Not one per cent, of tho white population of
the Stato approves it, and not two por cent, of the
negroes who voted for its adoption understand what
ins act of voting implied. That constitution enfran-
chises ovcry male negro over the age of twenty-one,
and disfranchises many of the purest and best white
men of the State. The negro bping in a large nu-
merical majority as compared with tho# whites, the
effect is that the new constitution establishes in this
State negro supremacy, with all its trainfoi count-
less evils. A superior race—a portion, Senators and
Representatives, of the same proud race to which it
is your pride to belong—is put under the rule of an
inferior race; tho abject slaves of yesterday, the
flushed l'reedmcn of to-day. And think you that
thero can be any just, lasting reconstruction on this
basis? Tho committee resentfully reply, in behalf
of their white fellow-citizens, that this cannot be,
Wcdo not mean to threaten resistance by arms. But
the white people of our State will never quietly sub-
mit to negro rule. Wc may have to pass under the
yoke you have authorized, but by moral agencies,
by political organization, by every peaceful means
left us, we will keep up this contest until we have
regained the heritage of political control handed
down to us by an honored ancestry. This is a duty
wo owe to the land that is ours, to the graves that it
contains, and to the race of which you and we are
alike members—the proud Caucasian race, whose
sovereignty on earth God has ordained, and they
themselves have illustrated on tho most brilliant
pages of tho world's history."
Mr. Speaker, no man can read the remon-
strance from which these extracts are taken
and lay his hand on his heart and say that he
honestly believes he is doing justice to his coun-
try and his race by forcing such a constitution
on that people.
Now, sir, as I said in the outset, it is im-
possible to discuss the merits of these consti-
tutions in an hour. I merely took up some of
the provisions in the South Carolina constitu-
tion as specimens of what will be found in all
of them, -with this difference : Georgia, South
Carolina, and North Carolina have been far
more liberal toward the white race in the right
of suffrage than Arkansas, Alabama, or Louis-
iana have been. Arkansas and Alabama have
been before the House heretofore ; let me look
for a moment at the provisions governing suf-
frage in the proposed constitution of Louisiana.
They are as follows:
" Title YI.—General Provision*.
"Art. 93. Every male person, of the age of twenty-
one years or upwards born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
and a resident of this State one year next preceding
an election, and the last ten days within the parish
in which he offers to vote, shall be deemed an elector,
except those disfranchised by this constitution, and
pei.sons under interdiction.
"Art. 90. Thefollowing persons shall be prohibited
from voting and holding any office: all per.-ons who
shall have been convicted of treason, peijury, ior-
gery, bribery, or other oiime punishable in the peni-
tentiary. and persons under interdiction. Ah persons
who are estopped from claiming the risrht oi suftrago
by abjuring their allegiance to the United States Gov-
ernment, or by notoriously levying wai against it, or
adhering to its enemies, giving them aid or comfort,
but who have not expatriated themselves, nor have
been convicted of any ol the crimes mentioned in the
first paragraph of this article, are hereby rest'ued to
the saul right, except thefollowing: those who held
omce, civil or military, lor one vear or mor?\ under
the organization styled'the Confederate States of
America • those who registered themselves oe one-
mies ot the I nitedStates: those who acted as leaders
pi guerrilla bands diirinstthe lute rebellion; those who,
m the advocacy ot treason, wrote or published news-
ai*tie.es or preached seimons during the late
lcjeliion; and those v*ho voted for and ,*iinied an
ordinance of secession in any Statn. Xo person in-
"! f iC-eiC35??ption,! rhali euiier M.te ui hold
OHiee until ho shall hni e relieved himself by vulun-
tw i i,ne a"a, a certificate settimr forth
ao^llowtedges the lute rebellion to have been
nioratb and politically wrons, and tha.t he reureu
n L'01n.t'.'rt may have given n : ami he
nf Cortihcute 111 the office of the Secretary
.' 2 -1! s, S..1 be MibSished in the official
journal . HfuvitttU, ihat no poison who, prior to th©
hL „f !?"ar'' , tko execution of tho
m nl f- ' Popularly known as tho
« ia?i ?f Cougrcas and openly and
actively assisted the loyal men oi' tho State in their
