1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
mittee of the Whole was to the following para-
graph :
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty ofiiccrs,
and seaman, $8,000,000, orso much thereof as may be
required by existing law. #
The amendmeutwas to add the following:
Provided, That all moneys now under control or
subject to the order of the Secretary of the Navy,
whether arising from appropriations or from sales
of public property or otherwise, which shall be un-
expended on the 1st day of July, 1868, shall bo cov-
ered into the Treasury; so that no amount hereby
appropriated shall be expended or drawn while any
other unexpended moneys shall be subject to the
control of the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was to insert after
line Seventy, page the following:
Provided, That the civil engineer and naval store-
keeper, when required at any of the navy-yards,
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and tho persons
employed in the several navy-yards, the nuiistur-
maclnnists, master-carpontors, master-jovnevs, mas-
ter-blacksmiths, master-boilermakers, master-asm-
innkers, master-plumbers, master-painters, mastcr-
calkers, master-masons, master-boatbuilders,masta'-
sparmakei's, master-bloekmakers, and all superin-
tendents of rope-walks shall bo appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall bo men skilled in thoir several duties,
and appointed from civil life, and shall not be ap-
pointed from officers of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment was to the following
paragraph:
For expenses of Naval Observatory, namely :
For wages of one instrument maker, one messen-
ger, and two watchmen; for keeping grounds inorder
and repairs to buildings and inclosures; for fuel,
light, and offico furniture, and for stationery, chem-
icals for batteries, postage, and freight, $10,000.
The amendment was to insert the words
"one porter" after "messenger," and to
increase the appropriation by the sum of
$G0Q.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment was to strike out the
following:
For salary of assistant astronomer, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment was to strike out the
following:
Provided, That so much of the act of May 25.1864,
as provides for three aids is hereby repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For salary of throe aids, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment was to strike out
u $10,000" and insert " $15,000" in the fol-
lowing paragraph:
For preparing for publication the American Nau-
tical Almanac, namely, for pay of computers, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventh and last amendment was in
relation to the following paragraph :
Bureau of Ordnance:
For guns, gun-carriages, shot, shell, magazine and
laboratory stores, and equipments of all kinds; tor
gunpowder, small arms, equipments and ammuni-
tion ; for fuel and materials necessary in carrying on
the mechanical branches of the ordnance depart-
ment at the navy-yards and stations, $2o0,000.
The amendment was to add to the paragraph
the following:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act. or of tho moneys now in the hands or
under the control of the Secretary of the Navy, shall
be used in paying for now guns, gun-carriages, or
small-arms.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That pro-
viso is in contradiction of a part of the section
to which it is attached._ I think it entirely
unnecessary, and I hope it will be voted down.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported
from the Committee on Appropriations a bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses ot the Government tor
the year ending June 80, 1SG9, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made a special order for to-morrow
after the morning hour.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BUTLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report a bill (Ii.
R. No. 819) making partial appropriations for
the farther expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations. I desire
that the House shall at this time consider this
bill as if in the Committee of the Whole, and I
will state the reason. Our regular appropria-
tions are, of course, for the fiscalyear beginning
July 1, 1808; but it is necessary, as we are
informed by tho Indian department, and as we
learn from the best sources of information
accessible to us, that the seeds and agricul-
tural implements due to certain Indians by
treaty stipulations should get to them as early
in the spring as possible.
The appropriations for that purpose have
always been six months behind. After full
examination we have agreed to appropriate, if
I remember rightly, $222,000, where the sum
of $i51,000 is asked for. The amount appro-
priated by this bill is only a portion of the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869. It is in anticipation of the regular
appropriation, being rendered necessary by the
state of affairs among the Indians, and it is
simply in fulfillment of our treaty stipulations.
The whole amount of appropriations for Indian
affairs which will be reported after further
examination will be between one and two mil-
lion dollars.
The committee have added to this bill a sec-
tion providing that the money appropriated
shall be expended under the direction of the
commissioners known as the Indian peace
commissioners, embracing General Sherman
and other well-known military officers, as well
as several civilians. These commissioners will
be obliged this spring to visit these very In-
dians, and can take out witli them the neces-
sary implements and seeds which this bill pro-
vides for. I trust, therefore, that no point of
order will be raised upon the second section.
It is designed to put tho expenditure of this
money under the control and supervision, not
only of tho Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who is one of the commissioners, but also of
the other members of this very able commis-
sion. I trust there will be no objection to con-
sidering this bill in the House now.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous, consent that this
bill shall now be considered in the House as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not know that I
shall object; but I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts fMr. Butleii] whether this
bill does not practically take the whole manage-
ment of our Indian system out of the hands of
the Secretary of the Interior, and inaugurate a
new system by which our Indian affairs shall
be under the control of the military authorities.
Is not this bill the first step toward a thorough
change in our whole system in this regard?
Mr. BOTLliR. In no form, sir; because
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Mr. Tay-
lor, is to-day a member of this commission.
Three or four of the members are civilians.
This bill proposes only a partial appropriation
for a particular emergency.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand that there
are civilians upon this commission ; but does
not this bill practically take the control of
this matter out of the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and give it to this commis-
sion ? In other words, would not the Secretary
of the Interior, but, for the second section of this
bill, have full charge of the disbursements of
this money for the purposes proposed?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. I must object then.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether this
bill has been printed.
Mr. BUTLER. It has not been. But it
contains only a few appropriations, and can
very easily be understood when read.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the gen-
tleman will 'allow the bill to be printed before
he presses its consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. If, after the bill has been
read, the gentleman desires that it shall be
printed, I will cheerfully consent that it shall
go over. .
Mr. CHANLER. I reserve my right to ob-
ject after hearing the bill read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, the right to object to its consider-
ation being reserved.
The bill was read.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow this bill to go over and be
printed, so as to be considered at some future
time. This bill, as I understand it from the
reading at the Clerk's desk, proposes to make
appropriations for certain hostile tribes of In-
dians who have been engaged during the last
year in committing depredations upon our
frontier settlements.
Mr. BUTLER. If the gentleman will allow
me I will save him further trouble. I move
the bill be referred to the Committee of the
■Whole on the state of the Union, ordered to
be printed, and made the special order for
to-morrow and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW RULE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee
on the Rules the following:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules
of tho House:
Ponding a motion to suspend the rules the Speaker
may entertain one motion that the House do now
adjourn, and after tho result thereon is announced
ho shall not entertain any otherdilatory motioauntil
the vote is taken on the suspension.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 83, not voting
18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Biaine, Blair. Boutwell, Broomall,
Buckland,Butler, Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarko.
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferris?,
Forry, Fields, Gravely, Griswold, lialsey, Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Hunter, Ingcrsoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz,Lailin, William La.wrenee,Lincoln,
Loan, Logan. Loughridgc, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Nunn, O'A'eill,Orth,
Paine, Perham, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Price, Kaum,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Scoficld.Sclye,Shanks,
Smith. Spalding, Thaddeua Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, EhhuB. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James 1?.
Wilson. John T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Buyer, Biooks, Burr, Ciianler, Eldridge,
Fox, Get!;, Uolladay, Grover, llaight, Holman, Hoteh-
kiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Marshall, Mungen, !Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Pruyn, ltandall, Ross, Sitgrcavcs,
Stone, Tabor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Trump,
Wood, and Woodward—o3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bromwell, Cake, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Ecltley, Ela, Farnswortlu-Finney,
Garfield, Glossbrenner.IIooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, ITulburd,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, George V. Lawrence, Majnard,
McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrisscy, New-
eoinls Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy. E.obin-
son._ Shcllabargcr, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Taffe, John Trimble, Van Auken, Futbert T. Van
Morn, Henry D. Washburn, William Williams. Ste-
phen E. Wilson, and Windoifl—48.
_ So, two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive, the rules were suspended.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
