4496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Donnelly, Eckloy, Edwards, Ferry, Finney, *ox,
Uoltoday, (W, Gove, Gravely, Griswold Grover,
ilai-ht, llalsey. Hamilton, Harding Higby, llol-
man, Hooper, Hotchldss, Asahel W. lluboard, Rich-
ard I). Uubbaid, Hulbuid, Humphrey, Alexander
II. Jones, Julian, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, MaUory, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, McCullough, Moorhead, Morrell, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Newcomb,Newshani, Nicholson, jNunn,
Orth, Pcrliam, Phelps, Pike, Price, Prince, Pruyn,
Robinson, Roots, Selye, Shcllabareer, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Starkweather, Stone Taffo Trowbridgo, Up-
son. Robert T. Van Horn. Vidal, Ward, Cadwalader
C Washburn, Thomas Williams, James 1'. Wilson,
John I. Wilson, Wood, Voodbridge, and Wood-
ward—y~.
So the main "question was ordered to be
now put.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles ; when the
Speaker sigued the same:
An act (S. No. 10) donating a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation for the
exclusive use of a public road;
An aet (S. No. 487) to disapprove an act of
the Legislative Assembly of Washington Ter-
ritory, redisricting the Territory and reassign-
ing the judges thereof;
An act (S. No. 021) authorizing the Manu-
facturers' National Bank oi New York to
change its location;
An act (S. No. 570) relating to the district
courts of Utah Territory;
An act (S. No. 004) regulating the tunes
and places of holding the district and circuit
courts of the United States for the northern
district of Florida;
Joint resolution (S. E. No. 109) appealing to
the Turkish Government in behalf of the peo-
ple of Crete;
An act(S. No. 417) to amend an act entitled
" An act proposing to the State ot Texas the
esiablishment of her northern and western
boundaries, the relinquishment by the said
.Slate of all territory claimed by her, exterior
to said boundaries, and of all her claims upon
the United States, and to establish a territorial
government for New Mexico;"
An act (S. No. 491) to provide for the ap-
pointment of recorder of deeds in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ; and
Joint resolution (S. it. No. 151) to drop
from the rolls of the Army certain otlicers ab-
sent without authority from their commands.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions ot the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An aet (H. li. No. 1455) to correct an error
in the enrollment of the act imposing taxes
oil distilled spirits and tobacco, and lor other
purposes;
An act (H. 11. No. 1457) to pay for indexing
the tax bill;
Joint resolution (H. E. No. 867) to aid in
relieving l'rom peonage women and children
of the Nayajo Indians ; and
Jomt resolution (H. E. No. 325) relative to
the pay of the chief clerk in the office of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House.
EMILY 1). BIDWiiLL.
The SPEAKER. House bill No. 1303 grant-
ing an increase of pension to Emily B. Bid-
well, widow of Brigadier General Daniel D.
Bidweli, has been returned from the Senate
with an amendment increasing the pension in
the case of Sarah Hackleman, widow of the late
Brigadier General Pleasant A. Hackleman.
It is the case which the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hoi.max] has had in charge. If
there be no objection the Senate amendment
will be concurred in.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
DUTY ON COPP13K ORE AGAIN.
Mr. THOMAS. I move to lay the pending
bill on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
25, noes 71; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered : and Mr. Thomas and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 31, noes 83.
Mr. ELDElDGEand Mr. BANKS demanded
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays the Chair
reported—ayes twenty, not one fifth of the last
vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. Count the other side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin demands tellers, which supersedes a
count, being a revision of the Speaker's couut.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty-
one.
So tellers were refused.
Mr. BANKS. I have a right to a couut of
the other side.
The SPEAKER. That would be true if a
count by the House by tellers did not super-
sede a count by the Speaker.
Mr. BANKS. Then 1 take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
decision lie has made. Upon a count by the
Chair twenty members demanded the yeas and
nays. The Chair decided that that was not
one fifth of the last vote. The gentleman from
Massachusetts then demanded a count of the
other side, but the gentleman from _ Wisconsin
demanded tellers, which the Chair decided
superseded the count of the other side by
the Chair. On ordering tellers twenty-two
members rose which was not a sufficient num-
ber. The gentleman from Massachusetts ap-
peals from that decision.
Mr. ELDltlDGE. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Ilionx] lose before the Chair
declared the count, so that the count should
have been twenty-two.
The SPEAKER. There were twenty-one
votes by the count of the Chair, but the Clerk
informed him that another member rose,
making twenty-two. That, however, is not a
sullieient number.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on sustaining the
decision of the Chair ; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 1, not voting
98; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Dolus R. Ashley,
A >. tell, Bailey, liaker, Beatty, lieck, Bingham, Black-
burn, Boles, Boutwell, Boyden, Brorawell, Buck-
laud, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Oalhs,
Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullom. Delano, Dowcesc,
Dockery, DriKgs, Kgs<leston, Bla, iJjdiulse, bhot,
Farnsworth, I'orriss. fields, i'rencb, liartiokl, beta,
Ulosobromicr, Urovcr, liaughey, lleaton, lligby, Hill,
Hinds, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Inger-
soil, Jcnekes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Kelley. Keliogg, Kelscy, Kerr, kotcham, Koontz,
Lallin,William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Ma I lory, Mann, Marshall, McClurg, McKee.Mercur,
MUter, Moore, Mullins, M>ers, Niblack, Norns.
O'Neill, Oi th, Paine, Perham, Peters,Phelps, Pierce,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Randall, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Schcnck, Scofield, Shanks, bpald~
ing Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, laber,
Taife, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrences.
Trimble, Twichell, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck,Vidal, E'ahu Ji. Washburne.
William B. Washburn, Weiker, Whittemore, William
Williams, Johu T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Win do m—121.
NAYS—Mr. Van Auken—1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, James Ivl. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barries,
Barnum, Beanian, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair,
Bowen, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Chanler, Oiitt, Cook, Cornell, Bawes,
Dixon, Bodge, Donnelly, Eckloy, Edwards, Ferry,
Finney, Fox, Golladay, Gross, Gove, bravely, Gris-
wold, llaight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Haw-
kins, Holman, Hooper, Hotohkiss, Asahol W. Hub-
bard, Richard I>. Hubbard, TTnlburd, Humphrey,
Alexander H. Jones, Julian,Iutchen, Knott, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeOormiek, McCullough,
Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb,
Ncwsham, Nicholson, Nunn.Pike, Pile, Price, Prince,
Pruyn, Raum, Robinson, Hoots, Selye, Sheilabarger,
Sitgroaves Smith, Starkweather, Asiron F. Stevens,
Stone, Syphcr, Trowbiidge, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry i).
Washburn, Thomas: Williams J.unos F. Wilson,
Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—93.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the
bill on the table is lost. .
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to make a privileged
rlfc'ROSS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained, and lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Ohio as entitled to the floor
to make a privileged report.
MESSAGE FHOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed an act (H. R. No. 053) for the relief of
A. W. Ballard.
The message further announced that the
Senate had indefinitely postponed the bill (H.
It. No. 783) for the relief Samuel Pierce.
riTNDINCr T1IB NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit the following report from the
committee of conference on the funding bill:
The committoeof conference on the ^agreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. lor
funding the national debt and for the conveiaion of
the notes of the United btates, having mot, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommcnd, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses, a3 follows:
That the House recede irorn then; sixth, eightn,
ninth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
m,That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the tenth and twelfth amendments ot the House,
and agree to the same.
That the House reccdc from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the House, so iar as it pro-
poses to strike out words, and agree to the. said
amendment with an amendment, as follows: insert
in lieu of the words proposed to be stricken out too
words "as lie may prescribe, and of denominations
of $100, or any multiple of that sumand thellouse
agree to the same. .
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
tho second amendment of the House, so lar as it pro-
poses to strike out words, and agree to the sarao
* . i i i . _  .^ 1. A* H-ia
ivoly  a  
torest, payable semi-annually in coin, that is to say,
the issue of bonds falling due in thirty years shall
bear interest at tour and a half per cent., and bonus
falling due m forty years shall bear interest at four
percent.and the ilouse agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement to
the third amendment of the House, so far as it Pro-
poses to strike out words, and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows: insert in lieu of the words
strickon out, " and the interest thereon shall be ex-
empt from the payment of all taxes or duties to
tho United State* other than such income tax as may
be assessed on other incomes, as well as from taxa-
tion in any form by or under State, municipal, or
local authority and the House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the House, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: page X, line
twonty-live, (of the bill,) after the woid "used" in-
sert the words " par for par."
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement to
the filth amendment of the House, and agree to tho
same with the following amendments: page 1, lino
twenty-eight,(of the bill, )sti ike outthe words " pres-
ent interest-bearing debt" and insert in lieu thereof
the words "present outstanding bonds."
Page 1, line twenty-nine, strike out the words
° other than."
Pago l.line thirty, strike out the words " the three
per cent, certificates" and insert in lieu thereof the
woids "known as the fi\e-twent> bonds;" and tho
House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the House, and agree to
the same with the following amendment; page 2,
lines thirty-three and thirty-four, strike out the words
"outstanding or existing obligations as limited
herein*' and insert in lieu thereof the words "such
five-twenty bonds;" and tho House agree to tho
same."
That the Senate recede from the disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the House, and ,«.grue to
the same with amendments, as follows: inscrtin said
House amendment after the woid "negotiation " the
word "redemption."
Page 3, lino fourteen, strike out the word " or " and
after the word " negotiation " insert the words "re-
demption or exchangeand tho House agree to tho
same.
They farther recommend that tholitlo be amended
so that it will read "Ail act providing for the pay-
ment of the national debt and for tho reduction of
the rate of interest thereon."
JOHN SHERMAN,
E. I). MORGAN,
GEuRGE H. WILLIAMS.
Managerz on tha part of the Senate,
ROirT. c. schexuul
John a. logan.
GEORGE S. BOLT WELL.
Muna-jeru on the purl of the i/xm-.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 demand the previous
question.
