1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4497
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order. I ask that the bill, as amended, may
be read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was going to say that I
apprehended every one has seen the bill in the
morning papers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it has been frequently decided that on a con-
ference report it is not the right of any mem-
ber to demand that ihe entire bill be read.
That has been decided on appeal. But the
Chair understands that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] proposes, as the bill is
important, to have it read.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall have to appeal
from the decision of the Ghiir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the appeal because the question has
been settled by parliamentary law; it has been
repeatedly settled.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I reserve the right to
demand a separate vote on each amendment.
The SPEAKER. The rules state that the
report of a conference committee shall be voted
on and accepted or rejected as a whole. That
is the parliamentary law laid down in the
Digest, and beyond all controversy. The Chair
will read it if gentlemen desire it.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to hear it read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot turn to
it at this moment, but the gentleman from Illi-
nois is as well acquainted with the rule as the
Speaker is. It is a well-known, established
rule that a conference report must be accepted
or rejected as a whole.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to that,
but I want the bill, as amended, read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was answering
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridue]
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not my purpose to
detain the House with any explanation. The
bill is reduced to a little bill of three sections.
It has been published in the papers this morn-
ing. If there is a general desire in the House
to have the bill exactly as we have agreed upon
it read from the Clerk's desk, instead of any
explanation, I will agree to submit that as my
explanation before I call the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will have it read.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. Then I ask
that the bill be read as my explanation.
Mr. KLDRIDG-E. I desire to raise the
point of order, that it-is not in order to read
from newspapers here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly can-
not sustain that point of order, for it is the
practice for members on the floor to read
speeches in manuscript and from print.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not understand
that the gentleman offered it as his speech.
The SPEAKER. He does. He so stated.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
An act providing for the payment of the national
debt, and for the reduction of the rate of mterost
thereon.
Be it enacted, &c„ That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby a uthorized to issue coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, in such form as he may
prescribe, and of denominations of $100, or nny mul-
tiple of that sum, redeemable in com at the pleasure
of the United States after thirty and forty years, re-
spectively, and. bearing the following rates of yearly
interest, payable semi-annually in coin: that is to
say, the issue of bonds falling due in thirty years shall
bear interest at four and a liaif per cent., and bonds
falling due in forty years shall bear interest at four
per cent., which said bonds and the interest thereon
shall bo exempt from the payment of all taxes or
duties to the United States other than such income
tax as may be assessed on other incomes, as well as
from taxation in any form by or under State, muni-
cipal, or local authority, and the &aid bonds shall be
exclusively used, par for par, for the redemption of
or in exchange for an equal amount of any of the
outstanding bonds of the United States known as the
five-twenty bonds, and may be issued to an amount,
in the aggregate, sufficient to cover the principal of
all such live-twenty bonds, and no more.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there is
hereby appropriated out of the duties derived from
impoited goods the sum of §135,000,000 annually,
which sum, during each fiscal year, shall bo applied
to the payment of the interest and to the reduction
of the principal of the public debt in such a manner
as may be determined by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or as Congress may hereafter direct; and such
reduction shall be in lieu of the sinking fund con-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 282.
templated by the fifth section of the act entitled
"An act to authorize the issue of United States notes,
and for the redemption or funding thereof, andfimd-
ing the floating debt of the United States," approved
February 25, 1862. _
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act no percentage,deduction,
commission, or compensation of any amountor kind
shall be allowed to any person for the sale, negotia-
tion, redemption, or exchange of any bonds or secur-
ities of the United States, or of any coin or bullion
disposed of at the Treasury Department or elsewhere
on account of the United States; and all acts and
parts of acts authorizing or permitting, by construc-
tion or otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint any agent, other than some proper officer
of his Department, to make such sale, negotiation,
redemption, or exchange of bonds and securities aro
hereby repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. With that explanation, I
demand the previous question.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled an act
(H. R. No. 13G3) granting an increase of pen-
sion to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of Brigadier
General Daniel D. Bidwell, and to Sarah
Haekleman, widow ofBrigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Ilaekleman; when the Speaker signed
the same.
funding tiik national debt.
The question was oil seconding the demand
for the previous question on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference on the
funding bill.
Mr. BOSS. I move that the House take a
recess for fifteen minutes, and I call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. SCHEN OK. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER, it is not; this is the ses-
sion of Saturday.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROSS called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 20, noes 90.
So the House refused to take a recess for
fifteen minutes.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion to adjourn for the reason that
the two Houses have ordered that the adjourn-
ment shall take place at twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that the
House now take a recess until eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 19, noes 104.
Before the result was announced
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on the
motion for a recess.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were eighteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being not one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion for a recess.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 19, noes 103.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
i the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly the motion for a recess to eleven
o'clock was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now take a recess until half past eleven o'clock.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 18, noes 100.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. RAN DALL called for tellers.
The question was taken ; and there were
nineteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion for a recess.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 19, noes 101.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion for a recess until half past eleven
o'clock was accordingly not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to en-
tertain the motion to adjourn for the reason
stated by him when the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] made a similar mo-
tion a few minutes since. The Chair has enter-
tained three motions for a recess in immediate
succession, but he doubts whether it was his
duty to entertain more than one such motion,
in order to determine the status of the House.
But the Cbair did not desire to deprive the
minority of any of their rights, and therefore
entertained three motions for a recess. The
question now recurs upon seconding the call
for the previous question upon the report of
the committee of conference.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 103, noes 19.
So the previous question was seconded. '
Mr. ROSS. I move that the report of the
committee of conference be laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 19, noes 101.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that he had on the 27th instant ap-
proved and signed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles :
An act (Ii. R. No. 1431) granting a pension
to Emmelene II. Rudd, widow of the late Com-
modore John Rudd, deceased ;
An act (H. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to John Gridley ;
An act (H. R. No. 1408) granting a pension
to Catharine Gensler ;
An act (Ii. R. No. 1409) granting a pension
to Asa F. Holcomb ;
An act (II. R. No. 1405) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Lamar ;
An act (H. Ii. No. 1404) granting a pension
to William Smith;
An act (H. R. No. 1392) granting a pension
to Chauncey D. Rose, father of Alvin J. Rose,
late a sergeant-veteran in company A, second
regiment of Ohio cavalry volunteers, who was
killed in action at Five Porks, Virginia, April
1,1805;
An act (IT. R. No. 1898) granting a pension
to Martin Burke;
An act (II. R. No. 1397) granting a pension
to Prescott Y. Howland ;
An act (H. R. No. 139G) granting a pension
to Stephen T. Carver;
An act (H. R. No. 1395) granting a pension
to Esther C. Vangilder, widow of Charles
F. Vangilder, deceased, late a private in com-
pany M, first regiment Vermont heavy artil-
lery volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 1410) granting back pen-
sion to the minor children of Joseph Berry;
An act (II. Pw No. 1399) granting increased
pension to William B. Edwards;
An act (H. R. No. 1400) granting a pension
Jonathan H. Perry;
An act (H. R. No. 1401) granting a pension
to John La Marsh ;
An act (H. R. No. 1402) granting a pension
to Catharine Skinner;
An act (H. R, No. 1403) granting a pension
to Helen L. Wolf;
An act (II. R. No. 1384) granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth Lane, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, mother of John Lane, deceased, late a
private in company A, twelfth regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 1393) granting a pension
\ to Miss Ann E. Hamilton, of Alleghany city,
Pennsylvania, aunt and adopted mother of
James E. McKillip and Charles P. MoKillip,
deceased, late soldiers in the Union Army;
An act (II. R. No. 1382|) granting a pen-
sion to Sarah E. Ball, widow of James Ball,
! deceased, late a fireman on the steamer V l-
i dette, connected with the Burnside expedition ;
j An act (H. R. No. 1391)granting a pension
i to Jane McNaughton :
