1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
efforts to restore Louisiana to her position in the
Union, shall be held to be included among those who
are herein excepted. Registrars of voters shall take
the oath of any such person as prima facie evidence
of the fact that he is entitled to the benefit of this
proviso.
"Art. 100. Members of the General Assembly and
all other officers, before they enter upon the duties of
their offices, shall take the following oath or affirm-
ation: I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that
I accept the civil and political equality of ali men,
and agree not to attempt to deprive any person or
persons, on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition, of any political or civil right, privilege, or
immunity enjoyed by any other class of men; that I
will support the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and the constitution and laws of this State,
and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge
and perform all the duties incumbent on me as
according to the best of my ability and understand-
ing: so help rue God."
The reconstruction acts allowed all men to
register and vote who would not be disqualified
from holding office by the third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
Neither editors, preachers, guerrilla leaders,
registered enemies, nor persons who voted for
-secession are excluded, yet this constitution
excludes them all unless they become political
renegades. Who is to decide as to the charac-
ter of the editorials written or the sermons
preached seven years ago. But it is useless to
elaborate. The whole thing is in a nutshell.
Everybody is disqualified who will not indorse
the conduct and vote for the elevation to offices
of honor and profit of the men who controlled
the negro vote and were using it for their own
selfish purposes under the specious pretense .of
loyalty. When men did that all their sins were
forgiven, and they were allowed to come in and
vote on every question; the men who had taken
control of the negro vote, who were determined
to be elected to this Congress and to go to the
Senate of the United States, to be elected Gov-
ernors, judges, and legislators, also determined
that there should be no free vote uuless it was
cast for them ; and whenever it was signified
that one of these excluded men would vote for
them and sustain their policy, no matter how
obnoxious he may have been or how false his
pretenses might be, no matter whether he hon-
estly agreed with or had sold himself out to
them, all his disabilities were removed, and
lie stood purified and washed clean by reason
of supporting them for the offices they are
seeking.
That is the political history of the franchise
clause in the constitution of Louisiana. Sub-
stantially the same provision in regard to edu-
cation prevails there as in South Carolina.
Taxation the most enormous, compulsory edu-
cation of girls and boys at the same school
with the negroes. They are all mixed to-
gether. A poor man cannot help himself. Tt
is made a penal offense, or the Legislature has
the power, and it is its duty to make it a penal
offense, to refuse to allow them to associate
together at the common schools. The man
who is-rich enough may employ a teacher of
his own choice, and if he does so the compul-
sion ceases. But such has been the impover-
ishment at the South, as gentlemen well know,
that few of the most intelligent and respectable
people are really able to afford the means of
education such as they used to afford, and they
will therefore be compelled to se*d their chil-
dren, whether they are willing to do so or not,
to these mixed schools. I can scarcely con-
ceive of a more despotic, galling, and degrad-
ing provision in the fundamental law of a
State pretending to be free.
A Member. Nine tenths of them will have
to do it.
Mr. BECK. Perhaps nine tenths; I do not
wish to speak extravagantly.
But the clock warns me that I must hasten
on. In the States of North Carolina and
Georgia the conventions that framed the con-
stitutions removed the disabilities from all men
except such as the Constitution of the United
States prohibits from voting. They made the
franchise universal. And yet when they came
to elect the officers provided for by that Con-
stitution large numbers of men who were qual-
ified by the Constitution itself were prohibited
fiiom voting. Every man who had not been
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 154.
able to register last October was excluded from
the right of suffrage. Thousands of men in
both these States who had a right to vote for
or against these officers were kept away from
the polls by the managers controlling them,
although the Constitution itself provided that
they should have the right to vote. Why?
Simply because it was known that if they were
permitted to do so they would vote for the
men who controlled the negro vote of these
States. To show that I am not making reck-
less assertions I call attention to a letter which
I have in my hand—and I suppose many of the
members of the House have it also—written by
Hon. Daniel R. Goodloe to Hon. Charles
Sumner, setting forth all these facts as exist-
ing in the State of North Carolina. I use it in
preference to similar information from Geor-
gia, because he himself, as he avows, was an
original abolitionist, and was in favor of the
largest civil and political rights of the freedmen,
and therefore entitled to the confidence of the
majority on the other side of this Hall. Yet
in this letter he confesses the fact to be that
such have been the frauds in carrying on the
elections under the constitution in North Car-
olina that none of the candidates who have
been elected to any of the offices, either as
Governor, State officers, members of the
Legislature, or of this House, are entitled to
their seats or ought to be allowed to take them,
because they were only elected by having
excluded thousands of qualified voters from
the polls.
I will read a few sentences from that letter,
preferring it to any statement of fact that I
might be able to make.
After speaking of his own position and his
desire to elevate the negro as far as it could
be consistently done, and of the many objec-
tions to intrusting all the emancipated slaves
with the right of suffrage, especially if many
intelligent whites were disfranchised, he adds:
"Meantime I doubt not that your a priori reason-
ings on the subject will bring you to the conclusion
that the intelligent property holders of North Caro-
lina ought not to be denounced as incorrigible trai-
tors for having voted against a constitution which is
so well calculated to place them at the mercy of de-
praved and ignorant demagogues."
SN>. * * * *
"The military commander ia agentlcman for whom
I entertain great respect. I doubt not he intended
to perform his duty merely; and I have no suspicion
thathe was a conscious party to the scheme for de-
priving a large body of the most intelligent qualified
voters of their rights. The plan was probably re-
garded by him as a mere form, and was doubtless
concocted here in Raleigrh, in order to make sure the
election of certain aspirants to office. Without it
they were doomed to certain defeat. With it they
had reasonable grounds to anticipate success. By a
general order the convention ordinance was ap-
proved; anditfurtherdirectedthatthe votesforrati-
fication for Congressmen, aud for State officers, should
all bo written or printed on one ballot and cast into
one box. This arrangement, though highly incon-
venient and admirably calculated to prevent a fair
expression of the popular will, might nevertheless
have been legitimate, or at least bearable, if the vo-
tor* qualified by the constitution were identical with
tho.-o qualified by the reconstruction acts, Butsuch
is not the case, as appeals from the following article
of the new constitution:"
After quoting the suffrage article in the
constitution, "which I need not read, he goes on
to say:
"I see not how any man of ordinary candor can
read the foregoing article without being forced to
the conclusion that the convention, by giving a
superficial construction to the last amendatory act
of Congress, has authorized the holding an election
for Congressmen and State officers in violation of
the Constitution—the work of their own hands. The
body was doubtless betrayed into this course by cer-
tain cunning party leaders, who, failing, after the
most earnest efforts, to ingraft theirr proscriptivo
principles in the Constitution, determined to cheat
a large part of the voters out of their franchise until
they could bo provided with snug offices for a long
term of years. It will be noticed that the terms of
office of the Governor and other State officials is four
years, which is twofold longer than heretofore, with
the latter half of the present year thrown in to the
first term. Thus, while the people are enfranchised
in the constitution, they are defrauded of their rights
for the first four years. Our disinterested patriots
havo thus 'held the word of promise to the ear, but
broken it to the hope.'"
He thus speaks of the operation of the recon-
struction acts in North Carolina:
" They embrace the constitutional amendment as
a part of the policy of reconstruction; and to insure
its adoption, and to secure a loyal majority in the
States, two other conditions were annexed to the
terms of restoration. The right of suffrage, as well
as the right to hold office, was taken away from th&
governing class, and at the same time every negro
and person of African descent in the ten States-was
enfranchised. X confess I thought these hard condi-
tions. I he utter incapacity of the negroes to exer-
cise the elective franchise with discretion and for the
best good of the State was manifest. But it was be-
lieved that at least they would be true to themselves,
and that they would votefornone but avowed friends
to their rights. I never doubted them on this point,
even when the demagogues who now lead them on
to the destruction of whatever was venerable and
valuable in the institutions of the past were afraid
to trust them, and opposed their enfranchisement.
The trouble is that they will vote for any man who
makes a noisy demonstration of devotion to their
rights, without the slightest regard to his past pub-
lic career or to his private character; and the result
is, that they have placed the control of the State and
its affairs in the hands of men who rose to eminence
or notoriety as the champions of slavery and seces-
sion, or to wealth as dealers in slaves. I regret to
say, also, that they elccted quite .a number of their
own race to the late convention, and again to tho
Legislature, most of whom could not stand an exam-
ination before a Massachusetts committee empow-
ered to ascertain the educational qualification of
voters. Men have been elected as judges of the cir-
cuit court who obtained their licenses to practice
law within six months past. One of the "judges'' is
said never to havo been licensed as a lawyer; and
others, on account of character and qualifications,
would be regarded as presumptuous if they should
aspire to the offico of justice of the peace in a well
ordered and enlightened community. Still others,
of both races, have been elected to office, who have
been either convicted of or indicted for murder and
other infamous crimes. The number of felonious
aspirants for office, with their success and failure,
would form a curious statistical inquiry. The vin-
dictive partisan may exclaim that the rule of such
men will be good enough tor rebels. But tho states-
man, whose reputation for ali time will rest upon
the wisdom and success of his measures, must acton
more generous principles, if he would have his name
held in honor by future generations."
He quotes from Mr. Burke this sentence,
which this House would do well to consider:
" There is no qualification for Government but vir-
tue and wisdom, actual or presumptive. Wherever
they are actually found they have, in whatever
state, condition, profession, or trade, the passport of
heaven to human place and honor. Woo to the coun-
try which would madly and impiously reject the
service of the talents aud virtues, civil, military, or
religious, that are given to grace and to serve it; and
would condemn to obscurity everything formed to
diffuse luster and glory around a State. Woe to tho
country, too, that, passing into theopposite extreme,
considers a low education, a mean contracted view
of things, a sordid, mercenary occupation, as a pref-
erable title to command."
1 will make only one other quotation:
" But the new constitution of North Carolina guar-
anties equal civil and political equality to both races.
None arc disfranchised, except such as have been or
may be convicted of crimes. The injured people,
therefore, have a right to ask and to expect that tho
elections for State Legislature, State officials, and
members of Congress be set aside, on the ground that
they were not held in accordance with the national
and State constitutions, and are therefore null and
void. In the name of violated constitutions and out-
raged rights they demand that a new election be
ordered in which the whole body of qualified voters
shall be allowed to participate.
*' the poll-kejsfkks and registrars.
" I have thus far made no allusion to the charactcr
of the persons selected to hold the elections, nor to
the method of their appointment. You are aware
that the whole proceeding has been conducted under
military supervision; and that the choice of regis-
trars and poll-keepers was necessarily confined, under
the law, to the class of persons who can take the
"iron-clad" test-oath. There are few counties in
the whole South where such citizens of intelligence
and charactcr could bo found to perform these du-
ties. The consequence has boon that soldiers, tran-
siently doing duty here or recently discharged,
strangers who have come in since the war, and illit-
erate freedmen, have been called upon. They are
almost invariably of thedominunt, party and strongly
prejudiced against those who oppose the policy of
Congress, it would be a miracle if an election held
under such circumstances were fairly conducted.
The poll-keepers and registrars should be of tho
people, and each party should be represented at each
polling: place, in order to sccurc honesty and fairness*
It is impossible that strangers, if we suppose them to
be honest and intelligent, can know the people suffi-
ciently well to prevent fraudulent registration and
voting. It I am correct 111 these views, they go to
prove that the military regulation of elections should
be carried no further than is absolutely necessary;
and that the initial step of ratifying the constitution
being completed the intervention should cease as a
matter of public right and expediency, apart from
the considerations above stated, which^demonstrate
the unconstitutionality of State elections held by
order ox the General Government."
I have read this much to call the attention
of the House to a paper written by a man who
not only opposes the Democratic party, hut is
as true a Kepublican as my hian ia this Houao
