THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
guilty and accused President. It was an auda-
city the like of which, has no parallel in cen-
turies for him to come before the custodians
of the people's power and thus defy even their
written Constitution, its plainest text, and its
plainest letter.
Senators, I have thought upon this subject
carefully, considerately, conscientiously. I
have endeavored to find anywhere within the
text of the Constitution any colorable excuse
for this claim of power asserted by the Presi-
dent and dangerous to the liberties of the
people, and I can find, from beginning to end
of that great instrument, no letter or word
upon which even the astutest casuist could for
a moment fasten, save the words that " the
executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent."
That gives no colorable excuse for this as-
sumption. What writer upon your Constitu-
tion, what decision of your courts, what utter-
ances of all the great statesmen who have in
the past illustrated our history, have ever inti-
mated that this provision of the Constitution
was a grant of power? It is nothing more,
Senators, and no man and no human ingenuity
can torture this provision of the Constitution
into anything more than a mere designation
of the officer or person to whom shall be com-
mitted, under the Constitution and subject to
its limitations and subject to the further limit-
ations of the law enacted in pursuance of the
Constitution, the executive power of the Gov-
ernment. Adopt the construction that it is a
grant of power, and why not follow it to its
conclusions and see what comes of your Con-
stitution, and what comes of the rights of the
people, of their power to limit by a written
Constitution every department of the Govern-
ment? Is it not as plainly written in the Con-
stitution that "all legislative powers herein
granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
United States, which shall consist of a Senate
and House of Representatives?" Is anybody
to reason from tbat designation of the body to
whom the legislative power is assigned a grant
of power, and especially an indefinite authority,
to legislate upon such subjects as they please
without regard to the Constitution? Is it not
also just as plainly written in the Constitution
that "the judicial power of the United States
shall be vested in one Supreme Court and in
such inferior courts as the Congress may, from
time to time, ordain and establish" bylaw?
Is anybody thence to infer that this is an in-
definite grant o£ power authorizing the Supreme
Court or the inferior courts of the United States
to sit in judgment upon any and all conceiv-
able questions, and even to reverse by their de-
cisions the power of impeachment lodged ex-
clusively in the House of Representatives and
the judgment in impeachment authorized to
be pronounced exclusively and only by the
Senate of the United States?
It will never do for any man to say that this
provision of the Constitution is a grant of
power. It is simply the designation of the
officer to whom the executive power of the
Government shall be committed under the lim-
itations of the Constitution and the laws, as
''the Congress" is the designation of the
department to which shall be committed the
legislative power, and as "the courts" is the
designation of the department to which shall
be committed the judicial power ; and upon
this subject I refer, also, to what Mr. Webster
said touching the limitations of the executive
authority:
" It is perfectly plain and manifest, that, although
tho trainers of the Constitution meant to confer exec-
utive power on the President, yet they meant to define
and limit that power, and to confer no more than
they did thus define and limit. When they say it
shall be vested ill a President, they mean that one
magistrate, to be called a President, shall hold the
executive authority ; but they mean, further, that
he shall hold this authority according to tho grants
and limitations of the Constitution itself."—4 Web -
stpr'x Works, p. 186.
Does not the Constitution, Senators, define
and limit the executive power in this, that it
declares that the President shall have power to
grant reprieves and pardons, &c.; in this, that
it declares that the President shall have power
to appoint by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate foreign embassadors and other
public officers; in this, that it provides that he
shall have power to make treaties by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate ? And
does it not limit his power in this, that it de-
clares tlrat all legislative power shall be vested
in a Congress which shall consist of a Senate
and House of Representatives ; in this, that it
declares that the President shall take care that
the laws which the Congress enacts shall be
faithfully executed; in this, that it declares
that every bill which shall have passed the Con-
gress of the United States with or without his
consent shall be a law, to remain a law—and
that is the very point in controversy here be-
tween the President and the people—to be exe-
cuted as a law until the same shall have been
repealed by the power that made it or actually
reversed by the Supreme Court of the United
States in a case clearly within its jurisdiction
and within the limitations of the Constitution
itself?
It has been settled law in this country from a
very early period that the constitutionality of a
law shouldnotbequestionedmuch less adjudged
against the validity of the law. by a court clothed
by the Constitution with jurisdiction in the prem-
ises, unless upon a ease so clear as to scarcely
admit of a doubt; and what is the result, Sen-
ators? That there is not—I feel myself justi-
fied in saying it, without recently having very
carefully examined the question—one clear,
unequivocal decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States against the constitutionality
of any law whatever enacted by the Congress
of the United States—not one. There was no
such decision as that in the Dred Scott case.
Lawyers will understand, when I use the word
"decision," what I mean—the judgment pro-
nounced by the court upon the issue joined
upon the record. There was no such decision
in that case, nor in any other case, so far as I
can recollect. On this subject, however, I
may be excused for reading a decision or two
from our courts. In the case of Fletcher vs.
Peck, 6 Cranch, page 87, Marshall, delivering
the opinion, said:
" The question whether a law be void for its re-
pugnancy to the Constitution is, at all times, a ques-
tion of much delicacy, which ought se dom, if ever,
to be decided in the affirmative in a doubtful ease."'
And again:
" The opposition between tho Constitution and the
law should bo such that the judge feels a clear and
strong conviction of their incompatibility with each
other,"
In cxparte McCollum, 1 Cowen's Reports,
CGI, Chief Justice Savage says:
"Before the court will deem it their duty to de-
clare an net of the Legislature unconstitutional a
case must bo presented in which there call be no
rational doubt."
In Morris vs. The People, 3 Denio, 381, the
the court say:
" The presumption is always in favor of the valid-
ity of the law, if the contrary is not clearly demon-
strated."
I have read these, Senators, not that it was
really necessary to my argument, but to answer
the pretension of this President that he may
come here to set aside a law, and in order to
justify himself assume the prerogative to do it
in order that he may test its validity in the
courts of justice when the courts have never
ventured upon that dangerous experiment them-
selves, and, on the contrary, have thirty years
ago, as I showed to the Senate yesterday, sol-
emnly ruled, without a dissenting voice, that
the assumption of power claimed by the Presi-
dent would defeat justice itself and annihilate
the laws of the people. I have done it also to
fortify the text of your Constitution and to
make plain its significance, which declares that
every bill which shall have passed the Congress
with or without the President's approval, even
over his veto, shall be a law. The language
is plain and simple. It is a law until it is
annulled : in the wordsof Hamilton, as recorded
in the seventh volume of bis works, a law to
the President; a law to every department of
the Government, legislative, executive, and
judicial; a law to all the people. .
It is in vain the gentlemen say that it. is only
constitutional laws that bind. That is simply
begging the question. The presumption, as I
have shown you from the authorities, is that
every law is constitutional until by authority
it is declared otherwise, and the question here
is whether that authority is in Andrew John-
son. That is the whole question, whether that
authority is in Andrew Johnson. Your Con-
stitution says it shall be a law. It does not
mean that it shall remain a law after it shall
have been reconsidered by the law-making
power and repealed; it does not say that it
shall remain a law to the hurt and deprivation
of private right after it shall have been adjudged-
unconstitutional in the Supreme Court of the
United Stat.es under the limitations of the Con-
stitution and within their express jurisdiction;
but it does mean that until judgment be pro-
nounced authoritatively in your tribunals of
justice, or that power be exercised authori-
tatively by the people's Representatives in Con-
fress assembled, it shall be a law to the Presi-
ent, to every head of Department., as the court
ruled in the case from which 1 read yesterday
in 12 Peters, to every Representative in Con-
gress, to every Senator, and every human
being within the jurisdiction of your laws.
Why do the gentlemen make this distinction
at all that it is only laws passed in pursuance
of the Constitution that are to bind? Why
not follow their premises to their logical con-
clusions that the President of the United States,
as I took occasion to say yesterday, is by vir-
tue of the prerogatives of his office vested with
the power judicially to interpret the Constitu-
tion for himself and judicially to decide for
the time being for himself the validity of every
law, and therefore may, with impunity, set
aside every law upon your statute-book, in the
words of his advocate, for the reason that he
.has come to the deliberate conclusion that it
interferes with some power vested in him by
the people?
Senators, considering the operations of the
President's mind as manifested in his past offi-
cial conduct, God only knows to what absurd
conclusions he might arrive hereafter, if by
your judgment you recognize this unlimited
prerogative in him, when he comes to sit in
judicial judgment upon all the laws upon the
statute-book. He might come to the conclu-
sion that tliey all interfered with and cut off
some power confided to him by the Constitu-
tion!
The position conflicts with every principle
of law and every principle of common sense.
If this discretionary power is in the President
no man can lay his hand upon him. That was
exactly the ruling of his Honor the Chief Jus-
tice, in the Mississippi case, touching the exer-
cise of certain discretionary power vested in
the President by the reconstruction act. His
judgment concludes everybody; the courts
cannot review his decisions, and unless you
charge him with corruption there is an end of
all inquiry. It was settled more than fifty
years ago in the case to which I referred yes-
terday from memory, reported in 12 Wheaton,
and has never been challenged from that day
to this. I deny any such discretion in the
Executive, because it is a discretion incom-
patible with the public liberties, because it is a
discretion in direct conflict with the express
letter of the Constitution, because it is a dis-
cretion which vests him with more than kingly
preiogative, because it is a discretion which
puts the servant above his master, because it
is a discretion which clothes the creature with
power superior to the power of its creator.
The American people will tolerate no such
discretion in the Executive, by whomsoever
sanctioned or by whomsoever advocated.
When that day comes that the American peo-
ple will tamely submit to this assumption of
authority that their President is above their
Constitution and above their laws, and may
defy either or both at his pleasure with im-
punity, they will have proved themselves unfit
