2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
May 13,
can pretend to be, setting forth all these facts
and calling upon the House to come to the
relief of the people of North Carolina and reject
the men who have thus been foisted into office.
It* you will frame a constitution for them—as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
YBsrsj by his amendment in one particular pro-
poses to, do—frame a constitution yourselves
u nder which they can live, and treat them sis
civilized men, and do not surrender them over
to a horde of adventurers and barbarians who
are wholly unfit to exercise any political rights.
Now, sir, nothing is more pregnant of the
fact that you know that these meu under whom
yon have put the South are not fit to exercise
political rights and privileges than the fact that
there are two bills before this House, one of
which was passed the other day removing dis-
abilities from five hundred and sixty rebels in
North Carolina whom you had to pardon in
order to fill the offices in the State. You had
not men enough—intelligent men, men who can
iTad and write—to put the machinery in motion
until you passed a bill pardoning five hundred
and sixty rebels who have been elected to office
by your political friends because they could not
do without them. And there is another bill
printed and on your tables proposing to pardon
five hundred and forty-one rebels in the State
of Georgia, which you must pass before the
machinery of the State government can be put
in motion there, because there are not intelli-
gent men enough there who are capable of
filling the offices who are not under these
disabilities.
Mr. BROOKS. Does not my colleague
make a mistake in saying that there were five
hundred and sixty names in the bill which we
passed? Why, it was announced on apparent
authority on the floor of the House that there
were only two hundred.
Mr. BECK. There are the names of five
hundred and sixty men included in that bill
which we passed the other day. I have counted
Ihein.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. When I was asked
how many names there were in the bill I said
I thought two hundred, more or less. I did
not state the exact number.
Mi-. BECK. I know that I am correct, for
I have counted them myself. And, independ-
ent of that, this additional fact stands out: that
General Schofield, in his address to the Vir-
giniaconvention, and General Meade and Gen-
eral Canby have all declared that if yon adhere
fo the test-oath and require men to swear that
they will for all time maintain the political
equality of the races, the governments cannot
be carried on in any of these southern States,
and that your whole plan is a failure. The
outrage is so great that these commanders
themselves, placed there for the very purpose
of carrying out these measures, have to appeal
to the rulers here to remove disabilities from
these men. Little wonder the intelligent
Legislature of Ohio instructed their Senators
and Representatives to take the back track on
all these measures.
In the few minutes I have remaining I desire
to say that while in accordance with the re-
quirements of the reconstruction acts the pro-
posed constitutions all fasten universal, unlim-
ited, and perpetual negro suffrage on that
people, I submit to members whether they can
now, as faithful Representatives of the popular
will, with any sort of propriety, force negro
suffrage on the people of the South as a con-
dition-precedent to their restoration to civil
and political rights after they have received
such emphatic instructions from theirown con-
stituents everywhere that it is abhorrent to all
their ideas of American civilization. In March;
1867, it was, perhaps, uncertain "whether the
American people, or at least the Republican
portion of them, represented by an unprece-
dented majority in these Halls, did not desire, or
would at least consent, to establish universal'
suffrage, regardless of race, color, or previous
condition, and Congress determined to make
the experiment, irc^osing it by power and force
®n the southern States under the specious pre-
text of its necessity to insure and perpetuate
loyalty there, though they knew that it was not
only repugnant and abhorrent to the whole
white population, but was, because of the great
number of blacks, actually putting the whole
machinery of the Government into the hands
of a body of men as unfit to exercise political
powers as so many horses or mules would be.
Congress then knew that even if the black
race was by nature the equals of the white,
their ignorance, their past condition of slavery,
which had utterly deprived them of all means
or desire for obtaining knowledge of any sort,
especially all knowledge of self-government
or the government of others, rendered them
wholly unfit to be the depositories of political
power; and so knowing, they placed their
Freed men'8 Bureaus, their military satraps,
and all the machinery of party over them and
the whites alike, making the poor, degraded,
and ignorant negro, under the pretense of ex-
ercising his newly-acquired rights, the mere
agent and "tool to carry out their will and
purposes. The men they send to these Halls
will be in no proper sense either their repre-
sentatives or the representatives of the Slates
from whence they come, but the mere puppets
of Congress, looking to it, and to it alone, for
a continuance of their powers, and therefore
subservient followers of the dominant majority,
to whom they are indebted for all they are and
all they hope to be.
All this, of course, was in a mere party sense
considered an element of power, and it was
doubtless thought, and not without a show of
reason, that the Republican party in the coun-
try would adopt and indorse the action of Con-
gress and carry out the principles in the northern
States wherever the party was in the majority.
The question was therefore made in many of
the northern States. Ohio was considered Re-
publican to the core ; Kansas, Minnesota, and
Michigan were unquestionably so. The number
of negroes in each was so small that there could
be no possibility of danger that they would ever
control the party. Many of the negroes there
had been born free. They had had all the ad-
vantages of education and association among a
people who sympathized with and endeavored to
elevate them. Every man thus made a voter
would, they knew, certainly vote for and sustain
the Republican party and its candidates. The
strength thus acquired might, in closely con-
tested elections, turn the scales and secure the
offices. Yet, with all these inducements, each
and all of these Republican States, by major-
ities not to be misunderstood, rejected the
proposed amendments to their constitutions,
rejected negro suffrage, spurned the proffered
accession to their ranks, and preferred to
suffer defeat and the overthrow of all mere
measures of party policy on which their organ-
ization depended by their Democratic oppo-
nents rather than recognize the right of the
negro race to take part in the political affairs
of the country. They have declared in thunder
tones that this is a white man's Government,
was so from the beginning, and that the white
people of the country, disregarding all other
differences, are determined that it shall con-
tinue so through all time. All the animosities
engendered in the terrible war through which
wc have passed, and which have been fostered
and kept alive by the Radical party for parti-
san purposes, arc discarded and spurned by the
people when the negro is sought to be put on
a level with the white man, and so it will al-
ways be whenever and wherever men are free
and determined to remain so. I am almost,
ashamed to quote authority on such a proposi-
tion, but the great debate between Judge
Douglas and Mr. Lincoln brought out their
views so sharply on this question that I will
quote them:
"Judge Douglas. I hold that this Government
was made on the white basis, by white men, for the
benefit of white men and their posterity forever
and should be administered by white men.' and none
others. I do not beiievc that the Almighty made
the negro capable of self-government.
"Mr. Lincolx, in reply. I am not, nor over have
been, in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes
nor of qiualifying them to hold office, nor intermar-
rying thsm with white people, and I will say, in addi-
tion to this, that there is a physical difference between
the white and black race which, I believe, will for-
ever forbid the two races living together on tcrmsof
social and political equality; and inasmuch as they
cannot so live, while they do remain together there
must be a position of superior and inferior, and I, as
much as any other man, am in favor of having the
superior position assigned to the white race."
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. I have no time.
Mr. HIGBY. Only a question.
Mr. BECK. If I had time I would do so;
but I really have not the time. If I am allowed
five minutes more after my time is out I will
answer the question.
Mr. HIGBY. I wanted to ask the gentleman
what'he would do with the negro.
Mr. BECK. I will tell the gentleman what
I would do with the negro. I would protect him
as a free man, as I would protect our women
and children, or any other person who had not
the capacity for exercising political rights. I
would hold the negro unfit for political rights,'
as we do the Indian and the Chinaman, for a
great variety of reasons. His whole race has
shown itself in all time unfit for self-govern-
ment. The Caucasian race alone has devel-
oped that power, and that only under favorable
circumstances, by the growth of centuries and
by education up to a point which we think we
have reached. Many of the races even upon
the continent of Europe and Asia are yet unfit
for self-government. And to say that the negro,
inferior in all time past, shall be taken from
the rice, cotton, and sugar plantations of the
South in absolute ignorance, degraded, as the
Republicans always claimed, to the level of the
mule he drove—to take him from that condi-
tion and place him above his former master,
degrade, debase, and disfranchise the white
man, tind put above him a man who has not an
idea what to do except to follow the bidding
of the demagogue who seeks to use him—to do
that is an outrage upon the white race to which
we belong, and one which the people of this
country never will permit.
I would protect the negro in all his rights,
but I would hold him unfit to exercise political
rights. I will go as far to protect him in his
civil rights as any gentleman from New Eng-
land will go. And the men of my State, aa
much as they have been slandered upon that
subject, will and do go as far in protecting and
defending him as any set of men in America.
If gentlemen will go there now they will see
the negro as happy and better protected and
better cared for than in any other State. North
or South, in spite of all the efforts of dema-
gogues to make it otherwise.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. BECK. I cannot yield further. When
Michigan, Minnesota, Kansas, and Ohio re-
fused to give the negroes any political rights,
how can gentlemen representing those States
now seek to fasten that policy upon the people
of the South ?
Having'made the experiment under the most
auspicious circumstances and fairly tested it in
the free States—I mean in the States where
men were free to act and to decide—and your
own people having everywhere discarded your
attempt to establish negro suffrage, with ail
the inducements and temptationsyou could hold
out to them, it does seem to me that as faith-
ful Representatives of the people, whose will
you know and whose instructions vou have
received, after a full and fair submission of the
question to them by yourselves, you have no
right to place the white men of the South under
the domination of the negro, no right to use
the coerced and ignorant negro vote in tho
South to neutralize the free, intelligent vote
of the northern and western States, for this
is really not a vote, but an indirect and efficient
mode of stuffing the ballot-boxes oi the North,
as flagrant, when faiily looked at. as burning
up all the ballot-boxes in the States of New
1 ork, Pennsylvania, and Indiana would be.
-these three great States having about the
same electoral votes aa the five military dis
