42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
December 5,
the precedent ma le by our own Government
du.ms the ttarui thocusooi t'ue teu-toi
1 hat is tho act to which 1 have just referred.
" Wo have acknowledge 1 this principle by paj ini,
du-:.o.£ the darko-t il.os ot toe w.ir, io com a poiti..ii
ol 'ho loan th.it toll duo. and are a'lou' to o iv in J ;>i-
uary next, in com, a Lir rer bo.n. 11 'h o: tin .-o ' vrs
w ei e oreaied twenty > e irs*o 1 ' .''to ul i'\it-
in.; them tlure is ii"t coiK.une I a uord about thi^r
being speci illy p.ml in eooi. Who? 1'ivui-e ot the
pi moiple above stated, which, until the recent raids
ot gentlemen whbui 1 will not name, lias never been
nae-timied.
"It was the recognition of this great principle that
cau-ed me to advertise all the loans that we sold du-
ruigthewaras bonds' payable, principal and interest,
in eom. Ln this 1 was sustained by frequent letters
lroui the Secretaries ot the Treasury, Mes.-rs. Chase.
1'rsst. N Dks, and McCulloch. You will doubtless
recollect that during the daikest days of the war,
when 1 w;i> striving to raise funds tor the payment
ot" our armies und the supplier needed by the sale
ot the tive-iweuty loan—that at tms critical period
Mr. deliberately arose in his seat and intio-
dueod a bill providing for the payment ot our debt,
principal and interest, m cunenej, -As lie was the
el, i.iiuan ot the Comiiiittee<>n Wins and Mean? and
tiu- recognized umuthi ieoe ot the Xrea.-uiy Depart-
ment the ie-il!t ot the introdiietiou ot this lull was
i t ,lie moment deplorable. Ihenews licw like wild-
t re, -alts ot the loan was suspended, and many threw
t icir bonds upon the mallei: and aiiii nifii tlie
ino.e-'t was at once disavowed bythe>ecretai> ot t!,e
Tn'.isury, and by Congress also, yet tlie iuimIiu'I'iviis
done. I, as the agent ot the Government, was put
to an enormous additional expen-e, and weeks of
delay occurred iu the pa> uieiit ot vuiieuers and lor
ti.e services ot tne Aimy."
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire the
author of the letter, if the Senator feels at lib-
em to g.ve his name.
>lr. liDMl'XDS. The author of the letter
is Mr. .lay Cooke, who was the Government
agent in the sale of the bonds. The panic
that I have described, the trouble into which
we got on account of the agitation of this ques-
tion over the ten-forty act of 1S03, was followed
by the action of the executive branch of the
Government upon the subject—the agents of
the Treasury, the Secretaries of the Treasury,
and every other person connected with the
Government in the disposition of the five-
twenties. After this ten-forty act of 1803 was
passed, it being impossible to raise much money
under it, for very few millions were taken at
first, it was necessary to do something to have
the five-twenties of 1802 taken, which were
then the only available means (besides these
ten-forties of 1863, which would not go very
fast.j to meet our necessities and pay the
Army. What was done ? The Treasury De-
partment issued letter after letter, the agents
of the Government issued advertisement alter
advertisement, calling the attention of the peo-
ple to the fact that the live-twenty loan was
payable in coin, principal as well as interest.
On the 20th of May, lbb3, Mr. Harrington, the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, wrote a
letter, which I will read, and you will notice
that this followed the passage of the act of
March 3, 1803, the ten-forty act, which con-
taiued the provision for payment in coin :
Treasury Dfpartjient, May 26, 1803.
* * * * Thefive-tn enty bixes being payable
twenty yearJ from date, i housti redeemable after five
years, are considered as belonging to the peimanent
loan, and so are also the twenty -yi ar sixes, 'lHslj into
which tne three-year seven-tnirties are convertible.
The-" bonds will therefore be paid in gold.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE IIAUPJNV.TON,
A*'\*Unit Secretary of ike Treasury.
SiMt'fx II. WaI-LEY, Es.|.,
f'r> «i<.l>'at llevere Hank, Bolton.
The letter contains another clause on the
snbject of the seven-thirty temporary notes,
which it is not necessary to read in this con-
nection. On the loth of February, 1864, the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Field,
wrote as follows:
Treasury Department, February 15,1864.
Gesti.emfn: Your letter of the 12th instant, rela-
tive to the funds in which the five-twenty bonds will
bi redeemed, has been received.
I am directed by the Secretary to say that it is the
purpose of the Government to pay said bonds, like
other bondsol the United Stated, in coin,at maturity.
Very respectfully, M. li. FIELD,
A Hxistant. Secretary of the Treasury.
Messrs. Barclay & Livingston, New York.
•lay Cooke & Co., the authorized agents ,of
the Government in the sale of these bonds, in
their advertisement, say:
"This is a six per cent. loan, the interest and prin-
cipal being payable in coin, thus yielding about eight I
pel cent, pinumuui at tlie present premium on gold,
it is called li\ e-twentj lroui this fact: th.it whiletlie
bonds ni" v : uu t-.r twenty yen is, \ 11 the Go\ eminent
h..s the right to pay thciu oil m gold at par ut any
time after li\ e > ears.''
Spencer Vila & Co., authorized Government
agents in Boston, say in their advertisement:
" When the Government redeem! these bonds they
must be paid in gold."
Brewster, Sweet & Co., also authorized
Government agents, urge the public—
" to invest in this popular loan, where principal and
inteiest are pa>able in gold."
And other agents to the same purport.
On the 18th of May, 1804, Secretary Chase
wrote the following letter, and it was when the
act of June 110. 1^04, which did not contain
the word "coin,-' was under consideration,
and it was made use of in the House of Repre-
sentatives by Mr. Hoopfr. from the Committee
of Ways and Means, upon that very point, to
show to the House that it was unnecessary to
insert in the act of June 30, 1804, the word
" coin:'1
Treiscry Department, .V<u/1S, 1S64.
Sir: Your letter of the loth instant, making in-
quires in regard to the kiud ol cuneney with which
the live twenty years six percent, bonds and the
three years seven-thirty per cent, notes are to be
redeemed, has been received.
It has been the constant usage of the Department
to redeem all coupon and registered bonds, forming
part of the funded or permanent debt of the United
Stales, in coin, and this usage has not been deviated
lroin during my administration of its affairs.
All the Treasury notes and other obligations form-
ing pni t ot the temporary loan :ti e payable, and will
be redeemed, in lnwlnl money, that is in United
States notes, until after the resuinpl ion of specie pay-
ment, when they also will doubtless be redeemed in
coin or equivalent notes.
The five-twenty sixes, pay able twenty years from
date, though redeemable after five years, are con-
sidered as belonging to theiunded or permanent debt,
and so a No are the twenty yeais sixes, into which the
three yea is seven-thirty notes are convertible. These
bonds, therefore, according to tlie usage of the Gov-
ernment, are payable in coin.
The three years seven-thirty Trea«ury notes arc
Cart of the temporary loan, and will be paid in
lilted States notes, unless holders prefer conversion
to payment.
\ ery respectfully, S. P. CIIASE, Secretary.
In the special Treasury advertisement in
May. ISOt. of the ten-forty bonds, those that
under the terms of the act authorizing them
were payable in coin, there is this said, speak-
ing of the whole class of funded debt, includ-
ing the five-twenties:
"It is believed that no securities offer so great
inducements to lenders as the various descriptions
of United .states bonds. In all other ioiinsol indebt-
edness the l'aitb or ability of private parties or stock
companies or separato communities onjy is pledged
for payment,while for thedebtsot the United States
the whole property of the country is iiohlen to secure
the pay ment of both principal and interest in coin."
No exception is made against the five-twenty
bonds of 1S02, or against the live-twenties that
were then about to be issued under the act of
1S01.
The next Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Fessendev. in his report to Congress in De-
cember, 1804, says:
" Though forced to resort to the issue of paper for
the time, the idea of a specie basis was not lost sight
of, as the payment of inteiest on long loans in coin
was amnly secured. And though in several of the
acts authorizing the issue ot bonds at long: periods
payment of tne principal at maturity in coin is not
specifically piovided, the omission, it is believed, was
accidental, as there could have been no intention to
make a distinction between the difforent classes of
securities in this regard."
In November, 1800, Mr. Secretary McCul-
loch writes as follows:
Treasury Department, November 15,1866.
Gentlemen: Your favor of the 13th instant is re-
ceived. I regard, as did also my predecessors, all
bonds of the United States as payable in coin. The
bonds which have matured since the suspension of
specie payments have been so paid, and I have no
doubt that the same will be trucwith all others. This
being, as I understand it to be, the established policy
of the Government, tbo five-twenty bonds ot 1862 will
■ either be called in at the expiration of five years from
their date and paid in coin, or be permitted to tun
until the Government is prepared to pay them in
, coin.
I am, very truly, yours,
j 11. MCCULLOCH, Secretary.
; Thus it will be seen, Mr. President, that
following the panic created by the discussion
1 over the act of Maroh .1. 1803. and which forced i
us, as a matter of precaution, to insert the word
"coin,'' (which was wholly unnecessary to
carry that legal effect, as 1 think 1 demon-
strated yesterday,) the Treasury Department
and the financial officers of the Government,
who were being urged by the people and by
the cries of the Army to furnish the material
of warfare, again appealed to the people to
restore the confidence which had been lost by
that panic to invest in the live-twenties, the
only available security we had ; and they did
so on the faith of these public representations
put forth to the country.
At these times, Mr. President, had the dis-
tinguished citizens of Massachusetts and Penn-
sylvania and Ohio, who are now foremost in
trjmg to convince the people that these obli-
gations are not due in real money, united in
such an appeal to the public as they now do,
can they themselves believe that our soldiers,
whose interests they are now so careful of,
would have been fed, clothed, and supplied as
they were from the proceeds of these very
bonds ? 1 Can hardly suppose that they would.
I think that those who are now foremost in
pressing this new idea upon the country would
have been the last in those days of distress to
tolerate its being pressed upon the country by
anybody, because we needed the money. 1 do
not at all impugn the motives of gentlemen who
are desirous ot having the Government adopt
this view. They are honorable men. They
have, however, 1 think, done a great wrong to
the country.
"They, that have done this deed, are honorable;
What private Uriel's they have, alas, I know not,
lh.it made them do it; tliey are wise and honorable.
And will, no doubt, with reasons answer 3'ou."
But that they have inflicted a blow upon the
faith the people have in the credit of the Gov-
ernment and in the honor of the representa«
fives of the people and of the Administration
there cannot be any doubt.
It being plain, therefore, that by the fair legal
construction, as well as by the contemporaneous
const! uction ot these statutes, these bonds are
not payable in other securities of the United
States, but are payable in general in what is
known over all the world as money, let us
consider the effect that the payment of these
bonds in money or the acknowledgment of our
-obligation to pay them in money would have
upon the prosperity of the country, and inquire
whether there is any injustice to the poor man
! or any inequality in the burdens that, he bears,
as related to those of the rich man, in resorting
to such a course.
All men alike, both rieli and poor, are equally
i interested in the prosperity of the whole mass
of society, and neither can be long prosperous
unless the other arealso. ltisas necessary to
j; the one as to the other that the medium of
j' their exchanges, capital for labor, or product
for product, should be steady, constant, and of
' equal value to each. There can be possibly
1 no antagonism of real interestshetween the two.
j It is the highest interest of each that a dollar
•' should be a dollar in reality as well as in name;
and, as is now well known, nothing but gold or
silver is recognized among mankind as that uni-
versal representative and equivalentwhich pos-
, sesses the highest intrinsic value itself, as well
, as measures and represents all other values,
j' The philosophy and experience of civilization
, have demonstrated this absolutely, and the idea
!: that is now broached in some quarters of put-
! ting forth an unlimited amount of paper prom-
jj ises to pay, in some form or other not immedi-
; ateiy convertible into gold and silver, has,
J although 'it has been sometimes advanced by
[ i visionaries, been long since exploded.
:j Happily for the advancing good sense of
!| mankind, notions of this sort nave not been
much advanced for nearly two hundred years;
but any one who has the curiosity to study
the history of finance will be amused, if not
enlightened, by recurring to the famous John
Law schemes toward the close of the seven-
teenth century, when schemes of this kind were
put forth with such apparent zeal and seri-
ousness as to have for a time deluded not onlj 
