3474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
shall be paid for by any disbursing officer, and if paid
shall not be allowed by any accounting officer, unless
publishes! in pursuance of law.
That, in effect, repeals the enacting part of
the tenth section of the act of March 2, 1867,
out of which this difficulty grows. It refers to
the same selection of newspapers, and confines
it to these advertisements in the District of Co-
lumbia that the law requires to be published
li.-ie. I feel quite sure that it will cover the
wliol© cass.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only modification I
want to make is in the last clause. 1 would
change the words "in pursuance of law" to
" iu pursuance of this act," because the power
to publish advertisements in the Intelligencer
and other newspapers is claimed under various
old laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the slightest
objection to that modification. I would have
put it in that form, but I thought the language
I proposed was more acceptable to the Sen-
ator. It is mnch better, I think, to say "under
this act," and I so modify my amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted, and the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I propose an
amendment on page 36, an amendment which
1 am directed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs to move : in the eight hundred and sev-
entieth line, after the word '■ dollars," I move
to insert '"of solicitor and naval judge advocate
general, $3,500." The object of this amend-
ment is merely to continue that office. By ail
act of 2d of March, 1805, the office of solicitor
and naval judge advocate was created '' to con-
tinue during the rebellion and for one year
thereafter," and it has been continued every
year by means of the appropriation, and unless
i hisappropiiation is made that office will expire.
This is lor no increase of salary, but merely to
continue the same office in existence. The
Committee on Naval Affairs ol the House of
Representatives were unanimous in their recom-
mendation of the passage of a bill making the
office permanent. The Committee on Naval
Affairs of the Senate recommend that it be con-
tinued for this year with unanimity. The Sec-
rotary of the Navy recommends that it be con-
tinued. I have his letter here. I have also a
loiter in my possession from General Grant;
he considers the oilico of importance, and that
it ought to be continued. This officer has to
examine the returns of about a thousand
c;ises from naval courts of inquiry and courts-
martial every year. He has to examine con-
tracts and claims. He is a gentleman of ability,
excellent character, familiar with the business ;
and the Secretary of the Navy states that
instead of this office being an increase of the
expenses of the Government it will cost much
more to have the business attended to by per-
sons who are not paid by a salary than if this
office ia continued. The probability is that by
another year, under a new organization of the
Attorney General's department, some arrange-
ment will be made by which this office can be
dispensed with or come uuder the charge of
that Department in some way ; but I thmk it
very clear that it ought to be continued for
this year, and such is the opinion of the Naval
Committees ol the House of Representatives
and of the Senate and of the Secretary of the
Navy and of the General, and the facts clearly
show that it ought to be so.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to put, my notice
in form: after the word "Treasury," in the
section inserted on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio. I propose to insert the words
" Commissioner of the General Land Office."
I ask that that be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done by unanimous consent. No objection
being-made the proposed amendment will be
so referred. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
Senator from New Jersey whether he moves
this by instructions from the Committee on
Naval Affairs?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir; I
offer it by the unanimous recommendation of
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the Sena-
tor is in possession of all the facts, I suppose.
This office was created during the war, to con-
tinue for two years after the war, I think, and
that was the reason he was not appropriated
for in the House of Representatives, and the
reason ho was not appropriated for by the Sen-
ate Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if this amendment has been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We had notice
that an amendment would be moved to this
effect.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What does the rule
amount to that has been adopted here requir-
ing these matters to be considered by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations if it suffices for a
Senator to stand up in his place and say that he
intends to do a certain thing at a certain time?
I had supposed that the rule would operate to
give us the benefit of the judgment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, superadded to the
judgment of the committee by whom the
amendment was proposed. I only speak for
the sake of ascertaining what the rule is to be.
If nothing is to be done except simply to give
notice that such an amendment will be moved,
I do not think the Committee on Appropria-
tions have any opportunity afforded them to
pass on the merits of the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The rule re-
quires, as L understand it, that no motion shall
be in order to amend an appropriation bill
unless that subject-matter has one day before
been referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, to give them an opportunity to see the
relation it has to the general bill. That is the
object I suppose. Sometimes it appears that
an appropriation has been omitted from the
appropriation bill which is provided for by
law; and in such a case, if notice is given to
the Committee on Appropriations of the pro-
posed amendment, we examine it, and if we
find that the law authorizes that appropriation
we make it in conformity with the proposition ;
but if we find, as in this case, that it provides
for a new service, or for the continuance of an
old service, whether that service is necessary
or not, which question belongs to some par-
ticular committee, as in this case the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, we leave them to exam-
ine it, and wo do not examine it because it
belongs to them. And hence they present it,
as the Senator from New Jersey from that
committee has presented this case here to-
day. 'The Committee on Appropriations felt
that their duty was performed in this case
when they had examined the proposed amend-
ment in committee and found there was no
law for it, or, in other words, found that the
law justifying this appropriation had expired,
and so we contented ourselves with leaving
it in the hands of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not vote for this
amendment, because I do not think this office
ought to be longer continued. It was created
in March, 1865, just before the war had closed;
when the number of ships in the Navy of the
United States had reached nearly six hundred
or thereabouts. There was some reason then
perhaps for an office of this kind, and some
reason for the continuance of the office while
the surplus ships of the Navy were being sold,
which work is now all done; but I cannot
understand why the office is necessary now.
i suppose, of course, the committee believe
there is sufficient necessity for it, or else they
would not have recommended it; but I have
not heard reasons given sufficient for the main-
tenance of an attorney in that office longer. As
for the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Navy or that head, I do not know whether I
would give much for it or not. I do not know
how far it would go with other Senators.
1 suppose that the Secretary of the Navy has
sufficient knowledge of law himself to do all the
legal business of the Department that remains
now to be done. I am replied to by a Senai or
behind me that "he has not any." I incline
to that opinion myself, and I kept that in view
when I said that he had a sufficient knowledge
of law for all the legal purpose necessary to
the Department. It seems that we are asked
to continue this office for a year longer just
because we have had it for three years. Tfiat
is not a good reason. I think we can just as
well dispense with this attorney as continue
him at a salary. I am not sure that we could
not dispense with the head of the Department.
I think we could. I remember an occasion
when President Lincoln lived, and I failed to
be able to get the attention of the head of this
Department to important business, I went to
see the President on the subject. I seriously
stated our case, and he replied to me that there
was a real live man in that Department, and
asked me if I knew Fox. I told him no, I did
not, and it ended by his giving me a note to
Pox. I never had any trouble in doing busi-
ness at the Navy Department while Mr. Fox;
was there. He was better than all the nominal
heads of Department in creation, and all the
attorneys, such as they employ, thrown in. I
incline to think that we can do without one
attorney there.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the Senator from California says that he does
not know what necessity there is for continuing
this office. It is not to be expected that every
Senator will know all the details of the busi-
ness of the various committees; and I supposed
the very object of having committees was that
they might examine as to the necessity of these
questions and supply that want of information
which individual Senators necessarily are sub-
jected to. I stated in the hearing of the Sen-
ator from California that the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the House were unanimously
in favor of a lawto make the office permanent;
that the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate were unanimous in recommending that
this office he continued this year; that the Sec-
retary of the Navy was of the same opinion,
and thought it would be a saving of a good deal
of money to the Government to have it con-
tinued rather than to employ counsel for par-
ticular cases ; that the General of the Army,
being somewhat conversant with the affairs of
the Navy as well as of the Army, was of the
same opinion. Secretary Stanton is of the
same opinion. This amount of authority ought
to have some influence in forming the judgment
of the Senate; but if authority is not enough,
I also stated that there were a thousand cases
in a year coming up from naval courts of
irquiry and courts-martial which were exam-
ined by this solicitor ; that questions of prize
were examined by him; that questions of
claims and contracts passed under his exam-
ination ; and that his time was consequently
fully occupied and well occupied in the interest
of the Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
who made the examination into these contracts
and claims before this office was created prior
to the year 1865 ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose the
Senator is as well informed on that subject as
I am. I do not suppose that prior to 18G5
there was one contract made where there are
twenty made now; and perhaps it may have
been by comparing the expense of this ofiice
with the expense which the Department was
put to prior to 1865 that the Secretary of the
Navy is enabled to certify here that the ex-
penses are lessened by having a salaried officer
rather than employing counsel in given cases.
1 trust that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER, Mr. President, I can reply
