1868.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
Van Horn, Van Wyok, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Windom—52,
So, two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative, tlie rules were not suspended.
IMPEACHMENT OF THIS PRESIDENT.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to submit the following:
Resolved, That the committee appointed to prepare
and report articles ot impeachment against Andrew
Joiinsun, President of .the United States, have leave
to sit during thesessions of the House,
/iesotved further, That the Committee on Recon-
struction be authorized to sit during the sessions of
the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it not customary to
take a recess during ;fhe progress of the im-
peachment?
The SPEAKER. That is anticipating a
point which may arise hereafter. In the cele-
brated case of Judge Peck, which the gentle-
man will find referred to in the Digest, the
House did go over us a Committee of the \Vhole
during the pendency of the impeachment until
the prolongation of the evidence induced them
to rescind the order. That, however, is foi the
future action of the House.
There was no objection to the reception of
the resolutions.
Mr. BOUfWELL demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the atfirinative—yeas 105, nays 36, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos it. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Bcatty,
Benton, Bingham, Biair, Boutwell, Bioinwell,
Broomall, Buckhind, Butler, (Jake, Gary, Otiurchilt,
Sidney Ciarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
louu, Dawes, Dodge, Brings, Eggleston, Eiiot, Per-
riss, Ferry, Jb'ields, Gravely, Uriswold, tialscy, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Iligby, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Iugerboil, Jeuckes, Judd, Kclley,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Mallory, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Moore, Moor-
head, Mullins, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, lJaiue, Perliam,
Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Price, llama, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scotield, Sclye, Shanks, Smith,
Starkweather, Aaron 1?. Stevens, Stewait, Stokes,
Taile, Taylor, Thomas, Trow bridge, Twiehcll, Up-
son, Vail Aernarn, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwaia-
der C. Washburn, Euhu B. Wasliburne, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James P.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and
W oodbi idge—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Biooks, Burr, Ohanler, Eldridge, Pox,
Get 7., (ilossbrenner, (iolladay, Grovor, Haight, liol-
man, llotchkiss, Humphrey, Kerr, Knott, McUor-
mick, Morgan, Mnngen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn,
llandall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Tabcr, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and Wood-
ward—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Banks,
Barnes, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Header W.
Clarke, Coburn, Dixon, Donnelly, Ectiley, Ela,
Farnsworih, Piiino>, Gaifield, Asahel W. Habbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, ILchard D. Hubbaid, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kitchen, Lougliridge, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Majnaid, McOuilongh, Miller, Mor-
rcll, Moriissoy, Newcomb, Nunn, Poters, Phelps,
Plants, Pomeroy. Kobinson. Shellabarger, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, John Tiimble, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Henry D. Waahburn, Wil-
liam Williams, and Windom—48.
So the resolutions were agreed go.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved that the motion tomeconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order for evening session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to order an evening session
for debate only on the President's message,
this evening at seven o'clock.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
import duties on seeds, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agieed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was a communication from the Commissioner
of Agriculture, transmitting a memorial of the
Tennessee Horticultural Society, for the re-
moval of import duties on agricultural seeds,
&c., and approving the same; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
tjn10n pacific iiaimioad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in response to a resolution of the
House of the 4th instant, relative to the Union
Pacific railroad having complied with section
twenty of the act of July 1, 18G2.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Wis-
consin, the communication was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
railroads in michigan and wisconsin.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to joint reso-
lution of the House No. 91, concerning certain
lands granted to railroad companies in the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
apply only to tiic chartered and projected line of
r.nlway ironi the city ot Fond du Lac, in the State
of Wisconsin, northeily to liscanaba, in the State of
Michigan; and the chartered and projected line of
railway from Murquetto, in the State of Michigan,
westuardly to Ontonagon, in the samo State.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendment, and on that I demand
thtf previous question.
Mr. DR1GGS. Mr. Speaker, I see that this
amendment extends the grant to another road.
We did not want to extend it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
it will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DR1GGS. I hope so, too.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. i)RIGGS. I move to refer the amend-
ment to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was referred ; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
islands in great miami river.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 223) in relation to islands in the
Great Miami river.
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That in the ease of such islands in the great Miami
river, in th ■ State ol Ohio, as are undisposed of, or
any vacant public lands adjacent thereto, which are
in the actual and exclusive occupancy of any persons
who have made improvements thereof or of their
heirs or assigns, such occupants thereof shall have
the preference right to enter the same at $2 50 per
acre, on making proof of the facts to the satisfaction
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
paying for the land within twelve months trom the
passage of this act, and patents shall issue for the
tracts so entered, as usual in entries of public lands,
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the House will con-
cur in that amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tlie amendment was
concurred inand also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new orleans, etc., railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (H. R. No. 2yo) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company as hereafter constructed a post route,
and for other purposes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call the previous
question on the amendments. I believe there
is nothing in them but what makes the bill
better for the Government.
The amendments of the Senate were read;
as follows:
First amendment:
Page^, line three, after the word "reasonable"
insert "and necessary."
Second amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Tbat the right to
alter or amend this act so as to prevent, or remove all
material obstructions to tho navigation of said rivers,
growing out of the construction of said bridges, is
hereby expressly reserved.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the votes by which the amendments were con-
curred in ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mail matter.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendments of the Senate to the joint reso-
lution of the House No. 104, authorizing the
transmission through the mails, free of postage,
of certain certificates by the adjutant general
of New Hampshire.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question on concurring in the amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the adjutant generals of the several States
and Territories be authorized to transmit through
tho mails, free of postage, any medals, ceitificates of
thanks, or other testimonials awarded, or which may
be awarded, by tho Legislatures of said States and
Territories, to thosoldiers thereof, undcr&uch regula-
tions as the Postmaster General may direct.
Amend the title by striking out all after tho word
"certain" and insert "testimonials by tho adjutant
generals of the several States."
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments were con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dubtjque and sioux city railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the Senate amendments to the bill of the
House No. 208, to extend the time for the
completion of the Dubuque and Sioux City
railroad.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the amend-
ments be concurred in, and upon that motion
i call the previous question.
Mr. BURR. I move that the House now
take a recess.
Mr. ALLISON. I would inquire of the
Chair what would be the effectupon the pend-
ing bill should the House now take a recess.
The SPEAKER. This subject would come
up to-morrow the first thing after the reading
of the Journal.
Mr. ALLISON. I will notobject toarecess
at this time.
The motion of Mr. burr was then agreed
to.
The House accordingly, pursuant to previous
order, (at four o'clock and thirty-live minutes
p. m.,) took a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock p.
m., (Mr. icelsey in the Chair as Speaker pro
tempore.)
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
is now in session as in the Committee of the
Whole, pursuant to the order of to-day, for pur-
poses of general debate.
Mr. PRUYN addressed the House on tho
treaty-making power, and also as to the con-
struction of the impeachment clause of the
Constitution. [See Appendix.]
