THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vested in the legislative and judicial, as well as
in the Executive Departments.
Touching the proofs, Senators, little need
be said. The charges are admitted substan-
tially by the answer. Although the guilty in-
tent is formally denied by the answer and at-
tempted to be denied in argument, the accused
submits to the judgment of the Senate that,
admitting all the charges to be true, admitting
them to be established as laid, nevertheless he
cannot be held to answer before the Senate for
high crimes and misdemeanors, because it is
his prerogative to construe the Constitution
for himself, to determine the validity of your
laws for himself, and to suspend the people's
power of impeachment until it suits his con-
venience to try the question in the courts of
justice. That is the whole case; it is all there
is to it or of it or about it, after all that has
been said here by his counsel, and that was
the significance of the opening argument, that
he could only be convicted of such high crimes
and misdemeanors as are kindred with treason
and bribery. I believe I referred to that sug-
gestion yesterday and asked the Senate to con-
sider that the offenses whereof he is charged,
whereof he is clearly guilty, and which he con-
fesses himself iu his answer are offenses which
touch the nation's life and endanger the public
libeities. and cannot be tolerated for a day or
an hour by the American people. I proceed,
then, Senators, as rapidly as possible, for I
myself am growing weary of this discussion 
Mr. SIIEIIMAN. Mr. President, if the hon-
orable Manager desires to pause at this mo-
ment in his argument, I will move that the
Senate take the usual recess.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I hope to be able
to close my argument to-day, and if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to take the recess now
I will yield; but 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would you prefer it now
or to proceed half an hour longer?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I will proceed
for half an hour and then a recess can be taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well ; I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. The first ques-
tion that arises, Senators, under the first article,
is whether Mr. Stanton was the Secretary of
War. That he was duly appointed in 1802 by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate
is conceded. About that there is n.> question.
As the law then stood he was entitled to hold
the office under his commission until removed
by authority of the act of 1789 or by the au-
thority of some ot'her existing act in full force
at the time of his removal; or otherwise he
was not removable at all without the advice and
consent of the Senate. That is the position I
take in regard to this matter, and I venture to
say before the Senate that there is not one single
word in the records of <he past history of this
country to contradict it. The act of 1789, as I
bave? said before, authorized the removal ; but
we shall see whether that act authorized his
removal in 1807.
The gentlemen seem to think the tenure of
his office depended upon the words of a com-
mission. If that were so 1 would surrender
the question; but 1 deny it. The tenure of
his oliice depended upon the provisions of the
Constitution and the existing law then or after-
ward in force, whatever it might be. There is
no vested power in the President of the Uni-
ted States on this subject beyond the reach of
legislation; and he never had any power what-
ever over the question except that joint power
with the Senate, to which 1 have referred, in
the Constitution, and the power expressly con-
ferred by the legislation of Congress. The
power that conferred it clearly might take it
away. The tenure-of-office act changed the
aw of 1789. The gentlemen have made elab-
orate arguments, showing that the act of 18C3
did not necessarily, by repugnancy, repeal the
w hole of the act of 1789; and that part of their
argument was very significant as proving that
it was competent for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to p.it, an end to all this talk about
the ieuuie of an office depending, in anysense
of the word, upon the language of a commis-
sion. It depends exclusively upon the pro-
visions of existing laws. The act of 1867 has
repealed the act of 1789, and it repealed the
act of 1795 as well. That law provided for the
suspension of all officers theretofore appointed
and commissioned by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and it provided for the
suspension of all civil officers thereafter ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and no kind of sophistry can evade
the plain, clear words of the law.
_ The gentlemen undertake to get up a distinc-
tion here between the office and the person who
holds the office. No such distinction will avail
them. This act of 1867 puts an end to all such
quibbling. The office and the person who fills
it are alike under the protection of the law
and beyond the reach of the Executive, except
as limited and directed by the law, and no man
can gainsay it.
"Every person"—
I suppose that does not mean an office
merely—
" Every person holding any civil office to which he
has been appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the iSenate, and every person wbo shall here-
after be appointed to any such office, andshall become
duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be entitled
to hold such office until a successor shall have been
in like manner appointed and duly qualified, except
as herein otherwise provided."
"Herein otherwise provided" had relation
to the second section, which made provision
for temporary removal by suspension:
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the iN'avy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively ior and during the
term of the President by whom they may have been
appointed and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That when any
officer appointed as atoresa,id, excepting judges 01'
the United States courts, shall, during a recess of the
Senate, be shown, by evidence satisfactory to the
President, to be guilty of misconduct in office or
crime, or for any reason shall become incapable or
legally disqualified to perform its duties, in such case,
and in no other, the President may suspend such
officer and designate some suitable person to perform
temporarily the duties of such office."
''In such case, and in no other." What
case? That he shall have become temporarily
disqualified, incapable, or legally disqualified,
or shall be guilty of misdemeanor ill office or
crime in such case and no other shall the
President suspend him. What other condi-
tion is there? That it shall be in the recess
of the Senate, and so the section says:
"That when any officer" * * * '
"shall, during a recess of the Senate, bo shown, by evi-
dence satisfactory to the President, to be guilty of
misconduct in office or crime, or for any reason shall
become incapable oi legally disqualified to perform
its duties, in such case, and in no other," &c.
During the recess of the Senate, and not at
any other time, shall the President suspend
him and report within twenty days after their
next meeting to the Senate the fact of suspen-
sion, the reasons and the evidence upon which
it is made. There is a law so plain that no
man can misunderstand it—a plain, clear, dis-
tinct provision of the law, that in such case and
no other, to wit, during the recess and for the
reasons, and only the reasons, named in the
statute, shall he suspend from cilice any person
heretofore appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or who may be
hereafter appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
It is admitted that the Secretary of War and
every other officer appointed with the advice
and consent of the Senate, holding at the time
of the enactment of this law, was within the
provisions of the body of the act. The Presi-
dent himself is prohibited by the act from
removal, as he was authorized by the act of
1789 to make removals. There is no escape
from the conclusion it' gentlemen admit the
validity of the law. What next? It is at-
tempted to be said here that from the body of
this act the Secretaries appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln were excepted. Who, pray, says that?
I have juot read to you the commanding words
of Mr. Webster that exceptions, unless cleanly-
expressed in the law, are never to be implied
except where a positive necessity, exists fov
their implication. It is a sound rule of con-
struction. Who says that the heads of 0e*
partments appointed by Mr. Lincoln are by
the provis.o excepted from the body of this act*
The gentlemen, m the absence of any further
reason, undertook to quote from the speech of ,•
my learned and accomplished friend, the Sen: j
ator from Ohio, forgetting that one line ofhis ■
speech declares expressly, by necessary intend-
ment, that the existing Secretaries at the bead
of Departments were within the provisions of"
the law, wherein be says that if the Secretary
would not withdraw or resign upon the politest
suggestion from the President he himself woulet
consent to his removal. What significance can
be attached to these words if they do not mean
this: that by this law the President after all
may not be permitted to remove the Secretary
of War, but if he politely requests him to
resign, and he should refuse to resign, th#
Senator would himself consent to his removal?
As the matter then stood, the Senator was
doubtless entirely justified before the country
in qoming to that conclusion, for facts had1
not sufficiently disclosed themselves to shows
the necessity of the Secretary of War retaining
his office in the light of the solemn decision
of the Supreme Court that he was at liberty in
spite of the President, under cover of that
decision, to interpret the law for himself, to
stand by the law for himself, subject to im-
peachment if he abused the trust, and in the
words of the court not to take the law from the
President. Times have changed. The Presi-
dent has more fully developed his character.
It is understood now by the whole country, by
the whole civilized woild, that he has under-
taken to usurp all the powers of this Govern-
ment and to betray the trust committed to him
by the people through their Constitution.
The Secretary is said to be excepted by the
proviso from the body of the statute. It is an
afterthought. The President himself m his mes-
sage, which I will take the liberty to cite, in
the report notified the Senate that if he had
supposed any member of his Cabinet would
have availed himself of the law to retain the
office against his will he would have removed
him without hesitation before it became a law.
He supposed then he was within the law; they
all supposed he was within the law.
Again, the President is concluded on this
question, Senators, because on the 12th day
of August, 1867, he issued an order suspend-
ing Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
under this act. What provision is there in the
Constitution authorizing the President to sus-
pend anybody for a day or an hour—a head
of Department, from office? Nobody ever
claimed it; nobody ever exercised it. It is a
thing unheard of altogether in the past history
of the country. It never was authorized by any
law, save the act of March 2. 1867, the tenure-
of-offiee act. The language of the act is sus-
pension and, Senators, pardon me, for I do
not intend that this confessedly guilty man
shall change front in the presence of the Sen-
ate in order to cover up his villainy. In h's
message to the Senate he not only quotes the
word of the statute that he had suspended him,
but he quotes the other word of the statute,
that the suspension was not yet "revoked."
I ask you, Senators, when that word ever be-
fore occurred in the executive papers of a
President of the United States, that he had
"revoked" a suspension, it is the word of
the tenure-of-office act that the President may,
if he becomes satisfied that the suspension is
made without just cause, revoke it; and he
communicates to the Senate that the suspen-
sion was not yet revoked. He thought he was
within the statute when he suspended him.
He thought he was within the statute when he
communicated to the Senate that he had not
yet revoked the suspension. He thought he
was within the statute when, in obedience to its
express requirement, within twenty days after
the next meeting of the Senate, he did, as
