1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4499
An act (H. R. No. 1205") to further amend
the postal laws;
An (Ii. R. No. 553) for the relief of A. D.
Ballard j and
An act (H. R. No. 1459) for the relief of
Nelson Tift, of Georgia, from disabilities.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled the
bill (H. R. No. 553) for the relief of A. W.
Ballard ; when the Speaker signed the same.
funding the national debt again.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the' funding bill.
The question was upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays26; not voting
78 ,• as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Benton,
Bingham, Blackburn, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boy-
den, Bromwell, Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin F,
Butler, Roderick II. Butler, Cake, Calhs, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Co-
Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hinds, Roopor, Hopkins, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jenuket, Alexander II.
Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Koteham,
ICoontz, Lafiin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Mann, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, MeKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Myers, News-
ham, NorrK O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham. Peters,
Pierce, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polslcy, Pomeroy,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Sclienck, Seofield, Selye,
Shanks, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble,
Twichell, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry I). "Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Wil-
liam Williams, and John T. Wilson—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Baker, Beck, Cary,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Getz, GJossbrenner, Grover,
Hamilton, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Mar-
shall, McOullough, Mungen, Niblack, Phelps, Ran-
dall, Ross,Taber, Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, and Stephen F. Wilson—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Delos
R. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Beainan, Benjamin,
Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, .Broomall, Burr, Chan-
lcr. Cook, Cornell, Deweese, Dixon, Dodge,Donnelly,
Eckley, Edwards, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Golladay,
Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Harding, Ilolman,
Hotehkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard 1). Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Kit-
chen, Knott, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McCormick, Moorhead, Morrell,
Morrissey, Mullins, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn,
Pike, Price, Prince, Pruyn, Robinson, Roots, Shella-
bargcr, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stone, Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—78.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the
report of the committee of conference \ and
upon a division, there were—ayes 99, noes 28.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 32, not vot-
ing 88 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boydcn, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Buckley, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Calhs,
Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Ctibb,
Covode, Cullom, Delano, Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Fields, French, Garfield, Goes, Gove,
Halsey, Haughey, Higby, Hill, Hinds, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jenckes, Judd, Kelley,
Kellogg, Ivetcham, Koontz, Latlin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory.
■xr i l\,r~ni  ir  iumi... . •* 
Sawyer, Sehenck, Seofield, Shanks, Spalding, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor,
John Trimble, Twitchell, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.Washburne, Henry
I). Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr.
Wrhittemore, William Williams, and John 1\ Wil-
son— ioj.
NAYS—Mcs^rs, Adams, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Beck, Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Deweese,
Dockery, Eggleston, Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner*
Grover, Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones? Kerr,
Mann, Marshall, McOullough, Mungen. Niblack,
Orth, Phelps. Randall, Ross^Tab-er. Thomas, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Auken, and Van Trump—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arneli,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blackburn,
Blaine.Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Chun-
ler, Clift, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Edwards, Ferry, Finney,
1 ox, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Hamil-
ton, Harding, Hawkins, Heaton, Ilolman, Hooper,
Hotehkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Alexander II. Jones,
Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick,
Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Newcomb, Newsham,
Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Pruyn, Robertson, Pvobinson, Roots, Selye, Shclla-
barger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—88.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absionce.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Axtell
and Mr. Johnson for the September session,
at which time they expect to be on the Pacific
coast.
leave to print remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to print an explanation in reply to an attack
made on a committee of this House in the Senate.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask leave to
print some remarks on the treaty with the Osage
Indians.
Leave was grfinted.
[These remarks will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
duties on copper ores -again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
resumption of the consideration of the bill in
relation to duties on copper ores. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] to reconsider the vote
by which the llouse refused to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. ROSS. As the great iniquity has gone
through I withdraw the motion
removal of disabilities.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill (H. R. No. 1459) to relieve
Nelson Tift, of Georgia, from disabilities.
No objection being made the bill was read a
first, second, and third time, and passed by a
two-thirds vote.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
members-elect.
Mr. DAWES. Ireportback the credentials
of Simeon Corley, of South Carolina, and P.
M. B. Young, of Georgia. These gentlemen
have had their disabilities i"emoved by act of
Congress, and the committee recommend that
they be admitted to their seats on taking the
oath prescribed by act of July 11, 18G8.
The report was agreed to.
Thereupon Mr. Simeon Corley and Mr. P. !
M. B.Young appeared and were duly qualified i
by taking the oath prescribed by act of July >
11, 1868. !
duties on copper ores. ]
The SPEAKER. The question recurs under i
the operation of the previous question on the ,
passage of the bill in regard to duties on cop- ,
per ores. j
Mr. THOMAS. Will the Chair entertain a ji
motion to lay the bill on the table ? ;j
The SPEAKER. That motion was made 'j
and rejected. The gentleman from Illinois ;;
[Mr. Ross] moved to reconsider the vote by :S
which the House refused to lay the bill on the 1
table, blithe has withdrawn it,
Mr. ROSS. My motion was to reconsider
the vote sustaining the Speaker's decision, and
to lay that on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood it
differently. Does the gentleman insist upon it?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir.
Mr. BANKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the yeas and nays were refused.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
not been refused on the passage of the bill.
The gentleman will state' what other question
the yeas and nays have been refused on that he
desires to reconsider.
Mr. BANKS. On ordering the main ques-
tion.
Ihe SPEAKER. The jeas and nays were
ordered on ordering the main question, and
they were taken, and were not only recorded,
but read in full by the Clerk. The gentleman
of course understands that an order which has
been executed cannot be reconsidered.
Mr. THOMAS. I voted in the affirmative
on sustaining the decision of the Chair, which
was appealed from by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I now move to
'reconsider that vote.
^ The SPEAKER. That vote was not recon-
sidered and laid on the table, and the motion
is therefore in order,
Mr. THOMAS. Upon that motion I call
the yeas and nays.
Mr. PILE. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
^ Mr. THOMAS, Mr. PHELPS, and Mr.
ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 7, not voting
00; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delds 11.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey. Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bingham,
Blackburn, Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Buckley. Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calhs,
Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Dockery,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnswort.h, Ferriss, Fields,
French, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goss, Grover,
Halsey, Hamilton, Hawkins, Iieaton, Higby, Hill,
Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Jenckes. Johnson, Alexander II. Jones,Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, McClurg,
McCulIough, MeKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Mul-
iins, Myers, Newsham, Niblack, Norris, O'Neill,
Orth, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pierce, Pile, Plants,
Poland. Polsley, Randall, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Schenck, Seofield, Selye, Shanks, Spalding, Aaron
F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Tay-
lor, Lawrence S. Trimble. Twichell. Van Aernam,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Wryck, Vidal.
Elihu B. Wasliburne, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Whittemore. William Williams, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—-125.
NAYS—Messrs. Eldridge, Hunter, Mann, Pomeroy,
Taber, Thomas, and Van Trump—7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Chanler, Clii't, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Co-
vode, Deweese, Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly, Eckley,
Edward*, Ela, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Golladay, Gove,
Gravely, Griswold, Haight, llarding, Haughey, Ilol-
man, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richaul D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kitchen,
Knott, Lash, George V. Lawience, Logan, Lynch,
MarshalLMarvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Moorhead,
Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Ncwcomb, Nicholson,
Nunn, Paine, Pike, Price, Prince, Pruyn, Raum,
Robinson, lloolb, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Starkweather, Stone, Sypher, Taffe, John Trimblo,
Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Henry D. Washburu,
Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridge, Woodward, and Young—90.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House take
a recess until a quarter to twelve o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has not the Speaker de-
cided that that is a dilatory motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
another motion for a recess was not in order,
pending the consideration of the funding bill,
but this is a different bill.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to inform the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the Speaker has not
decided this to be a "dilatory' motion,
did not use that word.
Mr. SCHENCK. Everybody sees that Jt is.
