1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3477
make a motion to reconsider so that the Com-
mittee on Commerce may look into the matter.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I object to the passage
of the bill. You refused to have a similar bill
passed for the benefit of my constituents.
The bill was referred to the Committee off
Commerce.
REGISTERING OF VESSELS.
A bill (S. No. 60S) to amend section five pf
an act entitled " An act concerning the regis-
tering and recording of ships or vessels," ap-
proved December til, 1792, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
HOSPITAL MARINE SURGEONS.
Senate bill No. 204, to provide for the ap-
pointment of the supervising surgeons of the
marine hospitals of the United States, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, rnoved^ to
reconsider the various votes by which bills
were referred to the Committee on Commerce;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IMPRISONED ABROAD.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this Houso whether any
American citizens have been airested, tried, con-
victed, or imprisoned in Great Britain for words
spoken and acts done in this country; whether any
American citizens have been by Great Britain denied
their rights as such, or otherwise treated as English
subjects; whether American citizens have been de-
nied the privilege ot mixed juries; whether Amer-
ican citizens thus troated are now confined in English
prisons; and what he has done to secure the release
ot any such persons, and why they have not been
released.
COIN CONTRACTS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask consent that Senate
bill No. 180, relating to contracts payable in
coin, may be taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. COBB. I object.
W. SHERWOOD AND D. W. MARTINDALE.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1311) for the
relief of Walter Sherwood and David W. Mar-
tindale; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
ADDITIONAL ADJUTANTS GENERAL.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1312) to add to
the service three adjutants general; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
INDIAN POLICY, ETC.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of John B. Wolf, in behalf
of white settlers in Colorado and Dakota Ter-
ritories, praying for the abolition of military
posts and other reforms in the Indian policy
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ETHAN A. SAWYER.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 809) for
the relief of Ethan A. Sawyer, of Jefferson
county, Tennessee; which was readafirstand
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. MOORE asked and obtained leave of
absence for four days.
J. Q. A. KECK.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from -the Speaker's table the
Senate amendment to the bill of the House
No, 286, granting a pension to John Q. A.
Keck, late a private in the third Missouri
cavalry.
No objection was made.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
after the words "pension-roll" the words
"and to pay him a pension of fifteen dollars
per month."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
■ The latter motion was agreed to.
john murphy.
Mr. HAIGIIT. I ask unanimous consent
to present the petition of John Murphy, for
leave to apply for extension of letters-patent,
for reference to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. COBB. I object.
The SPEAKER. The petition can be handed
to the Journal clerk and referred under the
rule.
MRS. SAltAII HACKLEMAN.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no
objection at all to the consideration at this
time of a bill referred to last Friday week,
when the subject of pensions was being con-
sidered. It is well known that there are seven
widows of brigadier generals who fell in battle ;
six of them have been pensioned at the rate
of fifty dollars per month. Mrs. Sarah Hackle-
man, widow of Brigadier General Pleasant A.
Hacldeman, who fell on the field of battle at
Corinth, has not been so pensioned. I ask
that she may be placed on the same footing
with the widows of other brigadier generals
who fell in actual battle. Mrs. Hackleman
lives in my district; she is the mother of three
daughters, one of whom is an invalid, and this
pension is necessary for their support. I state
facts that will be attested by every gentleman
from Indiana on this floor. I hope there will
be no objection to this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
the introduction and reference of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll the name of Sarah
Hackleinau, widow of Brigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Hackleman, for a pension at the rate
of fifty dollars a month, from the 3d day of
October, 1802, on which day General Hackle-
man fell mortally wounded at the battle of
Corinth. The second section discontinues the
pension heretofore allowed to Sarah Hackleman
under the general law, and provides that the
sum already received by her shall be deducted
from the pension hereby granted, which shall
be subject to the provisions of the general
pension laws.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the bill will be considered as before the House.
Mr. VAN AERNA.U. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Aernam] will withdraw
the objection. The facts of this case are well
known to every member from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van AernamJ insist on his
objection ?
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I do. I desire that
the bill may be referred.
Mr. BLAINE. Let it be referred, then, with
leave to the committee to report at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. That will be satisfactory
if the bill cannot be passed now.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 1313) granting a pension to Mrs. Sarah
Hackleman. widow of Brigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Hackleman, was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, with leave to report at any time.
SCHOOL SITE, BURLINGTON, IOWA.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent that the bill (S. No. 469) entitled "An
act confirming the title to a tract of land in
Burlington, Iowa," be taken from the Speak-
er's table for consideration at the present time.
, The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
of the title of the United States in and to a
certain tract of land in the city of Burlington,
Des Moines county, in the State of Iowa,
described as being west of lot No. 978 in said
city, south of Valley street,, west of Boundary
street, and north of Market street, and which
was originally reserved from sale by the United
Sutes and dedicated to public burial purposes,
be confirmed to and vested in the Independent
School District of said city, to be forever ded-
icated to and used by that school district for
public school purposes, and for no other use or
purpose whatever.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. All that this bill
proposes is to authorize the use of this tract of
land for a high school.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see why we should provide for a high school at
Burlington any more than at any other place.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will explain the
matter in a few words.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will ask, then,
that the committee have leave to report the bill
at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Committee on Private Land Claims will
probably be called soon after the tax bill has
been disposed of.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My reason for
desiring that the committee be authorized to
report at anytime is that until this bill shall be
passed the erection of the high school building
will be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims will be called very soon.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
REFERENCE OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, &c., have been
referred this morning ; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. RAUM. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill (H. R. No. 347) entitled "An act to
amend an act to divide the State of Illinois into
two judicial districts," approved February 13,
1855, be taken from the Speaker's table, that
we may concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate; which will occupy but a moment.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
read for information, after which objection can
be made.
The Clerk read as follows:
First amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following;
That in addition to the terms of the district court
of tho United States for the southern district of Illi-
nois, now required by law to be held at the city of
Springfield, terms of said court shall hereafter bo held
at the city ot Cairo, in said State, commencing on the
first Mondays of March and October in each year.
Second amendment:
Amend the bill so as to read as follows:
An act for holding terms of the-district courts of tho
United States for tho southern district of Illinois, at
the city of Cairo in said State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like my colleague [Mr. Racm] to explain, if
he can, the necessity for this additional expense
of holding courts at Cairo. .
Mr. RAUM. I can do so very readily. This
bill, after a reference to the committee in this
House, was passed here, and being sent to the
Senate was referred to the Judiciary_ Commit-
tee there, on whose recommendation it appears
these amendments were adopted. The bill
simply provides for two additional terms ot
the district court to be held at Cairo. My
colleague well knows there is a large com-
merce at Cairo. Five or six thousand steam-
boats land there every year, and a large amount
