THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
ident upon any legal proposition whatever.
They do state one proposition to which I en-
tirely assent; and that is, that an unconstitu-
tional law is no law. But it is no law to the
President, it is no law to the Congress, it is no
law to the courts, it is no law to the people,
only after its constitutionality shall have been
decided in the mode and manner prescribed
by the Constitution; and the gentleman who
so adroitly handled that text as it came from
the mighty brain of Marshall, knew it to be the
rule governing the case just as well as anybody
else knows it. It is a law until it shall have
been reversed. It has not been reversed. To
assume any other position would be to subject
the country at once to anarchy, because, as I
may have occasion to say in the progress of
this argument, the humblest citizen in the land
is as much entitled to the impunity which that
proposition brings as is the President of the
United States. It does not result, however,
that the humblest citizen of the land, in iiis
cabin upon your western frontier, through
whose torn thatch the wintry rains come down,
and through whose broken walls the winds blow
at pleasure, is at liberty to defy the law upon
the hypothesis that it is unconstitutional and
to decide it in advance. The same rule applies
to your President. Your Constitution is no
respecter of persons.
Is, then, this law constitutional, is it valid,
and did the President intend to violate its pro-
visions? Senators, I said before that the rule
of the common law and the common sense of
mankind is, that whenever a man does an un-
lawful act, himself being a rational, intelli-
gent, responsible agent, he intends precisely
•what he does, and there is an end to all fur-
ther controversy. It sometimes happens, how-
ever, because in the providence of God truth
is stronger than falsehood—it is linked to the
Almighty, and partakes in some sort of his
omnipotence—that a guilty conscience some-
times makes confessions and thereby contrib-
utes to the vindication of violated law and the
administration of justice between man and man
in support of the rights of an outraged and
violated people. So it has happened, Sen-
ators, to the accused at your bar. The Presi-
dent of the United States was 110 exception to
that rule that murder will out. He could not
keep his secret. It possessed him ; it con-
trolled his utterances, and it compelled him,
in spite of himself, to stammer out his guilty
purpose and his guilty intent, and thereby
silence the tongue of every advocate in this
Chamber and of every advocate outside of
this Chamber who undertakes to excuse him
on the ground that he did not intend the
necessary consequences of his own act. He
did intend them and he confesses it.
And now I ask the Senate to note what is
recorded on page 234 in the record, in his let-
tor to General Grant, and see what becomes
of this pretense that the intent is not proved ;
that he did not intend to violate the law; that
he did not intend, in defiance of the express
words of the law, which are that the Secretary
shall forthwith resume the functions of his
office in the event that the Senate shall non-
concur in the suspension, and notify the Secre-
tary of the fact of non-concurrence, all of
which appears on your record, to prevent the
Secretary from so assuming his office. The
President, in his letter to General Grant of
February 10, 1808, to be found on page 234
of the record, says :
" First of all, you here admit that from the very
beginning of what you term 'the whole history' ot
your connection with Mr. Stanton's suspension, you
intended to circumvent tho President. It was to
carry out that intent that you accepted tho appoint-
ment. This was in your mind at the time of your
acceptance. Xt was not, thou, in obedience to tho
order of your superior, as has heretofore been sup-
posed, that you assumed the dutiesot the office. Jou
knew it was the President's purjiose to prevent Mr. Stun-
toyi front resuming the oj/ice of Secretary of W(tr."
How could he know it if that was not the
President's purpose ? It would be, it seems to
me, and I say it with all reverence, beyond the
power of Omnipotence itself to know a thing
that was not to be at all, and could not by any
possibility.be, and did not exist. "You knew
it was the President's.purpose to prevent Mr.
Stanton from resuming the office of Secretary
of War." And what says the law? That it
shall be the duty of the suspended Secretary,
if the Senate shall non-concur in the suspen-
sion, " forthwith to resume the functions of the
office." And yet the Senate are to be told
here that we must prove intent! Well, we have
proved it; and what more are we to prove
before this man is to be convicted and the
people justified in the judgment of their own
Senators? He says to General Grant in this
letter, "It was my purpose, and you knew it,
to prevent Mr. Stanton from resuming the
functions of his office."
I give him the benefitof his whole confession.
There is nothing in this stammering utterance
of this violator of oaths and violator of Con-
stitutions and violator of laws, that can help
him either before this tribunal or any other tri-
bunal constituted as this is of just and upright
men. He says further on :
"You knew the President was unwilling to trust
the office with anyone who would not, by holding it,
compel Mr. Stanton to resort to the courts."
And he knew as well as he knew anything,
that if he prevented Mr. Stanton from resum-
ing the office, Mr. Stanton could no more con-
testthat question inyour courts of justice than
can the unborn; and the man who does not
know it ought to be turned out of the office
that he disgraces and dishonors for natural
stupidity. He has abused the powers that
have been given him. A man who has sense
enough to find his way to the Capitol ought to
have sense enough to know that. And yet
this defense goes on here and the people are
mocked and insulted day by day by this pre-
tense that we are persecuting an innocent man,
a defender of the Constitution, a lover of
justice, a respecter of oaths!
1 have said, Senators, in theprogress of this
discussion, that this prepense of the President
is an afterthought. The letter which I have
just read is of date, you remember, February
10, 1808, in which he says that his object was
to prevent Mr. Stanton from resuming the
office. Then there is another assertion, which
is also an afterthought, that he wished to drive
him into the courts to test the validity of the
law. If he prevented Mr. Stanton's resump-
tion of the office there was an end of it, he never
could get into the courts j and that question
has been settled also in this country, and is no
longer an open question, and the President
knew it. The question has been ruled and set-
tled, as I stated long ago in the progress of this
controversy, in the case of Wallace vs. Ander-
son, 5 AVheaton, 291, where Chief Justice Mar-
shall, delivering the opinion of the court, says :
"A writ of quo xcarranto—"
And it is the only writ by which the title to
the office could be tested under your present
laws—
"could not be maintained except at the instance of
the Government, and as this writ was issued by a
private individual without tho authority of the Gov-
ernment it could nnt bo sustained, whatever might
he the right of the prosecutor or of the person claim-
ing the office m question."
This high court of impeachment, Senators,
is the only tribunal to which this question could
by possibility be referred. Mr. Stanton could
not bring the question here ; the people could,
and the people have, and the people awaityour
judgment.
Senators, I now ask you another question.
How does the President's statement that it was
to compel Mr. Stanton to resort to the courts
that he suspended him stand with the pretense
of the President's answer that hi^, the Presi-
dent's, only purpose was to have the Supreme
i Court pass upon the constitutionality of the
> law? A tender regard this for the Constitu-
' tion. lie said this was his only purpose in
breaking the law, the validity and the obliga-
tion of which, in the most formal and solemn
1 manner, he had recognized by availing hiro-
i self of its express grant to suspend the head of
a Department from the functions of his office,,
and to appoint temporarily a successor and
report the fact to the Senate; and he now
comes with his answer and says that his only
purpose was to test the validity of the law in
the Supreme Court! If that was his sole pur-
pose how comes it that the President did not
institute the proceeding? The Senate will
answer that question when they come to pass
upon the defense which the President has
incorporated in his plea. How comes it that
he did not institute the proceeding? I think
if the venerable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] full of learning as he is fall of years,
were to respond here and now to that inquiry,"
he would answer: "Because it was impossible
for the President to institute the proceeding."
Mr. Chief Justice, it is well known to every
jurist of the country, as the question stands
and as the President left it, that there is no
colorable excuse under the Constitution and
laws of this country for saying that he could
institute the proceeding. If he could not in-
stitute the proceeding, then, I ask again, why
insult the people by mocking them with this
bald, hypocritical assertion that his only pur-
pose in all he did was to institute a proceeding
on his own motion in the Supreme Court of
the United States to test the validity of the
people's laws ? It is only another illustration,
surrounded as the President is by gentlemen
learned in the law—and I cast no reproach
upon them in saying it, for it was their duty
to defend him ; it was their duty to bring to
his defense all their experience, all their learn-
ing, and all those great gifts of intellect and
of heart with which it has pleased Providence
to endow them—but at last it is only another
evidence of what I said before, that, notwith-
standing the advice and counsel of his learned
and accomplished defenders, truth is at last
stronger than falsehood, and only illustrates
the grand utterances of that immortal man who
in his blindness meditated a song so sublime
and holy that it would not misbecome the lips
of those ethereal virtues that he saw with that
inner eye which no calamity could darken or
obscure, when he said—
"Who knows not that truth is strong,
Next to the Almighty."
The President simply utters another false-
hood when he comes before the Senate and
says that his purpose in violating his oath, in
violating your Constitution, in violating your
laws, was, that he might test the validity of
the statute in the Supreme Court of the United
States, when he knew he had no power under
the Constitution and laws to raise the question
at all. There ends that part of the defense,
and there I leave it.
The written order for the removal of the
Secretary of War and the written letter of
authority for the appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas to the office of Secretary for the De-
partment of War are simply written confes-
sions of his guilt in the light of that which I
have already read from the record, and no man
can gainsay it. I dispose,t once for all, of this
question of intent by a text that doubtless is
familiar to Senators. The evidence being in
writing the intent necessarily results, if I am
right at all in my apprehension of the rule of
law. I read from page 15 of 3 Greenleaf:
"For though it is a maxim of law, as well as the
dictate of charity, that every person is to be pre-
sumed innocent until he is proved to be guilty: yet
it is a rule equally sound that every sane person
must be supposed to intend that which is the ordi-
nary and natural consequences of his own purposed
act. Therefore, 'where an act, in itself indifferent,
becomes criminal if done' with a particular intent,
there the intent must be proved and found ; hot
where the act is in itself unlawful the proof of justifi-
cation or excuse lies on the defendant; and, in fail-
ure thereof, the law implies a criminal intent."
Was the act unlawful ? If your statute was
valid it clearly was, for your statute says, in
j the sixth section:
I "That every removal, appointment, or employ-
i mcnt made, had, or exercised contrary to the pro-
i visions of this act, and tho making, signing, sealing,
! countersigning, or issuing of any commission or let-
! ter of authority for or in respect to any such appoint-
' mentor employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby
