1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4501
House that that body had appointed Mr. Whyte
and Mr. Henderson a committee to join such
committee as the House should appoint to wait
upon the President and inform him that both
Houses are ready to take a recess at twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Under the
ruling of the Chair no such message is neces-
sary to be passed.
The SPEAKER. Respect to the Senate
would require cosicurrenee.
The request of the Senate was concurred in;
and the Speaker appointed Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Eldridge as such commit-
tee on the part of the House.
impeachment reports.
Mr.LA.PLIN,from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra
copies of the report of the trial of the impeachment
of the President of the United States.
consul at panama.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report of
the Secretary of State in regard to the consul
at Panama ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
joseph segar.
Leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case
of Joseph Segar.
amnesty.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unan-
imous consent to submit the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That this House, acting under a sense of
wise discretion and of that magnanimity and dignity
becoming a great Christian nation, in furtherance of
the harmony, fraternity, and union of our beloved
country, request the President to issue a procla-
mation of complcto amnesty for political offenses to
all persons engaged in the late rebellion against the
United States.
Objection was made.
duty on copper orbs again.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the pending proposition in regard to duty
011 copper ore.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is not time to take
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. I object to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to withdraw the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I yielded to tho funding bill,
upon the solemn assurance of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] this would
not be pressed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
While the Clerk was calling the roll the hour
fixed for taking a recess arrived.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
m. having arrived, by the concurrent resolu-
tion of both Houses of Congress the House
of Representatives now takes a recess until
Monday, September 21, at twelve m.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. KBLLEY: The petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, asking for appropriations for
the improvement of St. Mary's iiver and the
St. Mary's Falls ship-canal.
By Mr. O'NEILL: Aresolution of the board
of directors of the Union League of Philadel-
phia, suggesting to Senators and members that
they use t.heir influence to preventan adjourn-
ment of Congress at this time.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of 124 cit-
izens of Athens county, Ohio, for a mail route
from New England to Coolville, in said Athens
county, Ohio.
By "Mr. POLAND: The remonstrance of
Frank H. Harris and others, of Brattleboro',
Vermont, against the extension of Howe's
patent on sewing-machines.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 27,1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday was dispensed with.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1010) relating to pensions.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 619) to extend the
laws of the United States relating to customs,
commerce, and navigation over the territory
ceded to the United States by Russia, to estab-
lish a collection district therein, and for other
purposes, and had appointed Mr. E. B. Wash-
bdrne of Illinois, Mr. Thomas D. Eliot of
Massachusetts, and Mr. S. B. Axtell of Cali-
fornia, managers on the part of the House of
Representatives.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1276) for the sale
of the Hot Springs reservation iu Arkansas.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1445) to correct an error
in the enrollment of the act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. E. No. 1457) to pay for indexing
the tax bill ;
A bill (H. E. No. 910) for the relief of the
grantees of Ann D. Durding ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1052) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act granting public lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State," approved June
3, 1856;
A bill (H. R. No. 1447) granting the right
of way to certain railway companies over the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1448) making appropria-
tions for certain executive expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1809;
A bill (H, R. No. 1131) regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases for the protection
of officers and agents of the Government, and
for the better defense of the Treasury against
unlawful claims;
A bill (H. R. No. 1010) relating to pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 541) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb,
and establishing additional regulations for the
government of the institution, and for other
purposes;
A bill (S. No. 491) to provide for the ap-
pointment of recorder of deeds in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 1G) donating a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation for tho
exclusive use of a public road;
A bill (S. No. 417) to amend an act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment
of her northern and western boundaries, the
relinquishment by the State of all territory
claimed by her exterior to said boundaries,
and of all her claims upon the United States,
and to establish a territorial government for
New Mexico ;
A bill (S. No. 489) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lauds to the
city and county of San Francisco ;
A bill (S. No. 596) for the relief of Mrs. L.
T. Potter;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 151) to drop
from the rolls of the Army certain officers
absent without authority from their commands;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 169) appealing
to the Turkish Government in behalf of the
people of Crete;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32-5) relative
to the pay of the chief clerk in the office of
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 362) to aid in
relieving from peonage women and children
of the Navajo Indians.
executive session.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I ask it but for a moment, in order that
I may move a reconsideration to get a paper
back from the White House.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened.
report of commissioner of education.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing to report a resolution
, for the printing of extra copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Education, and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
i ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Itesolved, That three thousand copiesof theannual
report of the Commissioner of Education be printed
for the use of the Commissioner, and that fifteen
hundred copies of the accompanying documents, or
so many of them, not exceeding fifteen hundred, as
he may deem proper, beprinted and furnished to the
Commissioner, either separately or together, as he
may elect.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee whether that relates also to
the report on the condition of the schools in
this District.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it does.
Mr. HARLAN. There are two separate
reports. I desire to have it include the report
on the schools in this District.
Mr. ANTHONY. This includes the print-
ing of the accompanying reports or so many as
the Commissioner may deem necessary, not to
exceed fifteen hundred, and if that came with
his report it will be included.
Mr. HARLAN. To make it sure, I move to
amend by adding " including the report for the
District of Columbia."
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
printing of land office maps.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion in regard to printing the maps accompany-
ing the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. I promised Mr. Wilson,
the Commissioner, that there should be a vote
on that particular item.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator had better
wait until the Senate is full. I shall be obliged
to divide the Senate on that motion. It will
not take any time.
Mr. STEWART. I am afraid I shall not
get an opportunity to call it up again.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
its passing, if such be the will of the Senate ;
but I must ask for a vote upon it. Probably
there is a quorum here now.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands examined the subject of printing
these maps twice, and think they ought to be
printed. It has been before the Committee on
Printing, and the Committee on Printing think
they should not be printed. I think it very
important to have them printed. In the hurry
of business the other day there was no vote
on this item, and the Commissioner requested
me to have a vote upon it. I think the maps
very important for carrying into operation the
land system, particularly those maps^ of the
States. They show the extent to which me
lands have been taken up. They are abso-
lutely necessary in order that immigrants may
understand the location of the lands before
they go upon them. , Tt,a
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, lhe reso-
lution wilJ be read for information.
