SUPPLEMENT TO
declared to be, high misdemeanors; and, upon trial
and conviction thereof, every person guilty thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000 or
by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of the court."
Senators, is it an unlawful act within the
text pf Greenleaf? That surely is an unlawful
act the doing of which is by the express law
of the people declared to be a penal offense
punishable by fine and imprisonment in the
penitentiary. What answer do the gentlemen
make? How do they attempt to escape from
this provision of the law? They say, and it
did amaze me, the President attempted to re-
move the Secretary of War, but he did not
succeed. Are we to be told that the man who
makes an attempt upon your life here in the
District of Columbia, although if you are to
search never so closely the statutes of the
United States you would not find the offense
definitely defiued and its punishment pre-
scribed by statute—are we to be told that be-
cause he did not succeed in murdering you
outright he must go acquit to try what suc-
cess he may have 011 another day and in another
place iu accomplishing his purpose? Senators,
I have notified you already of that which you
do know, that your act of 1801, as well as your
act of 1881, declares that all offenses indictable
at the common law committed within the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall be crimes or misde-
meanors, according to their grade, and shall
be indictable and punishable in the District of
Columbia in your own courts.
I listened to the learned gentleman from
New York the other day upon this point, and
for the life of me (and 1 beg his pardon for
saying it) I could not understand what induced
the gentleman to venture upon the intimation
that there was any such tiling possible as a
defense for the President if they admit the
unlawful attempt to violate this law by admit-
ting the order to be tin unlawful attempt. I
say, with all respect to the gentlemen, that it
has been settled during the current century
and longer, by the highest courts of tills coun-
try and of England, (.hat an attempt, to commit
a misdemeanor, whether the misdemeanor bo
one at common law or a misdemeanor by stat-
ute law, is itself a misdemeanor; and in sup-
port of that 1 read from I llus.sell:
"An attempt toeonuuitastatutable misdemeanor,
i.s us miu'li iticlii'tuhle as an attempt to commit a, com-
mon-law misdemeanor; for when an oiTonse is tn.i.lo
a misdemeanor by statute, it is made su for all pur-
poses. And thogenera! rule is. that ' an attempt to
commit a misdemeanor is a misdemeanor, whether
tho offense isereatcd by statute, or \va« an offenyo at
common law.'lluxtidl on Crimen, p. 8 I.
I should like to see some authoritative view
brought into this Senate to contradict that rule.
It is common law as well as common sense.
Hut, further, what use is there for raising a
question of this nature when the further pro-
vision of the statute is that—
"Xho making, sisninff, soa^njf, countersigning, or
issuing of any commission or letter of authority for
or m respect to any such appointment or employ-
ment shall be deemed, and aro hereby declared to be,
high misdemeanors."
The issuing of the'order, the issuing of the
letter of authority of and concerning the ap-
pointment is, by the express words of your
law, made a high misdemeanor. Who is there
to challenge this here or anywhere? What
answer has been made to it? What answer
can be made to it? None, Senators, none.
When the words of a statute are plain there is
an end to all controversy; and in this, as in
every otlier part of this discussion touching
the written laws of the land, I stand upon that
accepted canon of construction cited by the
Attorney General in his defense of the Presi-
dent last week, when he said " effect must be
given to every word of the written law." -Let
effect be given to the words that " every letter
of authority" shall be a high misdemeanor.
Let effect be given to the statute that every
commission issued and every order made affect-
ing or referring to the matter of the employ-
ment in the office shall be a high misdemeanor.
Let the Senate pass upon it. I have nothing
further to say about it. I have discharged my
duty, my whole duty.
The question now remains, and *the only
question that now remains, is this tenure.-of-
office act valid? If it is, whatever gentlemen
may say about the first article, there is no man
but knows that under the second and third and
eighth articles, by issuing the letter of author-
ity in the very words of this statute, and in the
very light of his own letter, which I have read
just now in the hearing of the Senate, as to
his intent and purpose, he is guilty of a high
misdemeanor. No matter what may be said
about the first article, he did issue the letter of
authority which is set forth in the second
article, and he has written it down in his letter
of the 10th of February, that his object and
purpose was to violate that very law, and to
prevent the Secretary of War from resuming
the functions of the office, although the law
says he shall forthwith resume the functions
of the office in case the Senate shall non-concur
in his suspension. And yet gentlemen haggle
here about this question as if it were an open
question. It is not an open question. It is a
settled, closed question at this hour in the
judgment of every enlightened, intelligent man
who has had access to your record in this
country, and it is useless and worse than use-
less to waste time upon it.
The question now is : is your act valid, is it
constitutional? Senators, I ought to consider
that question closed ; I ought to assume that
the Congress of the United States who passed
tho act will abide by it. They acted upon the
responsibility of their oaths. They acted under
the limitations of the Constitution. The Thirty-
Ninth Congress, not, unmindful, 1 trust, of
their obligations, and not incapable of duly
considering the grants and limitations of the
Constitution, passed this law because, lirst, they
deemed that it. was authorized by the Constitu-
tion, and because, second, they deemed that its
enactment was nccessary—that is the word of
the Constitution itself—to the public welfare
and the public interest. They sent it, in
obedience to the requirements of the Consti-
tution, to the President for his approval. The
President, in the exercise of his power and his
right under the Constitution, considered it. and
returned it to the House in which it had origin-
ated with his objections. When he had done
this we claim, and, in claiming it, we stand
upon the traditions of the country, that all his
power over tho question of the validity of this
law terminated, lie returned it to the House
with his objections, lie suggested that it was
unconstitutional. The Senate and the House
reconsidered it,, in obedience to the Constitu-
tion, in the light of the President's objections,
and by a two-thirds vole under the obligation
of their oaths reenacted the bill into a law;
and, in the words of the Constitution, it there-
by became a law, a law for the President, and
it will for ever remain a law until it is repealed
by the law-making power or reversed by the
courts having jui isdiction.
And now, what takes place? These gentle-
men come before the Senate with their answer
and tell the Senate that it is unconstitutional.
They ask the Senate, in oilier word:'., to change
their record; ask to have this Journal read
hereafter at the opening of the court. "The
people of the United States against the Senate
and House of Representatives, charged with
high crimes and misdemeanors in this, that in
disregard of the Constitution, in disregard of
their oath of office, they did enact a certain
law entitled ' An act to regulate the tenure of
certain civil offices' to the hurt and injury of
tho American people, and were thereby guilty
of high crimes and misdemeanors in office."
Senators, we have had our lessons here upon
charity in the progress of this trial, but really
it docs seem to me that this would be a stretch
of that charity which requires you togive away
your coat. I-never knew before that it went
beyond your outer garments, your bread, the
money in your purse; but it seems you are to
make a voluntary surrenderof your good name,
of your character, your conscience, in order
to accomodate this accused and guilty culprit,
and say after all that it is not the President of
the United States that is impeached, it is the
Senate that is sitting in judgment upon him ;
and now we will accommodate this poor un-
fortunate by making a clean breast of it, and
making a confession before gods and men that
we violated our own oaths, that we violated the
Constitution of the country, in that wc did enact
into a law, despite the President's veto to the
contrary, a certain act entitled " An act to
regulate the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867 !
When it comes to that, it is not for me to
say what becomes of the Senate. There is a
power to gibbet us all in eternal infamy for
making up records of this kind deliberately to
the injury of the rights of a whole people, and
to the dishonor and shame and disgrace of hu-
man nature itself. And yet the question is
made here, and the truth is it had to be made,
it is in the answer, that the law is unconstitu-
tional. If the law be valid the President is
guilty, and there is no escape for him. It is
needful to make the issue, and having made
it, it is needful that the Senate decide it. If
they decide that tho law is constitutional
there is the end of it. They have decided it
three times. They dccided it when they first
passed the law. They decided if when they re-
enacted it over the President's veto. They de-
cided it again, as it was their duty to decide it,
when he sent his message to them on the 21st of
February, 1808, telling them that lie had vio-
lated and defied its provisions, that he had
disregarded their action ; it was their duty to
decide it. The Senate need no apology, and
I am sure will never offer any apology to any
man iu this life or to any set. of men for what
they did on that occasion. What! The Pres-
ident of the United States to deliberately vio-
late the law of the United States, to disregard
the solemn action of the Senate, to treat with .
contempt the notice that the Senate had served
upon him in accordance with the law, and send
a message to them, deliberately insulting them
in their own Chamber by telling them, iu so
many words, " I have received your notice ; I
know you have non-concurred in the suspen-
sion of the Secretary of War ; I was willing to
cooperate with you ; and without regard to the
law, without the slightest evidence that the
Secretary of War was in any sense disqualified,
without the slightest evidence that he was guilty
of a misdemeanor or crime, as required by
your statute, I suspended him, agreeing all the
while, if you concurred with me, and thereby
cast reproach and dishonor unjustly upon a
faithful officer and violated as well your own
oaths and the law of your country, well and
good; I should stand with you ; we would
strike hands together.''
But, sirs, you have seen fit to have regard to
your oaths ; you have seen fit to act in some
sense up to the character of that grand man
who illustrated the glory and dignity which
sometimes is vouchsafed to this poor human
nature of ours when he was asked to violate
the most holy law by eating forbidden food,
when he answered no. Well, seemingly do
it, for surely they will put you to death. He
answered again, " No, for that would bring a
stain and dishonor upon my gray hairs; take
me to the torture ; take me to the torture!"
The Senate, mindful of the obligations of their
oaths, careless of the influence of power and
position touching this question, when the mes-
sage of the President came to them that he
had deliberately violated your law and defiantly
challenged you to make answer, did make
answer, as it was your duty under your oaths
and to that great people who commissioned
you, "Sir, the thing which you have done is
not warranted by the Constitution and laws of
your country."
And this, Senators, is my answer to this
charge of hate in the prosecution of this im-
peachment. The Representatives of the peo-
ple, and all others who thought it worth while
