1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3479
the Government. They have been doing it for
years; they are doing it to-day while we are
talking about it, and they will continue to do
if so long as there is any loop-hole left out ot
which they can make their escape. _ I yield
now to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mi.
Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa I desire to say a word to
the committee, not for the purpose ol arguing
upon this amendment, upon which I have
already said all I desire to say, but for the
purpose of addressing a word or two more
particularly to those who entertain the same
opinion as the gentleman from Iowa entertains
and as I entertain respecting this amendment.
1 believe that the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa ought to pass, and I exceedingly
desire that it shall pass. I desire that it should
stand; I believe it ought to stand. Iam opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sciiexck.] But I wish the Committee
of the Whole to understand this: we must now
linally decide it. It is for the interest of every
single gentleman on this floor to have this ques-
tion finally decided now. If the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] is
illowed to stand, then there must needs be a
very extensive modification of subsequent por-
tions of this bill. If the House, after having
made these numerous and material modifica-
tions ot the bill, shall finally, when the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa is presented
to the House and the yeas and nays are called,
as they will bo called, if the House shall then
vote down that amendment it will involve the
consideration of a large number of amendments
to the bill, leading, in my opinion, to a serious
complication of action on this bill. Itis, there-
lore, very important to us that this question
should be decided now ; it is of the utmost
iuipoitance. I would very much rather en-
counter an adverse decision than postpone the
question.
'l'iio CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
oider on this section. By the order of the
House all debate upon this section and all
amendments thereto was to terminate in ten
minutes after its consideration was resumed,
and the ten minutes have expired. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
1'lie amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
As hereinafter provided. But no di-'tilled spirits
shall be removed irom thedistiilery warehouseuntiL
the iax provided by tin*: act shall have been paid,
anything contained m any law to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order; that this amendment is not in order,
because it proposes to strike out what the Com-
mittee of the Whole have inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order on two grounds; in the first
place the point of order is made too late ; and
in the second place the amendment is in order,
because it includes not only what has been
inserted, but a portion of the original section.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Schenck, and it was not agreed
to; there being upon a division—ayes 24,
noes 77.
Mr. ALLISON. I would inquire of the
Chair if the words " alcohol and rum " have
been substituted for the words "distilled
spirits," in the first part of this section?
The CHAIRMAN. They have not.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move to amend
the section in that way.
Mr. JUDD. I object, unless some reason
is given for it.
The amendment of Mr. Allison was then
agreed to. .
Mr. RAUM. I now move to amend this
section by striking out all after tlie first word
4kthat," down to and including the word
t! but " in the amendment adopted on motion
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. PitiCEj] so
that the section will then read :
And he it further matted. That no distilled spirits
shall be removed from the distillery waxcliou^o until
the tax provided by this act shall have been paid,
jinj thing contained in. any law to the contrary not-
Withstanding.
The amendment of Mr. Raum was not agreed
to ; there being, upon a division—ayes three,
noes not counted.
No further amendment was offered to section
fifty.
Section fifty-one was then read, as follows :
Skc. 51. And be it further cnaoted, That tho ware-
honpcis established and designated in accordance with
the preceding section shall bo under the direction and
control of the collector of internal revenue at the
port where such warehouse is located, who may have
charge of all matters relating to the exportation of
articles subject to tax under the laws to provide in-
ternal revenue, and such warehousesha.lt be in charge
of an internal revenue storekeeper assigned thereto
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and the
collector so designated is hereby charged with the
duties connected with the entry lor warehousing,
bonding, and custody of all distilled spirits of domes-
tic production transported to such port of entry Irom
any other district, and connected with the exporta-
tion of all distilled spirits of domestic production
from such port of entry; and such warehousing and
custody thereof shall be subject to all the provisions
ol' law and to all the regulations hereinafter pro-
vided, and such further regulations, not inconsistent
therewith, as may be established by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to strike out this
section for the reason that it has now become
useless. The adoption of the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Piiick,] by
which the Committee of the \V hole has determ-
ined that all the taxes on whisky shall be col-
lected at the distillery warehouse, has rendered
unnecessary all the provisions of this bill in
relation to the export trade. That amendment
was adopted upon the express ground that the
export trade should be killed.
Mr. PRICE. I did not say that the export
trade should be killed; but that if my amend-
ment did kill it, let it go.
Mr. BUTLER. Exactly; if it did kill it,
let it go ; I am willing to admit the correction.
That is to say, that at all hazards there shall
be no regard shown to the export trade of this
country, either in regard to this matter or any
other. We of the Atlantic coast have stood
here and seen you strike down our shipping by
a vote of 85 to 45. You have now adopted an
amendment which strikes down one of the very
largest items of the export trade.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. Whatdoes
the gentleman mean when he says " You strike
down our shipping trade?" One of his own
colleagues voted against that bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I mean whoever voted
against it; and I observed that most of the
votes on that division came from the West.
Be it so. I can only say that the head can live
as long as the legs and body under any legis-
lation that you choose to put upon it. But I
do not see why we should stay here hour after
hour and day after day to perfect a section
which every man in this House having any
intelligence upon this subject knows can be of
no earthly use, for under the provisions already
adopted there can be no more export of spirits.
The question you have determined is not
how many gallons of spirits can be exported ;
that may not be so important, but it is import-
ant to consider how much that export trade
brings back, how much it tends toward settling
your balance of trade with Europe and abroad,
how it affects your commerce and the revenue
from your external tt&de. You get one hun-
dred and fifty to one hundred and eighty mil-
lion dollars in gold every year from your exter-
nal trade or export; and you propose to strike
a large portion of that down under an insane
hope of getting something out ol whisky.
You propose to strike down that which is cer-
tain for that which is uncertain in the most
uncertain futui-e, depending upon the honesty
of the officers appointed by Andrew John-
son ; and if there is on earth anything more
uncertain than that, I should like to know what
it is. That is the only hope you have, for which
you propose to kill your foreign trade. That
is what you are doing, and I want it fully aud
distinctly understood by the House.
Great Britain gives a bounty on her foreign
export tictde in spirits; and she has had some
reputation for com mercial and national sagacity
in legislation ; and we here, when we have been
able to collect an external and internal revenue
from whisky of only §13,000,000, strike down
to-day by a single vote an export trade which
during the last year brought you mediately and
immediately more than half that amount, as
can be demonstrated by statistics. The ques-
tion is whether you are not throwing away the
substance while you grasp at the shadow;
whether you are not killing the goose that laid
the golden egg, in some insane hope of finding
a mass of gold in her crop. It seems to me
there is just about that much wisdom in this
proceeding by which you kill your export trade.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not rise to oppose
particularly the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I think that if the amend-
ment just adopted by the committee, in rela-
tion to the payment of the tax, is to stand, this
section may as well be struck out. Now, there
are several subsequent sections, all of which
are affected by the proposition made by my
colleague, [Mr. Prick,] which has beenadopted
by the committee. If that amendment should
be agreed to by the House these subsequent
sections will be of no utility; but if the propo-
sition should be voted down so as to allow
export at all, then these subsequent sections
should be retained. Now, wkat I proposp is,
that these several sections be now stricken from
the bill pro forma-, aud when we consider the
bill in the House this can be reinserted if the
amendment of my colleague be retained. I
yield to ray colleague, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to under-
stand irom my colleague [Mr. Allison]
whether the committee is opposed to incorpo-
rat in gin this bill any system of dravvbacks, and
if not, whether it would not be wiser for the
committee to propose some system of draw-
backs than to ask the House now to strike out
all these provisions?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know what the
committee may propose. For myself I look
upon this system of drawbacks as opening a
wider door to fraud than anything else con-
tained in this bill. I am, therefore, opposed
to any system of drawbacks. Now, we have
only the alternative of striking out these sec-
tions or allowing them to remain. The Com-
mittee of the Whole decided against, draw-
backs, and has now decided against any ex-
portation at all. I am not finding fault with
that decision : 1 only want a vote of the House
on these propositions.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest that we inform-
ally pass over all these sections with the con-
dition that they may be amended or struck out
in the House, in conformity to the action
which may finally be taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot consent to the
proposition of my colleague, which will keep
these sections open for discussion and amend-
ment in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman ob-
jects thei e is no use of stating the reasons,
because unanimous consent is necessary.
Mr.SCHENCK. If we have these sections
open to amendment and discussion in the House
we shall have this whole scene over again.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless by unanimous
consent, the bill must be proceeded with^sec-
tion by section. ^
Mr. JUDD. I move to insert''bonded m
the firstline preceding the word "warehouse ;"
and I do that, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose
of referring a little to the remarks of the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
ButleFv,] who alluded to the position this ques-
tion has assumed before the House. He seems
to say and charge it upon the West that we
desire to destroy this business of exportation.
On that point, he is entirely mistaken. We
only desire it regulated in such manner that it
! shall not be the means of defrauding the fcrov-
I eminent out ot its revenue. And when he
tells us this proposition will substantially take
$180,000,000 out of the Treasury of revenue
derived from exports, he exaggerates entirely
