186&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455
who vote against this bill, and stand by prin-
ciples written in numerous Republican plat-
forms ?
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to say, as the question has been put to
me, that it is the intention of the chairman of
the Committee on Reconstruction to call for
the previous question 011 this bill to-morrow
after the morning hour.
Mr. ROBINSON. We have heard a great
deal said here on the subject of negro suffrage.
I have already said I do not yield to those who
have sloughed off from the Democratic party
the right to dictate to me as a true republican.
I deny the authority of any man spotted over
with the worst kind of locofocoism to dictate to
me anything on this subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to have the gentleman tell us whether the
Democratic party now is the same Democratic
party that existed in the days of Henry Clay,
to whom he has referred.
Mr. ROBINSON. No, sir; I know all about
it. Most of the leaders of the Radical party
were in the Democratic pariy in the days of
Henry Clay.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
would like the gentleman to answer the ques-
tion I put some time ago: whether he has
changed or the Democratic party?
Mr. ROBINSON. It is evident that the
leaders of the Radical party have changed. I
have said so already. 1 have just shown by
authentic documents that they are not only de-
serters from the Democratic party, but desert-
ers from their own platforms.
Mr. WOODWARD. I protest that I be-
longed to the Democratic party in the days of
Henry Clay, and I belong to it now.
Mr. ROBINSON. That is true; but the
worst pait of the party turned away and left it
so pure that the Whig party had no difficulty
in joining it. I see my distinguished friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and another dis-
tinguished friend over on this side, [Mr.
Bkooks,] and I see all around me those who
belonged to the Whig party. Indeed, I rather
think the majority on this side are old Whigs.
Then on the other side you find the very worst
set of locofocos. [Laughter.]
A Member. Not all.
Mr. ROBINSON. Not all, to be sure.
There are a few righteous, straight old Whigs
among the Radicals, but the leaders are the
deserters from the Democratic party. Sodom
would not have been destroyed if there had
been a few righteous. [Laughter.]
Perhaps I cannot better illustrate the change
of parties 011 these questions than to read for
the edification of some of my friends on the
other side from a speech of the distinguished
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maxxakd,]
made on the 6th of February, 1801, page 105,
Appendix to Congressional Globe, second
session Thirty-Sixth Congress:
"Mr. Speaker, I do not design to be unkind. X
shall try to be serious, and X mean to be respectful.
X beseech you, gentlemen, to look at your own party."
A Member. What was he then?
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not know. He is,
I believe, a truthful man. I will not take as
much liberty with his name as if he were here.
He says he acted with the constitutional party.
I believe he was an old Whig. He says:
"I beseech you, gentlemen, to look at your own
party, it you have never done so, and see of what
heterogeneous elements it is composed. Old Whigs
and old Democrats; followers of Thomas Jefferson,
admirers of Alexander Hamilton: friends of Jack-
son, friendsol Clay; masons, anti-masons."
Sir, if 1 had time to branch off here, I could
give a chapter on anti-masons, who got us into
a great deal of trouble, because a great deal
of feeling is gotten up against some masons.
A Micmker. What about Thurlow Weed?
Mr. ROBINSON. He is nearer your party
than ours, and perhaps among the best of
yours.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man should address the Chair.
Mr. ROBINSON". I am trying to address
the Chair, but as I have to reply to gentlemen
behind me it is in a round-about way. [Laugh-
ter.] But let me proceed with the reading of
the speech of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mayxard:]
41' Barnburners,' 'hunkers,' 'renters,' ' anti-rent-
ers,' ' wooly heads/ 'silver greys,' Know-Nothings,
Americans, foreigner?, Catholics, protective-tariff
men, free-trade men, bank men, bullion men, Radi-
cals, Conservatives, and so on."
A Member. Go on.
Mr. ROBINSON. Very well:
"Men of all grades of political sentiment, all
shades of political opinion, all bedded together,
heads and heels, covered by a single blanket, and
that woven of African wool. Such is the dapple
hue of the party that has inaugurated itself to the
head of public affairs, and is about to take the Gov-
ernment into contiol."
That was the opinion of the distinguished
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. When was
that?
Mr. ROBINSON. February 0,1861. I pre-
sume he was as truthful a man then as ho is
now. I do not want to say anything against
the gentleman from Tennessee, but how it is
that he has got to be pulling at the bizarre
corner of the u African wool'' blanket and
crawling under it himself I do not slop to in-
quire ; but there he is.
I shall only read one more extract to show
what this party is and what a distinguished
gentleman thinks of it who went up to convert
New England Puritans, and who is now in this
city; ho is a personal friend, a distinguished
man, who deserves well of his country, hav-
ing served it faithfully; 1 refer to Daniel E.
Sickles. In the House of Representatives on
January 17, 1861, (Appendix to the Congres-
sional Globe, second session Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, page 88,) he said:
"The Government of theUnited Stateshasbecome
Puritan and proscriptive; it has ceased to be catholic
and tolerant, os it was formed, and has continued
from the administration of Washington down to the
election of Lincoln. The vital element of our polit-
ical system has ever been the equality of the States"—
If that were admitted now we would not be
talking on this bill to-day—
"and from this follows the corresponding duty of
non-interference with their local institutions, and
the recognition of the right of every citizen to equal
privileges in the Territories. The essential charac-
teristic of Puritanism is the employment of the pow-
ers of Government to compel a uniform recognition
of the opinions of the majority in all things. The
Constitution of the United States imposes no tost
upon the institutions of a State or Territory except
that they shall be republican. It was designed for
a confederation, embracing every element of civili-
zation which could be developed under republican
institutions."
Here comes the point that I wanted partic-
ularly to refer to :
"The triumph of the Puritan element of the North
involves the probable destruction of tlio federative
principle of the Constitution and the consolidation
of the Government under the absolute power of a
majority, which is one of the forms of despotism."
That was the opinion of Daniel E. Sickles
since the war commenced.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. No ; the
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. ROBINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. VAN HORN, ofNew York. Thatspeech
was made before Abraham Lincoln was in-
augurated, in January, 1861.
Mr. ROBINSON. That may be; but at
what date did South Carolina go out of the
Union?
Mr. VAN HORN, ofNew York. In April,
1861.
Mr. ROBINSON. If that is so I am mis-
taken ; but I thought, and still think, it was
before that. But, at any rate, everybody knew
what was coming.
Mr. NIBLACK. South Carolina seceded
on the 20th of December, 1860.
Mr. ROBINSON. I thought it was earlier
than my colleague stated. Now, whether Gen-
eral Sickles was right or wrong in these views
I do not mean to say. 1 have no prejudice
against the Puritan element any more than I
have against the negro element. And upon
this subject of the negro element, let me say
that I heard yesterday the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom all] say, and he
said it with the emphasis of ten thousand de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, that the negro
had fought nobly for the country that owed
him so little, find did not aid the rebellion.
Where does ho get his knowledge on that sub-
ject? I want to read an extract on that point
to show that tlie negro stood up for what he
considered right; and let me say that I honor
him for it. i do not mean to say, as gentle-
men upon the other side of the House insinuate,
that the negroes have not the feelings of men.
If I had belonged to a party that had insulted
the negroes as the Republican party has done,
I never would open my lips on that subject
until I had gone for seven years into sacketotli
and ashes and mourning. Sir, the gentlemen
on the other side induced the negroes to come
into the war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
says, they flocked to our standard by thousands
and tens of thousands.
Did our Government ever permit one single
negro to get an honor upon the battle-field?
What colored man upon the field of battle was
ever raised to the rank of captain or breveted
colonel or brigadier general or major general ?
What colored man has ever received that stamp
of approbation ? Do they treat him thus he-
cause the negro race is inferior? That is the
deduction from the course ot' the Republicans
on this question, because if the negro is not
inferior to the white man he would have stood
a chance for preferment upon the field of
battle. But did they let him have it? Was not
his blood, when poured out upon the battle-
field of liberty, as red as theirs? Yet the
leaders of that party now in power, with that
hatred of the negro race which was born in
their flesh and bred in their bones, would not
allow them to give a star or a badge, or even a
ribbon, upon the battle-field to the negro. Nay,
more ; this Republican party did not even allow
one of these negroes to command a company
of themselves. And when the thousands and
tens of thousands of negro troops went forth
to battle for the Union, the leaders of that
party- would not give to the negro even tho
poor privilege of leading them, as captain or
colonel, to the deadly breach in which they
fell.
Now, I say that if I was so deeply damned
with hatred and injustice to the negro as the
party who did this thing, 1 would go into sack-
cloth and ashes for seven years and repent,
before I would commence to blarney him.
And 1 say now that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] who spoke yes-
terday, declaring that tlie-.e negroes were all
upon the side of the Union, said that which
was not a historical fact. He might have
learned better from the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts, who lives in Lowell,
[Mr. Butler,] but who does not represent
that district—I forget what district he does
represent 
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Tho
State at large.
Mr. ROBINSON. That is very good ; may
I not add the country at large.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. ROBINSON. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. Does the gentleman want to
know why the Republican party did these
things?
Mr. ROBINSON. I know why: they did not
care anything for the negro. They only wanted
their own party brought into power by the
blood of the negro.
Mr. HIGBY. No; it was not that. They
yielded somewhat to the great hue and cry ot
the Democratic party against the negro.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, should the negro
love them for that? I have no doubt that to
accomplish his ends the gentleman will try and
''blarney'7 the negroes, and make some SGrt
of explanation why the Republicans heaped
this indignity upon them. I go in for doing
justice as I go along. Now, about this matter
of brevets. It was owing either to the injustice
of those managing the war or the inability of
