1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
we have conquered the armed enemies ot the I
liopub'.ic. Let us now bear with equal loyally,
courage, and manly fortitude, the humbler luit
still we\guty consequences and burdens that
ore the inevitable fruitsof war sull lingering in
the haunts ot' peace.
Mr. COLE. In opposing this resolution it
may he as well at the outset to disclaim any
dosiro to pav the national debt hy an inflation
ot' (he national currency, or taster than it shall
fall due, or in any manner not in strict accord-
ance with the utmost good taith. 1 likewise dis-
claim any purpose to tax the non-taxable Gov-
ernment securities without the consent of their
owners, or in violation of the promises contained
in the iaws. And so far as 1 am aware nobody
expects, or has the least reason to fear a repu-
diation, directly or iudirectly, of one dollar or
one cent of the obligations of the United
States. All this talk about repudiation is
better calculated to operate upon the fears
than the judgments of men ; it has no founda-
tion in fact, none whatever.
This disclaimer is, perhaps, rendered advis-
able by reason of the spirit that has character-
ized the discussion of this question outside of
Congress, not by anything that has occurred
here. The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] has presented, in a most unexceptiona-
ble manner, the only really pertinent argument
that has yet appeared on his side of the case.
Like a sound lawyer, as he is, he has deigned to
refer to the statutes, and has sought to sustain
his views without a resort to denunciation.
The Secretary of the lreasury, on the con-
trary, has in his recent report indulged in sotne
qune severe strictures against those who disa-
gree with him as to the manner in which a cer-
tain portion of the public debt is payable under
the law. And the veuerable ex-Secretary of
the t reasury, that distinguished financier of a
former generation, Robert J. Walker, in his
recent report is exceedingly severe upon the
opponents of his views and theories. Much
of this, however, so far as he is concerned,
must be set down to generous zeal and habits
contracted in another age—the golden age of
American finances. This worthy citizen in his
lateiy published address has endeavored earn-
estly to serve the public, and if he has not
succeeded in improving the national credit he
ha-? at least run great risk of bankrupting his
own imagination. J hose who cannot indorse
hi~ ideas must nevertheless admire the passion-
ate ardor which he brings into their advocacy.
He and the honorable Secretary and the Sen-
ator from Vermont agree perfectly as to what
ought to be done to insure a safe issue out of
our linancial troubles, but the misfortune still
is that nobody can do the desired thing.
According to the November statement of the
Secretary of the Treasury 81,778,000,000 of
the public debt bear interest payable in coin,
if "doubts have been raised as to the duty
and propriety of discharging" the principal of
such debt in coin, none exists as to the man-
ner in which the interest shall be paid. All
agree upon the validity of the obligation to
discharge that in gold, because it is so " nom-
inated in the bond;" the law requires it. It
is only the principal of a portion of the public
d'-bt that the resolution of the Senator from
\ ermont is intended to affect. To this atten-
tion is especially invoked, and since it con-
cerns full three fourths of the entire public
indebtedness, the resolution, which will have
all the force of a law, ought to and doubtless
will receive the most careful consideration.
Further rime to investigate would have com-
pensated in some degree for a want of skill in
financial affairs; but without much forethought
a few plain propositions may be submitted.
The exact present amount of the six percent,
five-twenty bondscannotbe readily ascertained.
The inoriihly statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury for December has not yet been pub-
lished. but since the conversion of Treasury
notes into these bonds has been going on rap-
idly during all of the month of November it
is sale to say that they amount now to $1,600,-
000,000. I include in this sum the $139,155,650
issued in the form of seven-thirty Treasury
notes under the acts of ISol, and afterward, |
tinder the latter of those acts—the one of !
August o—converted into bonds. There may
be some discrepancy about the present form
of this portion of the indebtedness, but 1 tind
the fact of their conversion noted so early
as on the Secretary's statement of May ill,
lSi'.o, and 1 cannot therefore be mistaken
about it.
It will be observed that a very large share
of the public debt—about two thirds of the
whole—is iu the form of these six per cent,
five-twenty coin-interest bonds ; and the mag-
nitude of this question has not been at all
exaggerated by any one, nor can it easily be.
1 agree with all the Senator from Vermont has
said upon this head, but not so in reference to
his arguments. He asserts that the principal
of these bonds should be paid in coin, because
the seven-thirty Treasury notes and other law-
ful-money securities are convertible into them,
and that it would be absurd to have such a
provision if the bonds themselves were after-
ward redeemable in lawful money.
But it seems to me the inducement for mak-
ing the change is found, in several other inde-
pendent facts : first, the , bonds bear an in-
terest in coin while the notes bear interest
payable in any lawful money ; and, second,
the bonds run for twenty years, the notes for
but three. Again, there is a difference in the
value of the six per cent, interest in coin and
the seven and three tenths interest in currency,
and finally the bonds are non-taxable securi-
ties, while some of the convertible notes are
taxable. 'These considerations show that the
provision for conversion of other securities
into bonds is not altogether absurd, even upon
the hypothesis that the principal is not redeem-
able in coin or its equivalent.
Another argument is deduced from section
five of the act of February 2-3, 18o2, which
reads as follows:
"That all duties on imported goods shall be paid
, in coin, or in notes payable on demand^heretofore
I authorized to be issued and 6y law receivable in pay-
1 merit of public dues; and the coin so paid shall be
1 set apart as a special fund, and shall be applied as
' follows:
' First. To the payment in coin of tho interest on
the bonds of the United States.
"Seeond. To the purchase or payment of one per
cent, of the entire debt of the United States, to bo
made within each fiscal year after the l.-t day of
July, 1862, which is to be set apart as a sinking fund,
and the interest of which shall in like manner be
, applied to the purchase or payment of the public
i debt, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall from time
! to time direct.
' " Third. The residue tbfe#eof shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."—Umted Stales Stat-
utee-at-Large, page 3-ki.
It is claimed that the seeond subdivision of
this section provides a fund out of our coin
receipts to liquidate these bonds. But it can
hardly have escaped attention that different
language is used in the two subdivisions of
this section. In the tir-st it is provided that
the revenues arising from imports shall be
applied ''to the payineut in coin of the inter-
est," and in the second subdivision that they
shall be applied ''to the purchase or payment
of one per cent, of the debt." That is, after
the 1st day of July of each year, the total
amount of the public debt shall be ascertained,
and a sum in coin equal to one per cent, of
the whole shall be set apart, out of the duties
on imports, and be made a sinking fund for
; the purchase of a portion of the public debt.
] The word purchase occurs twice in that con-
i; nection, and is significant of a different inten-
| tion on the part of the law-makers from that
; which is claimed for this section.
!. Now, the principal of these bonds is payable
in coin or it is not. If it is so payable under
existing laws, as is distinctly assumed in the
preamble to the resolution, then there can be
no real necessity for the passage of the reso-
lution ; for the allegation is not that anybody
is seeking to evade the law ; it is only that
" doubts have been raised as to the duty and
propriety" of a certain course in reference to
them. But the very fact that this resolution
has been brought forward is oome sort of a con-
fession that they are not so payable, and that
further legislation is necessary to make them
payable in coin.
But if, on the other hand, the principal is
not payable in coin or its equivalent, it becomes
a very serious question whether we ought in
this manner, or in any manner, to so alter the
law as to declare it payable in coin, or other-
wise than as the law now prescribes.- For
whatever we do in this regard, our action, after
all, will neither liquidate the debt nor increase
our ability to liquidate it. At best;, the reso-
lution, if passed, will only amount to a dec-
laration oi' intentions; not, however, a vain
and inoperative declaration, for it will have
the effect, if any effect at all, to bind us abso-
lutely to discharge in coin a vast debt, which
otherwise would be redeemable in such lawful
and current money, whether gold, silver, or
Treasury notes, as we are able to pay or to bor-
row when it falls due.
This most important acknowledgment, which
is to add hundreds of millions to our present
burdens, will apply wholly to an existing
indebtedness, for it is not pretended that there
is one dollar of new consideration moving the
Government thereto. It is to be an act of pure
generosity, undertaken professedly for the pur-
pose of strengthening our national credit.
The case may be stated in this way: by
reason of our owing $2,500,000,000 our credit
ia thirty per cent, below par. In order to
demonstrate that it ought to be at par, and to
prove to the world that we are in a sound finan-
cial condition, we will magnanimously add
without consideration some seven hundred mil-
lions to the sum of our indebtment. If a repu-
tation for solvency is to be reached in that
direction it is just as easy, while we are about
it, to go a little further and render the matter
of our ability to pay still more certain.
But we are told that if we do this generous act
we can hereafter, in case of need, borrow money
with greater facility. It does not, however,
appear very clearly that we pught to borrow
trouble about the future. Most likely we shall
have enough of our own in the form of taxation
and other exactions in order to meet what we
already owe. At any rate "sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof."
But if loosely adding this large amount to
the existing pressure upon our Treasury will
increase our ability to obtain money in open
market upon still further securities it argues
a most incomprehensible difference between
public and private financiering. Any business
firm or person in the world would at once
break down under such a policy.
It is assumed for this occasion that the pub-
lic laws relating to this subject are not ambig-
uous, and need no interpretation by additional
action of Congress. They were plain enough
at the time of the investments, otherwise cap-
italists would have withheld their funds. It
is not usual for financiers to dispose of t.heir
money on doubtful securities. It is alleged,
however, that another and higher motive than
a mere pecuniary one entered into and became
a part of these transactions. That maybe so ;
but whether the promise of a large gold inter-
est, together with a prospect of speedy-return
to specie payments, was the controlling induce-
ment for these investments, or whether they
were made with a patriotic desire to sustain
the Government, cannot now be accurately
determined. It is my firm belief, however, not-
withstanding the extremecircumspectnesswith
which the lenders selected their securities, that
both these considerations entered into the loans.
At all events these creditors, patriotic as they
are, have the double satisfaction of beholding
a restoration of the Government, upon which
their all depended, and of receiving their reg-
ular interest semi-annually in gold. Far be it
from me to detract from their generous love of
country by a vote which would in effect declare
that their motives in making the loans were
entirely sordid. The Republic is scarcely les3
indebted to them for its preservation than to
those other patriots who periled their lives on
bloody fields and in prison pens: and it is Jioped
