1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4503
expenses of the several Territoriesfor any other th^-n
tho said biennial sessions.
That undertakes to tie up our hands and
prevent us from making future appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY. That in the provision in all
the organic acts of the Territories.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; we never tie up
our hands from making future appropriations.
Here is another provision :
And thosalaiies of the Governors of the several
Territories of the United States shall be fixed at
$2,oU0 per annum—
which, with the $1,000 allowed them as super-
intendents of Indian affairs, increases their
salaries $500. Most of them no w receive $2,000.
It seems to me that we ought not to pass a bill
of this kind at this period of the session. I
move that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DICTIONARY OP CONOKESS.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to discharge
the Committee on Printing from, the further
consideration of the resolution offered by me
in relation to the Dictionary of Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now I ask the Senate
to consider the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Iiesolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
ho is hereby, authorized and directed to purchase for
the use of cach Senator one copy of the fifth, being
the latest, edition of Lanman's Dictionary of tho
United States Congress and the General Government,
and ono copy each for the offices of tho Secretary, of
the Sergeant-at-Arms, and of the Postmaster of the
Senate.
The resolution v/as adopted.
SAMUEL 1'IEKCE.
Mr. WILSON. I submitted a motion a day
or two since to reconsider the vote postponing
indefinitely the bill (H. K. No. 783) for the
relief of Samuel Pierce, which had been re-
ported adversely from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office. I move to take it up
now for the purpose of having a vote upon it.
The motion was agreed to \ and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the motion to
reconsider the vote postponing the bill in-
definitely.
Mr. WILSON. I will hear a statement from
the Senator frotn Connecticut on the subject.
Mr. FERRY. This bill was referred to the
Committee on Patents, who investigated it and
unanimously reported against the bill. Upon
the report being made, instead of moving the
indefinite postponement at the time, at the
request of the party I left the bill upon the
table for a considerable period of time to give
him an opportunity to make such further
effort as he chose. As the session was draw-
ing to a close I took the bill up one day and
had it indefinitely postponed. Since then the
Senator from Massachusetts has desired to have
another vot$, and I have consented that this
motion to reconsidcr should be agreed to, and
I shall then renew the motion to postpone the
bill indefinitely. The case is one in which
the Committee on Patents were unanimously
of the opinion that the relief asked for should
not be granted. It is for a second renewal of
a patent.
The PBESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut, to postpone the bill indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
RELATIONS WITH BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I desire the
Senate to consider the resolution of inquiry
which I presented some months since. I wish
to make certain amendments that have sug-
gested themselves to me by the newspaper dis-
cussion which they have elicited in the weeks
that they have been before the public; they
are bat suggestions of inquiry for the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, who, I doubt not,
■will give the Senate and the country their best
judgment upon the whole subject.
I cannot be mistaken in saying that the neces-
sity exists for a careful consideration of our
' commercial relations with British America.
When the recent reciprocity treaty terminated
in March, 1866, our trade with the Provinces
exceeded that with any nation except Great
Britain, and was fast increasing—the tonnage
of arrivals and clearances in provincial trade
amounting in the last year of the treaty to
seven million two hundred and eighty-four thou-
sand one hundred and seventy tons. Under
the treaty our commerce had increased nearly
fivefold in fourteen years, or from $17,000,000
annually in 1852 to $82,000,000 in 1866. As
briefly stated by Arthur Harvey, esq., in his
prize essay, the history of the negotiation and
abrogation of the treaty is as follows:
Pormany years after the United States had estab-
lished their independence, their trade with the Col-
onics which continued to own allegiance to the Brit-
ish Crown was subject to most galling restrictions.
Partial relief was afforded by the convention nego-
tiated in 1830, by Mr. McLane, President Jackson's
minister at the Court of St. James; andafurtherstep
toward freedom in commerce was taken ia 1845,
when the American Government secured the enact-
ment of a drawback law.^ The beneficial results of
these measures led to thointroductioninto Congress,
in 1848, of a bill for reciprocal free-trade with Can-
ada in certain articles. It failed to become law,but
attention having been thus directed to the subject,
the Senate, in 1851, requested the Secretary ot the
treasury to communicate to it all the information
he could gather relating to tho commerce of the Pro-
vinces with tho States. Mr. Corwin selected Mr.
Andrews to collect and tabulate the statistics bearing
on this trade; and that gentleman's report, trans-
mitted to the Senate in August, 1852, had a most im-
portant influence on the subsequent action of the
British and American Governments and Legislatures.
'* Mr. Andrews reported:
" That the free navigation of the St. Lawrence was
greatly desired by all those western States bordeiing
on the great lakes, as their natural outlet to the sea.
44 That the free navigation of tho St. John would
bo of great advantage to thooxtensivelumber inter-
est in the northoastern portion of the Union, and
that the repeal of the New Brunswick export duty
on American lumber floated down that river would
be but an act of justice to the lumbermen of that
quarter, upon whom it presses severely.
44 That without a free participation in the fisheries
near the shores of the Colonies tho American deep-
sea fisheries in that region would become valueless.
" That it would be wise to place the border trade
botween the United States and the Colonies on a
different basis, and under the influence of a higher
principle, so as to mature and perfect a compietc
system of mutual exchanges between the different
sections of this vast continent—an achievement not
only wise and advantageous, but worthy of the high
civilization, of the country."
"After much correspondence between theGovern-
mentsinterested, and many debates in the American
and colonial Legislatures, in which some opposition
to freedom of trade was shown by the Pennsylvania
manufacturers and the Maine lumber interest, and
much opposition to admit Americans to the coast
fisheries was displayed by the maritime Provinces,
the British Government gave the Earl of Elgin full
powers to negotiate a treaty in accordance with
these views, and Mr. "W. L. Marcy having been
named plenipotentiary by the President of the Uni-
ted States the reciprocity treaty was drawn up. It
was * done iu triplicate at Washington on the 5th of
June, 1854/ It went into effect in Canada on the
18th of October, and was put into full operation m
the States by tho President's proclamation oi March
10, 1855.
"For several years afterward nothing but satisfac-
tion. was expressed at the working of the new ar-
rangements; but when the fiscal necessities of Can-
ada rendered an increase in its revenue necessary,
and heavier duties were levied on manufactured
goods, the frontier towns of New YorkState, whose
exports of such articles began to decline, complained
that the spirit if not the letter of the treaty was be-
ing broken. Each successive increase in the Cana-
dian tariff was made tho pretext for renewed com-
plaints. The American Government began to act
less liberally than they were wont toward Canadian
merchants. Heavy consular fees began to bo exacted
on imports from Canada. Proof began to be de-
manded that our exports ot grain were' the growth
and produce of Canada,5 and much of the cairyiug
tradowehad begun to enjoy was thus cut off. The
Legislature of the State of New York reported that
the action of tho Canadian Government was unfair,
and requested its Representatives in Congress to pro-
tect the interests of the Republic from the 'unjust
and unequal system' said to prevail. And although
this statement was ably answered by Mr. Taylor and
tho Chamber of Commerce of St. Paul, Minnesota,
and refuted by Hon. Mr. Gait, then, as now, finance
minister of Canada, who pronounced it 'unjustifi-
able,' a resolution introduced into Congress, by Mr.
Ward, in December, 18(33, was carried, and the Pres-
ident was authorized to suspend the existing treaty
and appoint commissioners to negotiate anew one.
Notice was accordingly given in Lundon on the 17th
March, 1865, aud information thereof leached the
Governor General at Quebec on the 3d April."
I have not the materials for a full exhibit of
the course of4trade since the abrogation of the
treaty, but from a carefully-prepared statement
of the trade of Boston as published in the news-
papers of that city it appears that during the
last two years there has been a reduction of
from twenty-five to fifty per cent, of this inter-
national trade, with a corresponding diversion
in favor of England.
The first clause of my proposition would
substantially make the commerce of our north-
ern frontier free, except in foreignproductions.
"While the reciprocity treaty of 1854 was in
operation, the manufacturers of the United
States asked that the freedom of exchange
should include their fabrics as well as the nat-
ural growth of the respective countries; this
I would provide for, and extend the interchange
of products subject to a merely nominal duty to
manufactures as well as agricultural produc-
tions and raw materials.
That the agricultural interest is interested
in a renewal of our relations with our northern
neighbors will be seen by this statement in the
same essay:
"In 1863, we imported from the States four million
two hundred and ten thousand nine hundred bushels
of wheat, and exported thither one million four
hundred thousand. The imports were chiefly at
Kingston (throe million one hundred and seventy-
five thousand fifty-five bushels) and at Sarnia,
(seventy-eight thousand seven hundred and ninety-
five bushels.) The exports were principally across
the lakes. We also imported two hundred and
twenty-fivo thousand four hundred and thiqty-nino
barrels of flour and exported four hundred and
ninety thousand. Converting these into their equiva-
lents in bushels of wheat,we find that our imports of
this cereal from the States were five million three
hundred and thirty-eight thousand ninety-five, and
exports thither, three million eight hundred and
fifty thousand. Now, -we did not import tho balance,
one million four hundred and eighty-eight thousand
ninety-five bushels, because wo needed it for food,
for wc had a fine surplus of our own, and exported
to Europe and the colonies one million four hundred
and ninety-four thousand three hundred and eighty-
four bushels of wheat and two million seven hun-
dred and eighty-three thousand one hundred and
fifty barrels of Hour; together, ^ight million nine
hundred and sixty-nino thousand three hundred and
four bushels of wheat. But it helped to feed our in-
ternal commerce, made up fifteen per cent, of our
foreign export of this articl e, and increased the busi-
ness of our millers—since the figures show that what
we imported as wheat we exported chiefly as flour.
Besides, sectional benefits resulted, for the price of
wheat was rendered uniform in all accessible parts
of the country. On the other hand, the price of flour
was somewhat reduced to the people of the northern
States, who received a portion of their supplies by
our cheap freight routes, while the American mer-
chants and forwarders enjoyed tho benefit of the
trade with the maritime provinces, which consume
annually about tho same quantity of breadstuff's
which we export to the States. _ In 1863, the lower
provinces ifuported from the United States flour and
wheat to tho extent of three millionsixhundred and
fifteen thousand two hundred and thirty-two bushels;
our exp'orts to the States being, as above given,
three million eight hundred and fifty thousand.
44 Looking now at the coarser grains, we perceive
tha't wc exported $2,260,438 worth of barley and rye,
while wo imported only $75,793 worth. Similarly the
exports to the United States of oats amounted to
$2,097,688; tho imports to but $17,637. But on the
other hand, wo imported Indian corn to the value of
$975,014, and exported only $39,807 worth. Thus we
see that the treaty has had the beneficial effect of
enabling the farmeisof Canada and the "United States
to use their lands in raising just that kind ofproduce
for which their soil and climate arc best adapted;
the Canadians growing oats and barley, the Ameri-
cans corn. Tho consumer has consequently had the
advantage of cheaper prices than if the farmers of
Illinois had been driven to raise oats, an$ those of
Canada corn. So with animals. We exported live
animals worth $2,390,799, inporting to the extent of
$520,835; but we imported meats worth $1,238,923, and
exported only to the extent of $256,527. The Cana-
dian farmer, who grows oats, breeds horses and cat-
tlo; and tho American, who grown corn, converts it
into pork."
I do not fear that Canadian manufacturers
will have any advantages, for the supply of
the American market above our facilities for
reaching and holding the Canadian market.
The rates of labor will constantly be rendered
uniform by the migration of the people; the
currency will soon be of the same standard;
while the organization of our manufacturing
industry at great centers of cooperation win
long prevent successful competition. lheieaa-
ing argument for a protective tariff, ft,crowded
labor supply, has as'fair application to Canada,
and I fail to see any good reasons for restnc-
