THE CONGRESS-IONAL GLOBE.
m
to notice my own official conduct touching this
matter of impeachment, know well that I kept
myself back, and endeavored to keep others
back from rushing madly on to this conflict
between the people and their President. The
Senate, also aciing in the same spirit, gave him
this notice that he might retrace his steps and
thereby save the institutions of the country the
peril of this great shook. But no; it was need-
ful that he should illustrate the old Pagan rule,
" Whom the gods would destroy they first
make mad."
I return to the question of the validity of
this law, with the simple statement that by the
text of the Constitution, as I have already read
it in the hearing of the Senate, it is provided
that all appointments not otherwise provided
for iti the Constitution shall be made by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. It
necessarily results, as Mr. Webster said, from
this provision that the removing power is in-
cident to the appointing power unless other-
wise provided by law. 1 have shown to the
Senate that this removing power has never
been otherwise exercised, from the First Con-
gress to this hour, except in obedience to the
express provisions of law ; that the act of
1789 authorized the removal, that the act of
1795 authorized the temporary appointment.
I add further that I have argued in the presence
of the Senate the effect of that provision of the
Constitution that the President shall have
power to fill up all vacancies which may happen
during the recess of the Senate by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of
their next session, which by necessary impli-
cation means, and means nothing else, that
he shall not create vacancies, without the
authority of law, during the session of the Sen-
ate, and fill them at his pleasure without the
consent of the Senate.
I have but one word further to add in support
of the constitutionality of this law, and that is
the express grant of the Constitution itself that
the Congress shall have power "to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper,"
interpreting that word ''proper1' in the language
of Marshall himself, in the greatcase of McCul-
loch vs. Maryland, as being "adapted to,"
"shall have power to make all laws necessary
and adapted to carrying into execution" "all"
the "powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States or in any
department or officer thereof." I think that
grant of power is plain enough, and clear
enough to sanction the enactment of the tennrc-
of-oliice act, even admitting, if you please, that
the power of removal and appointment, subject
to the law of Congress, was conferred upon the
President, which I deny, there is a grant of
power that the Congress may pass all laws
necessary and proper to regulate every power
granted under this Constitution to every officer
thereof. Is the President of the United States
"an officer thereof?" 1 do not stop, Senators,
to argue the proposition further, but refer to
an authority in 4 Webster's Works, 199, in
which he recognized the same principle, most
distinctly and clearly, that it is competent for
the Congress of the United States to regulate
this very question by law; and I add that the
Congresses of the United States, from the First
Congress to this hour, have approved the same
thing by their legislation. That is all there is
of that question. The law, 1 take it, is valid
enough, and will remain valid lorever, if its
validity is to depend upon a judgment of re-
versal by the Senal e that twice passed it under
the solemn obligations of their oaths.
Something has been said here about a con-
tinued practice of eighty years. I have said
enough on that subject, I think, to answer,
fully answer, all that was said by tbe learned
counsel for the President. T have shown that
the act of 1789, by the interpretation and con-
struction of one of the first men of America,
Mr. Websier, did really by direct operation
separate the removing from the appointing
power and was itself a grant of power. 1 have
said already, and have shown to the Senate,
that the Constitution confers that power upon
the Senate. Then there is no practice of
eighty years adverse to this tenure-of-office
act; so that I need say no further word on
that subject, but leave it there.
All the acts from 1789 down to 1867 bear
witness of one thing, and that is that the Con-
gress of the United States have full power
under the Constitution by law to confer upon
the President the power of temporary or per-
manent removal or withhold it. That is pre-
cisely what they establish, and I stand upon it
here as a Representative of the people, prose-
cuting for the people these articles of impeach-
ment, and declare here, this day, upon my
conscience, and risk what reputation I may
have in this world upon the assertion that the
whole legislation of this country from 1789 to
1867 together, bears'one common testimony to
the power of the Congress to regulate by law
the removal and appointment of all officers
within the general limitation of the Constitu-
tion of the supervisory power of the Senate.
Why, the act of 1789, as Webster said, con-
ferred upon the President the power of removal
and thereby separated it from the power of
appointment of which it was a necessary inci-
dent and subjected this country to great abuses.
The act of 1795, on the other hand, gave him
power to make certain temporary appoint-
ments, limited, however, to six mouths for any
one vacancy, thereby showing that it was no
power under the Constitution and beyond the
limitations and the restrictions of law.
The act of 1803 limited and restricted liim
to certain heads of Departments and other
officials of the Government, as did also the act
of 1789. If the President of the United States
has this power by force of the Constitution,
independent of law, pray tell me, Senators,
how it comes that the act of 1789 limited and
restricted him to the chief cleik of that De-
partment, how it comes that the act of 1795
limited and restricted him to the period of six
months only, for any one vacancy? If, as is
claimed in this answer, he had the power of
indefinite removal and therefore the power of
indefinite appointment, how comes it that the
act of 186S limited him to certain officials of
the Government and did not leave him at lib-
erty to choose from the body of the people. I
waste no further words on the subject. I con-
sider the question fully closed and settled. All
the legislation shows the power of the Presi-
dent to be subject to the limitations of the
Constitution and subject to the further limita-
tion of such enactments as the Congress may
make, which enactments must bind him, as
they bind everybody else, whether he approves
thern or not, until they shall have been duly
reversed by the courts of the United States or
repealed by the people's Representatives in
Congress assembled.
I may be pardoned, Senators, having gone
over hastily in this way the general facts in
this case, for saying that the President's decla-
rations are here interposed to shield him from
his manifest guilt under the first three, the
eighth, and the eleventh articles in this matter
of removal and appointment during the session
of the Senate. These declarations of the Pres-
ident are declarations after the fact. Most of
them were excluded by the Senate, and most
properly, in my judgment, excluded by the
Senate. Some of them were admitted. I do
not regret it. It shows that the Senate were
willing even to resolve a doubtful question, or,
if it were not a doubtful question, to relax the
rules of evidence in the exercise of their dis-
cretion, to see what explanation the Chief
Executive could possibly give for his con-
duct, and allow him, contrary to ail the rules
of evidence, to be a witness in his own case,
and that, too, not under the obligations of an
oath. They introduced his declarations. They
amount to no more than that to which I have
referred already, that it was his purpose in
violating the lav/ to really test its validity in
the courts, whenever, of course, he got read3'
to test it. That is all there was of them.
There was nothing more of the declarations of
the President as introduced bv him in this
trial._ If that can beany possible excuse in
the light of the fact to which I have before
referred, that it was simply impossible for him
to test the question in the courts in the form
in which he himself put the'question, thefe is
an end of it. There is no use in pressing the
matter any further, and I dismiss it with this
additional remark, that he had no right, Ho
colorable right, to challenge in that way tie
laws of a free people and suspend their exuda-
tion until it should suit his pleasure to test
their validity in the courts of justice. '
But, Senators, what more is there? He is
charged here with conspiracy, and conspiracy
is proved upoih him by his letter of authority to
Thomas and Thomas's acceptance unde'r his
own hand, both of which papers are before the
Senateand in evidence. What is a conspiracy ?
A simple agreement between two or more per-
sons to do ati unlawful act, either with or with-
out force, and the offense is complete the
moment the agreement is entered into. That
is to say, the moment the mind of feach assents
to the guilty proposition to do an unlawful act,
conspiracy is complete, and the parties are
then and there guilty of a misdemeanor. It is
a misdemeanor at the common law; it is
a misdemeanor under the act of 1801; it is a
misdemeanor under the act of 1831. It is a
misdemeanor for which Andrew Johnson and
Lorenzo Thomas are both indictable after this
proceeding shall have closed; and it is a mis-
demeanor an indictment for which would be
worth no more than the paper upon which it
would be written until after this impeachment
shall have closed and the Senate shall have
pronounced the righteous judgment of guilty
upon this offender of your laws, and for a very-
simple reason. *
Senators, it is written in your Constitution
that the President shall have power to grant
reprieves and pardons for all—not some, but
all—offenses against the United States save in
cases of impeachment. Indict Lorenzo Thomas
to-morrow for his misdemeanor in that he eon-
spired with Andrew Johnson to violate the law
of the United States, in that he conspired with
him to prevent, contrary to the "act to regu-
late the tenure of certain civil offices," Edwin
M. Stanton from forthwith resuming the func-
tions of his office upon the refusal of the Sen-
ate to concur in his suspension; and all that
is wanting is for Andrew Johnson, with a mere
wave of his hand, to issue a general pardon
and dismiss the proceeding. 1 say again this
is the tribunal of the people in which to try
this great offender, this violator of oaths, of
the Constitution, and of the laws.
Saythegentlemen,thatisavery little offense ;
you might forgive that. The pardoning power
does not happen to be conferred npoii the
Senate, and this tender and tearful appeal to
the Senate on the ground of its being a little
thing does not amount to very much. But, say
the gentlemen, you have also charged him,
under the act of 1861, with having conspired
with Lorenzo Thomas, in the onecount by lurce,
in the other by threat and intimidation, to work
out the same result, to prevent the execution
of the laws and to violate their provisions. So
we have, and we say that he is clearly proved
guilty. How? By the confession chiefly of
his coconspirator. I have said the conspiracy
is established by the written letter of authority
and by the written acceptance of that letter of
authority by Thomas. The conspiracy is es-
tablished, and the conspiracy being established,
I say that the declarations of his coconspirator,
made in the prosecution of the common design,
are evidence against them both. And in sup-
port of that I refer the Senate to the case of
the United States vs. Cole, 5 McLane's United
States Circuit Court Reports :
"Where prima facie evidence has been given of a
combination the acts or confessions of one are evi-
dence against all." # * * < "It is reason-
able that where a body of men assume the attribute
of individuality, whether for commercial business or
for the commission of a crime, that tbe association
should be bound by the acts of one of its members
in carrying out the design."
You hovp the testimony of the declaration of
