3480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
the importance of the question of distilled
spirits in the economy of exportation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let me say that it is for
those who favor the exportation of alcohol to
devise a method, after the internal tax has been
paid, where the property has been really used
in business or for the purposes of exportation,
so they can get their money back. Last night
those of us who desired to carry out the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
tried to get over the point of the destruction
of that business by introducing a system of
drawbacks, and nearly all the gentlemen in
favor of this system of exportation fought it,
and it was defeated by their votes. If, then,
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
operates harshly in regard to this thing, it is
the fault of the gentlemen who last night
refused to accept any amendment which enti-
tled them to receive back any portion of the
tax after the distilled spirits have actually been
exported.
My object is to meet this question fairly.
There is no necessity lor these sections of the
bill if the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa is adopted. From what 1 have seen they
are only a portion of the machinery. I would
trust the question of machinery to the chair-
man, as to have discussion in the House after
the priueiple has been established.
Now, sir, if gentlemen who believe with us
and are in favor of theamendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, desire in good faith to
export distilled spirits, let. them prepare such
a system as will return the tax after the article
is exported in good faith, and I will vote for it.
We tried to do it last night, but it was not sat-
isfactory. If they will do it I will vote for it.
We of the West are not for striking down any
portion of the industrial interests of this coun-
try. We have as large a stake in this country
as the gentleman from Massachusetts, and we
are forgiving free scope and encouragement to
the business and commerce of the country.
When he insinuates we struck it down 
Mr. BUTLER. I did not insinuate it—I
said it.
Mr. JUDD. When he says we struck down
the export trade, he presents us in an attitude
before the House and country I, for one, will
not submit to it if L can help it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I have no
doubt thespeech of my friend from Illinois was
made in all seriousness, but it isabout as funny
a thing as I have ever listened to. Here are
two systems. [ was disposed to stand up in
favor of the system of transportation and ex-
portation, sufficiently guarded, as I think, but
on the other side it was thought safer and bet-
ter that distilled spirits, in every form and for
every purpose, must have the tax prepaid at
the distillery. The gentleman says they have
prevailed over us, and now they want us to fix
up the machinery for them. Now, a system of
drawbacks was offered last night, i think
about drawbacks as these gentlemen do about
transportation in bond. Having carried their
point, that distilled spirits intended for export-
ation must have the tax prepaid, it seems to
me they should go further and renew their
proposition of drawbacks, or m some way op-
erate the bill on their plan. Therefore it is an
amusing proposition, really, as presented by
the gentleman from Illinois, that it becomes
our bounden duty to furnish the machinery for
their plan.
I desire now to say that I was perhaps not
clearly understood when up before, when I
objected to the proposition made by my col-
league, [Mr. Garfield.] He proposed that
these sections, four or five of which are of
no use now upon the decision made by the
committee, should be kept open for amend-
ment. That I objected to. I was about to
suggest that if the committee will adopt that
proposition the Committee of Ways and Means
have no amendment to offer. But I prefer
the proposition made by my colleague on the
committee for saving time, that by unanimous
consent we withdraw these sections or pass
them over with the understanding—of which,
however, I have not much hope from what I have
seen—that if tlie plan proposed by the gentle-
man from Iowa and others, to be established
by his amendment, prevails, then these sections
shall be stricken out; but if it does not pre-
vail, then these sections may be voted on as
they stand in the bill. It will save a great
deal of time.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows of no
way in which the object can be reached except
by considering the sections as stricken out.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment of
my colleague. I desire to say a word on this
question. It probably will be the last time I
siia.ll trouble the committee with any discussion
of this point. I offered an amendment last
night which was voted down. I had no oppor-
tunity to reply to the chairman of the commit-
tee or to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I take this occasion to say now that in my judg-
ment fair treatment of all propositions is the
best policy if we desire to come to a rational
understanding. It will not do 10 undertake to
change gentlemen's opinions in reference to
collecting the tax on whisky at the distillery by
shaking a quart cup at them. Nor will it do
for the gentleman from Massachusetts to
undertake to change gentlemen's opinions
about the propriety of arranging a drawback
by offering an amendment saying it shall not
amount to more than all the revenues of the
Government. That may be a very good way
of discussing a question, but it has very little
argument in it.
Now, I propose to answer the statement of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
last night, while fighting my proposition. It
was so remarkable and so perfectly absurd that
I take this occasion to answer it. My propo-
sition was that the drawback system should
only be allowed on the number of gallons
exported, and that they should only have a
return of fifty cents after evidence taken at the
port of exportation and of arrival, and sub-
mitted to the entire satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The gentleman said that
was opening a wider door for fraud than by any
other system. Now let us see. Our export-
ation of rum and alcohol amounts to from three
to five million gallons. Now, will any man
say to a sensible body of people that there is
a greater door open to fraud where there are
only lour or five million gallons exported than
there is where you provide for the transport-
ation of ail distilled spirits from Maine to Cali-
fornia, amounting to a hundred million gallons?
I ask gentlemen to reflect a moment and tell
me if there is likely to be more fraud in the
exportation of five million gallons than in the
transportation of one hundred million?
Mr. 110OPE 11, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me, I will admit there is
more chance for fraud in reference to one hun-
dred million gallons than in reference to five
million ; but I believe if this drawback system
is adopted your exportation would amount to
from twenty to fifty million gallons within a year
or two.
Mr. LOGAN. Yery well; then to satisfy
the gentleman we will limit it. There was
never yet exported more than five million gal-
lons from the country, but we can limit it and
provide some way by which the door shall be
closed. But do not let gentlemen, because
they have wedded themselves to a particular
section of a bill, because it is their own child
and is like themselves in feature, perhaps,
when anybody else offers a proposition here,
undertake to laugh it down. Now, sir, 1 say
that if gentlemen strike these provisions out of
the bill, and are not willing to provide any other
means, I will introduce a proposition that will
provide means for the saving of the export
trade. I will introduce the same proposition
that I did before, and the committee may guard
it as well as they have a mind to. You may
reduce your export to $5,000,000, as the gen-
tleman suggests, and then if you have to pay
drawback on every gallon when there shall not
be one exported you will make $30,000,000 by
it rather than to have transportation all over
this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Will gentlemen of the com-
mittee allow me to give them the quantity of
exports in 1866? From grain, five hundred
and three thousand one hundred and ninety-
six gallons ; from molasses, one million nine
hundred and ninety-three thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-four gallons. A little over two
million gallons were exported from tliis coun-
try in 186(3.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to the
amendment. It seems to me that the argument
presented here by the Committee of Ways and
Means and the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] that if drawback is allowed it
will open the door for immense frauds, is a
confession of weakness. It certainly is a con-
fession that the machinery presented by this
bill for the collection of the tax upon whisky
is very iuiperfcet. If it is so imperfect that
you are not sure that you will collect the tax
on whisky 1 ask gentlemen what sort of assur-
ance we may have, if you allow exportation
without payment of tax, that whisky will not go
upon the market through the same leaks and
imperfections. It may be, if gentlemen cannot
prepare a bill that makes the machinery perfect
enough to insure the collection of this tax, that
they have not ingenuity enough to provide for
the payment of drawback, and to secure the
Government against frauds. But it seems to
me that it would not tax the ingenuity of a
man much to do it, and I believe the gentleman
from Ohio can provide a section which shall
insure the Government, by requiring proof
that the whisky which it is sought to export has
paid a tax before the money is refunded. If a
man manufactures whisky at the distillery for
the purpose of exporting it he pays the tax
there, and it is easy to trace that whisky to the
seaport and to the foreign port, and to prove
its identity.
Mr. ALLISON. That is just what we do in
this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; that is
all we ask. Let the tax be paid at the dis-
tillery, and if your machinery is so perfect that
you can trace that identical whisky, where is
the chance to commit frauds on the Govern-
ment by drawback?
Mr. HARDING. Suppose it is transported
in bond to the rectifying establishment where
it is made into alcohol, how can the gentleman
say how many other barrels of illicitly distilled
whisky are mingled with it in the production
of alcohol, which alcohol goes out without any
new imposition of tax? If you will make
alcohol by continuous distillation at the dis-
tillery, and brand it there as tax-paid, you can
identify it at the port of exportation as easily
as you could a horse, and you cauuot do it in
any other way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was arguing on
the supposition that this bill provides sufficient
machinery to secure the collection of the tax
at the distillery warehouse. If the bill is not
sufficient for that purpose, it is good for noth-
ing. If it is sufficient for that purpose, then
it is sufficient to guard the Government against
frauds by drawback. You certainly can trace
the article anywhere and everywhere after it
has paid the tax. If the machinery of this bill
is not sufficient, if it is so imperfect that it
does not insure the collection of the tax on
whisky, then the Government is equally as
liable to be defrauded as if you allowed export-
ation without the payment of the tax. So if
you take either horn of the dilemma we are
equally at sea, and equally liable to be de-
fiauded. Now, I suppose the Committee of
Ways and Means, by proposing a reduction of
the tax to fifty cents per gallon, and by the
contrivances proposed by them and by this
Committee of the Whole to secure the collec-
tion of this tax, have acted upon the presump-
tion that the Government will be able to secure
the whole or nearly the whole of it.
Mr. ALLISON. I now ask that, in order
