48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
that the time is not distant when the national
currency shall he equal to gold, dollar for dol-
lar ; and then these creditors will be further
rewarded by being reimbursed with money at
par tor the depreciated currency they loaned
the Government in her time of need.
The Secretary tells us that " liberal subscrip-
tions were regarded as evidence of loyalty,"
and 1 ■ that they were paid for in a depreciated
currency was not the fault of the subscribers."
To both of these propositions I readily accede:
but would their loyalty be outraged, or would
it be a fault in the borrower, if their loans were ,
returned to them in that same currency, if such
was the contract? j
If these loans of a "depreciated currency -
were reallv made with the u distinct understand-
ing," as the Secretary asserts, that they were
to be returned, principal and interest, in coin,
it goes much further to prove financial shrewd-
ness on the part of the lender than his loyalty ,
and patriotism. i
Under the act of March 3, 1863, and the
supplementary act of March 3,1864, the Secre- I
tary of the Treasury was authorized to issue j
the ten-forty bonds, and to make them redeem- j
able, principal and interest, in coin. _ The
^amount of this description of bonds, issued
under this authorization, and still outstanding,
is believed to be less than two hundred millions.
The Secretary's authority, in the laws referred
to, went only to the issuance of the bonds, he
had no discretion as to the character of the
money in which they shall be made redeemable.
The advocates of the theory that all other
bonds of the Government are likewise payable
in coin will not contend that the same state of
facts exists in reference to the five-twenties.
The utmost that can be claimed for any of these
is that the Secretary had discretion to make
them payable in coin or in other lawful money.
Without conceding, except for the argument,
that he had such discretion, it may well be
claimed that he has exercised that discretion
and exhausted his authority in the premises by
actually making them payable in the lawful
money of the United States. Had he made
them, on their face, payable in coin they would
not have been so in fact unless the law under
which they were issued contained the authority.
The law is a part of the contract, and by it all
the world is put upon the notice as to the ex-
tent of the authority of the Secretary, who is
but the agent of the Government, and can only
bind it within the scope of his authority.
Let us now refer to the several laws relating
to this subject, to the end, that we may ascer-
tain, if possible, theextentof the Government's
obligation. The act of July 17, 1861, and the
act supplementary thereto of August 5, 1861,
under which $189,155,650 in bonds had been
issued up to the last of May, 1805 ; the act
of February 25, 1862, under which, prior to the
same date, May 81, 1865, $514,780,500 had
been issued ; and the act of June 30, 1864,
under which, within the same time, $90,789,000
in bonds had been issued, will all be searched
in vain to find the least authority for discharg-
ing the principal of the debts created by them
in other or different currency from that pro-
vided'for the payment of all other obligations
"public or private, except, of course, duties
on imports and interest on the public debt,"
and the principal of the ten-forty bonds.
In addition tothebondsabovedescribed,there
had been issued, before the month of June, 1865,
under the law of March 3, 1863, $75,000,000
in bonds payable in 18S1, and bearing inter-
est at six per cent, but whether the principal
of them was dischargeable in coin like the ten-
forties issued under the same law, or whether
like the other bonds they were redeemable in
lawful money, does not appear. But since
there was no authority in the law of 1883 to
make other than coin bonds it is presumed
they are of that class, though bearing six per
cent, interest and payable in eighteen years.
Leaving these out of the calculation there was
on the last of May, 1865, of this five-twenty
class of indebtedness only $794,725,150.
The Senator from Vermont, in his ealcula-
j tion on yesterday, makes the sum of these five-
' twenties issued prior to 1865 only a little over
six hundred and ninety millions. But he pos-
sibly excludes from his figures the $50,000,000
and the $139,000,000 issued under the acts of
1861, and includes the 975,000,000 ot the 1863
issue. Clearly, 1 am within the facts when I
say there was not to exceed $794,725,150 in
five-twenty bonds in June, 1865.
This was some time after the war had ended
and when retrenchment should have begun,
but nevertheless by changing debtbearing inter-
est in lawful money and debt bearing no interest
into debt bearing interest in coin, this descrip-
tion of indebtedness has been more than dou-
bled. It has grown in these two years and a half
from less than eight hundred million dollars
to upward of sixteen hundred million dollars.
Had this taken place daring the exigencies of
the war, it would have been of a jriece with the
many other desperate schemes of those times,
but it is difficult to detect the wisdom of that
financiering which adds a large amount, per-
haps twelve or fifteen millions, to our anuual
interest debt in time of peace, and when it could
have been avoided. This remark is intended to
apply not more to the honorable Secretary
than to the legislation which conferred upon him
the authority, indicated the course, and gave
the discretion. The law of March 3, 1865,
under which most of these conversions have
taken place, and under which they are now
going on, expressly provides that—
"Any Treasury notes, or other obligations bearing
interest, issued under any act of Congress, may, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and with
the consent of the holder, be converted into any de-
scription of bonds authorized by this act."
f And it is contended that the bonds author-
ized by that act are payable, not only interest in
gold, but principal also. The clause, if any,
from which this construction is deduced reads
as follows:
"And the interest on such bonds shall be payable
semi-annually; and on Treasury notes authorized
by this act the interest may bo made, payable semi-
annually ®r annually at maturity thereof; and tho
principal, or interest, or both, may bo made payable
in coin or in other lawful money."
The latter part of this sentence, in which
the word " coin" occurs, relates to the Treas-
ury notes, the description of securities last
before mentioned; and sach is evidently the
opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, for in
his recent report ( page 33) he declares that—
" The acts of March 3, 1863, and March 3, 1864, are
the only acts which state expressly that the bonds to
be issued under them shall be payable in coin."
On the following page, after referring to the
act of February 25, 1862, he adds that—
" Subsequently allinterest-bearins notes wero made
payable in lawful mone^, but no change was made
in the form of the obligation of the bonds. Thus the
seven and three tenth notes issued after that date,
the five per cent, notes, and the compound-interest
notes wero made payable in lawful money, while the
bonds, not being so made payable, have been recog-
nized by Congress, by the Treasury Department, and
by the people as payable only in coin."
Here I must be allowed to controvert these
assertions. Congress has made no such rec-
ognition, except as to the ten-forty bonds.
Congress could make no such recognition,
: unless by enactment or resolution, and in
j neither way have they done it. The Secretary
supports this part of his assertion by citing the
j speeches of individual members of Congress
j rather than their solemn acts, and the Senator
! from Vermont falls into the same line of argu-
! ment. They both quote from the voluminous
| Congressional Globe instead of from the Stat-
! utes-at-Large.
If the "Treasury Department" has recog-
i nized these five-twenty bonds as payable only
j in coin it does not so appear from anything
I that has been done by the Secretary himself,
or the Assistant Secretary, or the Treasury
j[ agent within the line of the legitimate duty of
I each. Nor does it appear wherein or on what
j; occasion the people have jfiven in their recog-
! nition of this new idea touching the fi ve-twenty
jj bonds. The people have not yet recognized
j those bonds as payable, principal as well as
h interest, in gold, unless we shall have estab-
lished our credit, and are paying gold when
they shall be presented for payment near the
end of this century. But if within the scope
of the law of 1865 the interest and the princi-
pal of those bonds is included, then both the
bonds and the notes " mny bo made payable
in coin or in other lawful money that is to
say, in either, at the option of the payer. But if
the Secretary has it in his discretion to make
the bonds and the notes both payable in the
one description of money, that is, in coin only,
he must needs in some manner indicate the
exercise of that discretion ; and if it does not
appear upon the face of the" bonds that they
are redeemable in coin they must be taken as
payable in any "lawful money." Again, if
the word coin is applicable to both bonds and
notes, and the Secretary, having the discre-
tion, should so exercise it as to make any
portion payable in coin, it would necessarily
! extend to all; for the words "principal or
interest" apply to Treasury notes as well as to
bonds, and not to the one to the exclusion of t he
! other. The principal of these Treasury notes
has never been made payable in coin ; neither
can the principal of the bonds, which are issued
under the same law with them, be made so
payable.
The holders of them have no right at this
time to demand a declaration from Congress
that they shall be redeemed " in coin or its
equivalentand unless we shall have reached
a specie basis before they fall due, it would
be most unreasonable in them to expect the
Government to sell its depreciated securities
to bay coin in order to return to them gold
dollars for the depreciated paper dollars which
they loaned. Their interest thev will punctu-
ally receive in coin and the principal likewise,
if twenty years hence, when the demands are
payable, we canraise the coin, and who doubts
that we can ?
If it was unsound policy to convert our non-
interest-bearingdebt and debt-bearing interest
in currency into bonds with interest payable
in coin, how much more unsound will it be to
convert the principal of that debt, which is
payable in lawful money, into a debt wholly
payable in coin. To do this while a dollar in
coin is worth in the market one dollar and
forty cents in paper money, would be in effect
adding temporarily, and perhaps indefinitely,
forty per cent, to that debt. This can be of no
advantage to anybody; not even to the bond-
holder himself. The bare proclamation of
this fact, instead of enhancing the value of his
chattel, will in my judgment produce the oppo-
site effect. It must inevitably postpone the
time of oar arrival at a specie basis, and as a
consequence the day when these bonds will be
paid in gold—a day which is sure to come if
we permit it, but equally sure to elude every
attempt like this to force it.
The opinion of the mover of this resolution
as to the effect it will have upon the public
credit differs from my own as widely as the
zenith from the nadir. In my judgment a
more direct step toward repudiation could
not be taken. Instead of strengthening it
must surely undermine the public faith in the
proportion that it adds to our burdens.
It does not exactly,appear wherein this
mercurial thing called credit differs, whether
applied to a Government or an individual;
and is it not plain that the credit of an indi-
vidual, though solvent, might be utterly ruined
by the judgment of a competent tribunal,
that his business obligations, though not due
till years hence, were dischargeable "in coin
or its equivalent?" A similar effect must
follow any authoritative declaration by Con-
gress that these public securities must be paid
in coin or its equivalent.
The public faith, like private credit, is vul-
nerable, and even now languishes under the
wounds inflicted by the rebellion. At one
time it waS so far depressed that our most
solemn promises passed currently for less than
forty cents on the dollar of gold. The pay-
ment of the principal in specie was not then
discussed nor scarcely thought of. Tho chief
solicitude was how to avoid so great a volume
