2456
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May I4i
the race that the negroes,did not obtain dis-
tinction in that way.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a question?
Mr. ROBINSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Has the
gentleman himself recommended any colored
man for a brevet?
Mr. KOBINSON. No; because you would
not let any colored man be in a position where
lie could be breveted. They were to fight and
die, and you were to get the loaves and fishes
and honors.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that there were colored officers in the
first negro regiments. I ask the gentleman if
he ever recommended to Andrew Johnson to
brevet one of them? If he will do so, I will
sign such a recommendation with him.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think the recommend-
ation would not amount to anything, for the
nominations from one end of the avenue stand
no cliancc of confirmation at the other. I will
now read for the benefit of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomai.l] some extracts
from a history of the rebellion by Mr. Hc-
Pherson, another Pennsylvanian, (page 282,) in
relation to the conduct of the negroes during
the war: .
"A dispatoh from Charleston, dated January 1,
3861, from R. 33. Riordan to Hon. Porry Walker, at
Mobile, describes the preparations for war, and con-
tains this closing paragraph:
"' Large gangs of negroes from plantations aro ut
work on the redoubts, which aro substantially mado
of sand-bags and ooatod with shoot-iron.'"
A Washington dispatch to the Evening Post
says:
"A gentleman from Charleston says that every-
thing there betokens activo preparations for fight.
The thousand negroes busy in building batteries, so
far from inclining to insurrection, wero grinning
from ear to ear at the prospect of shooting the Yan-
kees."
The Charleston Mercury of January 3, 1801,
announced—■
"We learn that one hundred and fifty able-bodied
free colored men of Charleston yesterday offered
their services gratuitously to the Governor to hasten
forward the important work of throwing up redoubts
wherever needed along our coast."
In April, 1861, the Republican, published
in Lynchburg, Virginia, announced—■
" We learn that about seventy of the most respeet-
ablo free negroes in this city Uavo enrolled them-
selves, and design tendering their services to the Gov-
ernor to act in whatever capacity may be assigned
them in defense of the State. Three cheers for the
patriotic free negroes of Lynchburg."
A letter in the Petersburg (Virginia) Ex-
press, dated at Norfolk, April 23, 18G1, says:
"The negroes in alI this section of the country,
slave and free, are as loya! as could be desired. I'hey
freely proffer theirservices to the 8r,ate and zealously
contend for the privilege of being allowed to work
on the batteries. Yesterday General Bwynn declined
the services of three hundred irom Hampton who
solicited employment on the batteries, and twice and
thrice that number could be obtained in this city and
vicinity in a single day, if it was thought advisable
to accept them. Indeed the entire fortifications of
this harbor might be constructed by the voluntary
labor of negroes, who would claim no higher reward
than the privilege of being allowed to contribute
their share toward the defenso of the State and the
protection of their masters and mistresses, who had
always extended a sheltering hand over them."
So I might go on reading from the work
which I hold in my hand—ilcPherson's His-
tory of the Rebellion—and show that the ne-
groes were singiug songs in the streets of the
southern cities and shouting what short work
they would make of the Yankee invaders. Yet
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Biioo.m-
all]—I do not know for what end—said yes-
terday that "no black man was ever found
willingly fighting in the ranks of the enemy."
Now, sir, I do not blame the negro for tak-
ing part in the rebellion. If there are any
men in the world whom I despise, they are the
men in the South who hid under beds and be-
hind petticoats when a fight was going on. The
southerners were fighting for a wrong idea,
but one in which they heartily believed; and
the negroes, like other men in similar circum-
stances, flocked to their standard, fought with
them, and would have conquered with them,
had that been possible.
Mr. Speaker, when I arose I intended to
make some remarks with reference to the
absorption of all the powers of the Govern-
ment in Congress. The executive and the
judicial branches of our Government have been
pretty nearly reduced to nothingness. And,
sir, an illustration occurs to me. When, dur-
ing the riots in the city of New York, that gal-
lant Irishman and Democrat, Captain O'Brien,
in defending the stars and stripes, was struck
down by the mob—a mob almost as savage as
a radical mob—he appeared to be dead, the
blood gushing from his mouth and nostrils;
but the mob watched to see whether there was
breath enough in his body to raise a bubble
about his face ; and whenever the slightest sign
of lingering life appeared the big boot of some
brutal fellow struck him again in the face so
as to insure his death. And, sir, I have fre-
quently been reminded of this when I have
seen the blows dealt by the Radical party at the
executive branch of our Government. When
this, one of the most honored parts of our
institutions, has, by virtue of repeated blows,
lain apparently lifeless, this party has watched
for the slightest bubbling of breath, and if any
appeared has dealt another and more deadly
blow to guard against any lingering of life.
This party has invaded also the judiciary
department, the Supreme Court of the United
States. If a judge ventured to whisper an
opinion antagonistic to the party in power a
committee has been appointed to investigate
the matter and take measures for his impeach-
ment. And when that gallant soldier, whose
sword during the battles of the late war shook
more glory irom its flashing blade than any of
all the others who poured their beams upon
the battle-fields from the beginning to the end
of the war—the soldier whose sword was the
lightning (lash dancing through and illuminat-
ing the thunder-cloud of war—dared to express
an opinion which was patriotic, this House
jumped like the murderers of O'Brien to kick
the life out of him. Whenever there is any
sign of life in favor of the old Constitution
this party eagerly steps forward to crush it out.
What will be the next step? The executive
and the judicial departments, both of which
were designed by the creators of our Govern-
ment to be checks upon the legislative will,
have been annihilated. These departments
were formed for the very purpose of being
checks or obstructions upon the power of Con-
gress. So were the two Houses formed to be
checks upon each other. IJow long will it be
till the Senate shall receive the attack of the
Radical party as an obstruction to the will of
the people's more direct Representatives?
It was not supposed that anybody wotdd be
so wild as to say they would remove the cheek,
take off the "drag" from the Democratic
coach, and let it sweep down hill into a wild
carnival of Radicalism. But this Radical spirit
will not pause on the destruction of the exec-
utive, judicial, and other balances of our insti-
tutions. The infuriated animal which once
tastes blood thirsts for more; when this Radi-
calism has absorbed the executive and judiciary
the Senate may prepare itself as the next
victim.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 supposed I had more
time. I have only answered objections, and
was proceeding to more important matters
which I wish to discuss concerning the southern
States, and which must now be reserved for
some other occasion.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I suppose it
is too much to ask the majority of this House,
as it is now our usual hour for adjournment, to
let this question go over until to-morrow, when
I should much prefer to say what I have to say
than now. I do not want more than half an
hour.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let us
go on for half an hour this evening. It is now
only four o'clock. *
Mr. PRDYN. I should like to have ten
minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. I will give them to the gen-
tleman out of my time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand there was any formal
understanding that the vote should be taken
to-morrow after the reading of the Journal, or
that the previous question should be called this
evening. When that was proposed the gentle-
man from New York stated that any sueh ar-
rangement was not with the consent of his side
of the House. . ,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. When
the gentleman from New York is through I will
call for the previous question, and the vote can.
be taken in the morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman from New \ork will yield to me, 1
will move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Pending the adjournment,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a list
of clerks appointed since April 1, by whom
recommended, &c.; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
And then (at four o'clock and five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The remonstrance of
A. Kilbourn and 4 others, citizens of Glasten-
burg, Connecticut, against the erection of a
railroad bridge over the Connecticut river at
Middletown and Portland.
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of Mary
E. Berry and Louisa Berry, asking for increase
of pension.
Also, a memorial of Joseph A. Rhoneberg,
accompanied by draft of a bill, asking for
relief.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Jay A.
Ilubbell, II. McKenzie, C. E. Raymond, and
1G0 others, of Lake Superior, praying Con-
gress for an appropriation to deepen the chan-
nel of the Sault Ste. Marie river between Lake
Superior and Lake Huron so as to admit tho
passage of large class vessels.
By Mr. GARFIELD : Thepetition of Henry
Russell, praying that he may be allowed to
continue to occupy a house at Harper's Ferry
belonging to the United States.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The remonstrance of
Colonel Edwin Jenny, Lieutenant Colonel J.
M. Gere, and other officers who were in the
Union service during the late rebellion, against
Congress passing laws as to the commutation
of servants' wages, now before the Supreme
Court.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 14, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by Rev. George P. Van Wyok, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
JUDGMENTS OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, iu com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, state-
ments of judgments obtained in the Court of
Claims and paid by the Treasury Department,
the_ amount of each judgment, when paid, &c. ;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
IOWA AND MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1064) to extend
the limits of certain land grants in Iowa and
Minnesota ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
