398
SUPPLEMENT TO
tl>is coconspirator. He was conversing with
friends; and it is for the Senate to determine
whether he was not invoking the aid of friends
in the prosecution of this common design. He
told one friend that in two or three days he
would kick the Secretary of War out; he told
that other friend, Dr. Burleigh, who visited his
house, to come upon to-morrow morning, "and
if the doors are closed I will break them down."
It was inviting a friend of his own to be there,
in case of need, to render him assistance and
cooperation. There is something further, how-
ever, in this evidence of the purpose to employ
force. In the examination (page 440 Impeach-
ment Record) of this coconspirator he is asked
in regard to the papers of the Department:
"Did you afterward hit upon a scheme by which
you might £et possession o! the papers without get-
tin? possession of the building?
" An&uyer. Y es, sir.
"Question. And that was by getting an order of
General Grant?
" Ansroer. Yes 
"Mr. Evarts. He has not stated what itwas.
i By Mr. Manager Butler :
l* Question. Did you write such an order?
"Answer. X wrote the draft of a letter; yes, and
gave it to tho President.
^ Queation. Did you sign it?
" Answer. X signed it.
"Question. And left it with the President for
his; 
Answer. For his consideration.
" Question, When was that?
'Answer. The letter is dated the 10th of March."
After lie was impeached, defying the power
of the people to check him, lie left the letter
with the President for his consideration.
„ Hion. Xhat was the mornins: after you told
Karsner you were going to kick him out?
" Answer. That was the morning after.
( Question. And you carried that letter?
Answer. I had spoken to tlio President before
about that ma* ter.
" Question. You did not tliftik any bloodshed would
come of that letter?
"Aimoer. None at all.
" Question. And the letter was to be issued as your
order?
|4 Answer. Yes.
" Question. And before you issued that order, took
that away to set hold ol the mails or paper?, you
thought it necessary to consult the President?
t Anmoer. Igavo that to him for his consideration.
Question. You did think it necessary to consult
the President, did you not?
4k viI had consulted him before."
Further on ho says :
M Question* They were published and notorious,
were they not I IJ ave you acted as Secretary of War
ad interim since ?
itAnstoer. 1 h  ve tfiven no order whatever.
Question. ^ That may not be all the action of a
heeretary ot War ml interim. Have you acted as
Seerotary of War ad inlet im t
1 have, in other lespeets.
Quotum. What other respect*?
^Anmovr. I have attended the councils.
' (Juchho,i. Cabinet meetings, you mean.
Answer. Cabinet meetings.
' Question. Havoyou been recognized as Secretary
oi^ War <td interim /
"Amicer, Ihavcbeen.
|| Question. Continually?
"Answer, Continually.
"Question. By tho President and the other mem-
bers of the Cabinet?
11-4/wwc/-. Yes, sir.
|| Question. Down tothe piesent houi ?
^Answer. Down to the present hour.
Question. All your action as Secretary of War ad
interim ha* been confined, has it not, to attending
Cabinet meetings ?
t Answer. It lias. I have given no order whatever.
Question. Have you given any advice to thel'res-
uleut'. You being one ot his constitutional advisers,
have you given him ndvice as to the duties of bis
olhce or the duties of yours?
"Answer. The ordinary conversation that takes
place ut meetings ot that kind. X do not know that
■Leave bun any particular advice.
'[ Question Did he ever call you in ?
' Aif.iv:-i. lie has asked me if I had any business
to lay oetore him several times.
" (Jnt:.jio:i. You never had any?
"Answer. 1 never had any except the case of the
note I proposed sending to General (J ran f.
" Ques-hoa. 1 want to myuirc a Utile further about
that. Ue did not a?ree to send that notice, did ho?
"/l/iiHvr. When I Hist spoke to him about it I told
him wnat the mode of getting possession ol the
J'--i'Ci -- was, to wi itc a note to General Grant to issue
an older calling upon the heads ot bureaus, as they
were military men, to send to me communications
deigned either lor the President or the Secretary
ot \Vai'. That was one mode.
" Qii'^tioa. What was the other mode vou sug-
gested?
A/two. The other mode would be to require the
mails to bo delivered from the city post ollice,
• (h<tr/n. nd lie told you to draw the ordei ?
.'i ;i.:n:/r. A0 ; he did not.
" Question. But you did?
"Answer. I did it of myself, after having this talk.
Question. Did ho agree to that suggestion of
yours ?
"Answer. He s.iid he would take it and put it on
his own desk, lie would think about it.
*( Question. When was that?
"tAnswer. On the 10th.
" Question. Has it been lyingthereeversince, as far
as_you know?
'^Answer. It has been.
" Question. He has been considering ever sinee on
that subject?
"Answer. I do not know what he has been doing.
' Question. Has he ever spoken to you oryou to him
about that order sinee ?
"Answer. Yes.
Question. When ?
" Answer. I may have mentioned it one day at the
council, and he said we had better let the matter rest
until after the impeachment."
A notice to the Senate that these two con-
federates and conspirators have been delib-
erately conferring together about violating,
not simply your tenure-of-office act, but your
act making appropriations for the Army of 2d
of March, 1867; that one of the conspirators
has written out an order for the very purpose
of violating the law, and the other conspirator,
seeing the handwriting upon the wall, and
apprehensive, after all, that tho people may
pronounce him guilty, concludes to whisper in
the ear of his coconspirator, "Let it rest until
after the impeachment." Give him, Senators,
a letter of authority, and he is ready, then, to
renew this contest and again sit in judicial
judgment upon all your statutes, and say that
lie has deliberately settled down in the convic-
tion that your law regulating the Army, fixing
the headquarters of its General in the capital,
not removable without the consent of the Sen-
ate, does nevertheless impair, in the language
of that argument made by Judge Curtis, cer-
tain rights conferred upon him by the Consti-
tution, and by his profound judicial judgment
he will come to the conclusion to set that aside,
too, and order General Grant to California or
to Oregon or to Maine, and defy you again to
try him. Senators, I trust you will spare the
people any such exhibition.
And now, Senators, it has been my endeavor
to finish all that I desire to say in this matter.
I hope, I know really, that I could finish all
that I have to say, if I were in possession of
my strength, in the course of an hour or an
hour and a half. It is now, however, past
four o'clock, and if the Senate should be good
enough to indulge me I shall promise not to
ask a recess to-morrow if it pleases Providence
to bring me here to answer further in the case
of the people against Andrew Johnson.
_ Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate,
silting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Wednesday, May G, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part ot the House of Representatives, and
Messrs. Evarts, Groesbeck, and Nelson, of
counsel for the respondent, appeared and took
the seats assigned to them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by ilr. E. 13. W asiiburne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted tothe
seats provided for them.
; The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
I the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was rend.
! _ The CHIEB1 JUSTICE. Senators will please
, give their attention. Mr. Manager Bixguam
j will resume the argumentin behalt of the House
j of Representatives.
i Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
! a!'J Senators, yesterday 1 had said nearly all
I that I desired to say touching the question of
j the power of the President under the legisla-
tion of the United States to control the exec-
utive offices of this Government. To the belter
understanding, however, of my argument, Sen-
ators, I desire to read the provisions of the
several statutes and toinsist in the presence of
the Senate that upon the law, as read by the
counsel for the President on this trial, the acts
of 1789 and of 1795 have ceased to be law, and
that the President can no more exercise author-
ity under them to-day than can the humblest
citizen of the land. I desire also, Senators,
in reading these statutes, to reaffirm the posi-
tion which I assumed yesterday with perfect
confidence that it would command the judgment
and assent of every Senator, to wit: that the
whole legislation of this country from the first
Congress in 1789 to this hour bears a uniform
wituess to the fact that the President of the
United States has no control over the exec-
utive officers of this Government, except such
control as is given by the text of the Constitu-
tion which 1 read yesterday, to fill up such va-
cancies as may occur during the recess of the
Senate with limited commissions to expire with
their next session, or such power as is given to
him by express authority of law. I care noth-
ing for the conflicting speeches of Representa-
tives in tho First Cougiess on this question. The
statutes of the country conclude them and con-
clude us, and conclude us well every officer of
this Government from the Executive down.
What, then, Senators, is the provision of
this act of 1789? 1 may be allowed, in pass-
ing, to remark—for i shall only read one of
them—that the act establishing the Depart-
ment for Foreign Affairs contains precisely
the same provision, word for word, as the act
of the same session establishing the Depart-
ment of War. The provision of the act of 1789
is this:
"Sec. 2. That there shall be in the said Depart-
ment an interior otiiecr, to be appointed by the said
principal otlicer, aud to be employed therein as he
shall deem proper, and to be called the chief clerli
oftheDepartmentot Foreign Affairs, and who, when-
ever the said principal otlicer shall be removed iioni
ollice by the President of the United States"—
Which I showed you yesterday, upon tke
authority of Webster, was a grant ol power
without which tho President could not have
removed him—
"or in any other case of vacancy, shall, during such
vacancy, have the clnn-ge and custody of all records,
books, and papers appellations to the said Depart-
nien t."
Standing upon that statute, Senators, and
standing upon the continued and unbrokeu
practice of eighty years, I want to know, us I
inquired yesterday, what practice shows that
this vacancy thus created by authority of the
act ot 1789 could be filled during the session
of the Senate by the appointment of a new
head to that Department without the consent
of the Senate as prescribed in the Constitu-
tion. No precedent whatever has been fur-
nished.
I said yesterday ail that I have occasion to
say touching the case of Pickering. I re-
marked yesterday, what 1 but repeat in pass-
ing, without delaying the Senate, that the va-
cancy was not filled without the consent of the
Senate, and that is the end of this unbroken
current of decisions upon which the gentlemen
rely to sustain this assumption of power on the
part of the accused President, it cannot avail
them. The act of 1789 excludes the conclusion
which they have attempted to impress upon the
minds of the Senate in defense of the Presi-
dent. The law restricts him to the chief clerk
If he had the power to fill the vacancy, why
this restriction? Could he override that law?
Could he commit the custody of the papers
and records of that Department, on the act of
1789, to any human being on earth duiing that
vacancy but the chief cierk, who was not ap-
pointed by him, but by the head of the Depart-
ment? There stands the law, and in the light
of that law the defense made by the President
turns to dust and ashes in the presence of the
Senate. 1 say no more upon that point, remind-
ing the Senate that the act of 1789 establish-
ing the War Department contains precisely
the same provision and imposes precisely the
