1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3481
to save time, sections fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-
three, and fifty-five be stricken out.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend that
motion by inserting what I send to the Clerk's
desk in place of the sections proposed to be
stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. Strictly speaking only
section' fifty-one is now under consideration.
The gentleman can move what he proposes as
a substitute for that section, and the question
upon striking out the other sections can be
determined when those sections shall have been
reached.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well; then I offer
what I have sent to the Clerk's desk as a substi-
tute for section fifty-one.
The substitute was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That a drawback shall be
allowed upon alcohol and rum exported to foreign
countries, on which taxes have been paid under the
provisions of this act, of which proof shall bo fur-
nished by the person exporting the same, under such
rules and regulationsas the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe. Before any drawback shall
be paid the exporter claimingdrawback shall furuWh
satisfactory proof that the article* exported have been
landed in a foreign country and sold, or consigned
for sale in such countiy; and the Commissioner of
Intel nal Revenue shall prescribe such rules and reg-
ulations as may be necessary to secure the Treasury
of the United States against fraud. The drawback
allowed shall include all the taxes levied and paid
upon the alcohol and rum exported, not, however,
oxceeding sixty cents per gallon of proof-spirits.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will add to my sub-
stitute the following from a proposition read
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. loganj
the other day:
Provided, however. That no claim for drawback
shall be allowed on either of the said articles which
shall have been expoited as aforesaid prior to the
time :it which this act shall take effect.
Sec. —. And be it fiLrther enacted, That if any per-
son or persons shall fraudulently claim or seek to
obtain an allowance of drawback on any article or
articles aforesaid, on which an internal tax shall have
been paid, or shall fraudulently claim any greater
allowance 01- drawback than the tax actually pa;d
thereon as aforesaid, such person or persons shall for-
feit and pay to the Government of the United States
tripiethe amount wrongfully or fraudulently sought
to be obtained; and on conviction thereof shall be
imprisoned in the penitentiary for a period not less
than one year nor more than ten years.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Upon the suggestion
of members of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I will modify my amendment so that
the rules and regulations in regard to this draw-
back shall be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury ami not by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; perhaps that would be better.
Now, I wish to say a few words to the Com-
mittee of the Whole in reference to this propo-
sition. As is very well known, I am in favor
of a system of transportation in bonds. I pro-
posed a plan of my own which did not meet
the approbation of the Committee of the Whole.
I next sustained, as well as I was able, the
proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means for a system of transportation in bond.
But the judgment of the Committee of the
Whole seems to be that there shall be no such
transportation in bond, but that the taxes upon
all distilled spirits shall be paid before the
article is removed from the distillery ware-
houses. I am unwilling that the export trade
in distilled spirits shall be broken up ; not
because the trade itself is of such importance to
the country as because of the fact that it is con-
nected with a large trade in domestic products,
cotton goods of various kinds, as a leading arti-
cle of export to the coast of Africa, to South
America, to the Indian ocean, and to other
parts of the world. The abolition of this trade
is not limited to the five millions of export
commerce in whisky or alcohol and mm : but
it is quadrupled, perhaps multiplied tenfold, or
soon will be, in connection with other trade
which cannot be successfully carried 011, if
this be abolished.
Although I think the drawback system the
least desirable of the three propositions which
have been presented to the committee, I still
cannot consent, after ascertaining the judg-
ment of the committee, that this branch of
trade shall be abolished without making one
more effort for its continuance under a draw-
back system pretty carefully guarded, as I
believe it is, in the amendment I have sub-
mitted.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
oppose the amendment. The drawback of
sixty cents now proposed is certainly too high,
if any drawback at all should beallowed, which
I very much doubt. In my judgment, if we
allow any drawback at all it should be a very
small one. By other provisions in this bill we
have cut off all right of removal of distilled
spirits from the West to the markets of the
East, where it is to be sold for home consump-
tion. The manufacturers of the West' can
store their whisky only in the distillery ware-
house, which must be upon the same lot as the
distillery. Our Kentucky manufacturer, who
never redistills, rectifies, or exports must keep
his whisky on hand in the distillery warehouse
at an immense expense for insurance, &e.
He is never allowed to remove it until the tax
has been paid. What we insist upon is that
no other person shall be allowed, under pre-
tense of export or anything else, to remove
whisky until the tax is paid. Letevery manu-
facturer or dealer be put on the same footing.
Under pretense of exporting it whisky is sent
across the river from Buffalo or Black Rock,
from Detroit to Windsor, from Maine to Nova
Scotia, from Brownsville to Matamoras; it is
dodged about from one place to another under
pretense of export until it gets back and floods
the whole country, and heavy drawbacks are
claimed on it. More frauds are committed in
this way than in any other form. In this way
the revenue is defrauded, while the honest
manufacturer is debarred from getting his
whisky to market. He must store it in the
distillery warehouse, as I said, in the custody
of theGoveinment officers until the taxis paid.
He cannot even transport to a fire-proof ware-
house, which may be within a short distance
of his establishment, without subjecting him-
self to the severest penalties.
But the exporter can carry whisky all over
the country with the amplest opportunity to
fraud, and he subjects himself to no penalty
except the forfeiture of his bond, which may
be worthless; while the distiller is punished
by fine, imprisonment, seizure, and confisca-
tion of all his property if he is guilty of any
fraud, or even neglects in the smallest details,
even to the failure to paint pipes, guess at the
capacity of his mash-tubs, or in the slightest
particular violate a law that none but a lawyer
can understand. Why this severity on the dis-
tiller and this leniency to the fraudulent pre-
tended exporter who has partners in his fraud
all along the lines? This whole system ought
to be made harmonious. If gentlemen desire
to impose such stringent requirements upon
the manufacturers of whisky to be consumed
in this country, let everybody else be subjected
to similar requirements. Every gallon of whisky
that gets into the market fraudulently under
pretense of export is just that much stolen from
the Government—that much stolen from the
honest manufacturer who has to pay the tax or
keep his whisky in the distillery warehouse.
Hence the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa seemed to me to cover the difficulty ; and
this amendment proposing to allow a drawback
ought not to be adopted unless the amount, of
the drawback be reduced from sixty to ten,
fifteen, or twenty cents at the utmost, and I
think it had better be stricken out altogether.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish merely to state
my reason for putting the drawback at sixty
cents. The committee knows very well that
the specific tax per gallon has been fixed at
fifty cents. The tax of four dollars per barrel
or ten cents a gallon increases the tax to sixty
cents ; and the additional tax upon the capacity
of the distillery amounts to three cents more
per gallon, making in all sixty-three cents tax.
1 have limited the drawback to sixty cents, three
cents less than the tax actually paid. Hence,
I think, there can be in this respect no ground
of complaint. I wish only to add that the
drawback is limited to alcohol and rum.
I yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gkiswold.]
Mr. GEISWOLD. I desire merely to say
that in view of the striking out of every other
provision calculated to preserve this export
trade of the country, I for one trust the amend-
ment submitted by my friend from Massachu-
setts will be adopted. I regard it as he does,
as the most objectionable of the three plans
which have been submitted to the House; but
for one I am prepared to adopt almost any
plan within the range of reason and propriety
rather than strike down any material export
interest that now exists in this country. I am
one of those who will regard a business of that
kind, a business now important and which
promises in the future to become enlarged;
but, sir, I am not one of those who believe we
are at liberty in legislating for any of the great
interests of the country to strike down any
other interest. Inasmuch as this committee
has indicated a determination they will accept
no other amendment, I trust the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts will be
adopted.
Mr. HARDING. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, there is no provision in this
bill for the payment of tax on alcohol. This
provides that the tax on alcohol shall be re-
turned as drawback on exportation. The
presumption is, I suppose, under the bill as
amended, that all alcohol is made out of spirits
that have paid the tax. But, sir, that is not
susceptible of proof except in the case of
alcohol which is produced by continuous dis-
tillation. There we may have identification.
Alcohol may be made out of distilled spirits
that have not paid any tax, and yet when the
alcohol is exported the Government will be
compelled to pay these parties—not refund, for
they did not pay anything—the amount of the
tax that would be levied upon it. When you
permit a man to take distilled spirits from the
distillery and to transport them in bond, as
this bill provides, to a place where they can
be rectified and manufactured into alcohol,
when it comes to be exported, in the nature
of things, it cannot be identified.
Mr. LOGAN. The bill, as amended, pro-
vides that all distilled spirits shall pay tax
prior to removal from the distillery. Alcohol,
therefore, must be made out of tax-paid whisky.
Mr. HARDING. Not necessarily. The
great frauds perpetrated are perpetrated in
this way: we know there are many small dis-
tilleries in garrets and cellars. These people
distill alcohol out of whisky that has never
paid any tax.
Mr. LOGAN. You cannot make alcohol
in a rectifying establishment. Rectifying is
only running it through charcoal.
Mr. HARDING. When alcohol is made
out of whisky that is manufactured illicitly in
this way, how is it to be identified ? Only by
affidavits, except in the case of alcohol from
continuous distillation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
enrolled btll.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
Holmax, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill H. R. No. 365,
constituting eight hours a day's work for all
laborers, workmen, and mechanics employed
by or on behalf of the Government of the Uni-
ted States; when the Speaker signed the same.
message prom tiie president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Moobb,
one of his Secretaries.
internal tax bill again.
Mr. HARDING. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to strike out
"sixty'' and insert "fifty" in the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of drawbacks.
I am not in favor of destroying this export
trade; but I do not think there should be a
premium upon that foreign trade. I therefore
