1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
of indebtedness as to render these securities
utterly worthless. The value of confederate
paper money was then determined by dry
measure, and there was much fear lest ours
should reach the same standard of value. But
wise management, aided by military successes,
improved our credit and happily we avoided
any absolute financial catastrophe.
Emerging from a war, which was nothing
less than a struggle for national existence, the
Government began immediately to liquidate
its obligations at the astonishing rate of from
one to two hundred million dollars a year.
These payments were made, in the ordinary
currency of the country, the same as the Army
and Navy and all the servants of the people
receive when paid their wages at home. Did
this fact impair the public credit? So far
from it our credit never improved with greater
rapidity, and its improvement was in direct
proportion to the reduction of the volume of
our indebtedness. Had the same policy con-
tinued we would have been much nearer to a
specie basis to-day than we are, and nearer
by far than we shall ever be brought by a
declaration that our securities are payable "in
coin or its equivalent."
The credit of the public, like that of an indi-
vidual or company, depends upon the extent
of its indebtedness and its ability to pay, and
not upon a facility for making promises; and
how that credit is to be improved' by an ac-
knowledgment that the debt really amounts to
hundreds of millions more than is justly or
lawfully owing passes comprehension. The
gentleman from Vermont will concede that
such an operation by a person or firm would
be ruinous. Instead of relieving from embar-
rassment it would entirely destroy the credit
of any private party, and I repeat that the
honest creditor of the country—not the specu-
lator—has no interest in the passage of this
resolution.
It is well enough to let well enough alone.
If we do not wound the faith of the country by
these worse than vain declarations, the Bond-
holders and other public creditors will in due
time receive their pay in coin, principal and
interest, dollar for dollar. But every move-
ment of this sort, intended though it may be,
to hasten specie payments will only postpone
the time of their coming. The harvest will
yield but straw and chaff if gathered too soon.
Sound public credit is- a plant of gradual
growth. Let it ripen. It cannot be matured
by this hot-house process of direct congres-
sional action. Justice, honesty, economy, and
the encouragement of industry are the elements,
the sun, the wind, and the rains that bring it
to perfection.
The country is often reminded that "the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged
for the payment of the interest and the redemp-
tion ofthe principal'' of these five-twenty bonds,
and the fact that such a pledge exists is readily
conceded. But what is the public faith? What
but the public credit? When used in this
manner the words faith and credit are con-
vertible terms, and our faith, our credit stands
pledged for the redemption of the bonds. It
was with that understanding the creditors took
them, and with the same understanding they are
now held. Unfortunately at this present time our
credit is considerably below par. But when again
it shall be at par, or better than gold, as it has
been, still our credit will remain pledged for
the payment of all public debts, principal and
interest. But the public faith is pledged in
another respect, and that is, that w® shall not
impair our credit by increasing our actual ob-
ligations and thus diminish our ability to pay
our honest debts.
This resolution proposes once again to sol-
elmnly pledge the faith of the United States,
not as heretofore, to the full extent of the
credit of the Government, but this time still
further, if that were possible, even to the pay-
ment of "the public debt" "in coin or its
equivalent." This novel proposition will bear
examination. The public debt amounts to
$2,-500,000,000, the equivalent of fhis sum,
40th Cojtg. 2© Snss.—No. 4.
while gold commands a premium of forty per
cent., is just $3,500,000,000; and this sum is
the "equivalent" which it is proposed to
pledge the faith of the United States to pay.
A large portion of the debt is now payable, at
the option of the Government. If it were all
payable and the Government should elect to
discharge it in pursuance of this pledge we
should certainly have to pay in some "equiv-
alent;" tor we have not nor could we raise
$2,500,000,000 in coin.
After we had so discharged the public debt
we should owe precisely $3,500,000,000; and
as the faith of the United States would still be
pledged to pay the public debt in coin or its
equivalent, and if the national credit were not
at all injured by this splendid financial opera-
tion, and gold still commanded a premium of
only forty cents on the dollar, we should have
[ to issue this time, in promises to pay as the
; "equivalent," just $1,900,000,000, and the
: next time nearly $7,000,000,000. This line of
demonstration might be pursued, like some of
Robert J. Walker's theories, down to the year
1901; but the very first step in it shows that
such a pledge of the public faith would destroy
the public credit.
We have very little to pledge besides the
credit of the United States. Of this the Con-
gress and not the creditors are the guardians,
and it behooves us to look well to its preserva-
tion. It will never be improved by presenting
an inducement to every bondholder to main-
tain as great a difference as possible between
Government notes and coin, until he can receive
his "equivalent" in the former. Better far to
leave the debt as it is, so that it will be to tha
advantage of every creditor to preserve the faith
of the Government. He will know that upon
a restoration of confidence, and not otherwise,
he will receive every dollar in coin—not its
equivalent—but the full face of his bond in pure
gold, as he now receive#his interest. Lethiin
be content with his golden eggs as they come
and not suffer himself to be deluded by his
avarice into destroying the source from whence
they spring.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a
motion to refer this joint resolution to the
Committee on Finance. I was not present
and had not the good fortune to hear the open-
ing remarks of the Senator from Vermont,
although I have read them in the newspapers.
There are one or two inaccuracies or rather
omissions in them which at the proper time I
may supply; but this is only a part of a great
and difficult question, and I think we ought not
to act upon it hastily. Therefore, unless some
Senator desires to speak on the merits of the
proposition, I shall move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had prepared an
amendment, which I wish to submit, to go with
this resolution to the committee, but i have
not got it in the form I desire. I suppose this
subjectcan just as well lie overuntil to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wants to
offer an amendment I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be offered on a
subsequent day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, it can be of-
fered hereafter and referred to the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would rather offer it
as a substitute for the resolution, and let it go
to the committee with the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can do that
at his pleasure, but this matter had better be
disposed of, as it may stand in the way of other
business, and the Senator can offer his amend-
ment at any time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to discuss
it. My purpose is to present- my view in the
amendment that I suggest, and that is all at
present. Therefore, if there is no other busi-
ness before the Senate, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion to allow us to dispose of
of the bill that was under consideration this
morning.
Mr,, SHERMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana can accomplish his purpose just as well
by allowing this resolution to be referred, and
then sending his amendment to the committee
subsequently. That is very often done, and
I can see no reason for keeping this subject
before the Senate at present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see any reason
for a vote on that proposition this evening.
If it is considered important I will waive it.
Mr. SUMNER. You have no objection to
I rAFpppnpp?
: Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course I have no
objection to the reference, but I wish the
amendment to go with the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if it
will accommodate the Senator, to let it go with
the resolution. The motion to refer can stand
for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion to
adjourn?
: Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes,' sir.
I Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
!l proceed with the consideration ofthe business
I that was under consideration at the expiration
1 of the morning hour, that we may get a vote
I upon it.
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
!| resolution before the Senate is not yet dia-
|! posed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone that
resolution, on which my motion to refer is
entered, 1 presume, until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EQUAL KIGIITS.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the busi-
ness under consideration at the expiration of
the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
141) for the further security of equal rights in
the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought they were
merely asked for, but not ordered.
Mr. SU-MNElt. They were asked for by the
Senator, and I had an impression that they
were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I may be mistaken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
informs me-that they were actually ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have but one remark
to make upon this bill than what I have already
said. In my reference to the elections that
took place this fall I do not speak ofthe gen-
eral elections, and I hope that no Senator will
suppose that I would be guilty of the bad taste
of referring to an election in any boasting
way. The results that I referred to were the
votes given by the people at the recent elections
upon the question submitted to them whether
they desired the negroes to have the right to
vote in the States. That distinct proposition was
submitted to the people in the form of a consti-
tutional amendment in the State of Kansas, or
in some legislative form; in the State of Ohio
in the form of a constitutional amendment: in
the State of Minnesota in some form—exactly
what the form was I do not now recollect;
but these three States gave the expression of
their people upon that question, and I ex-
pressed my surprise that a Senator coming
from either of those States should force upon
the people of this District a policy in regard
to the colored race which bad been repudiated
by the people of his own state. We legislate
for the people of the District not merely to
gratify our personal pleasure, not because we
can pass a law ; but because, in our judgment,
it is for the good of the District and for the
credit of the country that the law should be
passed ; and as I said before, when I vote upon
a bill that affeots the people of the District of
Columbia, when I cannot get their instruction
on the subject, I certainly would be delighted
to follow the instruction given by the people
at home.
