50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5:
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeuoy]
reminded me of the fact that since I took my
seat here 111 1863 there had been an expres-
sion once or twice, perhaps, in the State of
Indiana contrary to the view of the party with
which I act; but the Senator was not able to
point out a single instance in which my action
here had been contrary to the known will of
the people of Indiana. I think he will be
unable to find a single instance in which my
vote in the Senate has been in conflict with
any well expressed opinion of the people of
the State of Indiana; but I do not choose to
discuss that. He referred to the fact that I
had not resigned when there had been a change
for the time being in popular opinion in my
State. I have never heard of any case of
resignation under such circumstances. It has
never been understood that a man yields his
position in the Senate merely because of the
result of a popular election ; but if the Legis-
lature gives an instruction to a Senator, many
hold that the instruction must be obeyed or
the Senator resign. There has been no such
case presented to me. I do not choose, how-
ever, to explain or vindicate here any course
of mine upon any such question. That is
between me and the folks at home.
I regard this as an important measure. Why
have the people of Ohio, of Kansas, and of
Minnesota recently, and the people of Wiscon-
sin and of Connecticut formerly, but in later
years, said that the negroes ought not to be
allowed to vote? In those States the negro
population is small Compared with the white
population ; they never can override them at
any popular election, and therefore no public
inconvenience, no serious public harm, could
be apprehended from allowing them the right
to vote in those States. But in the District of
Columbia the negro population almost equals,
I believe, the white population, and I think at
some election recently the negro vote was
larger than the white vote; so that here it is a
very important question. As I think, it is
like that question which is now being consid-
ered, and considered very earnestly, by the'
Aineiican people : whether the southern white
population shall by legislative interference and
military power be placed under the government
and contiol of the negroes. It is a very differ-
ent and more important question in the Dis-
trict of Columbia whether the negroes shall
Have the political power than it is in the State
of Ohio, where the white race, notwithstanding
this privilege might be extended to the negroes,
would maintain its supremacy.
J am opposed to this policy which subjugates
the white race to the colored race. Now, this
bill proposes not only that negroes shall be'
allowed to hold oIKce, and I suppose any otlice
in the District of Columbia, but that they shall
be allowed to sit upon the juries. Of course
it will follow that they may be judges. The
spectacle will thenbe presented of negro courts
to try cases. It is not in accordance with my
taste, and I think not in accordance with the
taste of the people I have the honor in part to
represent; and as I would not vote that the
people of Indiana should be thus governed, 1
will not vote to govern thus the people of the
District of Columbia. What I think is right
and iair and honest to the people of Indiana
I think is right and fair and honest toward
the people of this District.
Air. MOUTON. Air. President, my col-
league has made one remark which I do not
desire to have misapprehended by the Senate,
and I rise not fiotn any desire to criticise his
course, but simply to have a correct under-
standing. He says that he has not by his votes
in the Senate gone in favor of any proposition
which has been declared against by the people
of Indiana, and not against any proposition
which has been declared in favor of by them,
as I understood h'nn.
Jlr. HJON DIMCiCS. Not cxactly.
Mr. iUOUTON. That was substantially it,
as I understood the Senator. The people of
Indiana in the elections of 1804, both the State
and presidential election, declared strongly in
favor of the policy of prosecuting the war and
putting down the rebellion by force of arms.
They declared against the policy of a suspen-
sion of hostilities for the purpose of opening
negotiations with the confederate authorities.
During that canvass also the question of the
abolition of slavery by an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States was freely
and fully discussed, and the public sentiment
by a majority of thirty thousand was unques-
tionably manifested in favor of that propo-
sition. In 1806 the constitutional amendment
of that year, known I believe as the four-
teenth article, was a direct issue all over our
State, and the people of Indiana declared in
favor of it by a majority of some fifteen thou-
sand. The policy in opposition to it was main-
tained I believe ably by my colleague in com-
mon with his whole party in that State. I
shall not now refer to the manner in which my
colleague has voted in the Senate on these
questions; I simply desire to state what has
been the policy of the people of Indiana as
manifested by overwhelming majorities in 1804
and 180G.
One word now in reference to the elections
that have recently took place, Mr. President.
It was yesterday said by the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Dixox] in the discussion of
another question, that New York by fifty thou-
sand majority had declared against the policy
of reconstruction that has been adopted by
Congress. T must be allowed to say that I differ
entirely from that Senator in regard to the effect
and in regard to the character of that election.
It is true theie is a large number of Republicans
in the northern States who are opposed to negro
suffrage in their own States, it results from a
prejudice which has not yet been conquered.
They argue in this way, that there is no necessity
for negro suffrage in Indiana and in other north-
ern States for the protection of the colored race
or oven for the safety of the country, but events
have forced them to the conviction that there is
a necessity for it in the southern States; and
therefore many persons who I know are opposed
to negro suffrage in Indiana or Ohio, because
they say there is no necessity for it there, are
equally strong in favor of it, for the purpose of
sustaining loyal State governments in all the
southern States. If thequestion was submitted
to the people of New York as to whether the
negroes of the South should be allowed to vote
for the purpose of overcoming the rebel major-
ity down there, I have no doubt they would
declare by a majority of more than fifty thou-
sand that they were in favor of it, first, for the
protection of the negroes themselves, and sec-
ondly for the public safety.
Now, sir, in regard to the District. There is
understood to be a largo majority of the white
people who, if they did not actually take part in
the rebellion, at least strongly sympathized with
it, and are exceedingly hostile to the policy of
Congress and to conferring any rights on the
colored race. If the question was submitted
to the people of Kansas or to the people of
Indiana whether full political power should
bo conferred upon the colored citizens of the
District of Columbia, I have no doubt that
each State would decide in favor of it by a
large majority.
It may be said that this is inconsistent. I
grant it, and I regret, under the circum-
stances, that the fact is so ; but still I think no
inference can be drawn against the policy of
Congress, either in regard to this District or in
regard to the South, from the recent elections.
It is well known that they turned entirely upon
other questions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, my col-
league has referred to the canvass of 186-1, in
which he says one of the questions mainly dis-
cussed and on which the people did vote was
a vigorous prosecution of the war. I do not
know v. hat he means by that reference. He
refei s to no vote of mine in the Senate on that
subject. If he means to say that I supported
General MeClellan upon the Chicago platform
and his letter of acceptance, he i  right. I did
support him. That was in the canvass at home.
I did it with what of energy I possessed; btit
why my colleague should refer to that in cori;
nection with the observation which I made that:
the Senator from Kansas had been unable to1
point out any case in which my action in the
Senate was in conflict with the expressed opin-'
ion or desire of the people of Indiana, I am not
able to perceive. I took my ground openly in*
that contest. The views that I expressed are-
in some instances preserved.
He also says that in 1860 in the State of In-
diana the constitutional amendments then pro-
posed were approved by the people. I voted
against those constitutional amendments here^
in the Senate, but any expression of the people
of Indiana in regard to them had then notbgeu'
given. In the canvass of 1800, while I admit
that the proposed constitutional amendments
were largely discussed, I think I may refer to
the Senator's speech, which was the opening
speech of the campaign, and by all odds the
ablest speech, in which, while lie did discuss
that question and the propriety of the pro-
posed constitutional amendments, I think he
will admit that more than three fourths of the
address which he made then to the people was
upon a very different subject—an appeal to the
people against the Democracy of the State as
unworthy of their confidence, and largely illus-
trated by that style of literature which was
then very powerful, which seemed to justify
the description of Democrats as "copper-
heads" and " traitorsbut I thank God and
the judgment of the country that the time has
passed when that sort of appeal finds a power
with the people, and I think from this on as it
was in the canvass of 1867 the question will
be who is in the right, and not who can use the
most opprobrious epithets toward the other.
My colleague thinks that the people of Indi-
ana are willing that the people of the District
of Columbia should be forced to submit to
negro suffrage when they are not willing to
submit to it themselves, and he says that in
that the people of Indiana are not consistent.
I am not prepared to say that the people of
Indiana, upon so grave a question as that,
would deliberately place themselves in an incon-
sistent position. 1 think if thequestion could
be submitted to the men of Indiana whether
the negroes of the South, under a policy which
clothes all the negroes with the right to vote
and strips a portion of the white population of
that right, so as to give the supremacy to the
negroes, I think if that question could be sub-
mitted to the people of Indiana such a policy
would be defeated by a majority unknown in
the politics of that State.
I knew that my colleague considered it an
act of inconsistency to force this policy on the
South and not to assume it at home, for I had
observed his very able speech at Columbus in
the recent canvass in which he declared to the
people of Ohio—I cannot give his words, nor
can I express the idea nearly as well as lie
expressed it—but he substantially declared to
the people of Ohio that, supporting this policy
of en franchising the negroes in the South, if they
refused to do it in Ohio they would be naked
to the scorn and condemnation of the world.
Well, sir, they saw fit to stand in that immodest
attitude, which my colleague described, by, I
think, about fifty thousand majority. Now, how
can he say that a people, fair, honest, and gener-
ous, who would repudiate a policy when applied
to themselves as being unworthy of them,
unjust to them, unsafe to their institutions,
would force that same policy upon another
people, upon the District of Columbia? This
District was no part of the rebellion. This
District was always, during the war, within the
lines axd within the power of the General Gov-
ernment. Then why can my colleague say
that the voters of Indiana would repudiate
negro suffrage at home and yet would vote for
it in the District of Columbia? I cannot believe
that they would be thus inconsistent; and as I
believe that at home the people are opposed
to this, I am opposed to it for the District of
Columbia. If my colleague and 1 to-day were
in the Legislature of Indiana, how would we
