1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
vote upon the subject? He was the Governor i
oi' the State for years, and he delivered his
messages, and he never called upon the people
of Indiana to amend their constitution so as to
enfranchise the negroes. His party was largely
in the majority in the Legislature, and yet they
took no substantial steps to amend the consti-
tution of the State so as to allow this that is
claimed as a right to the ncgroes.^ They would
never venture upon it as a political test at
home, were seeking all the while to avoid it,
hoping that there is that sentiment in tlie
people which will induce them to force upon
another community that which they will not
accept for themselves.
Now, I submit to Senators i3 that right? If
it is right to refuse the negroes the franchise
in the State of Indiana where there arc not
many but few compared with the entire white
population, is it right to force it upon the peo-
ple of the District of Columbia where their
vote is a much more important one, the num-
bers being so much larger? Upon that ques-
tion my colleague and I differ. I think the
people of Indiana would not, if the question
was submitted to them in any substantial and
distinct form, vote to force negro suffrage upon
the people of the District of Columbia, nor do
I believe if they had the power to express their
views upon the subject that they would force it
upon the southern States.
Mr. MORT0N. Mr. President, I have not
taken part in this debate for the purpose of
making any criticisms on my colleague; nor
do I desire now to enter into such an argument.
But, sir, when the Senator says that the time
has come, and he thanks God for it, when the
opprobrious epithets to which he referred
toward the men who have been in this rebel-
lion 
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I did not say
that.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator did not hear
me out, quite. I understood him to say that
the time had come when opprobrious epithets
toward the men who have been in this rebel-
lion and those who have sympathized with
them in the North as we understand them to
have sympathized 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say that,
either.
Mr. MORTON. That, I understood to be
the idea of the Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator said that the
time had passed when the epithets which had
been applied toward the Democracy of the
North—if the Senator will accept that state-
ment of it—conld not be any longer used. I
think the Senator will find himself mistaken.
I think the popular hatred of this rebellion,
and the hatred of those who aided and abetted
it in the North, is just as strong as it ever was;
and the idea that this feeling has passed away
and subsided will be found to be a mistake. It
may sometimes sleep; while the people have
their minds diverted to some other questions
they may turn aside incidentally, and for a
time even act with the other party; but, sir, in
ten years from this time that feeling will be
stronger than it is to-day, and twenty years
lience, in my opinion, it will be overwhelming;
and the next generation will entertain it far
more^ strongly than the present.
But, Mr. President, that is unimportant to
the present purpose. The Senator's position
may be stated briefly thus: the Senator acted
with the Democratic party of Indiana and the
North ; he was and is a prorni^int and distin-
guished leader. If that party was in faVor of
the prosecution of the war and of putting down
the rebellion, and in favor of the adoption of
the measures necessary for that end, then the
Senator was in favor of that; if that party was
not, then the Senator was not. because he was
and is in harmony with his party.
Mr. President, in regard to the ipconsistency
of enforcing negro suffrage at the South and
not doing it at the North I said—and I said
what is a fact, and the Senator's intelligence
will accord t« the truth of it in a moment—
that there are men everywhere in the North '
who are opposed to enfranchising the negroes
in the northern States on account of their pre-
judices against them on the ground of color,
and who say there is no necessity for it in
Indiana, there is no necessity for it in New .
York, there is no necessity "for it in Ohio,
because there the negroes are protected any-
how in the enjoyment of their rights, and they
say there is no necessity for it there on account
of the public safety. :
That is the argument they use. I do not
accord with it myself; but the same men are
just as earnestly in favor now of negro suffrage
in the South as any other class of men, be- 1
cause events have proved that it is necessary 1
in order to the establishment of legal and loyal
State governments down there, not because
they love the colored man in the South better
than they love him in Indiana or Ohio, but
because public events have shown that loyal
State governments cannot be established and
maintained in the late rebel States without his
vote; and perhaps the same feeling prevails in
regard to the government of this District—the
domestic government created here by charter. I
It is believed that a very large majority of the
white voters here are disloyal—have either .
participated actually or sympathized earnestly
with the rebellion; and for that reason I un- j
dertake to say that the majority of fifty thou- j
sand who voted against negro suffrage in Ohio
would vote for it in the District of Columbia,
because they believe that here it is a necessity
to the establishment of a loyal domestic city
government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken; and result-
ed—yeas 32, nays S; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chan-
dler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Harlan, Henderson, How-
ard, llowe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ofV cr-
mont, Morton, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalow, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, and Patterson of Ten-
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole. Conness, Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Guthrie, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Spraguo, Van Win-
kle, and Yates—13.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move an adjourn-
ment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 5, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntos.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, the
reading of the Journal of yesterday was dis-
pensed with.
DUISCQUE AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill extending the time
for the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House papers in the case of Captain J.
H. Eates.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the
files of the House papers in the case of Benja-
min Holliday.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GETZ. I. ask unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. GETZ. I see by the telegraphic reports
of Tuesday's proceedings in the House, as
published in the New York and Philadelphia
papers, that the remarks I made in reply to
what was said by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sciienlk]—1 regret that he is not now in
his seat—relative to the surreptitious publica-
tion of the President's message in advance of
its transmission to Cougress were printed as a
part of that gentleman's remarks. The two
do not fit together at all, and make him appear
to contradict himself—a blunder which all of
us here, who know his political shrewdness and
sagacity, are well aware he would not be likely
to fall into with his eyes open, and he never
sleeps at his post. By this botched piece of
typographical dove-tailing the gentleman from
Ohio starts out as the accaser of the President
—a character in which he is perfectly at home—
and ends by becoming his defender, which I
believe he has never undertaken, although I
do not utterly despair of seeing him engaged in
so good a work at no very distant day—
" For while the lamp holds out to burn"—
It would be, perhaps, unparliamentary to
finish the quotation. As I presume the gentle-
man from Ohio is no more willing to adopt my
words than I am to adopt his I have thought
it proper to make this brief explanation.
ROBERT Y. KELLER.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Robert V.
Keller, of Neosho, Missouri; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. GRAVELY also submitted sundry
papers on the same subject; which took the
same reference.
THE MILLIKEN CASE.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent., sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which wasread,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the House the report of General
George II. Thomas in the ease of one Milliken, a
returned rebel, arrested at La Grange, Tennessee, for
violation of his parole, and released from military
custody by Judge Trigg, of the United States court,
on writ of habeas corpus.
SINKING FUND.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to fund the interest-
bearing debt of the United States and to pro-
vide for a national tax thereon and the distri-
bution of the taxes collected to the several
States, in lieu of State or local taxation, and
to provide a sinking fund for the payment of
the public debt, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
ARMY SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to increase and fix the subsistence
department of the Army of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referx-ed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
EXEMPTION OF HAND-LOOM PRODUCTS.
Mr. MYERS also submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
empting trom tax all articles the products of hand-
looms, and to report by bill or otherwise.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution declaratory of an act
entitled ''An act relating to the public schools
of the District of Columbia," approved July
23, 18G6; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," passed March 2, 1^67,
and the several acts amendatory thereto ; which
\yas read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
