1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
it may be infringed with impunity so far as Vir-
ginia can have any say in reference to the mat-
ter. Her laws, it' we may call them so, cannot
be executed, because a power more potential
than Virginia steps in and says they shall not be
executed. Then do you tell me your indict-
ment should conclude "against the peace and
dignity of Virginia," when the peace and dig-
nity of what was once Virginia are not para-
mount, but the will of a particular man is the
paramount law?
It is in vain to contend that the Stale may
exist though it may have no government. The
ward "State," in a political sense and as a
governing power, is never applied to mere ter-
ritory. Lands, houses, cattle, things corpo-
real, do not in law constitute a State. Tbey
may be within it, but are not the State itself.
They afford no protection; they enact no rule
of action. They are not the supreme power
commanding what is right and forbidding what
is wrong. No obedience is due to them; no
protection can be afforded, and no punishment
can be inflicted by them. They are property
subject in their tittle enjoyment and regulation
to law, which is a rule of action prescribed by
the supreme power in the State or body-politic.
If it be admitted ;hat Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,. Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Texas are States in the Union, there is an end
of the controversy ; for, however extravagant
has been much of the- legislation of Congress
for the last six years, it has never been seri-
ously contended by any respectable number of
its members that Congress can do within States
recognized as in the Union the things contem-
plated by this bill.
Throughout the war it was universally con-
ceded, and most vehemently and persistently
asserted, that the seceding States were States
in and of the Union. No one was bold enough
then to declare that an ordinance of secession
and even the making war to enforce it had
the effect to take those States out of the Uuion.
The man who had so proclaimed, unless
lie. could have proved that he voted the Re-
publican ticket and charged all Democrats
wiih being secessionists and traitors, would
have been pronounced disloyal, and would
have been furnished, at Government expense,
with accommodations in some bastile fitted
up for the abode of traitorous spirits. You
passed hundreds of acts in which you ex-
pressly designated them as States. During
the war you extended your revenue laws over
them, and allotted and apportioned among
them their respective shares of the Federal
taxes. You extended, or rather continued,
your judiciary laws over them, and advised
and consented to the appointment of district
judges to reside within them. You admitted
their Representatives from Louisiana, Tennes-
see, and Virginia into the other branch of Con-
gress, and allowed my friend who sits on my
left [Mr. Wii.ley] to take his scat on this floor
as a Senator from Virginia, and to share with
you the burdens and duties of legislation.
Your idol President issued numerous procla-
mations recognizing them as States in the
Union, and as apolitical party you met in con-
vention and nominated as a candidate for
Vice President of the United States a man
residing in Tennessee, thereby recognizing,
not only in your legislative but in your party
character, the fact that Tennessee was in 1864,
and before she patched up, under your dicta-
tions and by aid of the military power, a con-
stitution in harmony with your views, a State
in the Union.
Since the war you have in many ways recog-
nized these States as members of the Federal
Union. You have submitted constitutional
amendments to them for their ratification. It
is in vain for you to deny this fact or to allege
that it was only the act of the Secretary of
State, for the substance of theamendment pro-
posed shows that it was particularly designed
for the ratification of these States ; and one of
the many reasons assigned in support of the
reconstruction measures in the debates in this
body is that they refused its ratification, and
thereby proved themselves disloyal and unfit
to be trusted with the formation of their own
organic law and to be represented in the two
Houses of Congress. They have since the
war been recognized as States in the Union
by the Supreme Court of the United States,
who entertain and decide upon appeals and
writs of error taken and sued out by their citi-
zens, and upon motions and proceedings made
and had in the name and on behalf of the
States themselves. Your supreme judges hold
their circuit courts among them, and hear and
determine causes therein, in the same manner
that they did before the war. They have been
and are recognized as States in the Union by
the President of the United States.
Thus all the departments of the Federal
Government, legislative, executive, and judi-
cial, have recognized them as States in the
Union, and yet yon have passed and are pro-
posing to pass a series of reconstruction acts,
so called, which, in effect, expels them from
the Union. In July, 1SG1, while the war was
raging, you passed a resolution proposed by
Andrew Johnson, then a member of this body,
declaring that the war was not waged on our
part for any purpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, but to restore the Union with all the rights
and dignities of the several States unimpaired.
States was the word used iu that resolution.
If they were States in July, 1801, after they
had all passed their ordinances of secession
and engaged in the conflict of arms, pray tell
me, sir, when did they cease to be States?
How long was it necessary for them to fight
before they ceased to be States of the Union
and to enable tlicm to get out of the Union ?
If they were States in the Union while they
were fighting and while the war continued,
explain, if you can, how it was that upon ceas-
ing fighting and submitting to your authority
they lost their places as States in the Union?
Is fighting necessary to Union, and is peace
inconsistent and wholly irreconcilable there-
with? To such absurdities are you reduced in
your mad attempts to subject the white race
of the South to the domination of the negro
and to secure and perpetuate party supremacy
at the expense and hazard of a violated Con-
stitution.
But, perhaps, you have surrendered the po-
sition which you resolutely maintained through-
out the war, and under the influence of new
light have discovered that you were mistaken,
and that these former States are no longer
States in the Union, and that, in fact, they are
no States at all, but only conquered territory,
subject to your absolute authority independ-
ently of the Constitution. If such be your
position now I regret it, for it is a position
which I have always strenuously denied, that
the people of any State have at any time, with
or without cause, authority or power, at least,
to withdraw from the Federal Union without
the consent and in opposition to the will of the
people of the other States. It converts the
Federal Union from a Government, from a
Union formed under and by virtue of a mu-
tually obligatory compact or agreement upon
stipulated terms and conditions, into a mere
copartnership at will. _ It has not, in this view
of the case, even the binding force of a league,
and it renders the war which you waged pro-
fessedly for the preservation of the Union more
than questionable, because, if such be the effect
of an ordinance of secession, the waste of life
and treasure which you caused was caused in
an aggressive and unjustifiable war, in a war to
prevent a people from enjoying the supposed
blessings of self-government and of an inde-
pendent nationality.
But suppose this theory be correct, and that
this is all conquered territory, held for the
purpose of being erected into States—there
being none there at present—then I hold that
you have no authority to pass this bill, because
you have no authority to create or establish a
despotism. Had you conquered England or
France, and annexed them to the United
States, you would not have had authority to
subject their inhabitants to the provisions of
this bill. And why ? , Because the moment
you conquer or purchase territory and it be-
comes a portion of the territory of'the United
States the Constitution of the United States
is extended over it, and all legislation in respect
to its inhabitants must be in conformity with
its provisions.
The people inhabiting it, their allegiance
being transfered to the United States, have all
the rights to the enjoyment of life, liberty, and
property which is secured to other citizens or
inhabitants of the United States under the Con-
stitution. Your authority to legislate in re-
spect to them is derived solely from the Con-
stitution, and is subject to all the limitations
and restrictions imposed by that instrument.
You shall "make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion" among them, nor shall you
prohibit to them "the free exercise" thereof.
You shall not abridge " the freedom of speech
or of the press" or "the right of the people
peaceably to assemble and to petition the Gov-
ernment for a redress of grievances," for the
Constitution solemnly imposes these prohibi-
tions upon you. "The right of" these "people
to be secure in their persons, houses, papers,
and effects against unreasonable searches and
seizures shall notbe violated" by you, "and no
warrants shall issue" against them, " but
upon probable cause supported by oath or
affirmation, and particularly describing the
place to be searched or the persons or things
to be seized," because the Constitution affords
them this protection and guaranties to them
theserights. " Noperson" amongthem, "shall
be held to answer for a capital or otherwise in-
famous crime, unless on a presentment or in-
dictment of a grand jury, except in cases aris-
ing in the land or naval forces, or in the militia
when in actual service, in time of war or pub-
lic danger," for so the Constitution ordains.
" In all criminal prosecutions" of any of them
" the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial by an impartial jury of the
State and district wherein the crime shall
have been committed," for thus reads the char-
ter of his liberty and the article imposing lira
itations on your power.
In violation of these provisions you have
already enacted a measure, and propose further
to pass the bill now before the Senate, which
does and will deprive millions of your fellow-
citizens of these rights, subject them to the
infliction of these wrongs prohibited, and take
from them the protection thus guarantied to
them. The establishment, under the forms of
laW[ of a military despotism over them is as
direct and positive a violation of these provis-
ions of the Constitution as would be the com-
mission by Congress itself of the acts thus
prohibited.
Pass this bill and let it have the force of law,
and there is no act, however atrocious, which
ambition, the love of power, the desire ofgain,
or the promptings of a wicked heart may
tempt the great Ulysses to do that he may not
do with perfect impunity. He may lay waste
that whole territory with fire and sword ; he
may appropriate to himself the entire property,
if property it be, of the whole people ; he may
murder every man, woman, and child, ten mil-
lions in number ; and he is responsible to no
authority on earth, incurs no penalty, and is
subject to no punishment. Is it doubted ? To
whom is lie responsible? You cannotimpeach
him, because he is not a civil officer. _ The
President cannot, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, cause him to be arrested and to be
tried by court-martial, because by your bill
you make him independent of the President,
and the spirit and acts of insubordination
which he has already manifested leave but
little doubt that, clothed with the unlimited
power proposed to be conferred upon him by
this bill, he would bid defiance to executive
authority should it be attempted to be exer-
cised. lie could not be tried in the criminal
courts, because your bill abolishes courts and
annuls all criminal statutes. Mighty military
despot, if he chooses so to be and so to do, he
