3484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
The Clerk read the uextsection? as follows:
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted. That all distilled
spirits in any bonded warehouse shall within one
hundred days after the passage of this act be with-
drawn front such warehouse, and the tax paid on the
same; and the casks of packages containing said
spirits shall be marked and stamped and bo sublet
in all respects to the same requirements as if manu-
factured after the passage of this act. And any dis-
tilled spirits remaining in any bonded warehouse for
a period of more than one hundred days after,the
passage of this act shall bo forfeited to the United
States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend that
section by striking outthe word "tax" in line
four and inserting "taxes." I offer that
amendment because I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, when we reach
section sixty-five, to move to add a provision
that whisky in bond shall pay four dollars^
barrel as a special tax as well as whisky in
the distillery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to strike out the
section. I do not see why the very hard con-
dition proposed in this section should be put
upon those who have whisky in bond. There
are many persons in this country, in all the
cities on the sea-board, who have invested
their money in whisky legitimately, either.for
the purpose of home consumption or for ex-
portation. I cannot imagine why the commit-
tee should insistupon putting these hard terms
on men who, perhaps to the extent of hundreds
of thousands of dollars, in single instances
have invested in whisky, and who have a right
in fair business transactions to a profit on their
investment at the time when according to their
own notions they should sell. I undertake to
say that the payment of this tax at the expira-
tion of one hundred days by some of these
gentlemen would amount to so large a sum
that their entire capital in this trade might be
swept away. Why, look at it. Compare it
with the bonded system in the customs depart-
ment of the Government. Look how the Gov-
ernment protects the merchants who import
goods from foreign countries. It does not
make a sweeping law, saying to them, " In a
hundred days you shall withdraw your goods
for consumption, or if you do not you shall
forfeit them, and thus lose every dollar you
have invested in them." I think, sir, that we
ought to give the manufacturer of whisky, or
the purehaserof whisky to sell again, the legit-
imate business man, who has used his capital
foi the purpose of making money by it, the
same chances that we give under the laws to
the importer of foreign goods. We allow him
to-day the privilege of putting his goods in a
bonded warehouse for one year without exact-
ing from him any penalty, giving him the right
to withdraw them at any time within that
year for consumption at home, to sell them in
the home market, and then, after that period
has expired, he has the further period of two
years to withdraw them, at an advance to be
paid by him of ten per cent, upon the duties,
and if for exportation only, no advance upon
their withdrawal.
But here it is proposed to every one who is
doing business legitimately, simply because it
is in whisky, that unless he take it out of bond
within one hundred days, thus throwing mil-
lions of gallons upon a falling market, perhaps,
that the extreme penalty of forfeiture shall be
suffered. The severity of such an enactment
would drive good men out of our community
and would stifle enterprise. We would have
bankruptcy all around us ; and the citizen who
feels that he has a right to embark in such
occupation as he pleases would at once com-
plain that instead of being protected in his
operations by just and fair laws he is made
the victim of such demands as must inevitably
lead to his destruction and utter ruin.
I do not mean to espouse the cause of the
manufacturer or trader in whisky especially.
The duty of Congress is not confined to im-
posing severe laws upon one class of business
men only. To be sure we should not hesitate
to provide for taxation, but let us be careful in
our efforts not to oppress our constituents so
far as to injure their investments, although
they maybe made in whisky. That it should
bear a large portion of our burdens I believe,
but legitimate transactions should be fostered,
and the exactions of the law should be so
enforced as to bring about their cheerful
observance by every one. We can afford to
defend the upright dealer in whatever line of
business be may be; and even if we are per-
suaded that great frauds have been committed
in the whisky traffic, yet we can all of us bring
to our minds many of our constituents who,
in a series of years, have been engaged in
making and selling that article, and have never
been known to deprive the Government of one
dollar of taxes. It is difficult to bind bad men
by even the most stringent laws; and so we
have the greater reason for legislating for the
benefit of the honest, who, at last, have to pay
the penalty, in one way or another, of the
shortcomings and frauds of the dishonest.
Now, sir, I do not care to stand here as the
special defender of the whisky sellers, either
small or great; but I do stand here as the
defender of the legitimate business men of the
country. I am always ready to vote for Vfhat
I believe to be right. I desire, if possible, to
increase the revenues of the Government, but
in seeking that object I am not willing to do an
act of injustice. I hope the section will be
stricken out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the com-
mittee rise, so that the House may act on the
veto message of the President on the "omni-
bus" reconstruction bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the committee will
not rise till we have gone through with the
provisions relating to special taxes.
Mr. FA11NSWORTH. There are many
very good reasons why that veto message should
be acted on now.
On the motion of Mr. Farnsworth, there
were—ayes 43, noes 46.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farns-
worth and Pile were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, pursuant to the
order of the House, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being House bill No. 1284, to
change and more effectually secure the collec-
tion of internal taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and to amend the tax on banks, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
unrolled bills.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R- No. 230) granting a pension
to John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry; and
An act (H. R. No. 34V) for holding terms
of the district court of the United States for
the southern district of Illinois, at the city of
Cairo, in said State.
representation of southern states.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States, which was read, as follows:
To the House of Representatives :
In returning to the House of Representa-
tives, in which it originated, a bill entitled
"An act to admit the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida to representation in
Congress," I do not deem it necessary to state
at length the reasons which constrain me to
withhold my approval. I will not, therefore,
undertake, at this time, to reopen the discus-
sion upon the grave constitutional questions
involved in the act of March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto, in pursuance of
which it is claimed, in the preamble to this
bill, these States have framed and adopted
constitutions' of State government Nor will
I repeat the objections contained in my mes-
sage of the 20th instant, returning without my
signature the bill to admit to representation
the State of Arkansas, and which are equally
applicable to the pending measure.
Like the act recently passed m reference to
Arkansas, this bill supersedes the plain and
simple mode prescribed by the Constitution for
the admission to seats in the respective Houses
of Senators and Representatives from the
several States. It assumes authority over six
States of the Union which has never been
delegated to Congress, or is even warranted
by previous unconstitutional legislation upon
the subject of restoration. It imposes condi-
tions which are in derogation of the equal
rights of the States, and is founded upon a
theory which is subversive of the fundamental
principles of the Government. In the case
of Alabama it violates the plighted faith of
Congress by forcing upon that State a con-
stitution which was rejected by the people,
according to the express terms of an act of
Congress requiring that a majority of the
registered electors should vote upon the ques-
tion of its ratification.
For these objections, and many others that
might be presented, I cannot, approve this bill,
and therefore return it for the action of Con-
gress required in such cases by the Federal
Constitution.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 25, 1868.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House, on reconsideration, agree to the pas-
sage of this bitl notwithstanding the objections
of the President?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it be in order now
to move that this message be printed, and that
it lie over for consideration on a future day?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the pre-
vious question should not be sustained.
Mr. ROBINSON. I tried to get the Speak-
er's eye to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] addressed the
Chair before the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Robinson.] The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] however, having had
charge of the bill in its previous stages, was,
by the usage, entitled to be recognized.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. For the
information ofthe gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Robinson,] I will simply say that, there
is not a word of news in this whole message.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania wants " news," had he not bet-
ter have read telegrams from various parts of
the country showing the results of recent elec-
tions? [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes 75, noes 26.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House, on reconsideration, agree to the pas-
sage of this bill notwithstanding the objections
of the President? On this question the vote,
by the requirement of the Constitution, must
be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 108, nays 31, not voting 55 ; as follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Bailoy, Baldwin, Boaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton. Blaine, Blair, Boles, Boutwejl,
Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Sidney Clark, Cobb,
Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Cuilom. Delano, Dixon,
Driggs, Ecldey, Egsleston. Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hinds, Hooper, Chester
D. Hubbard, Irtgersoll, J enckes, Judd, Julian, Keliey,
Kelsey, Keteham, Koonte, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge,
