402
SUPPLEMENT TO
to a conclusion adverse to his own, that he
would not abide their judgment.
Efe issued an order to Thomas. His counsel
in the opening—and that is another significant
fact in this case—said it could not be strictly
called a military order ; yet the habitual cus-
tom of the officers of the Army to obey all the
orders of a superior, gave it in some sense the
force of a military order to Adjutant General
Thomas, commanding him to take possession
of the Department of War while the Senate
was'in session and without consulting it. It
wouH not surprise me, Senators, at all, if the
President were to issue an order to-morrow
to his Adjutant General to disperse the Senate,
after sending such an utterance as this here
by the lips of his counsel, that the Senate has
no constitutfonal right to try him by reason,
he says, of the absence of twenty Senators,
excluded by the action of this body, elected
by ten States entitled to representation on this
floor—a question which the President of the
United States has no more right to decide nor
to meddle with than has the Czar of Russia.
It is a piece of arrogance and impudence for
the President of the United States to send to
the Senate of the United State a message that
they are not constitutionally constituted, and
have no right to decide for themselves the
qualification and election of their own mem-
bers when it is the express provision of the
Constitution that they shall have that power,
and no man on earth shall challenge it.
I trust, Senators, after this utterance of the
President, which ie substantially an utterance
that you shall suspend judgment in the matter
and defer to his will to a trial in the courts
when it shall suit his convenience to inquire
into the rights of the people to have their own
laws executed—that the Senate of the United
States will prove itself in the finale of this
controversy with the President possessed of the
grand heroic spirit of which the deputies of the
nation were possessed in ] 789 in France when
the king sent to its bar his order that the rep-
resentatives of the people should disperse, lis
illustrious president, Bailly, rising in his place
was hailed by the grand master with the in-
quiry, "You heard the king's order, sir?"
"Yes, sir,1' and immediately turning to the
deputies, said, " I cannot adjourn the Assem-
bly until it has deliberated upon the order."
"Is that your answer?" said the grand master.
"Yes, sir," and "It appears to me that the
assembled nation cannot receive an order;"'
followed by the words of the great tribune of
the people, Mirabeau, " Go tell those who sent
you that bayonets can do nothing against the
will of the nation." That, sir, is our answer
to the arrogant words of the President that the
Senate has no constitutional right to sit in
judgment upon the high crimes and misde-
meanors whereof he stands impeached this
day by the Representatives of the people.
1 have said, Senators, all that 1 have occa-
sion to say touching the first eight articles pre-
ferred against the President. Having entered
into this conspiracy, having issued this order
for removal unlawfully, having issued this let-
ter of authority unlawfully, it was necessary
that the President should take another step in
his guilty march ; and accordingly he ventured,
as conspirators always do, very cautiously upon
the experiment of corrupting the conscience
and staining the honor of the gallant soldier
who was in command of the military forces of
the District. He had an interview with hint
the day after he had issued this order, the day
after he had issued this letter of authority, and
said to him, "Sir, this act of 1807 making ap-
propriations for the Army which requires all
military orders to pass through the Genera! of
the Army, whose headquarters are in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and which declares also that
any violation of its provisions shall be a high
misdemeanor in office is an unconstitutional
law ; _ it is an unconstitutional law, General,
and it is not within the purview of your com-
mission.'' It wa3 simply a suggestion to the
General that his Commander-in-Chief would
stand by him in violating the law of the land.
It was a suggestion to him that it would be a
very great accommodation if the commandant
of the military forces of the District of Colum-
bia would receive his orders directly from the
President andnotfrom the Generalof the Army.
It was a confession, Senators,, by indirection,
to be sure—that confession, however, which
always syllables itself upon the tongue of guilt
when guilt speaks at all—that General Grant,
the hero of the century, who led your battal-
ions to victory upon a hundred stricken fields,
having vindicated the supremacy of the laws by
wager of battle, would surely here in the capi-
ta^ be faithful to the obligations and the re-
quirements of law, and refuse to strike hands
with him. More than that; he had put it in
writing and confessed, to which I asked the
attention of Senators yesterday, to this effect,
"You knew, General Grant, that my object
and purpose was to violate and defy the law;
you accepted the office to circumvent me."
That is his language in his letter to Grant of
the 10th of February. And yet the gentlemen
say it is a miserable accusation! Is it? It is
so miserable an accusation that in any other
country than this, where the laws are enforced
rigidly, it would cost an executive or military
officer his head to suggest to any subordinate
that he should violate a law, and a penal law
at that, touching the movement of troops and
military orders, and so plain that no mortal
man could mistake its meaning. I say no more
upon that point; I leave it with the Senate.
The act itself in its second section declares
that a violation of its provisions shall be a high
misdemeanor in ofiicc, punishable by fine and
imprisonment in the penitentiary. The rule
of law is that an attempt to commit a misde-
meanor is itself a misdemeanor. It is the rule
of the common law. and it is the rule of the
District happily, and governs the Presidentand
ought to govern him and ought to govern every-
body else within the District. I heard a sneer
about this question', I thought, from one of the
counsel that it was limited to the Dislrict in its
operations. If the legislation which is limited
exclusively to the District is to be sneered at
by counsel, what means the provision in the
Constitution that the Congress shall have ex-
clusive legislative power over the District? It
is for the protection and defense of the nation.
But it is not limited altogether to the District
at last. The act of 1801 was limited to the
District in applying the common-law rule, but
the act which it supports is coextensive with
the Republic. It is not nccessary that the offi-
cer himself should be indictable in order to hold
him impeachable. It is only necessary that the
act he did, by the strict construction that is put
upon this question by the counsel for the ac-
cused, was a crime or misdemeanor under the
laws of the country. That it was such a crime
and misdemeanor I have shown.
I leave article nine. I now consider article
ten, about which, a great deal has been said
both by the opening counsel and by the con-
cluding counsel. _ The President is in that
article chargcd with an indictable offense in
this, that in the District of Columbia he uttered
seditious words—I am stating now the sub-
stance and legal effect of the charge—seditious
words tending to incite the people to revolt
against the Thirty-Ninth Congress and to dis-
regard their legislation, asserting in terms that
it was no Congress, that it was a body "assum-
ing to be a Congress " " hanging upon the verge
of the Government," and committing also acts
of public indecency which, as I showed to the
Senate yesterday upon the authority which I
lead, is at common law an indictable misde-
meanor, showing a purpose to violate the law
himself and to encourage and incite others to
violate the law. The language of the Presi-
dent was the language of sedition.
What did the counsel say about it? They
referred you to the sedition act of 1798, which
expired by its own limitation, and talked about
its having been a very odious law. I do not
know but they intimated that it was a very
unconstitutional law. Pray what court of the
United States ever so decided? There were
prosecutions under it, but what court of the
United States ever so decided? What com-
manding authority upon the Constitution ever
ruled that the law was unconstitutional? I
admit that no such law as that ought to be upon
your statute-book, of general operation and
application in this country, except in a day of
national peril. That was a day of national
peril. There was sedition in the land. The
French minister was abroad in the Republic,
everywhere attempting to stir up the people to
enter into combinations abroad hurtful and
dangerous to the security of American institu-
tions.
But I pass it. The gentlemen referred to
Mr. Jefferson coming into power through his
hostility to the sedition act of 1798; and he
had no sooner got into power than he re-
enacted it as to every officer and soldier of
your Army, and it stands the law of your
Republic from that day to this. I read from
the act of 180G:
"Any officer or soldier who shall use contemptuous
or disrespectful words against the President of the
United States, against the Vice President thereof,
against the Congress of the United States, or against
the, Chief Magistrate, or Legislature of i|ny of the
United States in which he may be quartered, if a
commissioned officer, shall be cashiered or otherwise
punished as a court-martial shall direct; if a non-
commissioned officer or soldier, he shall suffer such
punishment as shall be inflicted on him by tho sen-
tence of a court-martial."
Even unto death. That has been for more
than sixty years the law of the Republic.
Using disrespectful language toward the Pres-
ident or using disrespectfuL language toward
the Congress is an offense in an officer or
soldier.
The gentlemen read from the Constitution
in the hope, I suppose, to show that it was
utterly impossible for the Congress of the
United States to inflict pains and penalties by
law for seditious utterances either by their
President or anybody else. If it were com-
petent for the Congress of 1806 to enact that
law, it was equally competent for the Congress
of 1798 to enact a sedition law; and by the act
of 1801 these seditious utterances made in your
District are indictable as misdemeanors,
whether made by the President or anybody
else, and especially in an official charged with
the execution of the laws—for, as I read yes-
terday, a refusal to do an act required by the
law of ati officer is at common law indictable
—the attempt to procure another or others
to violate law, on the part of such officer, is
also indictable; and, in general, seditious
utterances by an executive officer at the com-
mon law always were indictable; that is to say,
to incite the people to resistance to law or to
incite the officers of the Array to mutiny or to
disregard law.
But, say counsel, this is his guarantied right
underthe Constitution. The freedom ofspeech,
says the gentleman, is not to be restricted by
a law of Congress. How is that answered by
this act of 1806, which subjects every soldier
in your Army and every officer in your Artny
to_ court-martial for using disrespectful words
of the President or of the Congress or of his
superior officers ? The freedom of speech guar-
antied by the Constitution to all the people of the
United States, is that freedom of speech which
respects, first, the right of the nation itself,
which respects the supremacy of the nation's
laws, and which finally respects the rights of
every citizen of the Republic. I believe in
that freedom of speech. That is the free-
dom of speech to which the learned gentleman
from New York referred when he quoted the
words of Milton: "Give me the liberty to
know, to argue, and to utter freely according
to conscience above all liberties." That is
the liberty which respects the rights of nations
and the rights of individuals, which is called
that virtuous liberty, a day, an hour of which,
is worth a whole eternity of bondage. That
is our American constitutional liberty—the
liberty in defense of which the noblest and the
best of our race, men of whom the world was
not worthy, have suffered hunger and thirst,
cold and nakedness, the jeer of hate, the scowl
