52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
IMPROVEMENT OP THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following memorial: which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed in the Congressional Globe :
The memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of New
Orleans to the Honorable the Senate and Hou-<o of
Keprescutatives of the Uniied States, respectfully
shows: .
That all occasion of political or sectional difference
between the people of the northern and southern
States having been submitted to, and decided by, the
arbitrament of war.it has become the duty of all who
united in that supreme appeal to accept the result in
good faith; to abide by the tenn<5of capitulation, and
to employ the agencies ot the common Government
to restore harmony, and relieve the country from the
effects of such unexampled destruction of life and
property. , _
The result of the war 13 proclaimed to be the suprem-
acy of the Federal Government. The Federal debt
and Federal taxes arc declared paramount obliga-
tions, and the State highways subject to Federal con-
The Federal Government is administered by and
for the benefit of a majority of the persons interested.
To avail themselves, therefore, of the principles
thus established, your memorialists apprehend that
it will only be necessary to show that the interests
represented by them are in a proper sense of such
national importance as to justify public legislation
for their aid. In this point of view it becomes proper
to submit these interests in review. Your honorable
body can thus decide how far you will be warranted
in extending to them tho same protection whiehyou
have bestowed upon other interests, similar, but not
superior in importance.
Tho irresistible power of the Mississippiriver, and
the vast expense attending the restraint of its waters,
renders this work a heavy burden on those who cul-
tivate its borders. They complain that the tax of
labor necessary to maintain this great work should
be imposed entirely upon them. They say to those
beyond reach ofinundation, You should contribute by
lending State credit, because you derive from the
land reclaimed or protected an increased revenue.
This argument has provailed in this State. It has
been especially forcible since the freed citizen, who
owns no land and has no fixed habitation, cannot bo
expected to labor in the protection of the lands of
others without compensation for doing so. If, then,
all the citizens of Louisiana consent to bear their
proportion of the tax to repair tho levees, why should
not the principle be oxtendedfurther? This national
work should be a national charge.
General Humphrey, by order of the War Depart-
ment, made a survey of tho Jevoes on tho lower Mis-
sissippi, with a view to their immediate repair. Tho
complete and permanent repair of all the levees
would require, it is estimated, for the State of
Arku-n* ts, $1,200,000; Mississippi, $1,500,000; Louisi-
ana, $1,203,009; total, $3,500,000. Of the country
which these levees would save from overflow Gen-
eral Humphrey rfcmarks:
" Tne area thus protected amounts to 34,700 square
miles, of which a mere narrow strip along the banks
of tho rivor and aloug a few bayous.has been opened
for cultivation. Of this area 12,300 square miles are
below Red river, and belong to the sugar region.
Under a proper system of drainage one third of it
may be eventually opened and cultivated, or 2,500,000
acres."
A formal application for the reparation of the
levees has been mado by the State authorities of
Louisiana and is now pending before Congress. It
presents the whole equity of tho claim. It furnishes
the entire statistics ofthe extent of the injury and
the means of reparation. Your memorialists will
not trespass upon its precincts by restating its argu-
ments. They refer to, indorse, and adopt it. But
we may state that tho riparian proprietors are them-
selves unable to replace tne levees. The State author-
ities have authorized the issue of State bonds and
State agents have endeavored to negotiate a sale
without success. In this emergency tne solo trust of
Louisiana is upon tho aid of Congress. It is to be
hoped it will be granted in tho endorsement of the
State bonds and in the renewal of tho swamp-land
grant to the States bordering upon the Mississippi
and its tributaries.
But as a strictly commercial representative the
Chamber of Commerce may be allowed to present the
national importanceof the various interestsdepend-
entupon tho reparation of tho lovees and tho removal
of obstructions to river navigation.
Tne SUGAR CROP OF LOUISIANA.
Louisiana is the only one of the States which pro-
duces cane sugar in quantity—the product atone time
equaled about three fourths of tho whole sugar con-
sumed in tho United States. Were its past production
restored—which cannot be done without the repara-
tion of tho levees—it would even now amount to forty
percent, of the whole consumption. To furnish some
idea of the extent to which this important interest
bas been damaged wo givo tho number of tons pro-
duced in 18(31,1864,1885, andl865, with the number of
plantations at the same periods:
1861. 1864. . 1S65. 1866.
Crop hhds  449,000 6,668 14,790 39,000
No.of plantations  1,291 175 188 347
It will then be seen that the sugar plantations of
Louisiana numbered in 1866 very little more than
one fourth of those worked in 1861, and that the crop
VT,ls sowcely tnoro than one tenth the weight
of that of 1861. The value of tho crop of 1861 was
paid chiefly in eastern merchandise and western
provisions.
Tho dearruotion of the free-growi* sugar of LonU-
; iana has thrown the United States upon the slav*e-
1 grown sugar of Brazil and Cuba. It has destroyed a
! home market for American manufactures and other
1 products, and compelled tho importation ot specie to
! pay tor what was foi merly paid lor in our own prod-
' ucts. To show that the American sugar supply is
only paid to a small extent with domestic products
and domestic currency, we adopt from tho report ot
theNew York Chamber of Commerce tho statement
of tiugurund molasses imported into and produced
by the United States for the yeurl$6>-66. It will show
tho wants of the American people and the ability of
the country to supply them with this important social
necessity. . „   „ , . ,
" The total consumption of raw sugar ot nil kinds
in tho United States may bo stated at 412,000 tons." _
A detailed statement of the sugar consumed in 1865
is thus given: „
Ton9.
Total foreign sugar.  345,809
Home crop of cane sugar .. o.OiX)
j\I a pie sugar, estimated  30,000
Sugar made from molasses at refineries  22,300
Total  403,109
Wo may then safely assume that the sugar annually
imported amounts to 350,000 tons. This at 8.3 cents
per pound, gold, would amount to $58,100,000, includ-
ing duty.
The molasses imported thesame ycarwas 34,335,038
gallons, which atthirtv-two cents per gallon would
amount to $10,987,212 16.
This aggregate of $69,087,212 lGwas paid for in gold*
less tho value of American products exported^ to tho
sugar countries, and which may be safely estimated
at not exceeding $10,000,000 per annum.
Tho State of Louieuan.i produced before the war
449,000 hogsheads, or 225,000 tons. Estimating the
total annual consumption of the United States as
stated it would appear that Louisiana is capable of
producing about forty per cent, of the sugars con-
sumed in the United States, or of saving to the
nation the exportation of at least S2i,000,000 in gold,
: or its equivalent.
1 THE COTTON CROP.
We need not add to this common Ipss the value of
cotton produced under protection of the same levees.
This cotton may be made elsewhere, but the river
lands of Louisiana inundated without hope of
reclamation there is no other field within the juris-
diction of the United States in which cane sugar can
be produced in quantity.
The general diminution of the cotton crop affects
every one who wears cotton. It is an interest of too
much material importance to require discussion
here. It maybe remarked that the tax on cotton
production is a specific burden which bears very
heavy upon tho Northwest. Tmstax tends to reduce
the profits of the planter. When the culture of cot-
ton is profitable the planter finds it more advantageous
to employ his labor more exclusively in cotton, thus
making a large market for western stock and provis-
ions. When the value of cotton declines the planter
first produces his own provisions and then employs
his surplus labor in the production of cotton. This
effect of the decline in the price and profits of cotton
is visible in the reduced shipment of provisions to the
southern Stages.
The removal of obstructions in the MiaiUsippi from
its highest navigable point to the Balize.
In the statement and argument which follows New
Orleans is rather a witness than a principal party.
The true petitioner and claimant is the whole valley
and tributaries ol the Mississippi. It is, moreover, the
vast and productive region which is now expanding
to the gorges ot the Kocky mountains,and deploying
its immigiant columns along the Red river ol the
North. Even tho Columbia region, soon to be occu-
pied by a highly civilized people, can obtain tropical
products in no manner so conveniently as*by tho
Mississippi. Thepopulation of the Northwestintcr-
estcd in this commerce with the tropics has been
estimated recently at 17,000,000. The values created
by them for exportation are very little short of
$100,000,000.
The values imported are of proportionate magni-
tude. But why trouble you with statistics? Esti-
mate tho wealth and influence of this region as you
will and it will moro than verify by its progress the
grandeur of your predictions. In the language of
Mr. Burke, when imploring Great Britain to pre-
serve tho mother and colonies as an imperial unit
he cited the unexampled growth of the colonies:
" While you pause to make the figures the facts are
upon you." The value, the power of that great val-
ley is incalculable. It is in, of, and around you. It
came to the field at your call to overwhelm with its
irresistible numbers and resources all military resist-
ance, and it will come to the polls with a force, as
decisive when it demands that the channel which
irou-clads or chain-booms could not close shall not
be sealed hermetically by the silent accumulation
of—mud. These vast productions, this numerous
people have openly oharged that they are at the
mercy of certain artificial lines of transportation
lying between them and the markets of the world.
They complain that these lines combine to raise the
freight on their products, insomuch that the bushel
of wheat which cost to the producer ten cents must
•pay other twenty cents transportation to the eastern
and Atlantic market cities. These lines have of late
years taken more than half the tonnage between the
Mississippi valley and the Atlantic.
This powerful interest demands the free navigation
of the Mississippi—free irom tolls, transshipment or
delay. They want the use of this great salety-valvo
and waste-gate,that whenever the artificial and cor-
porate way* shall eombine to exa<H too large a phare '
of their products for this transmission to market they
may open the vast free thoroughfare and escape
the monopoly.
The interior interest likewise complains that the
vast trade in tho tropical products, composed chicfly
of groceries exchanged for provisions exported from
that interior in payment are condemned by river
obstructions to pass across to and from the eastern
Atlantic cities for export and import. That the Hour
of Iowa should cross the Mississippi to go to New
York, and the coffee of Brazil seek the western con-
sumers by the same indirect ch  nnel is unnatural.
That the freight which should be paid to tho steam-
boat interests of Cincinnati, St. Louis, and New Or-
leans, and tho railroads ot Chicago and Illinois should
pass to eastern railroads and shipping is a diversion,
of tho legitimate resources of one section to enrich
another. So far as this perversion of the course of
trade is the result of enterprise and intelligence it is
commendable and not to be complained of, butwhen
the Government, by large grants of public lands to
railroads and canals, by privileges of direct importa-
tions in bond, by granting subsidies and mail con-
tracts to steam lines—when to this is added the fail-
uro of Congress to make appropriations adequate to
open and keep open tho Mississippi outlets—then the
people of the great Northwest deem they have a risrht
to complain, and yourmcmorialists must sympathize
with and support them in their appeal for redress.
THE UPPER OBSTRUCTIONS.
Your memorialists by no mcanscontent themselves
with asking that tho obstacles at the mouth of the
Mississippi should be removed. They are sensible
that an immense trade belonging to the upper North-
west is now restrained by the obstructions at the •
Des Moines and other rapids of the upper livers.
They know that northern enterprise desires to take
this vast trade directly across to the Atlantic ports:
but the Northwest has appealed to Congress for aid
in the removal of these obstructions. This appeal re-
quires neither argument nor exposition atour hands.
Nothing more is necessary than for us to wish them
! success, and to give the assurance that New Orleans
1 desires alike the removal of every obstacle to navi-
gation from the mouth of the Mississippi to ita
sources.
1 CHARACTER OF BALIZE OBSTRUCTIONS.
The report of General McAllister to Major General
| A. A. Humphreys, Chief ot Engineers United States
Army, will aiford tho most authentic and impartial
opinion as to thecharacterof theimpediments at tho
Balize. This report states that " the character of the
work is such that it is not susceptible of entire and
permanent completion, the waters of the river being
always heavily laden with sediment, the channels
across the bars at its mouth rapidly till to their ori-
ginal dimensionsror compel cessation of work upon
them."
PROBABLE COST OF THE "WORK.
The same report says: "It is verydesirable that at
least one of the channels should have a depth of
twenty feet; estimating for this depth instead of
eighteen feet, as above, the required appropriation
wquld amount to $200,000 for the single channcl."
But your memorialists having laid down the princi-
ple that the obstructions should be removed have
only to refer to the estimates mado by the authority
to which they have before referred. The work should
be done by the Federal Government, and whether it
cost two hundred thousand dollars or a million dol-
lars neither alfect the national obligation nor the
national interest.
This capital sum or annuity charged upon the pop*
ulatioo and wealth of the whole Union would be
almost an imperceptible contribution. Levied as a
special tax on New Orleans and the tonnage of tho
Mississippi rivdr, it would be a permanent charge
upon trade, almost as fatal to its increase as the
phy&ical obstructions it has been applied to remove.
VALUES IN TRANSITU.
The total values imported from the interior and
New Orleans in 1866-67 are estimated at $168,343,569,
being less by $33,378,600 than for the year preceding.
This difference may be attributed in good part to the
declineinthepriceofcotton, which, whilethe weights
were nearly equal, differed in price $42,672,786. Tho
imports paying duty were valued at $11,129,779. Tho
values imported coastwise can only be estimated con-
jecturally. We think $40,000,000 a lioeral amount.
There was then last year a value in transitu to and *
through New Orleans amounting to more than two
hundred and twenty million dollars; estimated to
comprehend more than half the values annually
exported by the whole United States. These sums
are only indications of the commercial value which
might be conducted through the same channel prop-
erly improved.
THE COFFEE TRADE.
We may here especially refer to the importation
of coffee, which is consumed in great quantities in
the Northwest, and at a cost much enhanced by the
obstructions which have contributed to drive this
important article to the Atlantic ports, thus charg-
ing tho interior with additional freight. From the
same authority quoted before we leafn that the total
coffee consumed in the United States in 1865 was
128,146,356 pounds. "Before the war," says the re-
port, "the western States drew the bulk of their
supplies of coffee from New Orleans by their natural
and cheaply traversed highway, the Mississippi
river." "In 1859 the consumption of New Orleans
exceeded any other port, including even thatofNew
York." What a change has taken place I New York,
including the coastwise receipt, has received nearly
eighty-four and three fifthsof the wholecoffee import
of tho country. Tho stock imported into New Orleans
last year was 82,176 bags against 267,000 in I860, while
Cincinnati has imported as muea as 120,000. What
