1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Michigan ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be appropriated for the payment of the travel-
ing expenses of James Bock, late corporal
of company C, seventh regiment Michigan
volunteer cavalry, from Great Salt Lake City,
in the Territory of Utah, where he was mus-
tered out of service on the 30th of November,
186-5, to the place of his enrollment, a sum
sufficient to allow him $325, deducting there-
from the amount, if any, paid to him for com-
mutation of travel, pay, and subsistence by
the Government, when thus mustered out; and
that the account be settled and paid under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is no written re-
port I hope the gentleman from New York will
state the facts.
Mr. WARD. There is a unanimous report,
which 1 ask to be read.
The Clerk read the report. It appears that
the petitioner on the 27th of February, 1864,
was mustered into the United States military
service as a private in the seventh Michigan
cavalry tor the term of three years or during
the war ; that on or about the 31st of October,
1805, the petitioner with other enlisted men
and non-commissioned officers of said regi-
ment were at Fort Bridger for the purpose of
being consolidated with the first Michigan vol-
unteer cavalry; that the consolidation took
place according to the orders of the War De-
partment in the month of November, 18G5, at
which time and place it was found the peti-
tioner was the only man in excess of the proper
quota necessary to fill up the regiment as con-
solidated to the maximum strength. The pe-
titioner was thereupon ordered to Great Salt
Lake City, and on the 30th of November fol-
lowing was mustered out of the service and
compelled to return to his home at Saginaw,
Michigan, at his own expense, and without
being furnished with transportation. These
facts are sufficiently proved by the papers from
the War Department.
On the 8th of July. 1866, in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, it was provided by law that trans-
portation should be furnished to the first Mich-
igan cavalry from Utah Territory to the place
of enlistment of said regiment, in the State of
Michigan. The petitioner is entitled to have
that provision of law extended to him, the ben-
efit of which he has been deprived by the con-
solidation of the seventh with the first regiment
of Michigan cavalry,
Mr. WARD. The report contains all the
facts in the case, and the bill is presented by
direction of the Committee of Claims unan-
imously. I trust there will be no objection to
it. I apprehend there can be none. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the following cases ;
and the same were laid on the table :
Petition of Frederick J. Jones, praying ap-
propriation for relief; and
Petition of Amelia Ann Whittaker.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired.
leave op absence.
Mr. Taber, on account of sickness in his
family, was granted leave of absence. Mr.
Stone was also granted indefinite leave- of
absence.
grants of lands to nevada.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 190, fur-
ther to provide for giving effect to the various
grants of public land%to the State of Nevada,
with amendments ; which were ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
idaho land officers.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, from the same
committee, reported back House bill No. 652
to increase the compensation of registers and
receivers in the Territory of Idaho ; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
undervaluation of importations.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1071) to
further prevent undervaluation of merchandise
imported into the United States, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
new york post route.
■ Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1072) to declare
a post route from Lake View, Erie county,
New York, by way of North Evans, Eden Val-
ley, Eden, Collins, and Shirley; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
admission os' southern states.
The SPEAKER stated the first business ii
order was House bill No. 1058, to admit the
States of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama to repre-
sentation in Congress, on which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield ten minutes to my
colleague.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, after the expe-
riences of the past I have no hope that any-
thing which can be said on this side of the
House will affect legislation on the bill now
under consideration. But it is due to the great
interest which attaches to the matter from the
constitutional and other general considerations
which it involves, that we should follow up our
opposition to the reconstruction acts by the
most unqualified objection to the pending
measure.
„ The bill now before us is the legitimate result
of that legislation which has already taken place
in regard to the reconstruction of the southern
States. On adopting the views of the majority
I ought, perhaps, to say in regard to certain ter-
ritory recently acquired by a war of subjuga-
tion and conquest waged by the United States
against several millions of its own citizens.
The ropugnance of a large portion of the
Republican party and of its Representatives
to the extreme doctrines promulgated in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] yielded to the
strong radical opinions of their leaders, and,
as has always been the case in all such strug-
gles, the weakness of the timid and vacillating
soon gave way before the arguments and de-
mands of those of stronger nerves and bolder
views. The whole party has thus for some years
past moved together in regard to these meas-
ures, headed by those whose opinions were
denounced and whose positions as leaders were
contested in the days of President Lincoln,
and one more of the measures "outside of the
.Constitution'' is now before us.
The brief time for which I am entitled to the
floor does not permit me to enter into any ex-
amination of the provisions of the several con-
stitutions. Indeed, no sufficient time has been
afforded to us for that purpose, as they were
only laid on our tables yesterday. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] called the
attention of the House yesterday to several
most objectionable provisions which some of
them contained, especially as to the compul-
sory education of whites and blacks together."'
But I must leave this part of the subject, and
content myself with referring to some historical
facts connected with the origin of the recon-
struction measures.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] is entitled to the credit, or must
bear the odium of these measures according to
the light in which they may be viewed.
But it is to be said to his honor that he has
at all times boldly expressed his views, and
maintained them with all the ability for which
he is distinguished. He has admitted that
these measures are outside of the Constitution,
and he has brought his party friends up to his
standard. In voting articles of impeachment
against the President they seem quite to have
overlooked their own disregard of the funda-
mental law of the Commonwealth, but this ia
very likely to happen with those who forsake
the paths of political rectitude, and look for-
ward only to party success and to party su-
premacy.
In the few minutes left to me I will call atten-
tion to a discussion which took place in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress on what was called the
confiscation bill, when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] propounded views
to the House which not only cxcitcd much at-
tention here but produced a profound impres-
sion throughout the country. Those views
were to a great extent entirely novel. They
had been hinted at, they had been broached,
but they nover -'had been fully placed eithei?
before Cong^fes or the country until the memo-
rable deb&e of January, 1864, when the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania rose
place and defined his position. In most
its aspects it was so entirely novel that it
startled his own political friends. But although
they then disavowed his views they afterward
fully came up to them and have acted with him
for more than two years past.
You, Mr. Speaker, (Mr. Broomall in the
chair,) were here, and will recollect the interest
excited by that debate. You may remember
how members of the House, on both sides,
clustered around the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and the deep interest with which they
listened to his remarks. His position was, that
by the acts of our own Government in ex-
changing prisoners, but, above all, by the proc-
lamation of blockade, which was intended as
a measure on our part to aid in suppressing
the rebellion, we had acknowledged that the
southern States were belligerents, in the full
sense of that word, under the law of nations,
and henceforth the struggle was between two
nationalities, and not a struggle on our part to
suppress a rebellion. Oil that theory he based
those views which have resulted in measures
which now bring before us the constitutions
of these southern provinces—for such they are,
according to his theory—for our acceptance
and approval, and for us to say whether these
States, all of which, I believe, except one, were
original members of the confederacy, shall be
again recognized as States of the Union.
I need not remind you that that theory was
received with marks of strong disapprobation
by President Lincoln's Cabinet, for it was in
fact a direct censure upon the President. It
was a declaration that an act which he had
approved had changed the struggle from an
attempt to put down rebellion to a recognition
of belligerent rights on the part of the rebel
States. We all know how much that doctrine
was controverted at the time and how strongly
and earnestly it was denounced by gentlemen
holding positions connected with the adminis-
tration of President Lincoln. But, sir, the
views were boldly carried out and we have the
result now before us as far as it has been
reached in this direction in the shape of these
constitutions now presented for our approval.
I refer to these facts for. their historical
interest as showing the entire change of front
which has taken place in the Republican party
on this great vital point, and how the bold
views and the bold manner in which they were
urged by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
have induced that party, ail, of its members
here, I believe, without exception, to come over
to his position and to act upon his p^mcipJle:s.
At a subsequent stage of that debate I at-
tempted, ass well fts m feeble ability would
