1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4509
my own principle of action.
Having cherished fondly and devotedly
through my life an " ardent and unconquerable
hostility to every form of tyranny over the
minds" and bodies of men, I had opposed
slavery ever and defended the right of every
subject of law to his unit of influence in determ-
ining the political force that should control his
conduct and regulate and protect his rights.
The position was not a new one with me.
Through all the days of my life I had maintained
the principle. When the war-cloud settled upon
our whole southern horizon and threatened to
deluge the whole land as it did, I saw through the
dark present into the bright future and beheld
my cherished hopes fulfilled. Still I did oppose
what to me was a fearful crime, although through
its agency the future was filled with hope. To
gain that point the red cloud of war had to be
passed with its fields of slain, devastation, and
demoralization. It was upon these principles
that 1, with a few other persons, began the work
of reconstruction in Tennessee. It was upon
that basis that the work of reconstruction was
effected. From the beginning I anxiously de-
sired the complete triumph of my own long
hoped for and fondly cherished views.
I may be permitted here to state my own
principle of political action. Through life I
have asked only for the right of a free expres-
sion of opinion. I have opposed alike the
influence of the sword and the tyranny of a
bigoted and overbearing public opinion coerced
by social influences and party machinery. I
have relied on the power of thought to en-
lighten and purify the human soul. It is light
and light alone that can effect an enduring and
desirable revolution. The sword, the inquisi-
tion, tortures, impeachments, are all from the
same source, and are alike opposed to the
principle of adequate freedom. I could in no
case approve of either, unless as the work of pre-
destined fate; then I would submit in reverence,
although it would be in sorrow. I do not wish
to state that I condemn courts and their judg-
ments ; they are, in the present state of society,
necessities. They are never to be resorted to
unless for the gravest considerations. Reason
and justice and charity are alone the altars at
which I would have men worship.
It is true that impeachment is a constitu-
tional remedy for great and solemn crimes. It
is a remedy that must not be resorted to for
"light and transient causes," for mere party
purposes. It is a remedy to which no good
man will not shudder to resort. It is one
before which a patriot of pure and tender sen-
sibilities would stand in awe. I care not how
rash he may have been in his expression, how
much he may have been embittered and out-
raged at the course of an incumbent, no con-
siderations short of actual and unendurable
crime would permit him to look with dry eyes
at such a remedy. To tear from his high place
a man chosen by the American people for -their
first office, when the question could in a short
period pass to the people themselves for their
own decision, is not to be contemplated in
earnest action without clear and unmistakable
causes, legal, constitutional causes. When we
reflect that the President was acting according
to the opinion of a large minority, if not a
majority of the American people, and when
we again reflect that he may be endeavoring to
do his duty honestly and according to the best
lights in his power, we should pause and hesi-
tate long to strike a blow that might set all the
arteries of the nation bleeding and lay the
foundation for the overthrow of all govern-
ment. In the heat of political conflict, stimu-
lated by considerations of party triumphs and
the powerful influenpes consequent upon the
close of the rebellion, for one I should not
feel bound to permit any such decisions to influ-
ence my opinions of the question that would
come before me in the solemn capacity of a
judge. There all personal hostility, all polit-
ical prejudice, all party ties, all selfish consid-
erations nuist cease. No honorable man could
carrv them to that sacred place ; no individ-
ual with the least self- respect could dare intrude
his prejudgments into such a position.
second attempt at impeachment.
It was under the circumstances already de-
scribed and under a careful review of the past
that I approached the consideration of the
questions presented by the trial. I had opposed
the entire political theory of the Executive. I
occupied from the beginning the very advance
guard in the party of reform. Its ends had
long been cherished as the sacred principle of
the°life of the Republic. On all public ques-
tions I had acted with my party. At this stage
of the question I was bound to hesitate and
assume an individual and personal responsi-
bility. Each Senator was to become a judge
in a court sitting on the character and rights
of a human being. His duty was to pronounce
justice according to the Constitution and laws.
When the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] endeavored, at the time the question
of impeachment was pending in the^ House,
to put through the Senate a resolution pre-
pared by a distinguished member of the House,
afterward one of the managers, which would
have committed the Senate in advance of trial
for conviction, I then refused to vote for that
resolution from considerations of delicacy and
propriety as well as from the courtesy and
duty due to the accused. I will also add that
I had been in the House, which appeared to
me in the preliminary steps of revolution. The
action of the House, the tone and manner
of the members, were to my mind alarming in
the highest degree. I had passed through a
revolution before. I knew what it was to see
a whole people infuriated with resentment and
maddened with rage. I had seen thousands
upon thousands of good, earnest, pacific peo-
ple carried by a small storming party of revo-
lutionists into the vortex of iebellion. I had
before seen and felt the pressure of wild and
unbridled passion. I had seen the appeal
made to force instead of to reason. I had
seen it pour its burning flood over the whole
land, consuming and blasting man and the
fruits of his toil. I do not mean to say that
the great body of the House were not honest,
sincere, and truly patriotic. They were so,
and all the more dangerous on that account, if
stimulated into a revolutionary course. Now,
it is evident that the best men of that body
were borne down by the force of party machin-
ery and a false public opinion improvised and
brought to the Capitol for that purpose.
It was the 21st day of February, 1868, that
President Johnson issued an order for the re-_
moval of Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
Secretary for the Department of War, and on
the same day designated Lorenzo Thomas to
take charge of the office. This was the imme-
diate cause of the impeachment. Of course it
was not the real cause. It was embraced as
the occasion for hunting the Executive from
his place. It furnished the revolutionists with
the very kind of a pretext best calculated to
precipitate a violent state of feeling.
The entire series of articles are but con-
sequence of the one and only rational charge
in the list, except the tenth article and part of
the eleventh. This article the Senate voted by
a large majority to dismiss. These articles
involved the construction of the "tenure-of-
civil-office bill." That construction I had
made at the time the bill passed.^ After mature
reflection, aided by the light elicited upon the
trial, after the most exhaustive debate, I have
seen no reason to modify the judgment I formed
upon the passage of the act.
the trial.
My attention to all that passed was constant
and earnest. I am conscious that my course
was influenced with the sole desire to do my
duty to my country and the accused. I en-
deavored to look at this question in the light
that history must examine it and place its ver-
dict upon it. I have the most satisfactory
assurance, a consciousness of having dis-
charged my whole duty, unbiased and unawed
by threats of personal danger and still more
fearful threats of political and moral and social
assassination. I have seen the ambitious and
designing balked in their purposes attempt to
execute the latter. I have witnessed summer
friends "fall like autumn leaves in wintry
weather." I have seen men in high places
honored and respected, and asking to be
crowned with the choicest places in the gift
of American freemen, sink into the sewers of
meanness and exhibit traits as low as the bar-
barian. I have not been disappointed, for I
knew that they were begotten by mortals.
After all it is another assurance to me of the
correctness of my political theories, the philos-
opher is not after all so far removed from the
slave as not to be able to say, my brother.
Nor, on the other hand, is the gambler so far
from the pretentious leader of the Senate as
not to excel him in the higher elements of
manhood. If the dwellers of palaces would
see themselves, let them look into the cottage,
the cabin, and still humbler habitations. They
would then claim no preeminence.
If I have any one thing that commands my
grateful thanks to the Searcher of all hearts
for his infinite mercies, it is for that peace of
mind and conscious power of self-support that
I have gained from my action in this great
cause. God is ever on the side of him who is
meekly, reverentially, and bravely true to him-
self. It is a condition of supreme felicity to
be alone and see the baser elements of society
fall like withered leaves from around you.
I do desire one thing above all others, that
in this as it was by far the most important
event of my life, as of all those who sat with
me, that my fellow-countrymen could know as
I do the motives that influenced the men of
my party with whom I had the pleasure to act
throughout the trial. They did not and do
not pretend to any divinity; to any perfectabil-
ity, but only to an honest desire to perform
faithfully their duty.
the consequences of the trial os tlle usurpkbs.
The trial, it is well known, was protracted
from time to time for purposes that in after
years will constitute the saddest commentary
upon American justice ever manifested in our
history. The chief agents in this drama, dis-
appointed in all their dreams of future power
and rule, tortured by the superior culture and
refined intelligence of the opposing counsel who
had extinguished forever their vain hopes of
professional superiority and power, determined
to wreak their vengeance on the men they
thought they could prostrate by a charge of
corruption. They at once obtained authority
of the House of representatives to establish
an inquisition more powerful and cruel than
any that ever cursed, oppressed, and degraded
Spain. It was supported by all the power and
wealth that the most powerful Government on
this earth could furnish. The post office was
seized, the telegraph office was placed under
the command of the committee, writs com-
manded the presence of any and all witnesses
that were demanded, prisons forced the sum-
moned to testify, spies and informers haunted
the footsteps of Senators from their chambers
through all the avenues of their public and pri-
vate duty. The proud boast that I am a free
American citizen was trampled in the dust, and
a worse than Russian despotism reigned in the
capital. After weeks of toil and tyranny and
meanness and systematic falsehood the author
of the inquisitorial report, signed by B. F. But-
ler alone, comes before the country with a
statement so foully false that none but the most,
corrupt and abandoned would dare to mention
it with anything but the severest condemnation.
He makes two charges against me, that I
a speech on the 10th day of January, a
a meeting of the Union Congressional
mittee in favor of impeachment, and"1®*
onel Cooper had said that he ha Jj?
the votes of Senators henderson and I o* leu.
He then meanly insinuates the charge oi coi-
ruption. He and his accomplices invent false-
