THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of power, the gloom of the dungeon, the tor-
ture of the wheel, the agony of the fagot, the
ignominy of the scaffold and the cross, and by
their living and their dying glorified human
nature and attested its claim to immortality.
I stand, Senators, for that freedom of speech;
.hut I stand against that freedom of speech
which would disturb the peace of nations and
disturb the repose of men even in their graves.
Thefe is, Senators, but one other part of
this case that I deem it my duty particularly
further to discuss; and that is the allegation
contained in the eleventh article, which alleges
specifically the attempt, not the accomplish-
ment, of the acts, but rests onfall the .evidence,
which applies to all the other articles preferred
against this accused and guilty man—the at-
tempts by devices to incite the people to resist-
ance against their own Congress and its larws
by declaring that it was a" Congress of only
part of the States ; the attempt to prevent the
ratification by the Legislatures of the several
States of the fourteenth article of amendment
■ preferred by the Thirty-Ninth Congress on the
same ground that it was not the Congress of
the nation and had no power to propose an
article of amendment to the Constitution, a
position asserted by him even in his messages
to the Congress, reasserted in his speech; an
attempt to prevent the execution of the tenure-
of-ofEce act; an attempt to prevent the exe-
cution of the act mailing appropriations for
the support of the Army and the Department
of War, passed March 2, 1867 ; an attempt to
defeat the operation and execution of the act
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States.
Why, said the learned gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Groesbeek,] the evidence that we introduce
to support this last averment of the eleventh ar-
ticle, it appears, was a thing done by the Presi-
dent some months before the act was passed.
The gentleman was entirely right in his dates,
but he was altogether wrong in his conclusions.
We introduced the telegram for no such pur-
pose. We introduced the telegram' in order
to sustain that averment of the eleventh article
that he attempted to defeat the ratification of
the fourteentharticleof amendment, an amend-
ment essential to the future safety of the
Republic, by the judgment of twenty-five mil-
lion men who have so solemnly declared by its
ratification in twenty-three of the organized
States of the Union.
This fourteenth article of amendment, as the
Senate will recollect, was passed about the
month of June, 1866, by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. After it had been passed, and ratified
perhaps by some of the States, the President
sent this telegram to Governor Parsons, of
Alabama, dated January 17, 1867 :
"What possible good can be obtained by reconsid-
ering the constitutional amendment?"
It had already been rejected by that Legis-
lature.
" I know of none ia the present posture of affairs;
and I do not believe the people of the whole country
will sustain any set of individuals in attempts to
change the whole character of our Government by
enabling acts or otherwise."
"Any set of individuals.'" not a Congress,
but a simple mob.
" Ibelieve, on the contrary, that they will eventu-
ally uphold all who have patriotism and courage to
stand by the Constitution, and to place their confi-
' denee in the people. There should be no faltering on
the part of those who arc honest in their determina-
tion to sustain the several eoordinatedepartnients 01
the Govornmont in accordance with its original de-
sign."
Coupled with his messages to Congress, cou-
pled with the utterances of his counsel from
Tennessee, what is all this but an affirmation
on the part of the President that the States
lately in insurrection after all hold the power
over the people of the organized States of this
Union to the extent that they can neither legis-
late for the government of those disordered
communities, nor amend their own Constitu-
tion even for the Government and protection of
themselves? If it does not mean that, it means
nothing. In the language of the learned coun-
sel from New York, who appears as the able
advocate of the President at this bar, it is an
attempt on the part of the President to revive
an expiring rebellion, " the lost cause." It is
an utterance of his to the effect that unless the
ten States lately in insurrection choose to as-
sent, the people of the organized States shall
not amend their Constitution. The President
calls on men to rally to his standard in sap-
port of the coordinate departments of the Gov-
ernment against these encroachments of a
"set of individuals" upon the rights of the
people.
Senators, you remember well what the gen-
eral provisions of the fourteenth article of the
amendment were. I desire, however, to the
right understanding of this question elsewhere
as well as here, that this article of amendment
shall go into the record of 'this case, thus as-
sailed by the President in his conspiracy with
those lately in rebellion, in his attempt to re-
vive "the lost cause," in his attempt to impose
a fetter upon the nation which at last will work
its ruin and crown the rebellion itself with suc-
cess. The fourteenth article of amendment is
in these words:
article xiv.
Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States,and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process ot law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
law.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for the choice
of electors lor President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, the ex-
ecutive and judicial officers of aState, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-
one years of age and citizens of the United States, or
in any way abridged, except for participation in re-
bellion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the
number of such male citizens shall bear to thewbole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in
such State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or -Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as* a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have en-
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same,
or given aid or comfort to tile cncmtcs thereof. But
Congress nmy. by a vote of two thirds of each House,
remove such disability.
Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of the Uni-
ted States authorized by law, including debts in-
curred for payment of pensions and bounties for ser-
vices in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall
not be questioned. But neither the United States
nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obli-
gation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or any claim for the loss
or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall be held illegal ana
V°Sec. 5. That Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
. That is the article which the people desire
to adopt, and that which President by co-
operation and combination with those lately
in rebellion seeks to defeat. What right had
he to meddle with it? The gentlemen under-
took to draw a distinction between Andrew
Johnson the citizen, and Andrew Johnson
the President. I thought, Senators, at the
time I could see some significance in it. It
was a little hard for them to stand here and
defend the right of the President under his
sworn obligation to take care that the laws
be faithfully executed, and to support the
Constitution under the law and in accord-
ance with the law and the limitations of the
law, to excuse him as President for any of
those utterances. It was a much more easy
matter, if you will, to excuse him as private
citizen Andrew Johnson for saying that the
people were without a Congress, and that being
without a Congress their legislation was void,
and, of course, was not to be enforced except
in so far as he saw fit to approve or to enforce
it; that being without a Congress, they had no
right to propose this article of amendment
essential, to the future life of the Republic.
What was this at last but saying that rebellion
works no forfeiture? What was this,at. last
but saying that by acts of secession and acts of*
rebellion in sufficient numbers among eleven
States, or more than one fourth or ail ifrt
States of the Uniofl, and a persistent refusal „
to elect members to Congress, they thereby
deprive the people of legislative power,,aud by
the same method deprive the people of the
power to propose amendments to their own
Constitution ?
No more offensive words, Senators, ever were
uttered by an executive officer in this country
or any country ; no utterances more offensive
could by possibility be made by Andrew John-
son. They are understood by the common,
plain people as the utterances of an expiring
rebellion in aid of the lost cause. Hostility
to the amendment—why? Because, among
other things, it forever inakos slavery impos-
sible in the land; because, among other things,
it makes the repudiation of the plighted faith
of this nation, either to its living or to its dead
defenders,- forever impossible in the land; be-
cause, by its further provisions, it makes the
assumption of any debt or liability contracted
in aid of the rebellion, either by State or con-
gressional legislation, forever impossible in the
land ; because, by its provisions, it makes com-
pensation for slaves forever impossible in the
land, either by congressional enactment or by
State legislation. Is 4hat the secret of this
hostility? If not, then what is it? Simply
that you have no Congress and no right to
amend the Constitution ; that your nationality
is broken up and destroyed. And his owt) ad-
viser and counselor in this presence.took the
same ground, only he attempted to qualify it by
saying that you might have the power of ordi-
nary legislation, although you liad no power
of impeachment, and said that was the Presi-
dent's opinion, gave us notice in advance that
that was the President's opinion. He will
allow you to proceed with the mockery of the
trial, giving you notice, however, that you have
no right to pronounce judgment unless you
pronounce judgment of acquittal 1
As I said before, Senators, all the facts of
this case support the averment of the eleventh
article of impeachment. I do not propose to
review them. I have referred already at suffi-
cient length to the facts which do support it.
I only ask Senators to remember when they
come to deliberate that there are several aver-
ments in the eleventh article of these attempts
to violate the law which I have shown by your
act of 1801 and the rule of common law are
indictable in the District; that these were com-
mitted within the District; and that the aver-
ments are divisible. You might find him not,
guilty of one of the averments in the eleventh
article and find him guilty of another. Surely
you will find him guilty, and must find him
guilty, upon your consciences, if you hold it to
be a crime, for the President purposely and
deliberately to attempt to prevenUthe execu-
tion of a law of Congress, with or without force,
with or without threat or intimidation. You
must under the eleventh article find this man
guilty of having entered into such combination
and having contrived and devised to defeat
and hinder and prevent, as averred in that
article, the execution of the tenure-of-office
act,, especially, as therein averred, to prevent
the Secretary of War from forthwith resuming
the functions of his office in obedience to the
requirements of the act. And it js no matter
whether Secretary Stanton was within the act
or without it, it was decided by the legislative
department of the Government, by the Senate
of the United States under the Constitution,
and its decision under the law should have con-
trolled the President, as it certainly must con-
trol the Secretary.
The law was mandatory—it commanded the
Secretary, upon the decision of the Senateand
notice given to him. forthwith to resume the
functions of that office, and for disobedience
to its commands, after such judgment of th§
