2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®
.May 14)
allow me, to sho\v how entirely the gentleman
from Pennsylvaniamisunderstood and miscon-
strued the jH'Oclanration of belligerency "which,
w^s issued by President Lincoln. It was a
proclamation which- on its face declared the
existence of the rebellion as a rebellion, and
that was put forward as one of the measures
for the suppression of that rebellion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.' PRUYN. Will my colleague allow me
a moiflent or two longer ?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRUYN. I referred then to the lan-
guage of that proclamation, and especially to
the concluding clause of it, which declared that
afiy attempt on the part of any persons on the
high seas claiming authority under this pre-
tended confederation to disturb the commerce
of the United States would be treated as piracy,
for the purpose of showing that the construc-
tion put by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
on that proclamation was not one warranted
either by its terms or by its meaning as derived
from the face of the proclamation itself.
Mr. Speaker, I should have liked to say
some things more upon this subject and others
collaterally connected with it, but my time
has expired", and I yield the floor to my col-
lfeague.
Messrs. BROOKS and PAINE addressed
the House. [Their remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM; It is not my purpose to j
delay the House with this discussion. I desifcy
to say in the outset that it does seem to me
that the public interest requires the speedy res-
toration of the States lately in insurrection to
political power in the Union. That is the gen-
eral object of the bill, and in so far it has my
entire approval. It is my purpose to support
the bill, not because I am satisfied with all its
details; I desire to amend it, not because I
am satisfied with the provisions of these con-
stitutions, I would wish to see them amended,
but because, under the circumstances, it is the
best that can be done for the public interest.
And I desire to say in this connection that
it ill becomes gentlemen who represent what
is called the Democratic party to be saying
one word about the constitutions of these
several States, for if there is any fact more
clearly established in the history of the Re-
public than another it is the fact which has
drenched this land in blood, that constitutions
on the side of despotism, never to be repealed
by the action of their people, even in the in-
terest of the rights of a common huitoanity,
received upon this floor the united vote of the
Democratic party that come here to make this
howl against free constitutions. Let gentle-
men go back and read their records on the con-
stitutions of the past and be silent, especially
their record on the constitution of the State of
Arkansas and the infamous Lecompton consti-
tution. Let them go back and read their record
upon the fugitive slave act of 1850 and be
silent. Let them go back and read the resolu-
tion pronounced at Baltimore in 1852, wherein
they undertook to dispose of the reserved rights
of all the people of this country as a party
organization and be silent. I have nothing
but contempt for the pretenses of these apostles
of constitutional liberty at this time of day,
neither have the American people.
Mr. WOODWARD. It is reciprocated.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says it is
reciprocal. _ Reciprocity implies equality, and
thank God it is not reciprocal; for there is no
equality in the case.
Mr. WOODWARD. I said it was recipro-
cated.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, no matter. The
constitutions of these several States, in accord-
ance with the spirit and letter of the Constitu-
tion of the United States as it stands amended
by the act of the American people, secure
equal political and civil rights and equal priv-
ileges to all citizens of the United States,
native born and naturalized. Time was in
this Republic when that was Democracy. If
the utterance of Jefferson ever meant any-
thing—and I thiuk it signified a great deal—it
meant precisely that when he declared for
equal and exact justice to all men; equality
of rights to all. This is all I desire to say ®n
that subject.
I now desire to call the attention of the
House very briefly to the amendment which I
offered to the bill as reported by the commit-
tee, and it is to strike from the bill as reported
these words:
That the constitutions of said States shall never bo
so amended or charmed as to deurive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are now entitled to vote by said constitu-
tions respectively, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted.
One reason why I desire to strike that pro-
vision out is this, that these constitutions are
in conflict with each other.
Mr. PAINE. I understood that the gentle-
man's amendment was to strike out those
words and insert certain others.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly, and I am going
to read what I propose to insert, but I desire
first to explain what I want to strike out aud
why. My statement to the House is—-and I
desire the attention of the House to it—that
this provision, as it stands reported by the
committee, expressly declares that no person
now authorized to vote by the several consti-
tutions of the States named in this billsliall by
/any amendment to these constitutions ever be
deprived of that right.
What I desire to say further in this connec-
tion is that that perpetuates the conditions of
franchise in each of these constitutions pre-
cisely as they stand recorded this day, and
those conditions of franchise in the several
constitutions presented are in direct conflict
with each other. They can hardly all be right,
if right be involved in any conditions imposed
by States upon the elective franchise. For
example, the constitution of North Carolina,
on page 49 of the report, requires thirty days'
residence in the county in which the party
shall offer to vote. The constitution of Louisi-
ana, on the other hand, on page 29, requires
ten days' residence in the parish. By your bill
you declare that Louisiana shall not increase
the term of residence to thirty days, and you
declare just as well that North Carolina shall
not increase the term to forty days. In oth®r
words, like the laws of the Modes and Persians,
these constitutions are to be perpetual in this
behalf; because, if North Carolina should
change its constitution so that a party voting
should be required to have a residence of forty
days instead of thirty days, it would violate
this fundamental condition ; and if Louisiana
should change its constitution so as to make it
like that of North Carolina and require a resi-
dence of thirty days instead of ten days, it
would violate this condition.
Now, who is there here who is ready to say
that a State shall not be at liberty at its pleas-
ure to make these changes, provided it does
not discriminate?
One word further and I have done. In one
of these cases the constitution provides that a
mere declaration of intention shall entitle a
party resident in the State for a period of
twelve months, and in the county thirty days,
to vote, while the other constitutions declare
that there must be actual naturalization and
citizenship. Are you going to say that the
State which has thus provided shall not he-
permitted to so amend its constitution as to
put it in harmony with nine tenths of the con-
stitutions of the States of this Union, and say
that the elective franchise, which is the final
power of the Republic, shall only be exercised
by citizens of the Republic ? This amendment
in spirit prohibits any such change in the con-
stitution of the State, for the simple reason
that the constitution itself secures to persons
who have declared their intentions to become
citizens the right to vote. Yourprohibition is
that they shall never so amend the constitution
as to take the right to vote away from any
person who is now invested with that power by
the constitution as it now stands.'
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Willtlip. genilernaw
allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman to what seems to me
to be a misstatement by him of the provision
of this bill; an unintentional misstatement, of
course. The provision is not that the consti-
tution shall never be Amended so as to deprive
any person of the right to vote, but so as to
deprive any citizen of the right to vote who is
now entitled to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Admit that; it does not
alter the force of my argument at all. It only-
shows the inconsistencies of this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A foreigner not nat-
uralized is not a citizen.
Mr. BINGHAM. Agreed. But how does
that answer my argument about the provisions
requiring ten days' and thirty days' residence ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does not.
Mr. BINGHAM. And also the provisions
requiring six months' and one year'sresidence ?
One constitution declares that a person re-
siding in the State one year, and in the elec-
tion district thirty days, shall be entitled to
vote; and according to this bill that provision
is never to be changed. Another constitution
prescribes only six months' residence in the
State and ten days in the parish, and that is
never to be changed. Why not?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Permit
me to say to the gentleman that the bill does
not provide that the constitution shall not be
changed in that respect, but that it shall not
be changed so as to deprive a person of the
right to vote who is now entitled to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; this is the provis-
ion of the bill:
That the constitution of sn.id State shall never bo
so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are now entitled to vote by said constitu-
tions respectively.
Mr. STEVENS, of. Pennsylvania. Yes;
that is the provision of the bill.
, Mr. BINGHAM. As the constitution of
one of these States now provides, a man resid-
ing in the State for six months and in the
parish for ten days is entitled to vote. But if
the constitution is so changed as to require
twelve months' residence in the State instead
of six months, or thirty days in the parish in-
stead of ten days, then he is deprived of the
right to vote, and there is no escape from it.
Now, the object of this provision of the bill
I believe to be good; that is; to prevent class
legislation and discrimination against the
poor; to prevent such amertdments of the con-
stitution as would put the elective franchise in
the hands of a favored class, to the exclusion
of the body of the people, especially to the
exclusion of those lately in slavery. But that
object I submit is secured by the amendment
which I have offered. I move to strike out of
the bill the following:
That the constitutions of said States shall never bo
so amended ore-hanged as lo deprive auv citizen or
class of citizens of tne United States of the rislit to
vote who are now entitled to vote by said constitu-
tions respectively, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been dulj* convicted*
The remainder of the section I propose to
leave in the bill, as follows :
And no person s>hull ever be held to service or labor
as a punishment for crime in said Sraies, except "by
fi?bthSl°awXre$rdlritt tke custody of convicts
That I do not touch. I move to substitute
tor the words stricken out the following:
hi?fh™-LVl1 and.Pol>tical rights and privileges shall
zens ofthe Kc?red in-laid Platc* <«   
J"'®"1.8, resident therein, in to far
as is now provided m saidoonsututionsrespectively.
. That all citizens shall be forever equal, sub-
ject to like penalties for like crimes and no
other. I leave to the people the rigljt to amend
their State constitutions, subject to the require-
ments of the Federal Constitution. The civil
^ political rights and privileges of citizens
of the United States of like age, sex, find resi-
dence, shall be equally enjoyed; they shall fee
