1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
into public life under a Government which was
felt,- not in the burdens which it imposed, but
only in the blessings which it bestowed—a
Government extending over a domain more
vast than that ever inhabited by any free peo-
ple. Against its eastern coast the mighty
waves of the Atlantic rolled and fell back,
while its western shore was laved by the milder
waters of the Pacific. Its northern frontier
extended to the furthest abodes of civilized
men, while its southern boundary was washed
by that gulf whose waters sparkle in the rays
of a tropical sun. The people who inhabited
this vast domain enjoyed the priceless heritage
of liberty regulated by law. Throughout the
whole land there was no voice heard but that
of rejoicing and praise. Peace, happiness, and
contentment everywhere prevailed. How
changed the scene! To-day that Government
is the same only in name. To one third of the
people who acknowledge its legitimate author-
ity its blessings are wholly denied, and all are
in danger of losing forever the enjoyment of
the rights and liberties which it was intended
to secure. That territory is divided by a geo-
graphical line into the territory of the con-
queror and the conquered; and the bill under
consideration deliberately proposes to erect
over the conquered territory, greater in extent
than that of the three most powerful nations
of Europe, and over the people inhabiting it, a
purely military despotism, more absolute and
galling than that which has ever oppressed any
people since the institution of Governments
among men.
What has caused all this ? I answer, a depart-
ure from the principles, teachings, and exam-
ples of the founders of the Republic. Twelve
years ago a party arose which planted itself
upon the false and pernicious doctrine of the
absolute equality of races and of men. Cau-
tious at first, it professed only opposition to the
extension of slavery and its exclusion from all
the territory of the United States not included
in the limits of the States where slavery did
already exist. Failing in its first attempt to
gain possession and control of the Govern-
ment, in 1860 it renewed its efforts and nomi-
nated for President a man who declared that
the "States could not exist half slave and half
free;" and who, of course, was pledged, bythe
utterance of his opinions at least, to cause them
all to become free through the action of the
Federal Government and in violation of the
Constitution and laws of the States. Owing to
the divisions among those opposed to the mis-
named Republican party, it triumphed; and,
flushed with success and greedy for the exercise
of power, it heeded not the mutterings of the
gatheringstorm—refused to listen to the expres-
sion of the apprehensions of those whose fears
had become aroused, whose interests were en-
dangered, and whose safety was threatened by
that success. Disregarding the exa-mple of the
fathers and founders of the Republic, the rep-
resentatives of that party spurned all compro-
mise of differences, refused to give any guaran-
tees for the protection of person and property,
and claimed absolute obedience to their will as
it should be manifested in legislative and ex-
ecutive action. War was the consequence.
This party waged three wars at one and the
same time. A war against the southern States,
a war against their political opponents, and
a war against the Constitution of the United
States. In the prosecution of theso wars they
were guilty of almost every offense for the com-
mission of which our fathers declared their
independence of the British Crown and made
war to secure that independence. I will say
nothing of their action in respect to the people
of the South. Against those who adhered to
the Union, and who were much more devoted
to the Constitution and Government of the
United States than they were themselves, they
were guilty of the following offenses charged
in the Declaration of Independence:
I. They dissolved Legislatures for opposing
with manly firmness their invasions on the
rights of the people.
II. They obstructed the administration of
justice by imprisoning judges and officers of
the law.
Hi. They attempted to make judges depend-
ent on their will alone for the tenure^ of their
offices and the payment of their salaries.
IV. They erected a multitude'of new offices
and sent among them swarms of officers to
harass the people and eat out their sub-
stance.
V. They kept among the people, who were
at peace among themselves, standing armies,
without the consent of their Legislatures.
VI. They rendered the military independent
of and superior to the civil power.
VII. They subjected the jjeople to a jurisdic-
tion foreign to their constitutions and unac-
knowledged by their laws.
VIII. They quartered large bodies of armed
troops among them.
XI . They protected officers and troops from
punishment for murders and other crimes
committed by them.
X. They cut off the trade of the people
among themselves and with other parts of the
world.
XI. They deprived the people in many cases
of the benefits of the trial by jury
XII. Without authority of law their President
exercised the following puwers which belong
exclusively to Congress and was thereby guilty
of usurpation, which usurpation was approved
by the Republican party, and thus it became
their act:
1. He increased the Army.
2. He increased the Navy.
3. He appropriated the public money.
4. He regulated commerce with foreign na-
tions.
5. Ho regulated commerce between the
States.
(i. lie contracted debt on behalfof the nation.
7. He suspended the writ of habeas corpus.
XIII. The following powers, denied both to
Congress and the President, their President
exercised, which exercise of unauthorized
power they approved, and thereby arc guilty
as a party of the usurpation themselves :
f. He proclaimed martial law.
2. He arrested without a legal warrant.
3. Imprisoned and punished without con-
viction and legal trial.
i. Punished under ex post facto or non-
existing law.
6. Introduced lettres de cachet, bastiles, and
the midnight secret proceedings of the Inqui-
sition.
C. Interdicted exports.
7. Favored some ports to the prejudice of
others.
8. Regulated the commerce of a State with-
in its own bounds.
9. Impaired the freedom of speech and of
the press.
10. Infringed the people's right to keep and
bear arms.
11. Made unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures.
12. Prohibited emigration and required pass-
ports.
13. Dismissed the police of cities in States
not proclaimed in insurrection and appointed
others in their place.
14. Interfered by the military force with the
freedom of elections in the States.
15. Took private property for public use
without just compensation.
XIV. This party has conferred the elective
franchise upon the negroes in the District of
Columbia against the will of the people.
XV. They have placed Governors over the
people against their will and in violation of
their laws by military force.
XVI. They have caused pretended Legisla-
tures to be selected in the States against the will
of tho people in the same manner and by the
employment of the same means.
XVII. They have by the same means ap-
pointed pretended conventions to form and
revise the constitutions of the States.
XVIII. They have forced illegal State con-
stitutions upon the people against their wills.
XIX. They have appropriated money out of
the public Treasury for the support of negroes
living in idleness and have levied taxes upon
the white citizens for that purpose.
XX. They have attempted to deprive the peo-
ple of the States of the power to determine
evidence and regulate tho judicial proceedings
of their own courts in violation of their laws
and constitutions.
XXL They have deprived the State courts
of the jurisdiction to hear and determine ques-
tions relating to the rights of person, liberty,
and property within the State, and to pass and
determine upon the guilt or innocence of those
accused of crimes committed' within the State.
XXII. They have authorized the arrest and
punishment of judges for deciding questions of
law against their enactments.
XXIII. They have annulled the constitu-
tional authority and prerogatives of the Exec-
utive of the United States.
XXIV. They have banished the citizens
from family and home without trial.
XXV. They have violated every one of the
twelve amendments to the Constitution de-
signed to protect the people in the enjoyment
of their rights of person, liberty, and prop-
erty.
XXVI. They have sacrificed the lives of half
a million of men in a war which they might
easily have averted and have burdened the
industry of the people by the creation of a
debt amounting to billions of dollars.
"And now thcro was no foe in arms
T' unite their factions with alarms,
But .ill reduced and overcome,
Except their worst, thembelves, a.t borne,
Who compass'd all they piay'd and swore
And fought and preach'd and plunder'd for,
Subdued the nation, church, and State,
And nil things but their laws and hate.
liut when they came to treat and transact
And share the spoil of all they 'ad ransack'd.
To botch up what they 'ad torn and rent,
Keligion and the Government,
They mot no sooner, but prepared
To pull down all tb6 war had spared.
Agreed in nothing but t.' abolish,
Subvert, extirpate, and demolish.
And all conjoined to do their best
To damn the public interest."
And yet, Mr. President, this Republican
party, with this record, instead of calling upon
the rocks and mountains to hide them from
the face of an outraged and indignant people,
coolly charge the members of the Democratic
party with being disloyal and with being un-
faithful to the Constitution and laws of their
country. Oh shame where is thy blush I
But, sir, I will pursue the political partisan
aspects of this controversy no further. Should
the reconstruction policy which has been in-
augurated be consummated by the enactment
and practical enforcement of this measure
now before the Senate, f can see nothing in
reserve for my country but political ruin and
death. Death, sir, in all and any of its forms
is terrible. \\ hen the cherished one is laid
in the cold and silent grave, the sorrowing
and heart stricken mourner departs from the
scene of woe, believing that that sorrow can
never be assuaged and that that heart can
never be renewed to gladness. But the sooth-
ing influence of time comes to his relief and in
the exercise of a Christian faith he beholds the
flower of immortality blooming on the fresh-
made grave and is assured that corruption
shall put on incomiption and that mortal shalL
put on immortality. But, sir, when a nation
dies there is for it no resurrection.
When civU liberty expires, it ceases forever
to exist. \Y hen the free institutions of a peo-
ple are submissively and willingly surrendered
they are never regained. It is then that the
patriot, mourning over the desolation and ruin
of his country, feels as did the children of Israel
of old, that he must hang his harp upon the
willow because he cannot sing the son^s of his
political Zion in a strung U„d. It may be!
sir, that under the practical enforcement of
arbitrary and tyrannical nuasures the Ameri-
can people will arouse themselves to the via-
