4510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
hoods, and then infer willfully and deliberately
the filthy slander.
the speech at senator morgan's.
Here is the only record ever made by any
person of the meeting alluded to. Nota word
was ever recorded of a single speech made:
Washington D. C., Ju.nwuy 10,1868.
A meeting of the Union Congressional Committee
was held at the house of its chairman, Senator mor-
gan, this evening.
Present — Senators Morgan, Morrill, Thayer,
Chandler, Ferry, Corbott, anil Fowler; Representa-
tives Schenck, Ames, Kelley, Broomall. Ela, Coburn,
Hopkins, Hubbard, AVindom, and Clarke.
Senator Morgan in the chair.
Thomas L. Tulloek secretary.
General Schenck presented a report from tho Exec-
utive Committee, which was adopted.
Interesting and earn est remarks were made bv Gen-
eral Schenck, Senators Corbett, Chandler, Thayer,
rowler, h crry, and Morrill, and Representatives
Jala, Kelley, Windom, and Hopkins.
After four months Judge Kelley forged the
following report of my speech, preceded by the
only extract from the only record in the book
which I have already given :
In tho eourso of his remaiks at this meeting. Sen-
ator Fowlee, of Tennessee, without warrant of pre-
cedent by an allusion to Mr. Johnson by any of tho
speakers who had preceded him, introduced the ques-
tion of liia impeacliment, and entered into an argu-
ment to demonstrate its necessity, and to show the
responsibility of Congress for thesuffcrings of south-
ern Union men and the murder of so many of them,
which ho said would bo continued as long as we failed
to impeach and removo him.
He opened this topic by saying that some of the
gentlemen present had differed with him in their
estimate of Mr. Johnson and judgment of his pur-
poses, but that experience had probably satislicd
them that he had been right. lie said he had known
him long and well, and, let tho defects of his char-
acter bo what they may, lio was plausible and unre-
lenting in his purposes, and had extraordinary power
for evil.
That no efficient relief could be given the Union
men of the South till he should be impeached and
removed—it was very well to send speakers and
organizers among them, and to enlighten them on
the questions of tho day by distributing our publica-
tions among them—but that our labors would bo
ineffectual while Mr. Johnson continued to admin-
ister tho laws.
That lie wpuld as President be able to overthrow
such governments as might be established, and that
so long as we should fail to do our duty and impea.eh
and remove him from office, we would bo responsible
for the sutforings and blood of tho Union men of Ten -
liessoo andf tho unreconstructed States.
Tho foregoing embraces an extract from tlfc min-
utes of tho committee, and my recollection of tho
tenor and phraseology of tho remarks of Senator
Fowxint, at tho mooting of the 10th of January, nor
was their tenor exceptional, us in his intercourse with
me he had frequently pressed the same views on me,
as well as on others in my presence.
WILLIAM D. KELLEY.
A7e, who were present also at tho meeting referred
to above, concur with Judge ICellf.y in his account of
whatwassaid and agreed to there by Senator Fowi.ek.
Senator Fowlkk's idea, distinctly sot forth and im-
pressed on us, was that we could expect no restoration
of poaco to the country or enforcement of tho laws
without tho impeachment and removal of Andrew
Johnson from tho Presidency.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
B. F. HOPKINS,
OAKES AMES.
J. II. ELA,
JOHN COBURN,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
<1. D. HUBBAltl),
THOMAS L. XULLOCIC.
I regret to see the names of Oakes Ames
and General Coburn in this company. They
were obtained no doubt through the same in-
fluence that obtain names generally. They
were, I suppose, asked to sign the document.
It will be observed that this meeting took
place after the first attempt in the House to
impeach, and six weeks before the second was
thought of.
It was not until the 21st day of February,
1868, that the President issued his order for i
the removal of Mr. Stanton, and designated ;
Lorenzo Thomas to take charge of the office, i
This act was seized upon, as it was a personal 1
quarrel, and like any other similar fight it was
well adapted to the purposes of those waiting
in anxious hope for some indiscretion or any
pretext, less lo dispossess the President of his
place than to gain possession of it for them-
selves. I could have passed no opinion on any ;
subject connected with the articles of impeach-
ment actually preferred. If I had advocated
the impeachment of the President on ether l
grounds I could not and would not have felt
bound to convict him on a different charge, or
on any charge whatever, unless from careful
examination of the case I had, upon the trial,
found him guilty.
I This forgery was not sent to me until the
evening proceeding the vote on the eleventh
article. It was published in the Washington
Chronicle on the day that vote was taken, four
months after the meeting at Senator Morgan's.
The date of Ivelley's forgery is carefully con-
cealed. He does give tho date of the meeting,
but is cunning enough to conceal the period of
his own criminal conspiracy. I leave the
country to judge the motive that did induce
this man to play this petty trielc of a weak and
silly knave. I have this declaration to make,
that I did not utter one single sentence that
Kelley has coined. lie neither gives the spirit,
nor the connection, nor the object of my re-
marks. I did allude to impeachment, but for
a very different purpose and in a very different,
connection. There is no more uncertain thing
than a report made by any person after four
months, under the pressure of political or par-
tisan bias. What credence is such a report of
a political conspirator entitled to under such
circumstances?
It is true I did allude, as I have already said,
to impeachment, but, for this purpose : that as
Congress had failed to impeach, and as the
President did desire the success of his policy,
hewould ashchada right secure it if he Could ;
that the Republicans of Alabama must carry
that State if they succeeded in any of the States;
that it was the duty of the committee to send
means and competent speakers to aid in tho
canvass; thlxt if we failed to carry the State
the fault was our own. I felt more disposed
to censure the committee than the President.
When it will be remembered that tho election
was to take place in about three weeks, it can-
not be believed that I looked to impeachment
as a remedy unless the process ot impeach-
ment were as simple, undignified, and uncere-
monious as the process of expelling a rat from
the cellar, unless to cast aside all self-respect,
all regard for the delicate propriety due to that
high office, as well as to silence all " compunc-
tious visitings of nature," to block up all " ac-
cess and passage to remorse," to execute the
"fell purpose" with dispatch, to seize with
heroic courage the cherished diadem, the pro-
cess of the "expulsion of the President" were
resorted to. No such object was in my mind,
no such speech was made.
the influence tttit SUCn a speech should have.
I will say to my fellow-citizens that if I had
made the speech and one ten times more de-
cided, and if it had been made upon the very
articles of impeachment I would not have felt
bound to adhere to it unless upon the trial I
had found the President guilty as charged. I
would have felt the more deeply my obligation
to give the President the benefit of a just and
impartial verdict upon his case according to
the spirit and words of my oath to render an
"impartial verdict according to the Constitu-
tion and laws." If I had distrusted my ability
to hear his cause with impartiality, 1 should
at once have resigned my place. If any pre-
conceived opinions or any prejudgment had
taken place in my mind, or any ambitious de-
sire for place or honor, or any other consider-
ation of which I could not divest myself, I would
have scorned to have takeji and kept my seat.
If any considerations other than a stern and
simple regard for a righteous decision had in-
fluenced mo or seemed to have influenced mo
I should have shunned the office as I would
a poisonous reptile. But I was not placed in
any such position. The President was charged
under a law that I had voted for and which
presented issues not before involved in the
political domain. I expressed no opinion on
any article involved in the trial of the Presi-
dent until the Chief Justice asked my decision.
my eight to speak foe myself.
I know I say quite enough, and merit chas-
tisement for very much of it as well as for other
derelictions; still I do not believe, and those
who know me best will not believe,_thatl have
ever committed any offense so heinous as to
merit a punishment so cruel, so inhuman,-so
degrading as that of having Kelley and But-
LEit assigned to make speeches for me. May I
not be judged by my own words?
I have one thing in particular here to com-
plain of, and I pray my fellow-citizens to con-
sider it and believe my statement. Kelley says
that I had frequently expressed the same view3
to him. Now, what I desire to prevent being
inferred from this language of his is this : that
there was ever any cordiality between us. I
never called on Judge Kelley in my life. I
have met him in committee, on the street, and
in the Capitol. I have spoken a few words to
him with civility. I do not desire to have an im-
pression so mortifying to my own self-respect
as that we were ever in sympathy, or that I did
not instinctively repel his presence. I desire
to make this statement for the benefit of those
that 1 love and that love me. I pronounced
him a revolutionary conspirator, and do not
think otherwise now.. I formed my opinion
from his course on the subject of impeachment
long before he forged a speech for me.
the connection of this with other circum-
stances.
It must be borne in mind that this forgery of
Kelley was sent to me on the evening preced-
ing tho vote on the eleventh article, and was
published the day that the vote was taken in
the Washington Chronicle. A few hours after
the forgery came to me three persons visited
roy room to poll my vote. I detected their sin-
ister motives by a false and contradictory state-
ment of one of them, and the arrogance, in-
sincerity, and weak presumption of another.
I shall not stop to speak of theungentlemanly
conduct of tho chaplain of the company, who
seemed thoroughly in the interest of the revo-
lutionary leaders. These men left disappointed.
I met the reverend meddler the next morning in
the Capitol, and he threatened the investiga-
tion of the inquisition, the exposure and expul-
sion from the Senate. I will only add that the
same threat had been made before by others.
When Butler makes his report he inserts
Kelley's forged speech, and baldly pronounces
it an "extract from the minutes of the Union
congressional committee." This misrepresent-
ation of Kelley's forgery is of itself enough
to damn this man to infamy among all honor-
able men. Kelley did not date his forgery,
and connected the false report with the extract
from the minutes of the committee in such a
manner as to insinuate the lie. But Butler,
of more capacious soul and bolder wing for
the false, scorns the act of his meaner rival,
and baldly^ proclaims the forgery an extract
from the minutes of the committee. He is a
bold genius that rises above the dusty and tor-
tuous paths of the common sneak. He mounts
upon strong pinions high up in the atmosphere
of never-ending and uncontaminated falsehood,
and basks in his native element. He is a
thorough-bred no trace of truth contaminates
his veins or stains his memory. He seeks to
perfect the false by eliminating all the true.
He is the immaculate and Protean liar of the
age, as well as the very " god of thieves."
the sf.coxd charge.
I come now to the second evidence of my
corruption. Butler charges in his report tha"t
Colonel Kdmund Cooper, of Tennessee, held
the following language with one Leggett:
to'tKirTiCo°PCr ?ssured Leegett that In addition
the votE Y0te 1 £resldent had secured
tho hemjeusos and iowlek; and although
Ln i l was embarrassed by some declarations that
)that the Present ought to bo .m-
matcly" WaS SUT° hol(iing him ulti-
As Colonel Cooper is well known throughout
the South as a gentleman of fine talents and
culture, of the highest social position, distin-
guished for his devotion to his country in her
severest trials, of irreproachable integrity and
purity of character, I will let him speak for
