1868.
THE CONGRESSIOjSrAL GLOBE.
4511
himself. ^To my letter calling his attention to
the report he made the following reply :
Washington, My 20,1868.
My Dear Sir : In answer to your inquiries con-
tained in your note of the 18th of July, 1868, I beg
leave to say that the statement made in the report
of Hon. B. F. Butlkr, that "Mr. Cooper assured
Mr. Leggett that in addition to the Democratic vote
the Piesident was sure of the votc3 of Senators Fes-
senden, Grimes, and Trumbull, thathe had secured
the votes of Henderson and Fowler, and although
the latter was embarrassed by some declarations that
he had inado, that the President ought to be im-
peached, yet he was surcof holdinghim ultimately,"
is a willful, deliberate, intentional falsehood, coined
alone in the brain of tho witness.
I never made such a statement in regard to you
or Senator Henderson to Mr. Leggett or any other
person, nor could any language of mine bo tortured
into such a construction.
At no time did 1 ever make an effort to secure Sen-
ator Henderson or yourself. You never informed
me that the " President ought to be impeached,"nor
had I ever heard the statement made by others, nor
could I have used language showing embarrassment
about a subject of which Iknew nothing.
Hoping that youwill characterizethis willful false-
hood as it deserves,and thatyouwill suffer no wrong
from the vindictiveness with which you have been
pursued,
"I remain, very truly, yours,
EDMUND COOPER.
Hon. Joseph S. Fowler, United States Senate.
As the report mentions my name only in these
two relations prominently, I do not deem it
proper to enter farther into the matter, except
to state that Hon. EL A. Smythe, soon after
the vote on the eleventh article, sent me a tele-
gram congratulating me and those who voted
with me on the service we had done our coun-
try. This I answered at once, in the presence of
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. McCreert,]
who read both. The report farther says that
one General Eagan won a hat in a bet that the
seven who voted for acquittal would so vote.
The report says thathe swore thH lie ''guessed
it." It was not difficult for any person who
read the trial to tell how each Senator would
vote. Any man who watched from the begin-
ning the vote on all interlocutory and prelimi-
nary questions could readily have predicted with
almost absolute certainty how each would vote.
These votes showed the convictions of the
Senators, and showed also their courage to defy
the spirit of intolerance that surrounded them.
After all the elaborate system of falsehood
used by Butler in his report, he has failed to
prove any offer ever made, or any attempt
ever made, or was ever contemplated to be made
to bribe, intimidate, influence, or induce any
one of the Senators who voted againstimpeach-
ment to vote as they did. He has failed to
show that a single dollar was raised or used or
* attempted to be used to influence one of these
men. There is not an honest man who has
ever read the paper that would not pronounce
it false in its conception, false in its statements,
and false in its intentions. There is not an
honorable man that would not spurn the vile
slander, and the viler slanderer from his pres-
ence as he would hunt a spy from an army.
It is so shameful that it bears only the name
of its author already immortal in infamy. To
show a fair specimen of the capacity of this
national liar, 1 will insert the letter of General
Craig relative to the charges against Senator
Henderson. General Craig is an ex-member
of Congress from Missouri, of high character
and unsullied veracity. This letter is addressed
to Hon. John A. Bingham, an old friend. I
will venture the prediction that Judge Bing-
ham scorns the foul slander and its author.
No man who ever sat at the feet of that great
and good man, John Armstrong, and received
lessons of wisdom and truth from him could
either lend his voice to sustain a document so
loathsome in itself as this, or to ruin one who
drank from the same pure fountain. Indeed,
not one of the committee were so lost to self-
respect as to permit their names to be con-
nected with this infamous document:
Metropolit \n Hotel,
"Washington, June 9,1868.
Sir: After making several applications through
friends to General Butler for a copy of the report
made by him to the Iiouso for the special committee
$f the managers of impeachment, of which you are
chairman, I to-day succeeded in procuring a copy,
for which I am indebted to the politeness of General
Logan. Xii commenting upon this remarkable docu-
ment, I desire in advance to disclaim any intention
of attributing to you its authorship or any responsi-
bility for its character. An acquaintance of more
than twenty-five years gives me authority for saying
that you are incapableof either writingorknowingly
sanctioning a report made up of deliberate perver-
sions of truth, and of bald, unblushing falsehoods.
I proceed to notice the report, so far as it connects
me with tho impeachment trial, in the full belief that
you could not have read either tho evidence or the
report, and protesting that if it had gone out to the
world as the individual production of Manager But-
ler, and not as the joint report of yourself, and some
other gentleman of high character associated with
Butler upon the committee, I should not have
troubled you or the public with this hasty letter.
I have never indulged in tho use of those epithets
so generally applied to General Butler, among the
mildest of which are "Brute" "Beast," " Thief," &c.,
fearing that in the political excitement of the times
his enemies were possibly doing him injustice; nor
could I, until now, fully realize tho pungency of the
language you onco applied to him on tho floor of the
House of Representatives, that " he had been raised
in a bottle and fed with a spoon." I can now "see
the point," and without investigating the origin or
discussing the propriety of the epithets heretofore
bestowed upon nim, the document now in Question
conclusively proves him to be" a great liar and a dirty
dog."
A note purporting to have been written by Mr.
Cooper to the President, stating that "Henderson is
all right; Lacey has gone to see him with Craig; so
saysEvarts/'indujced your committee to subpoena me.
I attended in obedience to the subpoena, fully determ-
ined to answer all questions whatever, proper or
improper, which might be propounded, and upon my
examination—GeneralsBuTLER andLoGANbeing the
only members of tho committee present—I did so
answer.
In my testimony I admitted that X had visited Sena-
tor henderson.butnotwithMr.Lacey; thatalthough
on terms of intimate friendship with Senator Hen-
derson I had never felt at liberty to inquire how ho
intended to vote on the impeachment untilthenight
before the vote was to betaken: andthattheSenator
having called at my hotel to bid my family farewell,
and I being about to start for Missouri, I then asked
him, as I would leave the city within a few minutes,
to tell me whether he would vote next day for con-
viction or acquittal; and that when he informed me
of his intention to vote for acquittal I was astonished,
for I had offered only a few hours before to bet that
he would vote for conviction on one or more of the
articles. On my way to the omnibus I met Mr. Lacey
on the sidewalk, and told him what the Senator had
just communicated to me. This was all that occurred
between Lacey and me; and.tomore completely ex-
pose the perversion contained in the report, I will
add that I never saw Lacey and Henderson together
in my life; and in addition to this, Mr. Lacey testified
before thecommittoe that he had seen Senator Hen-
derson but twice in six years, and on neither of those
occasions wasimpeacement mentioned, either directly
or indirectly.
On page 17 of the report appears the following :
" Was not the information of Leggett on the morning
of the 13th quite correct, that unless the Missouri
delegation got Henderson's promise before twelve
o'clock, to resign or vote for conviction, they never
would get it, as Craig had gone to see him; and they
never did." I quote the above paragraph to illustrate
the character of the report. This Leggett is tho man
who confessedly presented a forged letter purporting
to come from Senator Pomeroy, for the purposo of
getting $40,000 for tho votes of certain Senators to
acquit; and yet Butler parades his evidence m his
report, apparently with the sanction of the com-
mittee, as worthy of belief.
On page 19 the report state? that T dined at Welk-
er's with Woolley, Mr. Evarts, one of the President's
counsel, being also a guest. This is one of the most
damnable and willful falsehoods in the report. Ihave
never been in Welker's restaurant, never saw Wool-
ley, do not know him by sight, and I have never been
introduced to, nor have I ever spoken to Mr.Bvarts.
This was a plnin, palpable, intentional misrepre-
sentation by Butler, which needs no further com-
ment.
I have before given the substance of my testimony
on the subject of my "seeing and securing Hender-
son." I will add that a day or two after giving my
testimony, I called at tho committee-room to correct
a mistake I had made in my evidence, which I did
by writing a note to the clerk of the committee, with
General Butler's consent and m his presence. I
then told him that justice to the Senate and to the
country would ho promoted if he would ask me tho
main question uponthe subjeetwhich hewasordered
to investigate—that is, whether t had used or at-
tempted to use any influence, political, pecuniary,
or otherwise, to induce any Senator to vote to acquit
the President—and assured him lwas ready to swear
that I had not done so either duectly or indirectly.
Butler refused to ask the question.
The report states that Lacey's testimony disagrees
with mine; that I say I communicated to Lacey Hen-
derson's intention to vote against conviction on
Friday evening, and that Laeey states it was on Sat-
urday evening, when, according to my statement, I
was far on ray way to Missouri. By reference to the
testimony of Laeey (question 103, page 16) you will see
that no such discrepancy appears, and Butler knew
his assertion was false when he wrote it.
On tho same page the report says I am president
of certain railroads in Missouri, in which Mr. Hen-
derson is interested. I do not think Mr. Hender-
son owns any railroad stock anywhere, and I know
he does not have a farthing of interest in any road
or company in Missouri or elsewhere withwhiohl
am connected, and no witness before tho committee
testified that he had any such interest.
Such are a few of tho more glaring falsehoods con-
tained in tho report. It is unnecessary to spocify
others. These are sufficient to brandthe production
with a portion of theinfamy pertaining to its author.
To briefly sum up the facts, I will state that I
remained in Washington attending to tho bugincss
of the several railroad companies with which I am
connected during the whole time of the impeach-
ment trial, and did not once allude to the subject of
impeachment, either in conversation or in writing,
to any Senator exceptto Senator Henderson j and I
did not try to ascertain his intentions until after tho
evidence and arguments had been closed, and I was
about to leave the city, on the night before the vote
was taken; and, although superfluous, I make the
assertion that no man acquainted with the character
of Senator Henderson would have ventured to make
any improper or corrupt overtures to him on that or
any other subject.
X was a member of the Democratic convention of
1860, at Charleston, South Carolina, where Butler
voted fifty-odd times for Jefferson Davis for candi-
date for the Presidency. Differing with Butler as to
the fitness of his candidate, I made certain remarks
which Isuppose heconsidered offensive, and it seems
he has neither forgotten nor forgiven me. After
several southern States had, under the advice of
Butler, withdrawn from the convention, Butler
attended the " bolter's meeting" and made a speech
in which he promised his fire-eating brethren (in the
event of a war resulting from the rupture) the use
of half a million northern Democrats to slay the
northern abolitionists before they should invade a
southern State.
X was disposed at the time to doubt Butler's sin-
cerity, but subsequent events have satisfied me that
he would have tried to fulfill his promise if he had
continued to believe that the paying side; but after
reflecting upon the numerical strength of tho north-
ern States, and especially upon thestrength of north-
ern safes, he concluded that jewelry and plate were
more accessible at the South, and hence took the side
of his country, and busied himself during tho war in
taking jewelry, plate, and other things, instead of
taking Port Fisher, Big Bethel, and other places.
You will not doubt my sincerity when I suggest
that you cannot afford to place your hard-earned and
well-deserved character m the keeping of this mis-
erable parody on his species. When he charged you
with contributing to the murder of an innocent
woman, nobody believed him, and tho American
people read the terrible chargo in the Globe with a
shudder of indignation ; but it you permit him to act
as chairman of your committeo, bully and badger
witnesses, falsify records, manufacture evidence, and
finally mako a report in the name of your committee
that would shock the sensibilities of a buccaneoi,
even your character, heretofore without stain, may
bo injured.
The only truth I find in tho report, so far as it ie-
lates to me, is that I was once a member of Congress,
andnow collector of internal revenuefor my distner.
I voluntarily left my seat in Congress, and will within
a week resign the eollectorship. For the manner in
which I discharged my duties in Congress I refer you
to my constituents, and for the kind of "whisky
ring" I belong to I refer to the files of the revenue
department in "this city, and to Hon. E. A. Rollins,
the Commissioner.
I am, sir, with high regard, your old friend,
JAMES CRAIG.
Hon. John A. Bingham.
general b. f. butler.
Who is this man Butlei;, who assumes to lead
the nation by the ears at his will, and to crush
out all opposition? He is, I know, not unknown
to fame, or rather to infamy. I will call atten-
tion to his record, as made by a commission
appointed by Mr. Lincoln to investigate the
affairs of the department of the Mississippi:
butler ix new orleans—part of the staxtox-
supprkssed report.
The following is a hitherto unpublished extract
from the final report of the "special commission
appointed to investigate and report, for the informa-
tion of the President, upon the civil and military
administration in the military department bordering
upon and west of the Mississippi."
The order creating this commission was signed by
Abraham Lincoln, as President, on thelOth of Decem-
ber, 18Gt. The commissioners named were Major
General William F. Smith, and Hon. Henry Stan-
bery, of Ohio. General Smith reached New Orleans
January 2,1865, but owing to the non-arrival of Mr.
Stanbery, it was not until the 26th of January that
the first testimony was taken. Mr. James T. Brady,
of New York, arrived in April, 1865, having been
appointed by the President in place of Mr. Stanbery.
The report, a volume containing nearly four hundred
pages of foolscap, is now on file in the War Office,
having been suppressed by Stanton since the time it
was submitted, in September, 1865. It is signed uy
William F. Smith, Major General, (properly known
as Baldy Smith;) James T. Brady, and Nicolas
Bowen, lieutenant colonel, A. A. G.,
oate. The commissioners, in their introduction
the report, say:
" The Administration of Genera? Butler in the Depart-
ment of the Gulf.
"Mr. Jacob Barker was that
February, 1865, and lie says, amonghe tola
when General Betieb arrived m .New Urieatis ne tola
