1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
equally subject to the same disabilities and to
no others.
I venture to say here to-day that the amend-
ment I have offered corresponds with all the
traditions of the llepublic, and with that great
Missouri provision which was enacted by Con-
gress in 1819, under the lead of the first men
of this Republic. That provision, gentlemen
will remember, was a limitation imposed upon
the State of Missouri in the very words of the
Constitution itself, to wit: that its constitution
never should be so construed, and never should
he so enforced, as to deprive any citizen of the
United States of the rights and privileges of a
citizen of the United States within the limits
of that State.
The fourteenth article of the amendments
of the Constitution secures this power to the
Congress of the United States. Your funda-
mental condition would not be worth the paper
upon which it is printed but for the new grant
of power which has come to Congress through
the fourteenth article of the amendments,
which enables the people in Congress assem-
bled to enforce this condition. It ought to be
enforced. I desire equality of right, equality
of civil right, if you please, and of privilege,
which is the word of the Constitution itself.
And, sir, if the words " civil and political
rights and privileges of citizens" do not em-
brace the elective franchise, it is a new dis-
covery to the American people. They do
embrace everything pertaining or belonging to
the citizenship of this country. "Civil and
political rights and privileges!" The word
" privileges" is the original word of the Con-
stitution. Some gentlemen have contended
that the elective franchise is a right rather
than a privilege. In order to accommodate
their views—and perhaps they are right—F
have used the words " civil and political rights
and privileges." I propose to declare that the
civil and political rights and privileges under
these several constitutions shall be forever
equally enjoyed by all citizens of the United
States in so far as the same arc now secured
by said constitutions respectively—I have mod-
ified the printed text by inserting these words
—in so far as the same are now secured by
those several constitutions ; thus leaving the
people still the privilege of amending their
constitutions, enlarging, if they choose, the
liberties of the people, or removing restric-
tions, as the public exigencies may require
and the public interest may demand.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
rise to close the debate.
Mr. WO0DBR1DGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for thepurpose of offering an amend-
ment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What is
the amendment ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It is to strike out
the word " Alabama and if the gentleman
will permit me I will in a few words give my
reasons for offering this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. How long
does the gentleman wish to speak V
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Notover two or three
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to the gentleman three minutes. "
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the amendment will be entertained, although
it is not in the for-m of an amendment to either
of the pending amendments.
There was 110 objection.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, in the
act passed at the last session for the govern-
ment of the rebel States it was provided that
any of those States, under certain conditions,
might call a convention, which should have
power to frame a constitution and civil gov-
ernment under the provisions of the act of
Congress; that the constitution, when formed,
should be submitted to the people of the Stale
for their ratification, and that if the majority
of the registered voters declared in favor "of
the constitution, and that constitution, when
submitted to Congress, should be approved by
it, ths State should then be admitted to rep-
resentation. In the State of Alabama a con-
vention assembled in pursuance of the act of
Congress, a constitution was framed, and was
submitted to the people. A vote upon its rati-
fication was taken, and a majority of the regis-
tered voters did not vote for that adoption of
that constitution.
Now, sir, all just government is based upon
the consent of the governed, and I do not
deem it either morally or legally or constitu-
tionally right for Congress now to impose upon
the State of Alabama a constitution which
under the law of Congress itself they rejected,
as they had the right to do. Something must
be done in addition to what has already been
done before we can with propriety admit the
State of Alabama. To admit her in the pres-
ent posture of affairs and impose upon her
people a constitution which they have not
adopted would not be consistent with the
principles ofrepublican institutions, and would
inflict a serious wrong upon the people of that
State. I hope that so far as this bill applies
to Alabama it will not meet the favor of the
House; and hence I have offered my amend-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ItAUM. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment to offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
hear it.
Mr. RAUM. I move to add to the third
section the following:
It is hereby made the duty of the President, within
ten days after receiving official information of the
rati fi cation of said amendment by the Legislature of
either of said States, to issue a proclamation an-
nouncing that fact.
Mr. ST"EVENS, of Pennsylvania. I agree
that that shall be considered as a part of the
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 ask for a few min-
utes to reply.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman five minutes; and as
soon as he has concluded i intend to ask for the
vote on striking out "Alabama." After that
I shall submit what I have to say.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, it was
anticipated that a motion would be made to
strike out "Alabama," perhaps on account of
the discussion heretofore had on its admissi-
bility and theobjection of the House heretofore
taken. Now I will say to the House and to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Woodbridge]
that I deny the reconstruction acts of Congress
required at the time Alabama voted that a
majority of the registered voters of that State
should cast their votes for that constitution
before the State should be admitted. No such
construction can be put upon that act of Con-
gress. It provides that if Congress is satisfied
that a majority of the people are in favOr of it
the State shall be admitted.
Mr. INGERSOIjIj. Read it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has been read
here a hundred times, for aught I know.
Mr. INGliRSOLL. If the gentleman has
it at hand let him read k.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the law requires
that a majority of the registered voters shall
cast their votes for it, what does that other
language mean: that if Congress shall be
satisfied a majority of the voters are for it then
the State shail be admitted?
Mr. WOODBRITXxK. Read it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing the
gentleman shall read it if my time can be
extended.
1 wish also to call the attention of the House
to the fact that a larger proportion of the regis-
tered voters of Alabama voted for that consti-
tution than in any other one of these States.
Mr. HIGBY rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield.
Mr. Speaker, even if the law is as is con-
tended for by the gentleman from Vermont,
does he deny the power of Congress to rescind
or repeal that law, as we afterward passed a
law which applied to the other State constitu-
tions? I repeat that a larger proportion of
the registered voters of Alabama voted for that
^ constitution than voted in these other States
1 for these other constitutions. What nonsense
it is, then, when Alabama has polled over
seventy thousand votes for her constitution and
only one thousand against it, a larger propor-
tion than any other, you shall deny her admis-
sion and admit the others? There is neither
reason nor good sense in the distinction. I
say it without any reflection on my friend from
Vermont. He is always a reasonable and
sensible gentleman. I apply it to his argu-
ment. Three times the Committee on Recon-
struction have examined this matter, and three
times they have reported in its favor.
Mr. PAINE. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will read that part of the law which
applies to this point. It is to be found in sec-
tion five. The first clause of the section au-
thorizes the presidents of the conventions in
certain cases to forward the constitutions to the
President of the United States. The section
then proceeds as follows :
".And if it shall, moreover, appear to Congress tha,t
the election was one at which all the registered and
qualified electors in the State had an opportunity to
vote freely and without restraint, fear, or the influ-
ence of lraud, and if the Congress shall be satisfied
that such constitution meets the approval of a ma-
jority of all the qualified electors in the State, and
if the said Constitution shall be declared by Congress
to be in conformity with the provisions of the act to _
which this is supplementary, and the other provis- "
ions of said act shall have been complied with, and
the said constitution shall be approv ed by Congress,
tho State shall bo declared entitled to representa-
tion, and Senators and Representatives shall be
admitted therefrom as therein provided."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One word further,
Mr. Speaker. Congress has repeatedly admit-
ted States upon petition. Here are seventy
thousand voters of Alabama petitioning Con-
gress to admit that State. Why apply an iron
rule to Alabama you do not apply to any other
State?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I fear I
shall not have time. I must decline to yield
further.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask leave to offer the
following amendment:
In lines nine, ten. eleven, and twelve, section one,
amend so it will read as follows:
That the constitutions of said States shall never bo
so amended or changed as to discriminate in favor
of or against any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States in the right to vote who are now enti-
tled to vote by said constitutions respectively, except
as a punishment, for such crimes as are now felon-
ious at common law, whereof they sha,ll have been
duly convicted; and no person shall ever be held to
service or labor as a punishment for crime in said
States, except by public officers charged with the
custody of convicts by the laws thereof.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 decline
to accept it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will accept it because
it is the same thing that I am aiming at in my
amendment. I accept it as a part of my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a
right to modify his amendment by accepting
this.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
call the previous question, and wait till the
vote is taken on striking out Alabama, because
the result of that vote might modify my speech.
I suppose I can then have the floor?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The previous
question exhausts itself on that amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken : and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 00, nays 74, not voting
55: as follows:
YEA S—Messrs. Delos It. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Book, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Coburn, Dpggs,
Eldrid^e, Ferry, Garfield, Get/, (Slossbrenner, <ioHa-
clay, Srover, Hawkins, IBgby- Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Humphrey, lngersoll. Jenekos, Johnson, Julian,
Kerr, Keteham, Knott, (Ji^r?o V Lawrence, Loan,
Marshall, Marvin. MoCormiok, Mwean, MuJjgen.
Myers, Niblsok, Nicholson, Orth, PdoI?f'
Pruyn, Randall, Xtebortson, Eobinson, Ross, Sj,w*
