THE CGFGK1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
■'*05
its voices. Senators, from that day when the
inscription was written upon the graves of the
heroes of Thermopylae, "Stranger, go tell the
Lacedemonians that we lie here in obedience
to their laws,'' to this hour, no profounder
lesson has come down to Us than this: that
through obedience to law comes the strength
of nations and the safety of men.
No more fatal provision ever found its way
into the constitutions of States than that
contended for in this defense which recog-
nizes the right of a single despot or of the
many to discriminate in the administration of
justice between the ruler and the citizen, be-
tween the strong and the .weak. It was by this
unjust discrimination that Aristides was ban-
ished because he was just. It was by this
unjust discrimination that Socrates, the won-
der of the Pagan world, was doomed to drink
the hemlock because of his transcendent vir-
tues. It was in honorable protest against this
unjust discrimination that the great Roman
Senator, father of his country, declared that
the force of law consists in its being made for
the whole community.
Senators, it is the pride and boast of that
great people from whom we are descended, as
it is the pride and boast of every American, that
the law is the supreme power of the State and
is for the protection of each by the combined
power of all. By the constitution of England
the hereditary monarch is no more above the
law than the humblest subject; and bv the
Constitution of the United States the Presi-
dent is no more above the law than the poorest
and most friendless beggar in your streets.
The usurpations of Charles I inflicted untold
injuries upon the people of England, and finally
cost the usurper his life. The subsequent
usurpations of James II—and I only refer to
it because there is between his official conduct
and that of this accused President the most
remarkable parallel that I have ever read in
history—filled the brain and heart of England
with the conviction that new securities must
be taken to restrain the prerogatives asserted
by the Crown if they would maintain their
ancient constitution and perpetuate their liber-
ties. It is well said by Hallam that the
usurpations of James swept away the solemn
ordinances of the legislature. Out of those
usurpations came the great revolution of 1688,
which resulted, as the Senate well know, in
the dethronement and banishment of James,
in the elevation of William and Mary, in the
immortal Declaration of Bights, of which it is
well said that it is—■
"The germ of the law which grave religious free-
dom to the Dissenter; which secured the independ-
ence of the jndi?es; which limited the duration of
Parliaments; which placed the liberty of the press
under the protection of juries; which prohibited the
slave trade; which abolished the sacramental test;
which letievcd the Roman Catholics from civil dis-
abilities; which reformed the representative sys-
tem—of every ?ood law which has been passed dur-
ing a hundred and sixty years; of every good law
which may hereafter in the course of ages be found
necessary "to promote the public weal and to satisfy
the demands of public opinion."
Senators, that great Declaration ot Bights
contains in substance these words of accusation
against this king of England: he has endeav-
ored to subvert the liberties of the kingdom
in this, that he has suspended and dispensed
with the execution of the laws; in this, that he
has issued commissions under the great seal
contrary to law; in this, that he has levied
money to the use of the Crown contraiy to
law; in this, that he has caused cases to be
tried in the king's bench which are cognizable
only in the Parliament. (The Lords Journal
of Parliament, vol. 14, p. l:!o.)
I ask the Senate to notice that these charges
against James are substantially the charges
presented against this accused President and
confessed here of record, that he has suspended
the laws and dispensed with the execution of
the laws, and in order to do this has usurped
authority as the Executive of the nation, de-
claring himself entitled under the Constitution
to suspend the laws and dispense with their
execution. He has further, like James, issued
a commission contrary to law. lie has further,
like James, attempted to control the appro-'
priated money of the people contrary to law.
And he has further, like James, although it
is not alleged against him in the articles of
impeachment, it is confessed in his answer,
attempted to cause the question of his responsi-
bility to the people to be tried, not ia the king's
bench, but in the Supreme Court, when that
question is alone cognizable in the Senate of
the United States. Surely, Senators, if these
usurpations, if these endeavors on the part of
James thus to subvert the liberties of the peo-
ple of England cost him his crown and king-
dom, the like offenses committed by Andrew
Johnson ought to cost him his office and sub-
ject him to thatperpetual disability pronounced
by the people through the Constitution upon
him for his high crimes and misdemeanors.
Senators, you will pardon me—but I will
detain you but a few moments longer—for ask-
ing your attention to another view of this ques-
tion between'thc people aud the Executive. I
use the words of England's brilliant historian
when I say had not the legislative power of Eng-
land triumphed over the usurpations of James,
"with what a crash, felt and heard to the
farthest ends of the world, would the whole vast
fabric of society have fallen.'- May God for-
bid that the future historian shall record of this
day's proceedings, that by reason of the failure
of the legislative power of the people to triumph
over the usurpations of an apostate President
through the defection of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, the just fabric of American empire
fell and perished from the earth ! The great
revolution of 1088 in England was a forerun-
ner of your own Constitution. The Declara-
tion of Rights to which I have referred but
reasserted the ancient constitution of England,
not found in any written instrument, but scat-
tered through the statutes of four centimes.
The great principles thus reasserted by the
Declaration of Rights in 1088 were, that no
law should be passed without the consent of
the Representatives of the nation, no tax
should be laid, no regular soldiery should be
kept up, no citizen should be deprived for a
single day of his liberty by the arbitrary will
of the sovereign, no tool of power should
plead the royal mandate in justification for
the violation of any legal right of the hum-
blest citizen, and forever swept away the as-
sumption that the executive prerogative was
above the fundamental law. These were the
principles, Senators, involved in that day in
the controversy between the people and their
recusant sovereign. They are precisely the
principles this day involved in this contro-
versy between the people and their recusant
President. Without revolution, Senators, like
the great Parliament of 1088, you are asked to
reassert the principles of the Constitution of
your country, not to be searched for through
the statutes of centuries, but to be found in
that grand, sacred, written instrument given
to us by the fathers of the Republic. The
Constitution of the United States, as 1 have
said, embodies all that is valuable of England's
Declaration of Rights, of England's constitu-
tion and laws. It was ordained by the people
of the United States amid the convulsions and
agonies of nations. By its express provisions
all men within its jurisdiction are equal before
the law, equally entitled to those rights of
person which are as universal as the material
structure of man, and equally liable to answer
to its tribunals of justice for every injury done
either to the citizen or to the State.
It is this spirit of justice, of liberty, of equal-
ity. Senators, that makes your Constitution
dear to freemen in this and in all lands, in that
it secures to every man his rights, and to the
people at large the inestimable right of self-
government. the right which is this day chal-
lenged by this usurping President, for if he bo
a law to himself the people are no longer their
own law makers through their Representatives
in Congress assembled. The President thereby
simply becomes their dictator. If the President
become a dictator he will become so by the judg-
ment of the Senate, not by the text of the Con-
stitution,, not by any interpretation heretofore
put upon it by any act of the pfeople, nor byrany
act of the people's Representative® . The Rep-
resentatives of the people have discharged their
duty in his impeachment. They have presented
him at the bar of the Senate for trial, unr that-he
has usurped and attempted to combine in Min-
self. the legislative and execu ti ve powers of this
great people, thereby claiming for himself a
power by which he may annihilate their Gov-
ernment. We have seen that when thesuprem-
acy of their Constitution was challenged by
battle the people made such sacrifice to main-
tain it as has no parallel in history. " - -
Senators, can it be that after this triumph
of law over anarchy, of right over wrong, of
patriotism over treason, the Constitution' and
laws are again to be assailed in the capital of
the nation in the person of the Chief"Magis-
trate, and by the judgment of the Senate he is
to be protected in that usurpation ? The Pres-
ident by his answer and by the representations
of his counsel asks you, deliberately asks you,
by your judgment to set the accused above the
Constitution which he has violated and above
the people whom he has betrayed; and that,
too, upon the pretext that the President has
the right judicially to consti ue the Constitution
for himself,- judicially to decide for himself the
validity of your laws, and to plead in justifica-
tion at your bar that- his only purpose in thus
violating the Constitution aud the laws is to test
their validity and ascertain the construction of
the Constitution upon his own motion in the
courts of justice, and thereby suspend your
further proceeding.
I ask you, Senators, how long men would
deliberate upon the question whether a private
citizen, arraigned at the bar of one of your
tribunals of justice for a criminal violation of
the law, should be permitted to interpose a plea
iu justification of his criminal act that his only
purpose was to interpret the Constitution and
laws for himself, that he violated the law in the
exercise of his prerogative to test its validity
hereafter at such day as might suit his own con-
venience in the courts of justice. Surely, Sen-
ators, it is as competent for the private citizen
to interpose such justification in answer to crime
in one of your tribunals of justice as it is for
the President of the United States to interpose
it, and for the simple reason that the Constitu-
tion is no respectorof persons and vests neither
in the President nor in the private citizen judi-
cial power.
Pardon me, Senators, for saying it; I speak
it in no offensive spirit; I speak it from a sense
of duty; I utter but my own conviction and
desire to place it upon the record, that for the
Senate to sustain any such plea, would, in my
judgment, be a gross violation of the already
violated Constitution and laws of a free people.
Can it be, Senators, that by your deciee you
are at last to make this discrimination between
the ruler of the people and the private citizen,
and allow him to interpose his assumed right
to interpret judicially your Constitution and
laws? Are you solemnly to proclaim by your
decree :
" Plate sin with gold,
And the strong lauee of justice hurtless breaks:
Arm it in rags, a pigmy's straw doth pierce it 1"
I put away. Senators, the possibility that the
Senate of the United States, equal in dignity
to any tribunal in the world, is capable of re-
cording any such decision even upon the peti-
tion and prayer of this accused and guilty
President. Can it be that by reason of his'
great office the President is to be protected in
his high crimes and misdemeanors, violative
alike of bis oath, of the Constitution, and of
the express letter of your written law enacted
by the legislative department of the Govern-
ment?
Senators, I have said perhaps more than I
ought to have said. I have said perhaps more
than there was occasion to say. _ I know that
i stand in the presence of men illustrious in
our country's history. I know that I stand in
the presence of men who for long years have
been in the nation's councils. I know that 1
