1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3487
that seems to be all the Government has a
right, to ask. That liquor has been so put into
bonded warehouses, and held by the Govern-
ment so that the distiller cannot touch it.
There are now twenty-five million gallons of
whisky in bond. It has been agreed that this
shall be allowed to remain in the hands of the
Government. Yet now it is proposed to re-
quire that this whisky shall be forced upon the
market within one hundred days after the
passage of this bill. The distillers of my dis-
trict and that adjoining, represented by Colonel
J ones, have in bond three million four hun-
dred thousand gallons, the tax on which would
be $1,700,000, and they are to be forced to put
this upon the market in one hundred days. If
that is done our distillers will have to stop
business and go to work to raise money to
take their whisky out of bond, or let it be con-
fiscated and sold for whatever the speculator
will give. Is this fair treatment on the part
of the Government?
"But,'' it is said, " we have reduced the tax,
and it can now be paid much easier." Not at
all. Now the purchaser pays the tax. The
important point to the manufacturer is that
there shall be stability in the price. You now
propose to compel the manufacturer to force
on the market whisky made within the last six
months, and which has been held back because
purchasers have refused to buy, in expectation
of the passage of this very bill making a reduc-
tion in the tax. If the manufacturers be now
compelled to sacrifice this whisky within the
next hundred days, the speculators will hold
back till that time, and buy it all up at (heir
own prices, to the ruin of the distiller. Why
should not the owners of whisky be allowed as
much time as the owners of imported goods
when placed in bond. The Government, at
any rate, gets its money as soon as the article
is sold. Why should we kill the goose that
lays the golden egg? I concur in the statement
made a lew moments ago by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellky,] that this
interest, from which the Government expects
to raise its largest revenue, ought to be fos-
tered and encouraged, instead of being crushed
out by hostile legislation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to state briefly the
reason for the insertion of this section. Every
gentleman must have observed that we have
entirely changed, so fi-r as this bill may take
effect, the law in relation to the production of
distilled spirits. We do this at the precise
period of time when no distillery in this country
can run. At this time grain is commanding
such a price in the market as to prevent any
honest distiller from commencing operations
at this season of the year. No legitimate dis-
tiller will undertake the business of manufac-
turing whisky until the new crop comes in,
because at the present price of grain whisky
cannot be manufactured so as to compete with
distilled spirits that hare been already manu-
factured. There is very little whisky now on
fhe market; and nearly all of that which is on
the market is illicitly-distilled whisky. The
amount of whisky now in bond is twenty-live
million gallons, and this, it is estimated, is
about what is necessary for the consumption
within the one hundred days following the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. PILE. I desire to ask thegentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] whether he is not aware
that since this bill has been agreed upon by
the committee, fixing ninety days as the time
for the removal of whisky from bonded ware-
houses, and fixing the tax at sixty cents, whisky
in bond has increased in price at the rate of
from eight to ten cents per gallon?
Mr. ALLISON. I believe that is the fact.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to know
the authority for that statement.
Mr. PILE. I know it is the fact in my own
city.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, sir, we propose in
this bill to fix one hundred days as the time
within which this whisky must be taken out of
bond. Possibly this time might be extended
or shortened to some extent; but we need to
get rid, at some early period, of the present
system of bonded warehouses ; and especially
should we get rid of the system, now that we
have adopted a principle whereby the tax on
every gallon of whisky is to be collected at
the distillery warehouse. Gentlemen say that
a distiller can keep his whisky in bond a year
under this bill. That is true ; but he is in a
very different position from the man who has
whisky in bond in the city of New York. My
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] who
represents a large distilling district, must re-
member that there are men having four, five,
or teu million gallons of distilled spirits
in bond in the city of New York, and they
occupy a very different position from those
who have their distilleries and distillery ware-
houses at Peoria, Dubuque, or other cities of
the West. This whisky now in bond will be
required at once for consumption in the coun-
try ; and I believe it will be to the interest of
every man who has whisky in bond, except
those who are holding it for the additional
value which it is to obtain from age, to bring it
on the market, because the momentthis new tax
system goes into operation, most of our distill-
eries will resume the manufacture of distilled
spirits.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan*] closed
his remarks by substantially expressing his sur-
prise that anybody should assume to know any-
thing about the commercial affairs of this coun-
try which he does not know, or should have
considered any facts he has not specially con-
sidered. I have the vanity to assume that I
do know a little more about the particular ques-
tion before us than he does, and to know that
the whisky of which I speak, that is in bond,
has not been bought by speculators, although
it maybe true that persons may have attempted,
and perhaps successfully, to speculate by pur-
chasing new whisky in bond. I know one
warehouse in the district of my friend from
Alleghany, [Mr. Mooriiead,] the owners of
which have given bonds to the Government to
the extentof $1,500,000 on whisky of their own
distilling. I know, too, that that firm has in two
years paid the Government, over two million dol-
lars, and that the whisky in bond belonging to
it is much of it three or four years old, and that
as an offset to the loss of interest and cost of
storage, it has more than doubled in commer-
cial value. They hold the fact that it is m
bond as a certificate of its purity, age, and con-
sequent value. It adds to its commercial value,
as it shows it has not been doctored, but went
there directly from the still of a well-known
distiller of fine whisky. I ask gentlemen
whether they are willing to sacrifice the men
who are legitimately engaged in trade because
the gentleman from Illinois asserts that others
are biking advantage of the contingencies and
seeking to profit by them ? The Government
will get from day to day the tax on the whisky
demanded for consumption. These men have
been paying tens of thousands, hundreds of
thousands, and millions of dollars tax on this
article of whisky, and indeed have paid all the
taxthathas been collected. The illicit distiller
or dealer in whisky sought the concealment of
night and got his goods off his har.ds as quickly
as he could. His dealings have been surrep-
titious, while the honest dealer has sent his
goods into bond. They arc in the bonded ware-
houses. Yet, sir, this provision and the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois are calcu-
lated to hurt the honest, distiller whom wo have
already ruined by failing to collect the tax
from the illicit distillers who were undersell-
ing him.
Air. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman |
yield me a minute? ]
Mr. KELLEY. I have but five minutes, j
and cannot yield twenty per cent, of the time i
allowed me. i
The provision I am striving to amend affects j
those whom we have almost ruined because ;
they were disposed to pay the tax while the
scoundrels all round them have been permit-
ted to sell their whisky without paying any
tax. It provides that within one hundred days
they must gather up one hundred and fifty per
cent, upon the prime cost of the whisky. What
I propose, the extension of this time to six
months, is a commercial necessity. If gen-
tlemen will traverse the block from Dock to
Eront and Walnut to Spruce streets, Philadel-
phia, they will see warehouses containing sev-
eral millions of capital embarked in these fine
old whiskies, and there is no reason why the
Government should compel their owners to
sacrifice them and prostrate the general market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that debate be
closed on this section by unanimous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
an amendment which I will offer at the proper
time, and if there be no objection I will have
the Clerk read it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is a
substitute for section sixty-two.
The Clerk read as follows :
That one half of all distilled spirits now on hand
in bonded warehouses shall be withdrawn within one
hundred clays after the passage of this act, and there-
after one lialf of the remainder within sixty days, and
the balance within sixty days moro: Provided, That
this act shall work no remission of tax on distilled
spirits already manufactured.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to offer that amendment and make a few
remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, I am told that certain distillers and
others have on hand an amount of whisky that
would pay a tax, if collected, of $80,000,000.
Now, to collect it in one hundred days and to
compel them to raise the money in that time
would be a great burden. It would distress
those engaged in the business seriously. It is
a legitimate trade with them, and I think they
should have more time. If we provide they
shall pay so much in one hundred days, and
then so much in sixty days, it will be a great
relief to them and will be no injury to the Gov-
ernment. I have added a proviso because I
am not quite sure but that the effect of the pas-
sage of this act will be to repeal the uncollected
tax. I incline to think it will, though I give no
opinion, for I presume the committee have
examined it. But I have added the proviso to
save any difficulty about that. I would like to
be able to offer this amendment and see whether
it meets the approbation of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will be
entertained at the proper time. By unanimous
consent, it will be considered pending.
Mr. PRUYN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that from the reading of
the last clause I understand it to say that it
shall not take effect upon spirits already dis-
tilled. Does he intend to collect the two-dol-
lar tax on that?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sh-;
if there is any tax now assessed on anything
which has been removed from the distillery
the passage of this act before its collection I
fear will be a remission of the whole of that
tax. I give no positive opinion about it, how-
ever. 1 have added the proviso by way of
precaution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
section by inserting the following:
Provided, That the days in whiclithemarketprice
in Now York during thattime shall be less than one
dollar per proof gallon, including the tax, shall not
bo counted in the one hundred days.
If that amendment is adopted it will prevent
any considerable loss, beyond the mere cost of
the production of the distilled spirits to the
owner. Suppose that the price in New York is
only eighty cents, the tax included. Fifty cents
of that goes to the Government, leaving thirty
to be returned to the manufacturer. Now, I
affirm here that there is not a gallon of whisky
in New York which was made out of corn that
