1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
dication of their ancient liberties and strike
one last blow in defense of their
"Altars and their fires*
God and their native land."
Should that final struggle come it will be the
most terrible that the earth has ever witnessed.
In it every mountain-top may become an altar
upon which human life shall be offered up a
sacrifice to embittered vcngeance and unrelent-
ing bate; every valley may be made red and
every river run with blood. In it, should
the friends of freedom be successful, liberty
may be preserved for many generations to
come. Should they fail, the leaden wings of
despotism will overshadow the land, and some
future Gibbon, sitting amid the crumbling
ruins of this once proud Capitol, may record
the history of the decline and fall of the great
American Republic, while a dead silence shall
prevail throughout a continent which had re-
sounded with the world's debate.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow, with a view of taking up Senate bill
No. 170.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say to the
Senator from Iowa that the Senator from Ne-
braska, [Mr. Thayer,] who does not happen
to be in his seat at present, wished to take the
floor on this bill and to have it postponed until
Monday next.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that modification of my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the understanding
that it shall be for the benefit of the Senator
from Nebraska, I make that motion at his re-
quest. He would make it if present.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
modification, that this bill be postponed until
Monday next with a view to proceeding to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 170.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask my friend what
that bill is?
Mr. HARLAN. It is a bill to provide for
deficiencies in the expenses incurred in survey-
ing some Indian reservations.
Air. STEWART. If it will take any time-—
Mr. HARLAN. I think not.
Mr. STEWART. I want to complete a bill
that has been up two or three times, the land
bill for Nevada. We have agreed upon it all,
except the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Conness,] and I presume it
will not occupy a moment. That amendment
can be voted upon, and then the rest of the bill
has been considered and agreed upon.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the bill I desire to
take up will occupy but a short time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, in the name of
my friend from Nebraska, that the bill under
consideration be postponed until Monday next
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
JJILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Mookb, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had signed
on the 25th instant the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of Horace
Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their assigns;
and
A bill (S. No. 300) for the protection in cer-
tain cases of persons making disclosures as
parties, or testifying as witnesses.
indian heservation surveys.
Mr. HARLAN. I now renew my motion
that tlie Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 170.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 170) to provide for
deficiency of expenses incurred in the survey
of Indian reservations. It proposes to appro-
priate the sum of $26,862 93, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to pay balance due for
the survey of lands embraced in the Osage
Indian reservation and the Cherokee neutral
lands in the State of Kansas, under contracts
dated respectively August 14 and 16,1866; this
sum to be returned to the Treasury out of the
proceeds of the sale of the lands, as provided
by treaties with the Indians.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was to insert as an additional section the
following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
87,775, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
hereby appropriated out of any money in theTreas-
urynot otherwise appropriated, to pay for the bal-
ance due for surveying several Indian reservations
in Utah Territory, thesurvey of which was provided
for by act of Congress approved May 5,1861.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$62,015, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
hereby appiopriated, out of any money in theTreas-
ury not heretofore appropriated, to pay for the sur-
vey of theOsage Indian trust lands, ceded to the Uni-
ted States under treaty concluded September 29,1865,
upon a contract made with tho Genera! Land Office
under date of September 18,1866. and another con-
tract for another portion of said trust lands, dated
May 28,1867, which survey is according to the pro-
visions of the second article of treaty concluded with
said tribe September 29,1865.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to meweought
to have some explanation of an item so large
as this. I should like to hear a little more
about it.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot state from per-
sonal knowledge the necessity of the work
done, which is provided for in the third section
of the bill. I can only speak, personally, with
reference to that included in the first section.
That work was ordered from necessity. The
country was being filled up; many thousands
of people were occupying it, and counties were
organized. It is situated in the southeast cor-
ner of the State of Kansas. The work was
done more than a year ago; and I may say that
enough, or nearly enough, money has been for
this whole period lying in the Treasury which
ought to have been applied on this work if it
could have been without an appropriation.
The work provided for in the second section,
I understand, was done in the Territory of
Utah. Perhaps it was ordered by my prede-
cessor in the Interior Department. That is a
small item, however.
The third section, as I learn, is for work
ordered by my successor in the Interior De-
partment, for, I suppose, similar reasons to
those which influenced me to order the first
work done. The members of the Committee
on Public Lands, perhaps, can give informa-
tion in relation to it. The bill was referred to
that committee, and comes back with these
amendments. 1 suppose that committee were
satisfied that these amendments ought to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amount?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember the
amount appropriated by the last section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will state the amount.
The Secretary. "Sixty-two thousand and
fifteen dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary."
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that it is
rather unusual to originate in this body this
kind of an appropriation bill, covering expend-
itures made without authority of law.
Mr. HARLAN. The work was not done
without authority of law. It was provided for in
Indian treaties, which I suppose are the law of
the land, and it was done under the direction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
as is provided by general statute. The surveys
have all been made in the usual way in which
this work has been done, by the joint action
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill, to come in as an additional
section:
Sec. 4. Andbe^t further enacted, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $3,362 03
to pay the balance due for the survey of lands em-
braced in the Omaha and Winnebago reservations,
in the State of Nebraska, under contract, d&ted Au-
gust 14,1866, as provided by a treaty with the Omaha
Indians and authorized by act of Congress, approved
July 28,1866.
I will say in explanation of the amendment
that the appropriation is estimated for by the
Secretary ot'the Interior in his communication
to the House of Representatives dated Decem-
ber 17, 1807.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that amendment re-
ported from a committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir. Nooneappeared
before the committee to induce them to make
the appropriation or include it in the bill; but
they have no objection to it. They knew nothing
about it at the time the bill was considered ;
but it is eminently proper ; and had the matter
been presented in time the committee would
have provided for it in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itisratherofficiousin me
to interfere, but I suggest, as the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations is now
absent, that it seems to me these things ought
to be referred to that committee, and the rule
which we adopted at the last session expressly
required thatall these matters should be referred
to that committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will hear a
little explanation probably he will assent to
this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no doubt the Sen-
ator thinks it right, but I know the rule pro-
vides that all these matters shall be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. We
adopted that rule as a guard. But without
that it seems to me the Senate ought to hesi-
tate in taking up an appropriation bill and
adding to it here and there, without a recom-
mendation of a committee, upon the statement
of a Senator that he has a report in his hands
on the subject. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, I
suggest whether we ought to legislate in that
way and appropriate large sums of money?
Mr. RAMSEY. The sum is not very large.
It is only $8,362. It is for work already done
under a contract with the Secretary of tho
Interior.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I understand this bill—
I was not in the Chamber when it was taken
up—it is a bill that is reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. Is that correct?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; this is the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill was carefully
examined by the committee ; and if the chair-
man was present he would be able to fully ex-
plain the different items of the bill to the
satisfaction of the Senate. There were claims
submitted to the committee in connection
with these amounting to a very large sum of
money. If I am not mistaken, the very
identical claim which has been preferred here
by the Senator from Minnesota was included
in the claims submitted to that committee,
and, upon examination, we decided that the
items contained in this bill should be reported
to the Senate, and that the committee should
recommend their payment, but that there was
no immediate necessity for the payment of the
other items contained in the statement from
the Interior Department, and, therefore, the
committee declined to include those items in
the bill. And it seems to me that il would be
unsafe at this time to incorporate in this bill
any appropriation of money that lias not been
examined by any committee The items that
are embraced in the bill related to complicated
accounts, and we had to confer with the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs two or three times
before we could obtain satisfactory informa-
tion as to their correctness. I know nothing
about this claim that has been presented by
the Senator from Minnesota ; I presume it is
correct; I do not rise particularly to oppose
that, but to indicate the course that the bill
took in committee, to say that we examined
all these different matters, and determined
that the particular items contained in this bill
were the only ones that ought to be paid at
this time.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course the aceonnt is
all correct, or I should not present it. here. I
recollect distinctly that the matter was before
the Committee on Public Lands; but they had
not at that time the evidence before them, and
