3488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
coat less than fifty cents a gallon without the
tax; and when you add a tax of fifty cents that
makes it cost one dollar. Now, if you want to
do justice and at the same time collect your
revenue, do not force a sacrifice upon the owners
of these spirits; and if you do not want to, then
count only the days to make up the one hun-
dred when the market price shall be at least
one dollar a proof gallon, which amounts per-
haps to the mere cost, including the tax.
But I have other objections to this section.
I am in favor of the original proposition to
strike out this section. It has no business in
the bill. I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that when every gallon
of the twenty-five millions now in bond was
manufactured it was made under the express
authority of Congress that it should remain in
bonded warehouses just as long as the maker
of it should please to leave it; that it should
only be withdrawn from bond at his option.
Had the maker supposed that within a year
after the passage of that act you would have
declared that unless they should pay the tax
in one hundred days after the passage of this
bill their spirits should be forfeited and confis-
cated to the Government, do you believe they
would have made a gallon? No, sir; instead
of there being now twenty-five million gallons
there would not have been a gallon in bond at
this time. Sir, it is downright robbery on the
part of Congress to declare a forfeiture of
twenty-five million gallons of spirits unless
the tax shall be paid within one hundred days.
It is bad faith, it is in violation of every prin-
ciple of right and justice. On the part of an
individual it would so be considered. Per-
haps it can be justified by some when the Con-
gress of the United States does it, but not by
me. It will not stand the tost of common jus-
tice between man and man.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. ICelley, to strike out " one hun-
dred days" and insert "six mouths," there
were—ayes 51, noes 49.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I demand tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Kklley and Judd.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. 0' Neill's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the sec-
tion by ad ling to it the following:
And may be sold or disposed of for tho benefit of
the siimo in such manner as shall bo prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under tho
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend tho
amendment by striking out the word "may"
and inserting "shall."
Mr. STEWART. I accept that as a mod-
ification.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; but I object
to the amendment. It is a vicious amend-
ment.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 40, noes II; no quorum
voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. ItTOERSOLL
and Stewart were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 02, noes 86.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. ROBINSON. I make a point of order
on that amendment. We have just adopted a
clause that the time shall be six months.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This is a substitute for the
section.
The' question was taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to—ayes fifteen, noes not
counted.
message from the senate.
^t this point the committee rose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
a message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate having proceeded in pursuance of the
Constitution to reconsider the bill entitled " An
act to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida to representation in Congress," re-
turned to the House of Representatives by the
SPresident of the United States with his objec-
tions, and sent by the House of Representatives
to the Senate with the message of the President,
returning the bill, have resolved that the bill do
pass, two thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass
the same.
The Committee of theWhole on the state of the
Union then resumed the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. KELLEY. In orderto make the second
clause of the section conform to the amend-
ment which has been adopted, I move to strike
out the words "one hundred days" in line
nine, and insert "six months."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to add to the
section, as amended, the following:
Provided, That it shall bo sold at public sale and
to the hiprhost bidder for cash, and ali overplus arising
from suub sale shall bo paid to ttie owner.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words :
But no such salo of distilled spirits shall be made
for leas thsm tlie taxes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. _ I agree to that. I
accept it as a modification of my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, as
modified, will be regarded as agreed to if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none ; and
the Clerk will read the next section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 03. And he it further enacted. That any person
owning, or having in bis possession, any distilled
■spirits intended for sale, oxcecdinp: m quantity fifty
gallons, and not ill a bonded warehouse at the time
when this act takes effect, shall immediately mako
a return, under oath, to the collector ot tlie district
wlieiein such spirits may be held, stating the num-
ber and kind of packages, together with the marks
and brands thereon and tho place where the same
uio stored, together with the quantity of spniis, as
nearly as the owner can determine the same. Upon
tho receipt of such return the collector, being first
satisfied that tho tax on said spirits has been paid,
shall immediately cause the same to be gauged and
proved by an internal revenue ganger, who shall
mark, by cutting, the contents and proof on each
cask or package containing live wine gallons or more,
and shall affix and cancel an engraved stamp thereon,
which stamp shall bo as follows:
[Stamp for stock on hand. No.—.]
Issued by ■ .
  , Collector
of district, Stato if .
Distilled spirits. Tax paid prior to there enaravo
tho date when this act takes effect.)  proof gal-
Ions. Gauged , J8—.
 , Gn.uger.
All distilled spirits owned or held by any person, as
aforesaid, shall be included m tho same return, and
tho gauging shall be continuous until all the spirits
owned or held by such person are gauged and stamped,
as aforesaid, and a report thereof in duplicate shall
immediately be mado by tho gauger to tho collector
and assessor of the district, showing tho number of
packages, contents, and proof of each package gauged
and stamped; and one of said reports shall be transmit-
ted by thecollectorto the Commissioner of Internal
Kcvenue. No such spirits shall be gauged or stamped
in anyeiatcrn or other stationary vessel. Any per-
son owning, or having in possession, sueh spirits and
refusing or neglecting to make such return shall for-
feit the same; and all distilled spirits found, after
thirty days from tho time this act takes effect, in any
cask or packago containing more than five gallons,
without having thereon each mark a,nd stamp re-
quired therefor by this act, shall be forfoitod to the
United States. Any person who shall gauge, mark,
or stamp any cask or package of distilled spirits
under the provisions of this section, or who shall
eauso or procure the same to ho done, knowing that
the same were manufactured or removed from ware-
house subsequent to the taking effect of this act, or
that the taxes thereon have not been paid, shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than $o00 nor more than
$5,000, and imprisoned not less than six months nor
more than three years. All stamps required by this
section shall be prepared, issued, and affixed upon
casks and packages and canceled in the same man-
ner as provided for other stamps tor distilled spirits
in this act, and shall bo charged at thGrateof twenty-
five cents for each stamp.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. The Chair did not know that we were
objecting to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] to the last sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to assent to the amendment with the
modification.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at, all. I wanted to
make the amendment not quite so bad as it
was, but I tried to get a vote on it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I makethe point of order
that wc have passed that, section.
The CHAIRMAN. It. has been the uniform
habit of this Chair—of the Speaker, carried
into the Committee of the Whole—that where a
misunderstanding has occurred—and the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
states that: that is the case now—the Chair will
go back and take the vote over again. That
is the uniform practice of the House and of
the Committee of the Whole, and therefore, th.e
Chair not having heard the call for a division,
now takes cognizance of it, and will order a
division.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. RAUM. I wish to offer an amendment
to the amendment, to come in immediately
before it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain an amendment to the amendment. He
goes back only on this point to correct a mis-
understanding.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose as we have
gone back and as there was no debate on this
proposition, that debate is now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; the Chair
goes back merely for the purpose of a division.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask leave to modify
my amendment so as to read, "the overplus
beyond the taxes and costs."
Mr. MULLINS. I object.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment ; and it was not agreed to, there being
upon a division—ayes 14, noes 92.
Mr. RACM. I ask consent to offer another
amendment to section sixty-two.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
the consideration of section sixty-three.
ilr. BOUT WELL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to
this section on this point; there seems to be
no provision in it for getting a tax on spirits
that may be in bottles or vessels of any sort
holding less than five gallons. It seems to me
that opens the way for the disposition of an
immense quantity of whisky which may be on
hand on which the tax has not been paid.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BOUT WELL, if the committee have
considered the point that is enough.
Mr. ALLISON. The committee have con-
sidered it fully, and I do not think there is any
necessity for any further provision.
No amendment was offered to section sixty-
three.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits sold by order of court, or under process of dis-
traint, shall be sold subject to tax; and the purchaser
shall immediately, and before he takes possession of
said spirits, pay the tax thereon. And any distilled
spirits condemned before the passageof this act, and
in the possession of the United States, shall be sold
as herein provided. And if any tax-paid stamps are
affixed to any caj-k or package so condemned, such
stamps shall be obliterated and destroyed by the col-
lector or marshal alter foifeitnre and before such
sale.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that tbe next sec-
tion. relating to special taxes on distilled spirits,
be read by paragraphs for amendment.
No objection was made.
The first paragraph of section sixty-five was
then read, as follows:
Sec. 65. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing special taxes shall be, and are hereby, imposed,
that is to say:
Distillers producing fifty barrels, or less, of dis-
tilled spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-spirits
to tho barrel, within the year, shall pay $200, and if
producing more than fifty barrels shall pay in addition
four dollars for each such barrel produced in excess
of fifty barrels. # And monthly returns of the number
of barrels of spirits, as before described, distilled by
him, shall be made by each distiller in tho same
manner as monthly returns of sales are made. Every
