1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
they were pressed with other business, and did
not read fully the report of the Secretary of
the Interior. The chairman of the committee
subsequently stated to me that if he had had
this paper before him at the time he would
have reported in favor of the appropriation.
The contracts for the survey of these Omaha
and Winnebago lands were made by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, then Secretary of the Interior.
The work has been done, and there is no dis-
pute about the claim of the party who is enti-
tled to it. The only question is whether he
shall be postponed in the payment of this bal-
ance due him. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, in his communication to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of October 7,
says:
"Referring to our letter of the 17th August last,
transmitting a portion of the plats and field-notes of
the survey of the Omaha reservation, in Nebraska,
for the purpose of being copied, X havo tho honor
now to transmit thepiats and field-notes of tho re-
mainder of tho survey, embracingthofollowing town-
ships, namely: township twenty-four north, ranges
ten and eleven east; township twenty-fivo north,
ranges five to ten east; township twenty-six north,
ranges five to ten oast; and township twenty-seven
north, ranges five to nine cast, sixth principal me-
ridian. Also a diagram showing the boundaries of
tho reservation and the exteriors of the townships
embraced therein.
"in this connection I havo to communion to to your
office that the actual cost of tho survey of the Omaha
and "Winnebago reservations has exceeded the
amount estimated by £3,3ti2 03, and theie existing
no means at tho disposal of this office wherewith to
pay tho same, I have to request that you cause a
deficiency estimate to be submitted to Congress at as
early a day as possible, in order to meet the out-
standing obligations incurred in the survey of tho
foregoing reservations."
And in pursuance of this the Secretary of the
Interior estimates for the balance due for this
survey. It is as proper as anything possibly
can be, or any appropriation ever made by Con-
gress. It is a pity to delay this small matter.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Secretary to
read the portion of the thirtieth rule of the
Senate which was incorporated in that rule
in March last.
The Secretary read the last clause of the
thirtieth rule, as follows:
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate proposing
now items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, bo referred to tho Committee on
Appropriations; and all general appropriation bills
shall bo referred to the same committee."
Mr. RAMSEY. This is not a general ap-
propriation bill, I will say to the Senator from
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I anticipated that ob-
jection, and I want to know whether the rule
needs«revision. Certainly it was made to cover
a ease just like this. I think the whole of this
bill ought to be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations; and I think it was the design
of the Senate in providing for a Committee on
Appropriations to have a committee responsi-
ble for just such bills as this. Now, first an
appropriation bill, which is general to all intents
and purposes as to this objection, is reported
by a committee other than the Appropriation
Committee ; and then in the Senate at large,
one Senator after another, without notice, is
permitted to offer amendments upon which the
Senate is to vote, of course, without any safe-
guard beyond the assurance of the particular
Senator moving the amendment. I do not
mean that this amendment is not meritoiious,
and I do not mean that I would not be willing
to vote, wherever a vote upon that ground
'should be given at all, upon the assurance of
the honorable Senator from Minnesota; but it
seems to me we ought to abandon tho rule or
we should adhere to it. One of the commit-
tees of this body was divided, and a separate
Committee on Appropriations was formed, to
the end that there might be a scrutiny of every
appropriation, however meritorious it might
be, which in any sense took the form of a gem
oral appropriation bill. Here the bill itself
has had no scrutiny of that kind provided by
the rule, and now amendments one after an-
other are offered, I submit, in defiance of the
very spirit and purpose of the rule itself. I
think the amendment now offered should go
to the Committee on Appropriations, and Ithink
the bill itself should go to that committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish, as we are starting
off at this session of Congress with a view to
economize in public money, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate a little more closely to this
matter. I have no doubt the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] has examined it and is
right; but under the rule this bill should have
gone to the Committee on Indian Affairs, be-
cause the original bill provides that money shall
be taken out of the funds of the Indians. 'Now,
the Senator on my right, who is chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Hen-
derson*,] says, as I understand' that there is
no legal authority for this provision.
Mr. HENDERSON. Except as to trust
moneys.
Mr. SHERMAN. The original bill I should
have no objection to, because it seems to have
undergone some scrutiny. Still, as the money
comes out of Indian funds, it ought to go to
the Indian Committee ; but if the Senator from
Iowa has examined it I would not make any
objection to it. That bill is founded upon special
reasons ; and it may not be proper, therefore,
to append it to an appropriation bill, strictly
so called; but as it is to carry into effect a
treaty it should go to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. It seems to me, though, that sections
two and three are ordinary matters of appropria-
tion, tho very kind of appropriations, indefinite
in character, which ought to bo acted upon by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The rule which has been read was adopted
on my motion, and the purpose of that rule
was to prevent sudden action of the Senate
upon matters of this kind without examina-
tion. I think the better way would be to
allow this whole matter to go to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, where H may be prop-
erly added to the Indian or some other appro-
priation bill; but to act upon it in this hasty
way would, it seems to me, be sotting a bad
example, if we intend to economize or make
any change in regard to the public expendi-
tures.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no particular feel-
ing about this bill going to tho Committee on
Appropriations or any other committee. It
was sent by the Senate originally to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and that committee
addressed a communication to the Secretary
of the Interior, asking him whether the bill
was right, whether the surveys had been made,
and whether the money was due. The Secre-
tary of tho Interior replied to the committee,
sending here the same letter that he sent to
tho House of Representatives. I have a printed
copy of it before me. There are in that printed
letter many items which are not contained in
this bill. There were some estimates in that
communication for expenses to bo incurred,
which we thought it best not to put into this
bill, because the service had not actually been
performed. We put into this bill those items
as to which the Secretary of tho Interior certi-
fied to us that the service had actually been
performed under treaty stipulations in part
and under acts of Congress for the rest.
I have in my hand the Osage treaty, which
was concluded in .January, 1867. It provides
that the lands shall be ''surveyed and sold,
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior,on the most advantageous terms, as other
public lands are surveyed and sold.1' Then
there is a provision in the second article in ref-
erence to the cession of other lands, but with
the same general provision that they are to be
surveyed and sold for the benefit of the In-
dians, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and subject to such rules and regula-
tions as he may from time to time prescribe.
There is further provision that the Treasury
shall be reimbursed for its expenditure when
the lands are sold. The authority, then, for
these appropriations is tho treaty, except for
that section relating to surveys in Utah Terri-
tory, aifd that is in accordance with a law that
required these surveys.
The item contained in the second section
of this bill is in pursuance of a law which
is found in the thirteenth volume of United
States Statutes-at-Large, page 63. The law
provided for the survey and sale of the In-
dian reservations in Utah, and did not pro-
vide that the expense should be reimbursed
out of what the Government should receive for
the lands. But the appropriation contained
in the third section of this bill is under a treaty
which provided, so far as relates to the Indian
lands, that the Government should be reim-
bursed out of the proceeds of their sale. The
particular amendment before the Senate, how-
ever, as I understand, is the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, which is to provide
for an item contained in the communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, to which I
have referred. The committee did not put
that in the bill, because they did not have the
matter fully before them. I do not know but
that that item is right. I have since received
a communication from Mr. Wilson on the sub-
ject, in which he says that the service has been
rendered, and that there is the amount due
which is claimed.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator a question before he takes his seat.
One of the sections of the bill—I have it not
before me—appropriates over sixty thousand
dollars in round numbers, I infer from what the
Senator says, under Indian treaties. Am I
right in that?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I inquire of the
Senator how the Committee on Public Lands
appropriately reports appropriations to carry
out or arising under Indian treaties.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not have
read the treaty. That treaty extinguishes the
Indian title, and puts the lands at the disposal
of the Govern ment, to be disposed of like other
public lands. Those lands are now publiclands,
and they are to be disposed of and adminis-
tered upon the same as any public lands of the
United States. That is the reason the matter
was considered by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire whether
the object of the survey is not to determine
how much of these lands there are, what por-
tion of them properly belongs to the public
lauds? Is that the purpose of the survey?
Mr. POMEIIOY. The purpose of the sur-
vey is to sectionize the lands for settlers and
account to the Indians for the number of acres.
Mr. CONKLING. And to ascertain the
boundaries, also?
Mr. POMEROY. The exterior boundaries
are not to be paid for here.
Mr. CONKLING. But I speak of the
treaty. I ask whether the treaty does not pro-
vide for ascertaining the boundaries of these
lands which are thus to be turned over to the
public lands?
Mr. POMEROY. Not the boundaries. The
reservation was definitely located and surveyed
many years ago, but this is for cutting it up
into sections and quarter sections for settlers.
That is what this survey is for.
Mr. CONKLING. For that alone, does the
Senator say ?
Mr. HARLAN. I can say to the Senator
from New York that it is for that alone. The
surveys are precisely like the surveys of other
public lands.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, I inquire, out of
what fund does this money come?
Mr. HARLAN. A part of the expenses of
these surveys was paid for out of an existing
appropriation of something like fifty thousand
dollars, which, however, was not large enough
to cover the whole expense; but ultimately this
appropriation bill provides and the treaties
provide that tho Treasury shall be reimbursed
from the proceeds of the sales of the land.
The Senator will see rery readily that the lands
cannot be^sokl^until they shall have been sur-
veyed. The Government cannot give title to
land until after it shall have been surveyed,
and hence it becomes necessary to appropriate
money to secure the survey, unless the sur-
