2464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May M,
yer. Sitereaves, Smith, Stewart, Stone, Taylor, Van
Auk en, Van 'trump, Ward, Eliliu B. Wasbburne,
William B. Washburn," Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, A nidi,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Bearaan, Beatty, Benja-
H"0' Benton, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb. Covodc.CulIow, Bckley, Ela, Farnsworth. For-
ms, Fields, Gravely, Harding, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Juda,KeHey, Kelsey, Kitchen, Ivoontz, Wil-
liam LaWMhce, Lincoln, Lougbridge, Mallory, Mc-
Carthy, McClur-g, Miller, Moore, Morreli.Newcomb,
Nuim, 0'JNeill, Paine, Porham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Polsley. Price, Raum, Schonck, Scofleld,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Taffe, Thomas. John Trimble, Trowbridge. Twichell,
Upson, Burt Van Horn. VnnWyck, Ilenry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—Ti.
-NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtoll,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Butler, Cake, Cary,
Chanler, Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon,
iJodge, Donnelly, Eggleston. Eliot, Finney, Fox,
Griswold, Haigbfc, Halsey, Hill, ilolman. Hooper.
Asahel W. Hubbard, RichardD.Hubbard, Ilulburd,
Jones, Laflin, Logan, Lynch, Maynard, McCulloch,
Mereur, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mulling, Pomeroy,
Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood—55.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was disagreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move the previous question on the bill and
pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROMWELL. Will the gentleman
yield to me a few moments ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield five minutes.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, the space
of five minutes is very little time to say any-
thing on this question. Therefore I shall con-
fine.myself simply to two or three reflections.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
has assailed these constitutions on account of
the provisions they contain. Sir, how longhas
it been a Democratic principle to assail a con-
stitution on the ground that the people of the
State have made it different from the judgment
of members of Congress? One of his objec-
tions is that they contain confiscation provis-
ions, and that in some way they create inequal-
ity in the distribution of the public wealth.
Sir, what was the character of the former con-
stitutions which these have superseded? Were
the gentleman and his Democratic associates
ever heard speaking against a constitution
which confiscated not only the goods and chat-
tels, but the bodies and souls of a majority of
thepeople.of South Carolina, which sold them,
fathers, mothers, and children, to the highest
bidder under the hammer of the auctioneer ?
Was that Democratic? Yet, if it was not, when
did the Democratic party or a Democratic
orator lift a voice against the enormity? Nay,
when did they fail to have jails in every north-
ern State under the fugitive slave law, wliich
was the second gospel of the party—jails
yawning for the flesh of the hunted fugitive
when the bloodhounds were on his track in
the swamps and marshes of the South and over
the very hills of the State which the gentleman
represents. And this whether they were black,
mulatto, or white; for so long as the Demo-
cratic law made a slave of the mother, the
children were confiscated slaves forever.
Mr. MUNGEN. Did General Washington
ever sign such a bill as that ?
Mr. BROMWELL. I never was with Gen-
eral Washington, and I cannot testify as to his
acts.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You never will be with
him. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROMWELL. The next ground of
complaint is that common schools are provided
for in this constitution. That, of course,
awakens a double measure of wrath in this
Democratic orator. We are asked if the Czar
of Russia allows his serfs to take charge of the
Government. Who expects the Czar of Russia
to put either serfs or nobles in control of any
portion of the Government in that absolute
despotism? Is it then, indeed, true that the
Democratic party, under Andrew Johnson, is
so completely assimilated to the despotism of
Russia as to be in favor of a reproduction of
the principles of Russia here? It is most
likely so; for it is only yesterday they have been
compelled to lay down the whip and the auc-
tioneer's hammer, those Democratic scepters
over the souls and blood of men, because when
the slave power they defend was hunted to its
last defense, the battlements of Vicksburgand
Atlanta and Richmond went down amid dust
and llame and fire beneath the stunning thun-
ders of republican and loyal power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I do not expect to be heard all over
this House, but what I say will be said in such
a way that those who choose to be quiet can
hear it.
Our friends on the other side have to-day
pursued the tactics which partially, though not
to the same extent, they have pursued in what
they have been pleased to call arguments for
the last eight or ten years. It is not arguing
the question, but arguing the man. For ten
years no man on that side of the House has
risen and spoken on any important question
but what if a person were to enter the gallery
he would think that I was on trial—that "the
gentleman from Pennsylvania" was on trial
for some offense. Four fifths of the time, and
I believe a little fraction more than that of the
time of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to-day was consumed in attacks, if
you choose to call it so, on " the gentleman
from Pennsylvania"—not upon his measures
or upon that which he may be advocating.
And why? I call upon every high-minded
man here to say whether that course of argu-
ment, so long and persistently pursued, is an
honorable or a dishonorable course of argu-
ment.
Gentlemen need not flatter themselves by
supposing that I take to myself their remarks
as " flattering unction to my soul," or suppose
that they intend them for the purpose of ex-
alting me. I say to my brethren, all of us
being equal, that it is intended as a disgrace
to them. It is intended, under the pretense
of exalting me, to degrade all others. Does
the gentleman believe—for such is his argu-
ment—that by appealing to the euvy, the am-
bition, of gentlemen around me, he can excite
them to action because -I happen to be in a
particular course? Does he suppose that this
excessive and unnecessary and- unjustified
praise of one individual is so to excite the
ambition, or rather the envy, of the rest of the
House as to induce them to forget the arts, the
low arts, of low cunning, of low arguments—
not in a low gentleman, but in a gentleman
who uses low slang?
Now, sir, I, once for all, the first time in
the course of ten^ years, have alluded to this
unfair, this offensive line of argument on the
part of gentlemen on the other side of the
House. Excuse me, therefore, if, when I have
said this, I shall pass it over and pretermit
three quarters of an hour of the same kind of
what the gentleman from New York thought
was argumeat—I have no doubt did not know
but it was argument—in his exaltation of one
individual and his depression of one hundred
and forty.
Now, then, a single word as to the bill. We
have for some months past been listening to
the clamor of outside gentlemen, sometimes
known as " Copperheads," transformed for the
worse from Democrats into crawling things
called "Copperheads;" we have heard from
them for months and months past loud com-
plaints because the Republican party refused
to admit these rebel States to participation in
this Hall and in Congress, and we have been
told that in consequence of their being outside
our acts were illegitimate, and would be so
declared. So much so that, fearing this Gov-
ernment would fail, our most patriotic and
radical head of the Government—for he was
p., radical as I was, the last time I talked with
himjust before his speech of the 22d of Feb-
ruary—I have not seen him since, and I take
no reports about what he has been doing since
that time—so much so that that radical friend
of ours, obeying their clamor, and yielding to
the popular wish, established eleven ixulita iy
governments in those outlying States. Con-
gress, some time after, not exactly liking the
kind of men he appointed to rule there, took
upon itself to assert its prerogative, and passed
the laws known as the reconstruction laws. It
made use of certain military men in carrying
those laws into execution. And we have heard
to-day the most bitter denunciations against
Congress for establishing military despotisms
in these subjugated States. How consistent
all that is I leave to others to judge; it does not
require much argument.
But there is great complaint that negroes
are to be allowed to take part in the Govern-
ment of this country. And it is said that in
adopting these constitutions there were riots
in some places, and in other places there was
stuffing of ballot-boxes. I regret that this
voting.did not take place before the testimony
was taken, and published in the contested-
election case of Dodge vs. Brooks ; for that
testimony showed precisely the same course
of conduct in that district which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has declared
took place in these States down South.
Mr. BROOKS. But in that case they turned
me out of Congress ; and now they propose to
admit all these States. That is the difference.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. They
turned the gentleman out because I suppose—
I do not know, but I hope not—because he
either did or did not head those mobs. They
let these States in because the legal voters did
not head the mobs; but they were headed by
men who were afraid of negro rule.
The gentleman protests against these con-
stitutions because black men were allowed to
vote. Now, I advise the gentleman to become
dramatized, to become the hero of a second
play like that of Rip Van Winkle, which is
now so well played by that admirable actor,
Mr. Jefferson. Has the gentleman from New
York been asleep for the last few years? Does
he not know that when he went to sleep this
country was a country of slavery and governed
by a despotism ? Let him now wake up ; let
him call his little dog " Schneider," [laughter,]
or anything else that will enable him to recol-
lect that he is still the same man. He will find
no despotism ; he will find no slavery ; he will
find no boudage within the broad limits of thi3
fair land, which God made free, but which we
made slave. God has again made this laud
free, through the agency of the infernal re-
gions, by means of war and bloodshed. And
I trust the Almighty Ruler of nations will
never again permit this land to be made slave ;
or, in other words, that He never will permit
the Democratic party to gain the ascendancy.
For just so much as the Democratic party shall
again gain the ascendancy, just so much will
that same spirit of despotism run riot which
has disgraced this nation for a century. That
spirit is rank in the breast of every man of
them; and should they ever again obtain
power despotic institutions will again be rees-
tablished over every man whom they call their
inferior, and who would be made inferior to
them if they could wield the lash upon his back.
I trust, therefore, the gentleman will find
that we do mean that every man in this Re-
public, whether he be black or white or mixed,
whether he come from the East or from the
West, from the North or from the South, from
the rising sun or from the setting sun, is as
free and as much his own governor as the
gentleman from New York or myself. And
I am sure there is no one who is uot as worthy
so to be as either of us. Let it never again
be'heard in these Halls that we object to insti-
tutions because they allow beings, allow all
beings with immortal souls in their bodies, to
take part in the Government under which they
