1-868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2465
are to serve, under which they are to live,
under which they are to rear their children,
and under which they are to die.
I therefore say at once that I have no apol-
ogy to make for the admission that we intend
that these men shall have the right to compete
in intellect, in science, in religion, with the
gentleman from New York and his constitu-
ents of the Five Points, with myself and the
honest yeomanry who are my constituents, and
wilh all the people of this nation. And let him
who is the most worthy, who climbs the highest
upon the ladderof merit, of science, of intellect,
of morality—let him be the ruler, according
to law, of all his sluggard neighbors, no matter
what may be their color, no matter who they
are, whether they be men of nobility or whether
they be of common rank. Indulge no longer
that vain idea that any man of sufficient age
and intellect is to be excluded from the gov-
erning power of this country. Never again I
trust—never again I believe—will that infa-
mous day appear for which the gentleman from
New York so ardently prays.
Now, sir, what is the particular question
we are considering? Five or six States have
had submitted to them the question of form-
ing constitutions for their own government.
They have voluntarily formed such constitu-
tions, under the direction of the Government
of the United States. They have sent those
constitutions here, backed, in every instance,
even in that of Alabama, by a majority of all
the voters within the State. And when I say
"all the voters" I mean all the voters, black
and white, whether they come from New York
or South Carolina or elsewhere. They have
sent us their constitutions. Those constitu-
tions have been printed and laid before us.
We have looked at them; we have pronounced
them republican in form; and all we propose
to require is that they shall remain so forever.
Subject to this requirement, we are willing to
admit them into the Union.
I know that by delaying thus far the admis-
sion of these Siates a great object has been
gained. Some gentlemen on the other side
■were fearful that some of the Senators from
those States would be admitted before we had
ousted the first military despot of that region.
There is not much danger now; and those gen-
tlemen might afford to let these States come in.
They know, I suppose, whether that gentleman
is to remain longer in the White House; I do
not. But, at any rate, we eyi admit no Sen-
ators in time to operate upo.il that question.
The gentleman from Oflio [Mr. Bingham]
lias moved an amendmeyjagainst which I most
earnestly protest. He proposes, against the
recommendation of the committee, to leave
each of these States free after its admission
to amend the provisions with eference to the
elective franchise, as it may deem proper, with
regard to its own citizens. All of those States
have now adopted the principle of universal
suffrage. This country has adopted that prin-
ciple so far as it has spoken of late. What we
desire is to secure in these States the main-
tenance of this principle which the;y have
adopted, so that every person of requisite age
within those States shall be entitled to vote.
The very amendment which thegentlemun from
Ohio proposes is what the protestants from
South Carolina, who appeared beforeus, asked
should be inserted in the bill. And they did
not hesitate to give as their reason that if they
should be allowed to amend their constitution
in this respect, after the State had been admit-
ted they could adopt a property qualification
xvhieh would exclude from the elective fran-
chise all the poor men ; and when I asked them
distinctly whether such a provision would not
be intended to reach the negroes they had too ,
much manliness to deny it. If the amend- !
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio !
should be adopted, they could adopt a property !
qualification, applicable to all classes alike, I
which would reach down to just about the
black line, depriving the negroes of the priv-
ilege of voting and again subjecting them to
oppression. It would not be long before, by
40TII COXG. 2D SFSS. -NO, 155.
means of vagrant laws and other laws of sim-
ilar character, the colored race would be again
reduced to bondage even worse than the
patriarchal.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
would be taken advantage of to inflict wrong
upon the colored race, just as the constitutional
amendmentabolishing slavery has been evaded
by taking advantage of the clause, "except as
a punishment for crime whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted." In Florida, as I
learn from two gentlemen connected with the
Freedmen's Bureau, a law has been enacted
providing that persons convicted of assault and
battery may be sold for twenty years into bond-
age. If a white man runs against a negro on
the pavement it is called an assault and battery,
and the white man takes the negro into the
court-house and in fifteen minutes has him
convicted and sentenced to bondage for twenty
years. These two gentlemen told me that they
had witnessed the sentence of six negroes under
just such circumstances. The negroes were
sold into slavery for twenty years because white
men had jostled them, or, as was said there,
they had jostled white men. So if we leave
the door open these colored people may all be
made slaves again. I do not propose to leave
any such door open.
As to the proposition to let the States make
the time of residence required of voters a month
longer or a month shorter, that is a matter of
no particular importance. What is it if men
are required to wait nine months before voting,
when in my own State a much longer residence
is required ?
Mr. Speaker, I desire the vote to be taken
before gentlemen become weary, and I will not
occupy further time. I ask that the vote may
be taken.
The question recurred first on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevexs, of Pennsylvania, as
follows:
Add to tho end of the first section as follows:
That so much of the seventeenth section of the
fifth article of the constitution of the St ate of Georgia
as gives authority to the Legislature or courts to re-
pudiate debts contracted prior to the 1st day of Jime,
1865, and similar provisions in the other constitu-
tions mentioned in this bill, shall be null and void
as against all men who were loyal during tho whole
time of tho rebellion, and who, during that time,
supported tho Union, and they shall have the same
rights in the courts and elsewhere as if no rebellion
had existed.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 50, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, ISeaman, Beatt.y, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Blair, Bromwell, Broomall, Bucldand, Reader
AV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Donnelly,
Drigss, iickley, Eggl eston, i?arnswortb, F ields,Grav e-
ly, Harding, lligby. Hill, Ilolman, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester 1). Hubbard, Hunter, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
sey. Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy,
MeClurg, Miller, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Sunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Perhain, Peters, Plants, Polsley, Price,
Kaaia, Robertson, Sawyer, Shanks, Smith. Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Tatl'o, Thomas. JohnTum-
ble, Trowbridge, Twicbell, Upson,Vim Wyck, Ward,
Welker, William Williams, Stephen)?. Wilson, Wm-
doni, Woodbridge, and Woodwaid—17b. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Baker, Banks. Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Cullom,
Kla, Kldndge, E!iolerriss, Ferry, Garfield. Get/-,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Judd Kerr. Ketcham, Knott, Lafiin, Lincoln,Logan,
Mallory, McCormiek, Moore, Morgan, Mungen. Jii b-
burne,'Henry 1). Washburn, and Wilfiam B. Wash-
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Blaine, Brooks, Burr, But-
ler, Cake, Gary, Chanter, Churchill, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, l)awes. Dixon, Dodge, Finney. Fox, Gris-
wold, Haight. Halsev. Ilawkms. Ilotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbaid, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Jenckes, Jones, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,
MeCullough, Mercur, Moorhaad, Alorrissey, Mul-
lins, Phelps, Pike, Poland. Pomcroy, Kobinson, Seo-
field, Selye, Sheliabareer, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stone, Xaber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Vaii^Aernain,
Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—til.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question next recurred on Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment as modified by Mr. Benja-'
win, as follows:
Strike out the following:
That the constitutions of said States shall nover
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are now entitled to vote by said constitu-
tions respectively, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law. -whereof
they shall have been duly convicted; and no person
shall ever be held to service or labor as a punish-
ment forerime in said States, except by publicofficors
charged with the custody of convicts by the laws
thei eof.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
That the constitutions of said States shall never
be amended or changed so as to discriminate in favor
of or against any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States in the right to vote who are now enti-
tled to vote by saidconstitutionsrespectively, except
as a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common Jaw, whereof they shall have been duly
convicted; and no person shall ever be held to ser-
vice or labor as a punishment for crime in said States,
except by public officers charged with the custody of
convicts by the laws thereof.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
57. noes 46.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question next recurred on Mr, Brooks1 s
amendment, to add the following;
And be it further enacted, That on and after tho
passage of this net nil citizens of the United States
in the States heretofore named shall be entitled to
equal rights of suffrage.
Mr, JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania, called for
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDHIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the alHrmative—yeas 100, nays 35, not vot-
ing 4.o ; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Banks,
Beaman. Bcatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Cake, Header W.Clarke, Sidney Clark e.Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley.Egglesf.on,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gar-
field, Gravely. Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 7.). Hubhnrd, Hunter, fn-
gcrsoll, Jcnckes, Judd, Julian, Keliey, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Lafiin, George Y. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridgc,
M allory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCiurg, Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Peiham, Peteis, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Price, Kanm, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Scolieid,
Shanks, Smith, Aaron F.Stevens, ThaddeusSievons,
Stewart, Stokes. Talfe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry L>.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, William
William*, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—109.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Baker, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, EUlridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golia-
day, Grover, ilolman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, John-
son, Kerr, Knott, Loan, Marshall, MeCormick, Mor-
gan. Mungen, Nibiaek, Nicholson, Phelps. Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Ross, Siigreaves, Stone, rVan
Auken, Van Trump, Thomas Williams, and Wood-
ward—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Cary, Chanler, Church-
, ill. Cook. Cornell. Cullom. Dawes, Dixon, Finney,
< l^ox. Griswold, Haight, Halsev, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D.Hubbard,lluiourd, Jones, Koontz, Lynch,
Maynard, MeCullough. Mercur, Moorhead, Moiris-
sey. Mullins, Poland, Pomeroy, Selye, ShellabKrger,
Spalding. Starkweather, Taber. Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Aonuui, Robcit T. Van Horn, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, John T. Wibons Wood, and Uood-
bridge—45.
:j So the bill was passed.
Daring the roll-call,
;! Mr. KOBINSON stated that his eolioague
[Mr. Taber] had been compelled to leave on
,j account of sickness, bnt wished it nndera[ ood
! thai he would havered "no" had he been
■j IUfhe result having been announced as ab<m
' recorded,
