THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds,J on
the 24th of April, is as follows :
Ordered, That after the arguments shall be con-
cluded, and when the doors shall be closed for delib-
eration upon the final Question, the official reporters
of the Senate shall take down the debates upon the
final question, to be reported in the proceedings.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
moved to amend the proposed order by adding
to it the words:'
But no Senator shall speak more than once, nor
to exceed fifteen minutes, during such deliberation.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the words "except
by leave of the Senate to be had without debate,
as provided in Rule 23." The amendment as
it stands seems to cutoff the provision of Rule
23. Perhaps the mover of the amendment will
accept this modification, for I suppose it is not
the intention to cut off that provision.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise for information. I
rise to inquire of the Chair whether this is a
consultation of the Senate that we are now pro-
ceeding with, and consequently open to limited
debate, or whether we are sitting as a court,
debate not being in order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate has
made as yet no order for closing the doors for
deliberation, nor has it made any order to
retire for consultation. Consequently at present
there can be no debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon the first order pre-
sented I ask for the yeas and nays.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I ask for
the reading of tbe twenty-third rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the twenty-third rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
"XXIII. All the orders and decisions sball be
made and had by yeas and nays, which shall be en-
tered on the record, and without debate, subject to
the operation of Rule VII, except when the doors
shall be closed for deliberation, and in that case no
member shall speak more than onceon onequestion,
and for not more than fifteen minutes on the final
question, unless by consent of the Senate, to be had
without debate; but a motion to adjourn maybe
decided without the yeas and nays, unless they be
demanded by one-fifth of the members present."
Mr. DRAKE. Is the amendment offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island subject to
amendment,?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Itisnot. Itisan
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. If it be adopted as an amend-
ment can it be amended afterward?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator can state
what modification he desires.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish, before the word
''leave," in the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island, to insert the word
" unanimous."
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not accept that
proposition. Myamendment merelyconforms
to the twenty-third rule.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for information if,
under this proposed amendment of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, the rule can be changed
without one day's notice, or whether it can
be changed at once upon the motion of any
member ?
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I desire to
inquire if it is in order now to move that the
doors of the galleries be opened.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is.
Mr. THAYER. Then I make that motion,
and I ask for the reading of the nineteenth
rule.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the reporter's
gallery at any rate will be opened, unless we
mean to meet in secret conclave.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the nineteenth rule.
Rule 19 was read, as follows:
"XIX. At all times whiletheSenateissittinstupon
the trial of a n impeachment, the doors of the Senate
shall be kept open unless the Senate shall direct the
doors to be closed while deliberating upon its de-
cisions."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That rule does not
apply, as the Chief Justice understands, to the
clearing of the galleries, but applies to thegen-
eral closing of the doors for purposes of
deliberation.
Mr. THAYER. I make the motion that the
doors of the galleries be opened.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That motion can
be made at this time only by unanimous con-
sent, there being another question pending. Is
there any objection to the motion ?
Mr. CONNESS. I object to it
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Akthoxy.]
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I beg to inquire whether the
order of the Chair included the place where
the reporters sit, where no applause was made,
and their absence from which leaves us entirely
in secret session so far as public reports are
concerned.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
was under, the impression that the order of the
Senate did not include the reporters' gallery,
and put the question distinctly to the Senate
whether it did or did not. While the question
was being put the reporters left the gallery, and
the point was not decided by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I submit, as a ques-
tion of order, that under the order the doors
of the reporters' gallery should not have been
closed, and are now open, in view of that order,
to the reporters.
The^ CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection  
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that while
it may be very proper to admit reporters, it is
equally proper to admit everybody 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. CAMERON. I only desire to say a
word. I think we ought to admit everybody 
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair did notdirect
the reporters' gallery to be cleared.
Mr. CAMERON. And the Chair certainly
did not direct inoffensive people to be turned
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the pending
order be postponed with a view to submit a
motion to open the galleries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will allow
me, I desire to say that I think the demonstra-
tion in the galleries will not be repeated. I
hope gentlemen will withdraw their objections
and by unanimous consent let the galleries be
opened.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the object is
accomplished.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we have accom-
plished all that is necessary. The order has
been obeyed. If there is no objection, I hope
the presiding officer will order the doors of
the galleries to be opened.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection, the doors will be opened. The Chair
hears no objection, and he directs the galleries
to be opened.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and at the expi-
ration of the recess the Senate resumed its
session.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
understands that the argument on the part of
the House of Representatives and also on the
part of the defendant, the President of the
United States, is closed. If there is anything
further to submit the gentlemen on both sides
will state it.
Mr. ManagerBOUTWELL. Nothingfurther
on the part of the Managers.
Mr. EVARTS. Nothing on our part.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
questions that are now coming before the Sen-
ate ought to be discussed and debated. I move,
therefore, that the Senate retire to consider of
the different propositions that are before us.
either to their room or in the Senate Chamber;
or if by unanimous consent the debate can be
allowed to be extended to ten minutes, we re-
maining here, I do not want to disturb any-
body, and I would rather go an attd debate
here as we are. " 1 ' .
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The only motion
in order is that the Senate retire for delibera-
tion, or that the doors be closed fordelibeia,-
tion. . _ i.' t"
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from Indiana to change his motion so that,
we may consult in this Chamber and let the
audience retire.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is~ in
order but by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was about to suggest
that we proceed now as if we had retired, with-
out disturbing anybody. I think we might so
regard ourselves, and go on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that can be
done by unanimous consent.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By unanimous consent
we may be allowed to proceed under the rules
as if we had retired for deliberation.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection 
Mr. CONKLING. What is the precise
proposition?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That we consider these
questions in public as if we had retired, so that
what is said in regard to these proposed rules
shall be public.
Mr. CONNESS. That is to say that debate
shall be allowed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To the extent of ten
minutes as limited by the rules.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it proper to say to the Senate that this
reverses its whole order of proceeding. It can
be done, undoubtedly, by unanimous consent.
If there be no objection 
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. WILLIAMS. I
object.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Objection is made.
The Senator from Indiana moves that the Sen-
ate retire for the purpose of considering the
pending question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
motion so that it shall be an order, as the rules
provide, that the doors shall be closed.
The CHIEF J USTICE. That is the regular
motion in order, that the doors be closed under
the rules. The Senate has heretofore varied
that proceeding by retiring for conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Senators will allow me
to say that my only object in making this mo-
tion was to relieve ourselves in regard to the
limitation of debate. 1 think there is no neces-
sity for disturbing the audience, or disturbing
the audience by going out.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
must remind the Senator that debate is not in
order. The question is on the motion to close
the doors for deliberation.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate Chamber having been cleared
and the doors closed,
The CHIEF JUSTICE stated the question
to be on the order proposed by Mr. Edmckds,
with the amendments thereto offered by Mr.
Williams and Mr. Akthoxy.
After debate,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN moved to lay the
proposed order on the table; which motion
was agreed to—yeas 28, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk
ling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Fve-
linghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson ofNew
Hampshire, Pouieroy, Kamsey, Ross, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Williams, and
Yates—2.8, ,
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalev?.
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fow-
ler, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill
of Vermont, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulshury,
Sprague, Van Winkle, Vickers, and Willey—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Howard, Nye, Sher-
man, Wade, and Wilson—6.
So the order was laid on the table.
The CHIEF JUSTICE laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Speaker of the House of
