1442
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26*
munication was sent to Congress, which was
on the 17th of December last, Mr. Smoot had
not completed the survey, and the Secretary
of the Interior put this note at the bottom of
his letter :
"The surveys under this contract are not yet com-
pleted, but will be probably by Fobruary 14, 1868,"
I have called on him since, and he has in-
formed me that the survey is completed. In-
deed, Mr. Smoot is now here waiting for his
money. The survey is entirely completed,
and accepted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know that in Novem-
ber that survey had not been entered upon.
It seems to me that the appropriation in the
third section of this bill is rather a large appro-
priation for the survey. I, however, know but
little in regard to the expeuse and cost of such
things.
Mr. POMEROY. That appropriation of
$62,000 includes the survey of all the Osage
reservation, both the trust lands and the others.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is mis-
taken about the third section. The third sec-
tion provides expressly only for the survey of
"the Osage Indian trust lands," ceded under
"the second article of the treaty" of 1865. If
the Senator will turn to the printed bill he will
find that he is mistaken in the observation he
has just made. The entire sum of $62,015 is
appropriated for surveying the trust lands ceded
under the second, and not the first, article of
the treaty.
Mr. CONKLING. How much is that per
acre?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not calculated
that. I have calculated only the amount con-
tained in the first article of the treaty, which is
two hundred and ten miles by twenty.
Mr. POMEROY. The Department out of a
previous appropriation paid for the survey of
the lands mentioned in the first article of the
treaty with the exception of $3,515. The con-
tract for surveying the trust lands was $58,500,
and the balance due on the former survey is
$3,515, and putting the two items together
makes the entire sum $62,015.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 would inquire of the
Senator how much has been paid upon the
contract under the first section of this bill pre-
viously. The sum of $28,000 is appropriated
here. How much was paid previously?
Mr. POMEROY. Twenty-seven thousand
dollars have been paid. The whole contract was
$30,000 under the first article of the treaty.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the com-
mittee who had this bill under consideration
investigated the matter. I have only looked
into it so far as the Indian treaties are con-
cerned. The second section of the bill refers
to another matter, and that is the survey of
some lands in Utah Territory.
Mr. POMEROY. That section is to carry
out an act of Congress passed in 1861. I have
that act before me, and it directed the Secre-
tary of the Interior—
" To causo the several Indian reservation ^here-
tofore made or occupied as such in the Territory of
Utah to be surveyed into tracts of land not exceed-
ing eighty acres each, and to be sold under direction
of the Commissioner of the General Land Ofiice."
That surveying was done by virtue of that
law. Now, sir, I have no objection to any
other committee examining into this question.
Indeed, I should prefer to have that done. If
the Senator from New York makes a motion
to refer it to the Committee on Appropriations
I shall make no objection, although I have ex-
amined the matter very thoroughly myself, il
But that there is any necessity under the rules i;
for referring a bill like this to the Committee |i
on Appropriations I deny. I am aware that if !j
a general appropriation bill was pending, and
we were moving to amend that bill, under the !
rule we should be required to submit that
amendment to the Committee on Appropria- l<
tions one day before offering it in the Senate; il
but under our rules one standing committee !•
of this body has just as much authority as an- j|
other to leport a bill; and the Committee on i;
Appropriations have no moie authority and are ||
no more vested with the facts that will enable II
them to report than any other standing com-
mittee to which a subject is referred. 1 have,
however, such implicit confid ence in that com
mittee that I have no objection to this bill
going there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It ia undoubt-
edly true, as the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas remarks, that there is no limitation on the
right of any committee to report a bill making
an appropriation; but I think he will agree
with me that since the Senate has organized
a new committee upon the subject of appro-
priations, whose only jurisdiction is appropri-
ations, the propriety and fitness of things are
that every measure which is in the nature of
an appropriation simply should go to that com-
mittee, with a view of being put upon the ap-
propriation bills. It is manifest that without
that you never know when your appropriations
are made. I suppose it was to avoid that diffi-
culty that the Senate in its judgment thought
it advisable to institute a committee of this
character. Now, my honorable friend will not
deny that this bill is simply and purely a bill
for making appropriations. The Committee
on Appropriations have thus far studiously
avoided the consideration of any question
which belonged to any other committee, or
by the nature of it required the consider-
ation of any other committee so as to keep
our duties entirely distinct from those of
any other committee. I hope, therefore, my
honorable friend from Iowa, who introduced
this bill, will consent that it may go to that
committee, and I assure him that we shall
give it as early consideration as the nature of
the case will admit.
Mr. HAIILAN. The only possible objec-
tion I could have to its being sent to another
committee is the delay that must thereby ne-
cessarily be occasioned. I introduced this bill
on the Gth of December, 1867, and it was re-
ported back on the 28th of January, 1868. It
has been lying here for about a month since it
was reported, and I could not, consistent with
my own conscience, permit it to lie any longer,
because I knew that the original bill as sent
to the Committee on Public Lands was right.
I knew that personally; and I knew, more-
over—and 1 wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to hear this remark—
that the work has been done for a full year.
The men who did it are not rich men, have
borrowed money to defray the expenses of the
survey. I know personally that it is doubling
upon them every sixty days, and will ruin
tliem if it drags along, as I perhaps ought to
accuse myself of permitting it to drag along
thus far. Perhaps, however, the most speedy
way to secure the passage of the bill is to refer
it to that committee. Probably that course
will secure its passage through the other House
with less delay. My object in introducing it
as a separate bill was to permit it to stand on
its own merits, personally knowing it to be !
right. I shall not, however, object to the Sen-
ator's motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to inquire whether
that motion will carry my amendment also to
the committee, and whether this is the notice
which the rule requires. ["Certainly."] I
would also say to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations that the work provided
for in my amendment has been done as is set
forth by the Secretary of the Interior in his
communication. The party has finished it a
good while ago, and has been waiting here in
Washington for months past to procure his
money, unable to meet the sacrifice which the
delay in its payment involves. I hope it will
meet the favorable action of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 move that the
bill be referred to the CommiHee on Appro-
priations.
The motion was agreed to.
mkssaue from the house
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPiiekso.n", its Cleik, an-
nounced that tiie House had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (II. R.
No. 214) to amend the act passed March 23,
1867, entitled "An act supplementary to an act
to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States, passed March 2, 1867, and to
facilitate their restoration."
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 114)
directing that the Government of Great Britain-
be supplied with certain volumes of the Nar-
rative of the Exploring Expedition.
The message farther announced that the.
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 208) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Dubuque
and Sioux City railroad.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 601) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1869, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a message from the President of tbs
United States, transmitting a report from the
General commanding the Army of the United
States, prepared in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 4th instant, request-
ing copies of all instructions relating to the
third military district issued to General Pope
and General Meade ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in further answer to the resolution of
the Senate of the 13th of January last, relative
to the appointment of Hon. Anson Burlin-
game to a diplomatic or other mission by the
Emperor of China, a report from the Secretary
of State; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
destitution in the district.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 270) for the
temporary relief of destitute people in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The amendment was after theword "lands,"
in line six, to insert the words '• and Provident
Aid Society."
Mr. I1ARLAN. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment proposed by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW and Mr. JOHNSON. How
will the bill read with that amendment?
Hie Secretary. The bill, if amended as
proposed by the House of Representatives, will
read:
That tne sum of $15,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the temporary relief of
the destitute population in the District of Columbia,
to be expended under the supei vision and direction
ot the Commissioner of ltctujecs, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands, and Provident Aid Society, &c.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
central branch pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the bill
(?\No- 25°) relating to the Central Branch
Union i. acinc railroad, with the view of m&k-
ing it the order of the day for Friday, at one
o'clock.
Iho question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 8.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
^,r" WILLIAMS, is this a motion to take
uprm e tfl make ifc a special order?
^ I he I RLblDEN L1 pro tempore. The q
tion is on taking up the bill.
^ Mr. I OMIiiROY. Merely to fix a day for
its consideration.
Mr. I'liiSSENDEN. I have no objection to
a day being fixed, provided it is not made the
specia order for that day. I do not like
special orders ; and if I had been in the Sen-
ate yesterday when the finance bill was made
a special order I should have objected to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill was not made
a special order. In the absence of the Senator
i ques-
