4514
THJB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
shrewd and unscrupulous criminal lawyer of
tlie most degraded and remorseless type, after
the most shameless distortion and garbling of
testimony, even after the employment of per-
jury, to little else than base and unwarranted
innuendo, of garbled extracts and perverted
phrases skillfully put together by the practiced
hand of a cunning knave.
Not even the chairman of the committee, its
legitimate and proper head, signs the report.
All save one, as if conscious ot' the humiliat-
ing and pitiful failure of all tlieir travail, and
possessing too much self-respect to lend them-
selves to a task so revolting, long since prac-
tically withdrew from the investigation, leav-
ing it to one so well fitted for it by instinct and
habit, and have declined to give it the respect-
ability of their names.
Frequent and loud complaint has been made
throughout the country, and echoed in this
report, of the efforts alleged to have been
made by the friends of the President to im-
properly influence the members of the court
during the pendency of the trial, but not one
word is said of the efforts made and persisted
in during the entire trial, and even after the
vote on the eleventh article, to improperly in-
fluence the court for conviction. The badger-
ing of Senators who chose to keep their own
counsel, and to persist in a determination to
give the President a fair and impartial trial,
was too well understood for the committee to
have been ignorant of it. The threats of po-
litical obloquy, and even of assassination if
they failed to vote for conviction, borne to the
dissenting Republicans by every mail, must,
according to the spirit ot this report, be con-
sidered as among the legitimate and proper
influences to be used in such a cause, else why
were they not also inquired into ? Who can
doubtthat this investigation, commenced before
the court had fairly closed its sitting for that
fateful 16th of May, was itself relied upon as
one of the instrumentalities for securing con-
viction on some one of the remaining articles
of impeachment? On the morning of that
day 1 was threatened at the doors of this Cham-
ber by two honorable Senators that a vote on
my part for other than the impeachment of
the President would certainly be inquired into,
as it has been. That this rod was sought to
be held over me for the manifest and only pur-
pose of forcing me to vote for conviction, and
with the connivance of the committee, who
can doubt? Who can doubt either that the
subsequent prosecution of the investigation
was more for the purpose of coercing Senators
to vote for the balance of the articles than
with any expectation of developing the alleged
corruption ?
It is a noticeable feature of the report that it
commences at the outset with an apology,
which is not an honest, manly confession, but
halting and lame, for the miserable failure of
the investigation, and for the tissue of false-
hoods and perversions which the report con-
tains. The author needed not to have so early
reminded the reader of this characteristic of
his paper, for a very little progress into its
labyrinths of falsehood and malice will de-
velop that fact and expose the depths of its
wickedness to any but the most prejudiced
ey®'.
The author of the report alleges that money
and promises of patronage were used to pro-
cure the President's acquittal, yet fails to trace
either directly or indirectly to the door of a
single Senator who so voted, and jumps to the
conclusion that because an effort was made to
procure funds for the defrayal of the expenses
of the defense it must, perforce, have been
used for the corruption of Senators. The re-
port is more charitable, however, when those
are involved who voted for conviction. The
inquisitors were very far from being as zeal-
ous in inquiring into the other side of the
case. Why does the author fail to tell us any-
thing of the disposition of the ''fabulous sums"
which he is understood to have informed a gen-
tleman could be had, if necessary, for the pur-
pose of procuring conviction? Why does he fail
to tell usof a certain $100,000 draft, said to have
been drawn by himself in the same behalf? It
might be instructive to know why he refused to
allow a certain witness testifying before the
committee to state all that he knew about bri-
bery in connection with the impeachment.. A
great deal of useful, if unpleasant information
might possibly have been obtained in this mat-
ter if the investigations of the committee had
been pushed in another direction than t'hey
were with the same zeal and industry.
It was with the view, in part, of supplying
this hiatus that the effort was made to procure
an investigation by a committee of the Senate,
but that is now denied us, from what motive I
am unable to say; I hope from no fear of
unpleasant results to others than those who
voted against impeachment.
In regard to the promise of patronage for
the defeat of the impeachment, if true, there
may be two sides to ihat also. Was it, or was
it not, true that the forty thousand offices of
the country were farmed out, from the cabinet
down to the cross-roads post office, in the
interest of a cabal which had predetermined
that one set of men should go out of office
simply that another set might go in.
Upon the pretext of explaining the relations
of Mr. Perry Fuller with Senators, and the
alleged influence he was thereby enabled to
exert on the result of the trial, the report pro-
ceeds to say, on page 4, that—
" Tko closcst intimacy and family relations have
existed and still exist betwoon Fuller and KoS3.
Fuller is the son-in-law of the porson whero Senator
Itoss lodtres, and that Senator lloss was visited by
Fuller on tlio evening beioro the vote was taken on
tho eleventh article, and that Sonator Ross took
breakfast at Mr. Fuller's oil tlio morning of that
vote."
If anything were needed to establish the title
of the author of this report to the well-earned
reputation of a retailer of lilthy scandals that
want is supplied by this extract. Subsequent
events transpiring in connection with the im-
peachment, in which he has added the soubri-
quet of '' persecutor of women " to his many
laurels in the various grades of infamy, give
point and elucidation to this language of the
report. As to Mr. Fuller's visit on the evening
named, I am happy to have been the recipient
of frequent visits from him, both before and
since that time ; but what possible reference
this or any of those visits had to the matter
of the impeachment the report fails to inform
us, and I am in utter ignorance. I did, also,
breakfast at Mr. Fuller's on the morning of
that vote, as I have done many times before
and since. These are two of the very few
statements of fact contained in the report.
What impropriety there was in so doing does
not appear. If the author of the report had
published the testimony in his possession in re-
lation to the conversation had on that occa-
sion the malignant insinuation which he seeks
to convey, yet does not dare to express, would
have been utterly refuted, and therefore its
publication was doubtless deemed unnecessary.
It certainly was unnecessary to the purposes
of the committee.
As an example of the commendable and
searching thoroughness with which this grand
inquisitor has pursued his investigations in
this branch of the impeachment, he informs us
that I appeared at my friend's table " without
invitation." Now, inasmuch as he has given
to the world this fact of my departure from
the usual etiquette of society, I will take this
opportunity to apologize to my early friend, as
also to his estimable family, for my apparent
rudeness in so important a matter. The world
—certainly the inhabitants of this capital, owe
the author of this report a debt of gratitude !
for thus reminding us that an "invitation,"
even among friends between whom "family
relations" exist, is a prerequisite to the en-
joyment of hospitality. Otherwise the notori-
ous individual who speaks "for the commit-
tee" might at some future time be found an i
unbidden guest, especially if the household
which should be called upon to endure the
honor of his presence, should be a little lax in
the care of its table ware.
But what this has to do with charges of cor-
ruption in connection with the impeachment I
am at a loss to divine. Possibly, however, at
some t'utuie time, upon the publication of the
balance of that of which this is only a ''report
in part," we may hope to be enlightened by
this redoubtable hero of the dual stars, con-
ferred by a credulous Congress, more oil ac-
count of what was expected than anything that
had been performed, in exemplification of the
Apostle's definition of faith, which he says is
"the evidence of things not seen—the sub-
stance of things hoped for."
testimony is introduced in the report to
prove that 1 had expressed a determination to
vote for the conviction of the President, aud
afterward abandoned that determination and
voted for acquittal. This is simply not true,
cither before, during, or after the closing of the
case. It is true, however, that up to a late day
in the progress of the trial I felt constrained,
in deference to the almost unanimous wish of
my party, to resolve all doubts of a legal
nature (and they pervaded the entire case) in
favor of conviction. Notwithstanding this,
however, I could not from the first regard the
preferment of the articles of impeachment,
aside from the legal merits of the case, other-
wise than as a partisan mistake ; that their suc-
cessful maintenance could not but result, in
view of the pending presidential canvass, ill
embarrassing complications and probably in
disaster. There are forty thousand offices in
the Government, for the immediate filling of
which an irresistible pressure would at once
have been created, and a scramble for office
would have been witnessed never equaled ex-
cept upon the quadrennial change of adminis-
tration, accompanied by a change of party su-
premacy. It is well known that Presidents are
seldom so weak as upon the elections next suc-
ceeding their inauguration. The reason is
obvious. The great bulk of the swarm of place
hunters who invariably besiege the incoming
President are of course disappointed in their
expectations and demands for the recognition
of their services to their party by official pre-
ferment. The result is disaffection and apathy,
and often a serious diminution of party strength
ia the next succeeding elections. This would
have been most emphatically true in this case.
Never before was the brood of hungry cor-
morants congregated at the Federal capital
in anticipation of the deposition of the Pres-
ident and the establishment of a new regime
more clamorous and remorseless than during
the trial of the impeachment.
To have installed a Republican President
and then have failed to satisfy with position
nine out of ten of these place hunters, as would
certainly have been the case, would have been
to send to every part of the country a discon-
tented and demoralizing element, which by its
indifference, if not by its opposition, would
have proved embarrassing in a canvass which
must be brought on before the healing effeets
of time could have soothed its imaginary
wounds.
Add to this prolific cause of defection the
immediate assumption of the responsibility for
the immense fraud and peculation in the reve-
nue department, which it would have been
impossible to have cured till long after the
presidential election would have passed, and
we would have had a load to carry which no
party ever yet successfully carried through a
presidential canvass,
_ lo have gone into that election under such
circumstances must have been for reasons pat-
ent to partisan politicians embarrassing, to say
least, if not fatal) and X have the success
of the Republican party too much at heart to
consent to any measure which I believe to be
destructive of its interests or prejudicial to its
success.
For more than a year I have labored earnestly,
in my humble way, for the nomination and
