1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
election officsrs, and in fait very few as many
as one belonging to the Uliion party. And now
I ask you to cast an eye oyer the remaining five
counties, Russell, Monroe, Clinton, Todd, and
Metcalf. In them we tind twelve precincts,
(six ot' which are in Monroe,) in each of which
there were two, the legal number of Union men
serving as officers of election. At these twelve
precincts, as the records on file will show, I
received a majority of the votes cast.
1 now call your attention to another statute
of Kentucky, approved March 15, 1862. See
Mvers' supplement, page 197, in which it is
clear to every mind that those men who ad-
hered to. or aided, or counseled those engaged
in the rebellion are not eligible to the office of
judge, clerk, or sheriff of an election.
Under this law uot only are a large propor-
tion of those election officers in eleven of the
counties rendered ineligible on the score of dis-
loyalty, but in two of those twelve precincts, at
each of which two Union men were appointed.
Throw the votes of those precincts out, and
I am elected by a majority of 61 votes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in-view of the facts in
this case—facts fully sustained by record proof
and by the affidavits of as good men as the
country affords—can it be that this House,
which, by the Constitution and laws of the
country, is "mude the judge of the election
returns and qualifications of its members,
hesitate to sanction elections legally held by
men legally appointed? Can you hesitate to
disregard and discountenance elections when-
ever held when it is shown that the law made
to govern and control the election has been
wholly disregarded?
Why, sir, to recognize an election under
such circumstances would be a virtual repeal
of the only law upon our statute which recog-
nizes the Union men of Kentucky as entitled
to any political rights. It substantially pro-
vides that the reoel Democracy shall not be
deemed one of the parties in the State; and I
do hope that the Congress of the United States
will be the last body of men on earth to take a
step in the direction of making this law inop-
erative.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have shown that
wherever the law in my district was observed
or adhered to I received majorities, and that
where it was violated or disregarded the ma-
jorities were cast against me.
To this view of the subject the committee
object, upon the ground that "there is no pre-
cedent for fixing upon the district representa-
tives determined by so small a proportion of
the votes cast." I confess to have studied the
history of contested elections in this country
to but little purpose if the precedents are not
numerous wherein seats upon this floor have been
given to those who had received majorities of
votes cast at elections legally held. 1 claim to
have such majority, and if the loyal and legal
voters of my district (when civil law was over-
thrown a few years since by an armed rebel-
lion, and when rebels and traitors have not yet
learned to respect the laws of the land or the
rights of loyal men) are to be denied represen-
tation on this floor when it is shown that they
are the only men in the district who have con-
formed to and complied with the laws, simply
because they are not counted by thousands
instead of hundreds, I shall conclude that this
House, like the committee, have learned to de-
spise the day of small things. And I ask this
House if it would be just to the loyal men of
the greater portion of Monroe and small por-
tions of llussell, Clinton, Metcalf, Cumberland,
and Todd counties, where the law was obeyed
and where only I received majorities, to slam
the door of this House in their faces and bid
them begone, simply because the rebels and
traitors of other counties and precincts set the
law of the land at naught? Would this be draw-
ing a just discrimination? I ask you to show
me a precedent for such a step. And if this
House establish such a precedent I shall most
devoutly pray that it may never be followed by
your successors.
Now, I grant you that if the Constitution.or
laws of the country required that a man should
receive ten thousand or five thousand votes I
should not have been before you asaclaimant.
But having, as I have shown, received a ma-
jority of the votes cast at the several precincts
where the election was legally held, I cannot
believe that this House will hesitate to accord
me the seat.. On the contrary, you should and
I think will seize it as a favorable opportunity
to ''teach transgressors the law."
Now, Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen of this
Council House of this great nation, I feel that I
have in my feeble manner presented a claim to
a seat on this floor which will entitle me to be
recognized as the peer of any member of this
House. I feel, sir, in view of my political
record for the last twenty years, when it is
remembered that my position has been promi-
nent in the front rank of the advance guard
of the friends of Union and liberty, I have but
few peers in this House.
As such I come before you in.the name of as
loyal a band of men as breathes the vital air.
In their name I present a valid, legal claim,
supported by certified proof drawn from the
records of the country. I felt in April last,
when I consented to enter the canvass against
Mr. Hise, that I had accepted a trust of no
ordinary character. I feel now that so far I
have, to the best of my abilities, discharged
my solemn obligations, my responsible duties.
It now devolves upon you, gentlemen of the
House, sitting as a high court, to judge of elec-
tion returns, &c., of my district, and in this is
involved questions of a momentous character.
Admit me, and you at once recognize as valid
every vote cast in this district where the election
was legally held. Admit me, and you at once
recognize the only man or person (known on
earth at the time the votes were counted and
when the certificate should have been issued)
for whom a single vote had been cast for Con-
gress atthe May election; admit me, and thereby
meet the wishes and gladden the hearts of
every loyal man in my district; admit me, and
thereby meet the expectations of every rebel
in my district, for they know that my claim is
founded upon the principles of eternal justice.
On the other hand reject me, and thereby
gladden the great rebel heart of the nation :
! reject me, and thereby rejoice the Knights of
the great Golden Circle; reject me and thereby
give a recognition to the rebels and traitors of
my district and State who have become a law
unto'themselves, not regarding Union men as
having any rights that they are bound to re-
spect ; reject me, and thereby drive from your
doors one upon whose lips Union and liberty
has long loved to linger; reject me, and you drive
from your doors one who is here as the advo-
cate of equal rights to all and exclusive privileges
to none; reject me, and you drive from your
doors one who wishes to have the honor of hoist
ing in this consecrated Hall a banner to be
called the banner ofgood conscience, invitingall
to rally under it, bearing in letters of living ligkt
this inscription: 1' Impartial suffrage to all loyal
menreject me, and thereby make a humili-
ating concession to rebels and traitors. Will
you do this? Can you do it? To this I feel
that this House might respond through her
Speaker, "Is thy servant a dog that he should
do this thing?''
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that every chan-
nel through which menaces, threats, denuncia-
tions, and abuse could pass from Kentucky
touching the relative claims of claimants and
contestants has been called into requisition.
This House has been denounced in no meas-
ured terms because of the action taken in July
last. Your committee, sir, which visited Ken-
tucky, composed of gentlemen who are the
peers of the best men of the State, were shame-
fully ridiculed and dubbed the smelling com-
mittee ; and this, too, by the leading recognized
organs of the rebel as well as Union Democ-
racy; and in a most menacing, defiant tone
has it been said, " We dare you to reject the
members-elect; you dare not admit the con-
testants ; you dare not impeach the President;
you d re not reconstruct the State of Ken-
tucky." Well, I believe, I know there are
some men in this House "who have souls to
j dare that which they have the will to do," and
I wish to add one or more from Kentucky to
this number. I wish to be an officer on board
the great ship of state upon her first voyage,
bearing that beautiful banner with this inscrip-
tion: "The loyal man's Government," Let
the old ship of state be launched with that
motto floating at her mast-head, and my word
for it, if you will cast your mind's eye up into
the precincts of the glory-land you will see
Washington and Adams, Franklin and Madi-
son, Jackson, Webster and Clay leaning over
the high battlements of heaven, looking down
with approving and exultant smiles, while the
sainted martyr, with the fallen braves, would
: raise their voices attuned anew, singing, "Roll
on, roll on." Let the old ship of state, thus
newly rigged, be launched upon the waves of
1 time as a missionary to the world, and at no
distant day you may see the American coat of
arms, the bird of liberty, extending her pin-
ions so that the tip of one will rest on the
north and the other on the south pole, leaving
in their tracks the remains of crumbled thrones
and trampled crowns, while, like the bow of
hope, she will hold her culminating point in
,! the heavens, and shed her redeeming radiance
upon the evening of the world.
And now, Mr. Speaker, in view of the report
, of the committee adverse to my claim, I am
tempted to ask leave to withdraw my applica-
! tion ; but a silent monitor reminds me in plaint-
I ive tones to remember that in all my former
struggles for union and liberty I have never
, surrendered, and that the great loyal heart of
my district and State demand that I should, as
their advocate, know no such word as fail. I
catch the sentiments of the poet when he
said—
" Theynevcr fail who fight in freedom's cause;
The block may suck their gore,
II Their heads may sodden in the sun.
I i Their limbs be strung to city gates or castle walls,
But still their spirits walk abroad."
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I had not
expected to be called on to say anything to-
day, nor had I proposed to do so under any
ordinary range of debate in this case. It had
not occurred to me that my friend, who is con-
testing the seat from my district, was serious in
his application ; and even now I am not con-
vinced that he is really in earnest. And I wish
to apologize to this House for his rambling and
incoherent sermon, as his case is not adapted
to his role, however well it may suit his fancy.
Richard is not himself to-day. If he can but.
be heard hereafter upon this subject he will
tell you a tale that will
"Make each particular hair stand on end."
In so far as the legal argument is concerned,
there is nothing left for me to say. The report
of the able and distinguished Committee of
Elections has preferred an argument which
embraces so fully.the legal points in this case
that it would be an act of supererogation in
me to add a single word to what they have
said on that subject. Indeed, Mr. Speaker,
I had not proposed to trespass upon the court-
esy of the House by saying one word in oppo-
sition to my friend or in favor of myself, re-
garding as I do, the report before the House,
as covering every practical and legal point in
this case. But the remarkable anu unjust
speech which my friend has made upon one
particular branch of this subject compels me
to say a word or two in reply upon this point.
I could, if I thought it necessary or proper, go
over the whole argument in vindication of the
claim which I prefer, and in opposition to that
presented by my friend; but such a proceed-
ing on my part would be superfluous and
would not be tolerated by the patience of this
House. Hence what little I have to say shall
be said in as few words as possible.
It is always pflinful to me to be opposed
even in interest to a personal friend; and I
confess that the unjust reflections which my
friend indulged with reference to myself be-
cause I am here in accord with the wishes of
