1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
I did not insist on that portion of my motion.
I simply asked that that bill be postponed until
to-morrow, and I hope the Senate will indulge
me with an opportunity to make my remarks
upon it to-morrow. I did not wish to set the
example of making special orders, and there-
fore I did not insist upon that portion of the
motion which I first submitted yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. If this bill is assigned for
Friday, that is enough. We do not care about
making it a special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the postponement, but I object to making the
bill a special order.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. I am content
to take a simple order to postpone.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the finance bill
comes up to-morrow there will be no objec-
tion to taking this bill up the next day, unless
it will interfere with that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its coming up on Friday. I do not wish to
stand in the way of considering the bill of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; let us assign
it for consideration on Friday, without making
it a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont aslss leave to withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays. It can only be
done by common consent. The Chair heard
no objection, and the call is withdrawn. The
question now is on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan, to take up Senate bill No. 256.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed
until Friday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 223) in relation to islands
in the Great Miami river ;
A bill (H. R. No. 296) to establish and declare
the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed a post road, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) extending the time
for the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad ;
A bill (H. R. No. 214) to amend the act
passed March 23, 1867, entitled '■ An act sup-
plementary to an act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States, passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate their restora-
tion
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 114) directing
that the Government of Great Britain be sup-
plied with certain volumes of the Narrative of
the Exploring Expedition ; and
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 104) author-
izing the transmission through the mails, free
of postage, of certain testimonials by the
adjutant generals of the several States.
SURVEY OF BAYOU MANCIIAC.
Mr. HENDERSON. I submit a motion for
the printing of three thousand additional copies
of the report of General Macalester, together
with the maps accompanying it, showing the
survey of the Bayou Manchac and the Amit6
river. I have a statement from the clerk of
the Committee on Printing showing that the
reports and maps will cost $115 per thousand,
that is $11 50 per hundred. The object of
this survey was to show the practicability of
a steamboat channel between the Mississippi
river and Mobile direct, without going out into
the Gulf through Lake Ponchartrain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why print extra copies?
Mr. HENDERSON. Because they will be
very much in demand. The survey is a very
valuable one, and I understand it shows the
project to be practicable and feasible. The
cost of the printing will be very little. I know
the motion will necessarily go to the Committee
on Printing, but I wanted to assure the Senate
that I do not make it in ignorance of the cost.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will, under the rules, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
LAND ©RANTS TO NEVADA.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of bill No. 190,
which is to further provide for giving effect to
the various grants of public lands to the State
of Nevada. The bill was amended and putin
a satisfactory form to the whole Senate, 1
think, except an amendment offered by the
Senator from California. That is the only
question pending, and I have spoken to him
about that, and notified him that I would call
the bill up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
190) to further provide for giving effect to
various grants of public lands to the State of
Nevada, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Conness, to add
as an additional section—
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall apply to the lands granted to the State
of California by the act of July 2,18G2, known as the
agricultural college grant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to be in
the way of any measure that the Senator from
Nevada or the Senator from California may
severally or conjointly think important to their
States ; but the bill granting this special addi-
tional privilege to the State of Nevada was
sent to the Committee on Public Lauds, and
that committee amended it in many important
respects with a view to the state of facts in
Nevada. Now the proposition is to extend
all those provisions to California. That has
not been considered in the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; 1 think it should be considered
there; and although I doubt very much whether
my proposition will be accepted by the Senate,
inasmuch as it is a very easy thing to legislate
in regard to public lauds, and nobody here
cares much about them, 1 will submit amotion
that the bill, with the amendment, be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not make that motion. I would rather there
should be a vote on the amendment. I would
not like to have the bill go back again to the
committee. That would involve a delay, and
it is absolutely necessary that this bill should
pass. 1 can state to the Senate the object of
the amendment. I understand it perfectly,
and I think it is very plain; but I do not want
this amendment to carry the bill back to the
committee, because I have been about a month
trying to get the bill through, and I do not wish
any further delay.
Previous to the passage of the agricultural
college grant, in 1862, the policy of the Gov-
ernment had been for a long time to offer its
public lands at public sale after they had been
subject to preemption for a time; and after they
were offered at public sale they became subject
to private entry. The terms of that grant only
gave lands subject to private entry. Since the
passage of the homestead bill a case seldom
occurs where lands are offered at public sale,
so as to become subject to private entry; and
in California they have not been able to get
their agricultural college lands at all. The old
practice has pretty much ceased, and so they
need legislation. If the matter is to be con-
sidered by the Committee on Public Lands, I
prefer that the Senator from California should
draw up his proposition in a separate bill and
submit it to the committee to be considered,
so that this bill, which has been so long pend-
ing, may go through. If the Senate is not pre-
pared to vote on this proposition now I think
the suggestion I have just made is a fair dis-
position of the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us vote down the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that
that proposition is exactly just to the Senator
from California, who offered the amendment.
The amendment is now quite as important a
proposition as the original bill; and the Sen-
ator from California, I think, is as earnest for
his amendment, as the Senator from Nevada
is for his bill. Whether he ought to tack it
on to the bill or not, is not for me to discuss.
For myself, I am not particularly attracted
to either proposition, but I acquiesced in the
report of the committee. Whether the Senate
ought to vote down this amendment without
having it considered in committee is for the
Senate to consider. I shall not vote on that-
question.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that, as the Sen-
ator from California is absent, this bill had
better be postponed to another day, if the Sen-
ator from Nevada is willing.
Mr. STEWART. That suggestion has been
made so often in regard to this bill that 1
must really seem troublesome to the Senate.
1 have had it up repeatedly and have not yet
been able to get a vote on it. It has been
considered repeatedly, and on mere sugges-
tions it has been brushed away so many times
that I begin to look as if I was intruding on
the Senate and getting nothing done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We all know you are
modest.
Mr. STEWART. On account of my extreme
modesty, when I trouble the Senate I want
to effect some purpose. Now, I am not able
to see the objection that can be legitimately
made to the amendment, of the Senator from
California. It is certainly proper that if, by a
change of system, the lands m California do
not become subject to private entry, that State
should still have the benefit of this grant, the
same as the other States. The eastern States,
the States that have no public lands within
their limits, got land scrip to the amount of the
grant of land to them. Those States which
had within their limits public lands subject to
private entry took those lands as long as the
custom of the Government continued to offer
lands for sale, so that they should become
subject to private entry.
But that custom having stopped, you surely
will not deprive California of the opportunity
of receiving her proportion of the grant, the
same as the other States. That is the only
effect of this amendment. I think the Senate
can safely agree to it. If the bill passes with
this amendment it will be considered by the
Committee on Public Lands of the other House,
and will there be examined. The principle
no one will object to of allowing California
to receive her quota of the agricultural col-
lege lands, the same as the other States. If
it requires further legislation the Senate wil.
undoubtedly agree to it, in order to carry ou'
the original grant. If there is no more land
in California subject to private entry which cat,
be taken, certainly that State ought to be en-
abled by legislation to get her share of the
grant, the same as the other States. The sys-
tem of the Government, as the Senator from
Indiana knows perfectly well, has changed
within the last few years, since the passage of
the homestead bill particularly; so that it is
not now necessary to offer lands at public sale.
I should like to have a vote on the amendment.
I believe it is perfectly safe for the Senate to
agree to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not approve of the
practiee of proposing in the Senate import-
ant amendments to bills that have been re-
ported from a committee, and passing upon
them without any considerable examination or
consideration, for I think in that way the leg-
islation of Congress is frequently inconsiderate
and hurtful; and I do not wish to have this
amendment proposed by the Senator from
California voted down in his absence. 1 think
he ought to bo here to explain and defendhis
amendment; and it strikes me that it is due to
him that he should be present while this sub-
ject is considered. He regards this as a very
important amendment; and 1 would suggest t<)
