410
SUPPLEMENT TO
In the tenth article the division suggested by
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
may be more easily made. It contains a gen-
eral allegation, to the effect that on the 18th of
August, and on other days, the President, with
intent to set asidethe rightful authority of Con-
gress and bring it into contempt, delivered cer-
tain scandalous harangues, and therein uttered
loud 'threats and bitter menaces against Con-
gress and the laws of the United States en-
acted by Congress, thereby bringing the office
of President into disgrace, to the great scandal
of all good citizens, and sets forth, in three
distinct specifications, the harangues, threats,
and menaces complained of.
In respect to this article, if the Senate sees
fit so to direct, the question of guilty or not
guilty of the facts charged may be taken in
resgpct to the several specifications, and then
the question of guilty or not guilty of a high
misdemeanor, as charged in the article, can
also be taken.
The Chief Justice, however, sees no objec-
tion to putting the general question on this
article in the same manner as on the others ;
for, whether particular questions be put on the
specifications' or not, the answer to the final
question must be determined by the judgment
of the Senate, whether or not the facts alleged
in the specifications have been sufficiently
proved, and whether, if sufficiently proved,
they amount to a high misdemeanor within the
meaning of the Constitution.
On the whole, therefore, the Chief Justice
thinks that the better practice will be to put
the general question on each article without
attempting to make any subdivision, and will
pursue this course if no objection is made. He
will, however, be pleased to conform to such
directions as the Senate may see fit to give in
this respect.
Whereupon,
• Mr. SUMNER submitted the following
order; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That tho questions be put as proposed by
ttao presiding officer of tho Senate, and each Sen-
ator shall rise in hisplaco and answer "guilty" or
"not guilty" only.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted on the 25th of April last:
Resolved, That tho following bo added to tho rules
of procedure and practice in the Senate when sit-
tinsr on tho trial of impoachments:
On a conviction by the Senate, it shall be tho duty
of tho presiding officer forthwith to pronounce tho
removal from office of the convicted person accord-
ing to the requirement of tho Constitution. Any
further judgment shall boon the order of tho Senate.
After debate,
The CHIEF JUSTICE announced that the
hour of eleven o'clock a. m., fixed by order
of the Senate for deliberation and debate, had
arrived, and that Senators could now submit
their views on the several articles of impeach-
ment, subject to the limits to debate fixed by
the twenty-third rule.
After deliberation,
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, at ten minutes
before two o'clock p. m., the Senate took a
recess for twenty minutes; at the expiration
of which,
After further deliberation and debate,
On motion by Mr. CONNESS, at five o'clock
and thirty minutes p. m., the Senate took a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
and thirty minutes p. m. and resumed delib
eration.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
motion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to inform
the House of Kepresentatives that the Senate, sitting
for the trial of tho President of the United States,
will be ready to receive the House of Kepresenta-
tives in the Senate Chamber on Tuesday, the 12th of
May, at twelve o'clock m.
After further deliberation,
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
motion for consideration :
Ordered, That the standing order of the Senate,
that it will procoed at twelve o'clock noon to-morrow
to vote on the articles of impeachment, bo rescinded.
After further deliberation,
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, Thatwhenthe Senate,sittingforthetrial
of the President upon artioles of impeachment, ad-
journ it be to meet to-morrow at half-past eleven
o'clock a. in.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Tcesdat, May 12, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation was made by the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Messrs. Managers Bingham, Boutwell,
Logan, and Stevens appeared at the Man-
agers' table.
Messrs. Stanbery, Evarts, and Groesbeck,
of counsel for the respondent, appeared in their
seats.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings of the Senate sitting
for the trial of the impeachment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As time is rapidly flying,
I move that the further reading of the Journal
be dispensed with.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It willbe so ordered
if there be no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I object. I want the Journal
read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
order that, I offered yesterday.
•The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order offered
by the Senator from Vermont is the first busi-
ness for consideration. The Secretary will
read the order.
The order was read, as follows:
Ordered. That tho standing order of the Senate,
that it will procoed at twelve o'clock noon to-morrow
to voto on tho articles of impeachment, beroscindod.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The CHIEF J USTICE; The Senator from
Michigan. No debate is#n order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to make a state-
ment, with the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, in regard to my colleague. He is very
1 The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Michigan can make his statement by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. My colleague [Mr. How-
ard] was taken suddenly ill, and was delirious
yesterday all day, and is very sick, indeed, this
morning. He desires to be here. He told me
that he would be here, even if it imperiled his
life ; but both his physicians protested against
his coming, and said it would imperil his life.
With that statement I desire to move that the
Senate, sitting as a court, adjourn until Satur-
day at twelve o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let my order be passed
first.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the order .of the
Senator from Vermont be acted upon, and after
it is agreed to I desire to make the motion I
have indicated.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the order offered by the Senator from Vermont.
The order was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now make the motion
that the Senate, sitting as a court, adjourn until
Saturday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend by
saying " to-morrow at twelve o'clock."
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no probability,
his physicians inform me, that my colleague
will be able to be out to-morrow. He had a
very high fever and was delirious all day yes-
terday and last night. I think Saturday the
earliest time possible, although he says he will
be here to-day if the Senate insist on taking
the vote ; but it certainly will be at the peril
of his life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
rescinding the order as to taking the vote and
the postponement until Saturday will leave the
order with reference to filing opinions to go
over, and whether the time there fixed will
apply to the final vote or whether it will apply
from to-day?
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. DRAKE. The
final vote.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
understands that that order applies to the final
vote.
Mr. CONNESS. And two days thereafter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Senator
from Indiana move his amendment?.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. I change my
motion to say "on Thursday, at twelve o' clock.''
To postpone it until Saturday is a matter of
great personal inconvenience to me and pos-
sibly other Senators. If we can possibly get a
vote as early as Thursday it will be a great
convenience. If the Senator from Michigan
is not well enough to be here on Thursday of
course there will be no objection to a further
postponement.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would Friday suit?
Several Senators. No, no.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Indiana moves to substitute Thursday for Sat-
urday.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TIPTON. I move now to amend by
saying Friday.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Nebraska moves to amend by substituting
Friday for Saturday.
The amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan, to adjourn until Saturday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest that we make
some order informing the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. CONNESS, and others. That can be
done afterward.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then the question ought
to be put in this form, that when we adjourn
to-day we adjourn to meet at that time instead
of being an absolute adjournment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Senator
from Michigan accept that modification, that
when the Senate, sitting as a court, adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Saturday at
twelve o'clock?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. Then the question
is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Secre-
tary be directed to inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Senate will proceed fur-
ther upon this trial on Saturday at twelve
o'clock. [After a pause.] On reflection and
consultation with the Chief Justice, I think it
better to withdraw the motion I made, inas-
much as the illness of Mr. Howard is so un-
certain ; we can notify the House at that time
if it shall be necessary that they attend.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate, sitting upon the trial of the im-
peachment, do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate, sitting
as a court of impeachment, stands adjourned
until Saturday at twelve o'clock.
Saturday, May 16, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair at twelve o'clock m.
The usual proclamation was made by' the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Messrs. Managers Bingham, Boutwell,
Wilson, Butler, Logan, Willtams, and
Stevens appeared at the Manager's table.
Messrs. Stanbery, Nelson, Evarts,and Groes-
beck, of counsel for the respondent, appeared
in their seats.
The Secretary read the Journal of last Tues-
day's proceedings of the Senate, sitting for the
trial of the impeachment.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. Mr. President, I offer the
