w
THE COtfGRESSICJRAL (?LOBS.
December 5,
fj
my district and the statute laws of my State to
assert my claim to a seat in this House, make
me (eel somewhat unpleasant. He reflects on
me because I make this contest. I have no
controversy with him of a personal or polit-
ical character. The contest which I have with
him is entirely legal, and grows solely out of
the fact that he comes here preferring a claim
without any plausible pretense even of justice
or of law—a claim which, if recognized by this
House, would entirely preclude me from the
exercise of my rights under a legal election to
a seat in this body, and strike the sovereign
right of representation from one of the proud-
est districts in Kentucky. 1
Mr. Speaker, my friend, in some of his
remarks, seemed rather by insinuation to
reflect upon my loyalty. I shall not under-
take to enter into a diatribe upon the subject
of his loyalty, or my loyalty, or anjbody else's
loyalty. No such question is involved in this
controversy. At another time, and upon'aft-
other theater, and under different circum-
stances, the discussion of such a question '
might be proper; but it would not be proper 1
here and now. My remarks shall be confined
entirely to my friend's charges against the loy-
alty of Hon. Elijah Hise, now deceased, which
he presses in a style and manner as unbecom-
ing as unjust, in my estimation.
He charges in direct and positive terms dis-
loyalty and treason against Elijah Hise. Has i
he furnished before the committee or to this 1
House one single solitary letter, one single
deposition, one particle of proof to convict i
Mr. Hise of disloyalty or treason? And, Mr.
Speaker, I was surprised to hear him use lan- '
guage of this purport, and it is the very lan-
uagehensed: ''That Elijah Hise said the
nion of these States ought to be dissolved."
Where and before what community of states-
men or of men, before what tribunal on earth
did such a sentiment as this fall from the lips
of Elijah Hise? You cannot find it in any
speech made by him upon the stump in the
State of Kentucky or elsewhere. He never
uttered such sentiments as my friend has
attributed to him. I do not intend on this
occasion to indulge in any eulogy of Elijah
Hise. He needs no eulogy at my hands. Ken- 1
tucky needs no defense for such a man here
or elsewhere. His name and fame has passed
to history and is a part and parcel of the
history of the United States, and to that record
I proudly refer, as his successor, as the best
answer to such charges as have been made
against him on this floor by my friend—charges !!
that, unsupported as they are, must fall to the !!
ground and pale before the splendor of his !
reputation asa patriot, a statesman, and jurist,
who loved his whole country, and in that love
prided himself upon his adherence to the Con-
stitution and the laws made under it.
Now, sir, I notice that some months ago
Elijah Hise made a speech Upon this floor, from
which I will make an extract:
"Mr. Dkiggs. Doesthc gentleman hold that they
were States three years ago ?
"Mr. Hise. Yes, sir; I do. I hold that 'once a
State always a State.' And here I do not mean to be
misunderstood. I have always and under all circum-
stances been opposed to any attempt upon the part
of any portion ot the States to sever their connection
with the other States. I have always insisted that
such an attempt was wrong in theory and most inexpe-
dient and injudicious in practice. Instead of ever fa-
voring the SLverance of the States I have been, from
the very earliest period of my political existence,
eversince I had any knowledge of the character and
framework of our institutions and Government, op-
posed to any severance of the States. I have looked
forward hopefully to the period when this Govern-
ment, qualified and limited, should be extended over
the whole continentof North America, iromtheGulf
of Mexico to the Arctic ocean, from the Arlantic to
the Pacific; when the whole continent,divided into
States, would be membersof our Confederacy and all
united together."
Is that the language of treason? Is that the
language of disloyalty? If so I beg you in
God's name to reject me ir^your votes as being
a traitor too.
Again i n another speech he spoke as follows:
" Mr. Hise. No, sir. I am against dividing the
Lmon under any'circumstances. Where the forms
ol the Government arc preserved; where the frame-
work and lystem of the Government remain s; where
the functionaries of the Government continue to bo
selected in the manner prescribed in the Constitu-
tion, I am not for violently breaking off and resort-
ing to disunion or secession and rebellion. No. sir.
I would endure error, I would endure corruption, I
would endure usurpation, in the hope that as long as
freedom of the press raid of discussion remain, with
speech and reason still left free to combat error, a
remedy for all these evils might be found by change
of rulers, effected peaceably and without revolution
under the Constitution itself and according to the
means of relief it might furnish."
These are Mr. Hise's sentiments. Do they
furnish any proof of his disloyalty ? And yet
that is the kind of argument most relied upon
by my friend to induce you to give him a seat
on this floor, and to reject me.
But, sir, I have been led into making a
speech which I had not intended to do. I did
not believe my friend was really serious. I
do not propose to rehearse the arguments
of the able Committee of Elections in their
report. I am perfectly willing to abide by
that report without, reference to anything I
may say. But I will say, however, that here-
after I may, when I get my seat, find it neces-
sary further to speak of Mr. Hise. Until
then I shall not trespass further upon the
courtesy of the House, but leave it to them to
determine this case as they think right and
just.
Mr. DAWES. I now call for the previdtts
question.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to submit a substitute for the reso-
lution of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Recommit to the Committee of Elections with
instructions to inquire, first, into the fact whether
the opposing candidate, Elijah Hise at the time of
said election was by reason of disloyalty, disquali-
fied to hold SHch office and so known to bo by the
•ffersons who voted for him.
Second, into the fact whether J. L. Golladay, who
claims said office at the time of the election for
which he claims his seat, was by reason of disloy-
alty disqualified to hold such office, and bo known '
to be by the persons who voted for him. J
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield. j
Mr. COBURN. Then I hope the previous
question will not be sustained. j
Mr. DAWES. I will state why I do not
yield. It is not thstt I desire to exclude for a
moment any investigation into the loyalty of
the claimant, Golladay, and the gentleman, 1
when ho hears the second resolution read, will j
see at once that he can arrive at that part of his '
instructions without recommitting this report. I
As regards so much of the instructions as re- 1
quire the committee to examine into the loyalty ;
or disloyalty of Mr. Hise I am not willing to
have the resolutions recommitted to the com- '
mittee to inquire into that until I make a state-
ment to the House.
In my opinion it cannot help the case of this
claimant Blakey if he should show Mr. Hise to
be a traitor for this reason ; it does not follow,
in my opinion, that the claimant Blakey is
elected to the House of Representatives be-
cause his opponent, who received a majority
of the votes, was ineligible to this House. That
is a proposition that never has been sanctioned
in an American legislative body. It never was
sanctioned, so far as I know, in the world but
once, and then by the British House of Par-
liament in a single instance; but they were
convinced within two years that they had made
a mistake, and by a solemn resolution they
reversed their decision. To say that because
a person happens to be ineligible to office all
the men who voted for him are to be disfran- 1
chised, and those only who voted for the eligi-
ble candidate are to have a voice in the elec-
tion, is a proposition that I do not desire to
have this House sanction by a vote until they j
understand the facts in the case. i
Within my own short period of service in
this House a gentleman appeared here receiv-
ing a majority of the votes of his district be-
fore he was twenty-five years of age. By the
Constitution of the United States he was ineli-
gible to the office. He sat in his seat silent '
and without the administration of the oath of
office until he arrived at the age of twenty-five
years. Although the parties happened to be
so divided in this House in exciting party times
that there was a tie between them time and
again on the vote, yet it never occurred to the
man who received the vote being eligible to
the office that under the administration of
affaire in Congress he could claim that seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman al-
low me a single question?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Supposing an elector
knowingly and intentionally casts his vote for
one who is disqualified, does it in a defiant
spirit, is it not the same as though he had cast
a blank in the ballot-box?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, when the law
of the land declares that when any elector
shall have cast his vote in a captious and rebel-
lious spirit for a man he knows to be ineligible
to office he thereby becomes disfranchised,
then will follow what my friend from Tennessee
says, and not till then. A man is not to be
disfranchised as an elector because he votes in
what in my opinion is a captious or a rebel-
lious spirit. He has a right to vote according
to the dictates of his own judgment, not mine.
If he is an elector according to the law of the
land which creates and defines his qualifica-
tions as such it is not for me to say that liis
vote shall have no force or effect because he
voted in a way which to my mind is factious
and rebellious.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman if
we are not made under the Constitution the
exclusive judges of the character of the elec-
tion and we are not to decide for ourselves
whether an elector throws away his vote know-
ingly and intentionally, and if he does it it is
certainly not to be counted.
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly by the Con-
stitution of the United States we are made the
sole judges of elections of members of Con-
gress, and there is no appeal from our decision.
That makes it incumbent upon us to decide
whether an elector is qualified, not according
to what we think ought to be his qualifications,
but according to what we think is the law under
which he votes. It is not within our constitu-
tional power, although there is no appeal from
us, to prescribe what ought to be the qualifi-
cations of a voter in Massachusetts. It is not
for us to say that because the voters in that
State are limited and defined by a qualification
which does not meet our judgment, therefore
we can prescribe a new qualification and limit
the franchise according to a distinction that
we will make after the election is over.
Mr. MAYNARD. I perceive that I do not
make myself understood by the gentleman.
The question is not one as to the qualification
of the voter, but whether, in point of fact, the
elector has cast a vote. Suppose the vote was
cast, for example, for a woman, whose sex
notoriously disqualifies her; suppose, as was
suggested by the claimant, Mr. Blakey, it was
cast for some fictitious person not known to
exist, and so known by the elector; is it not to
be taken, and must we not take it, as an inten-
tional and designed throwing away of the vote?
The question is not whether the elector is qual-
ified, but whether in point of law he has voted
at all, having thrown his vote in a direction
where he knew and intended it should not be
made available. That is the point.
Mr. DAWES. That is quite another point
from the one just raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and it has no application to the
case before the House. It is hardly worth
while for me to consume the time of this House
and trespass upon its patience by undertaking
to discuss with my learned and distinguished
friend from Tennessee abstract questions
which have no application to the case before
the House. The question before the House is
as to the instructions proposed to be given to
the committee. If the House thinks there is
any ground to suspect that Golladay is a trai-
tor, I raise no objection, nor does the commit-
tee, to the full examination of his case. But
the other part of the instructions contemplates
an inquiry whether Mr. Hise, because of dis-
