2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May *14,
be the occasion of their removal. One of the
worst, if not the very worst, feature in the pres-
ent condition of the service is that good and
laitmul officers areunwiliing to testify as to what
they know of the a irregularities5' (to use the
fashionably mild term) of their associates. For
there are many good and faithful servants who
do the work of these unfaithful politicians.
f11 ^aracter, families, of long service,
"who have been unwilling to have their names
go upon the record as witnesses to the faults
of their ^associates, lest they should be imme-
diately dismissed by their superiors, or lest their
places should be made so uncomfortable by
their "irregular* ^associates, that they would be
compelled to resign. Nothing has impressed
me more with the rottenness and corruption of
our present want of system than the tears of
these old and faithful servants, who begged
that they might not be placed upon the record
as witnesses to the faithlessness of their asso-
ciates, and that it might not even be known
that they had been called to be witnesses.
Nothing but the assurance of secrecy and the
protection given by law to persons giving such
testimony, could procure us evidence of how
the people were being plundered instead of
being served.
The testimony with regard to the inefficiency
of the internal revenue service comes from so
4many other sources that it is not necessary to
state the substance of the evidence taken by
this committee. The report collates it into a
clear result.
NO ENCOURAGEMENT FOR FIDELITY.
Under the present practice all of these inferior
officers, many thousands in number, are ap-
pointed by some superior officer, and their
tenure of office, as well as their appointment,
depends entirely on his will and pleasure.
With few exceptions all these officers are well
paid for the services they render, but with rare
exceptions they do not render the services
of which they are capable. One report says
of these politicians who are quartered upon
our customs that they consider the custom-
houses as "eleemosynary institutions where
the faithful can be at rest." Another speaks
of a clerk in one of the Departments, (ap-
pointed upon the urgent solicitation of a mem-
ber of Congress,) who was reminded from day
to day that his work was not an equivalent for
his salary. "Work," said he; **J[ worked to
get here; you surely do not expect me to work
any longer." All speak of the inefficiency of
persons so nominated. And all of this vast j
army of persons in the civil service, more than
twenty thousand, excluding postmasters, live
and perform the semblance of working, under
that .anomaly, that great solecism in our repub- :
lican institutions, that curse upon him that, gives
and him that partakes, partisan patronage. It !
works not only a blight upon those who become i
bound by its toils, but it repels the ingenuous >
youth, who would, if thefieldwere open, gladly
compete for places in the public service. A
person who gains aplace under this practice has
no inducement to excel in the performance of
his duties. His place may be taken to-morrow
tor some more powerfully-backed competitor; j
nay, his very excellence may be a reason why !
his less industrious companions should urge his i
removal. But all, the excellent—and there are j
many of them—the incompetent, the lazy, the !
vicious, the unworthy—for such are to be found j
m the service—all work or pretend to work ;>
under the blighting influence of favor and pat- :!
ronage. _ To those who in arms serve the Repub- I
he a glorious career and great rewards are open: ,'
they serve in the eyes of their superiors and of |!
the nation, and when success crowns their skill !j
and daring, some ray of glory falls upon their !i
Swords and some reward or the sure promise il
of it makes lightsome their arduous services, ij
lheir exploits arc the theme of the orator's
eloquence, and their names the people delight <1
to honor. But to the poor drudge in the civil s
service there never comes one ray of hope ; !i
glory and honor are never named to him ; fame ;
anil fortune do not lure him to his daily toil: 1
and he is not even sure of the daily toil which "
will brine to hitn and his family daily bread.
He is but a hanger-on upon fortune and favor;
no career is opentohim ; noincentivetonoble
or even -faithful action. He may at any mo-
ment be disgraced without canse, and with the
highest merit be turned adrift to starve. No
service that he can perform is distinguished by
public notice; no report ever gives his name
to be honored by his countrymen ; his lifetime
is a dreary routine of drudgery; his career un-
known to fame, his death unnoticed. How,
then, can we expect virtue and fidelity among
our civil servants? We may well apply the
indignant query of the lloman satirist:
Quis enim virtutem arnplectiiur ipsam,
Praemia si tollis ?
What hope of faithful service if it is to be
without honor or reward ?
It is not to be denied that this disease has
penetrated every part of our political system.
Unless it is thoroughly eradicated it must end
in political death. This Government cannot be
carried on so long as those who receive the
people's money are studying how little they can
render for what they receive, instead of giving
the most they are capable of to the people's
service. And it is doubtful whether this Gov-
ernment can endure many changes of admin-
istration when fifty thousand persons, more
than the entire personnel of the Army and
Navy, arc liable to be dismissed fromthepublic
service for mere opinion's sake. Such shocks
are like the repeated explosions of ordnance,
which must, sooner or later, end in the disrup-
tion of the firmest metal.
NECESSITY FOR MAKING THR CIVIL SERVICE ItllSPECT-
ABLE.
Every law requiring service originates in
some necessity of the Government, and it must
be so framed as to provide sufficient motive
power for its execution. No such energizing
element is infused into any of our statutes gov-
erning the civil service. Not even the quality
of respectability is bestowed upon our civil ser-
vants. A certain degree of suspicion, of dis-
trust, of depreciation, even though it be born
of prejudice, is suffered to remain over all of
them,^ There is not sufficient requirement of
discipline, or encouragement of emulation, to
create an esprit de corps, in any department
of this service. Indeed, it would seein that by
a system of studied depreciation of each other,
the officers of each branch and grade of the civil
service were striving to cultivate their own dis-
honor. They congregate or separate accord-
ing to their partisan affinities, and cultivate no
patriotic feeling in common as servants of the
.Republic. Social standing and consideration
by reason of such employment is not thought
of by any one of them. The Administration
is always saying, in^effect, to each of its civil
servanis, "\nnr skill, your experience, your
long and faithful service are as nothing, to us ;
we can discharge you to-morrow, and at once
find a hundred others who will answer our pur-
poses as well." Each one thussuffers a stand-
ing discredit. His place is due to accident, and
gives him no title to respect. It implies, rather,
a damaged reputation and a character that can
be tampered with. A tide-waiter can be nothing
more, nor is he sure of even being that, although
he proves to be the most faithful and capable
of tide-waiters. ]. f he does not bury his talent
himself, it is buried for him, and his possible
skill in making usance by it can avail hitn noth-
ing. No grades, no promotions, no hopes, no
honors, no rewards, are open to the most fai thful,
diligent and honest officer, and while the incen-
tive to excellence in service which these might
give is wholly lost, his office itself gives him
110 character or social position. But if by merit j
and fidelity the tide-waiter can win the higher I
places in the customs, hisplace, himself, and the 1
service itself, acquire respectability. The cadet
of either of the warlike services has a prestige
in this regard over even the higher grades of
the civil service. All doors may be open to liim.
for his uniform is evidence of his education,
character, and of an opening career. Although
the lowe,'^subaltern, lie may become a general
or an admiral. A lieutenant or en fusion has
a standing in society, by virtue of his being in
the service of the Government, but there is no
element of respectability in the service of a
clerk, inspector, or special agent, which would
entitle him to be recognized, even by a member
of Congress, i cannot believe that the reason
of this is that the civil service is in itself less
worthy of respect than the military, but is it not
because the elementof honor, which is inherent
in the one, has not hitherto been added to the
other ? All serve alike under the flag, and while
the glory cannot be equal, no discredit should
be cast on either class of public servants by
reason of their service.
We propose to lay to the root of this great
corruption not only the ax but the spade, and
to leave neither seed nor succulent root of these
vicious practices. As a general rule it may be
stated that very few candidates for the public
service have presented themselves who have
succeeded in other business. Not that this
rule is universal, or, if universal, that it has
not provided the Government with many good
officers; but every one knows that men who
prosper in the active business pursuits of life
are seldom candidates for Government offices.
If any young man in a family of influential
political connections has not shown sufficient
talent to justify the belief that he can earn a
living in business, or in any of the learned pro-
fessions, or if any one who has not succeeded
in the career which he may have chosen, hap-
pens to have political friends, we are quite sure
to find his name mentioned as being a suitable
person to fill some Government office. The
appointing power has too often yielded to such
solicitations. Men of this negative reputation
for talent, whose indolence, indecision, and
want of character, or whom even positive vice,
have disqualified for success in the open com-
petition of life, seek and obtain shelter under
Governmental patronage.
BETTEB BECKUITS TO BE OBTAINED FOE TEE SERVICE.
While giving credit to the ability, the integ-
rity, and the patriotism of many whom we find
in the public service, how can we prevent the
ingress of the ignorant, the incompetent, the
indolent, the corrupt, the vicious, and the posi-
tively criminal? How can we dislodge those
of these classes who have already secured
places in the service? They seem to feel them-
selves safely intrenched, so as to defy attack.
The pressure of the investigations authorized
by this bill will dislodge many, but the certainty
of the remedy is in its future application. The
new system will not admit of recruits to the
public service from any of those classes of per-
sons. The service is to be supplied from the
educated, earnest, patriotic, and ingenuous
youths among the American people. We pro-
pose to cleanse the stalls of political corrup-
tion, as the stable of the Grecian king was said
to have been cleansed of old. The pure, fresh
stream of a river turned from its course washed
away the unclean accumulations of a genera-
tion; and we now propose to turn into our
Aegean stable the vigorous, uncorrupted life
of the youtJi of America, and, when the cor-
ruptions are swept away, to open to it a career
in which the patriotic_ heart can take pride.
e cannot expect this proposed change of
system to become at once a perfect success.
Many will become stained in contact with ihe
existing corruptions and fall dishonored and
disgraced; many more will become appalled
and disheartened at the task they have under-
taken, but their places will be filled with better
and braver men, whose final triumph will be
assured and certain. Many who listen to me
have seen our brave youths by hundreds fall
in their assaults upon the fortresses wiihin
which the enemies of the Republic have stood
intrenched. And so in the renovation of' the
public service many will go down and perif>h
morally in the attempts to overcome by #?.
sault, the Vicksburgs, the Port Hudsous. the
rort Fishers of our customs and revenue
departments, where the thieves and their asso-
ciates now sit intrenched and feel secure.
But diis stream of vigorous, honest n.ati-
hood will soon cleanse and reinvigorato the
