1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
2469
service of the Republic. The intelligent and
patriotic youth who have aspired to serve their
country have never yet had a fair chance. The
class of men who seek these offices, and the
mode by which they attain them, is well known
to us. And one of the great vices of the pres-
ent practice is that few besides persons of such
exceptional description can hope to gain these
appointments. There must be some political
associations, some service rendered by the ap-
plicant or his friends to the party of the Admin-
istration, and perhaps some personal and social
relations combined with the political to enable
the appficant to obtain even a hearing. Every
one of'us knows the characteristics of these men-
dicants for office, it is not necessary to picture
them by description. It is enough to know
that it is not with such persons that the busi-
ness of the world is to be accomplished. Never
have the young men of the country or the faith-
ful arid deserving soldiers had an opportunity
to have their merits for the public service con-
sidered. - What chance has the intelligent son
of a mechanic who has shown signs of prom-
ise at the free schools, or of a farmer in Illi-
nois or Kentucky, who has gained a knowledge
of business in the intervals of toil, to get into
the public service? None whatever, unless he
consents to learn and perform all a politician's
tricks, or to seek the aid of those accomplished
in such arts. He must in some degree lose or
seera to disregard a character for integrity,
straightforwardness, and manly, upright con-
duct before lie can be acknowledged as a suit-
able candidate for office. All the qualities that
would make a good officer he must in some
way have seemed to have lost. Perhaps not an
inapt training for the melancholy service they
enter upon, but it is not one that is sure to
produce good public servants.
It is proposed to change all this. The en-
trance to the public service is to be thrown open
to all. The intelligent son of the mechanic,
the hopeful child of the family of the farmer,
the young soldier, the youth of talent from
any sphere of life, and from every part of the
country, may boldly and freely enter the pres-
ence of the examining officers and require
them to test his fitness for the Government ser-
vice. Personal, social, or political influence,
patronage in all its corrupting forms, can no
longer introduce their favorites and push back
the poor and worthy, unknown and unbe-
friended, at the doorways. Qualification and
merit, equal and exact justice to all, are what
we are to seek and to do. Pahnam qui meruit
ferat should be, and I hope I may be able to
say shall be, the motto of our service. Let
every smart boy in the country know that he
has a fair chance for employment under the
Government and we shall soon have a different
class of servants from those into whose hands
the public business has now fallen. Under
the proposed system the interest of the Gov-
ernment will be identical with that of its ser-
vants; its protection and assurance of etm
ployment will cause its service to be one of
pleasure and notofpain and anxiety; its honors
and rewards will make it a service of love and
not of unappreciated toil. Pie will hold an
assured position under the Government, which
his superior must recognize with the same
respect that he yields to the experience and
ability by which they hold their higher places.
rsorosED keform destroys ecbeacocracy and
PATRONAGE.
It has been most strangely objected to this
salutary reform that it is in its tendency
bureaucratic, exclusive, aristocratic, and that
the system was formed under monarchic institu-
tions. Nothing could be said more calumnious.
It is our present system that is borrowed from
that of monarchies, and gives us the will and
choice of the person having the appointing
power, and not merit, as the passport to office,
as under monarchies the king is the fountain
of honor and the giver of employment. No
measure could be more republican than that
which we now present. The gates of the
avenues to the public service are thrown open j
to all. Merit only can enter, and merit only 1
can keep its place. No head of a bureau or
even of a Department can protect his favorites
or keep his friends or partisans in comfortable
sinecures; no collector of the customs can play
the autocrat in his little demesne. The whole
service will be alive to its responsibilities, it
will be part of the duty of an officer to see that
every other performs his. No customary dere-
lictions will be permitted to demoralize the
service, and no local peculiarities to interfere
with the unity of performance of duty.
In monarchical Governments, with hereditary
aristocracies, where allegiance is due to the
crown, and the great houses are the bulwarks
of the throne, patronage, through which alone
the children of the people can enter the public
service, is a natural if not a necessary element
of administration. In the theory of those Gov-
ernments everything depends from the throne,
descending through every social and political
relation, until the chain ends before the people
are reached. No one can ascend within the
charmed circle except through the influence or
patronage of some one of the privileged classes,
and the gratitude of those who receive these
favors, and the hopes of those who expect
them, tend to strengthen the Governmentamid
all changes of administration. Those v.ho
have attained official position feel secure, while
those who seek it continue to cultivate the
favor of the reigning favorites and governing
families. But here, where the Government is
of the people and for the people, and the ad-
ministration should always endeavor to carry
into effect their will, as expressed at the polls
and through the laws, iu the best and most
effectual manner, this system of patronage is
not a mere solecism, but a positive evil. It
reverses the whole theory of popular govern-
ment. That Government should be adminis-
tered for the benefit of the whole, with the best
instruments, at the least expense, without re-
gard to the interests of any classes or class, or
of persons or partisans. Yet we see at every
change of administration over fifty thousand
persons removed from office to make way for
others of a different partisan creed, every one
of whom will owe his appointment to some-
thing other than personal merit. And again
all these are liable to be removed, and a similar
class of successors appointed at the next change
of party. If patriotism ever prompted the
desire for office such a system would tend to
eradicate that sentiment. It tends to weaken
all the obligations of society for the purpose
of strengthening a mere party: it elevates pri-
vate interests above the welfare of the State :
it tends to disintegrate the political fabric: and
at last, as we have felt in our hitter experience,
it destroys allegiance itself. That element
which invigorates a monarchy corrupts the life
of a republic.
THE XEW DEPARTMENT TO 1310 MADE FIRM AND .vrABLtl
BY HAVING Till! VICE PRESIIX'Xr AS CHIEP.
But I hear the question that arises in the
minds of all that listen to me: how can the
result you promise be accomplished with such
machinery as Congress can create ? How can a
mere board of commissioners, a bureau, stand
at the door of all the Departments and say who
are sufficiently qualified to enter into the pub-
lic seitice therein ? How can a combination
of the appointing officers be prevented which
would crush such a subordinate, though inde-
pendent, bureau ? What is to prevent your
statute from becoming as dead a letter as the
provisions of the act of 18-53 requiring the
examination of all candidates for clerkships?
The objection is a grave one, and has de-
served and received serious deliberation. It
has been met by the proposition contained in
the bill as reported, to create a new and inde-
pendent administrative department which shall
have charge of the business of selecting the can-
didates for these offices, whose head shall be the
Vice President of the United States. So grave,
so important, and yet so delicate are the duties
of those charged with this selection, that it
has been deemed best to place them under the
protection and sanction of this great office.
No Department can feel humiliated at receiv-
ing its novitiates with certificates from the
ordeal of a trial department of which their
superior is the chief. And it is time, and we
believe that this is the occasion for causing this
officer to perform some useful functions in this
Government. The presidency of the Senate,
as the sole duty of this officer, is rather by way
of diversion and ornament than of usefulness;
and no man's self-respect is heightened by feel-
ing that his only importance in the Government
is, that while he holds the second office in. the
Republic, his single title to respect is in the
fact that by fatal accident to the first officer he
will accede to the first place A distinguished
citizen, tlie grandson of a Vice President and
President, and the son of a President, and him-
self once, and perhaps hereafter again a candi-
date for the office of Vice President, has writ-
ten that no office could be so easily lopped off
and dispensed with in our Government as that
of the Vice Presidency. Madison called it an
"unprofitable dignity;" and Jefferson, when
he accepted the place, did not attempt to dis-
guise his contempt for its insignificance in
every respect except that of being the stepping-
stone to the first place in the Republic.
Once when President Washington started
upon his tour through the southern States in
1791, he requested the Vice President to attend
and to preside at the Cabinet meetings that
might be held in his absence, and this wag the
first and has been the last recognition of the
Vice President as a possible adviser of the
President, or of having any right to take part
in the Administration. Although elected upon
the same tickctas the President, and thus com-
mitted to the policy of the presidential admin-
istration, and in case of the succession, pre-
sumed to intend to carry it out, he has been
excluded hitherto from all voice in shaping that
policy, and except iu the instance cited has
never been admitted to the council board.
We have had sufficiently severe lessons of the
impolicy and "injustice of this course; and
although this bill does not give him the right
to a seat in the Cabinet, yet it adds weight to
the reasons why he should be invited to become
a member of that council. It will also have
another important etfeet. It imposes upon the
incumbent of that office some of the gravest
and most delicate duties in the administration
of this Government. The people, and their
representatives in the nominating conventions,
will be careful to whom they oifer the chance
of election to this high office. They will not
throw it away, as at many times hitherto, to
a mere chief of a faction, whose disaffection
the party may desire' to conciliate; nor to a
neophyte, nor to a renegade, nor to an apostate,
whose nomination may divide the adversary.
But they will find it to their interest to nom-
inate a person qualified not only to administer
the mild rules of the Senate, but also to preside
in trials for impeachment, and have the learn-
ingand experience in administration which will
qualify him to be the chief of the department
of the civil service, and not only to select the
best candidates for that service, but also to
try with justice and impartiality all the cases
that may arise whereby any of these subordin-
ates may lose their places. Not the least of
the advantages of the proposed measure is
that the people may obtain candidates for the
Vice Presidency of a higher grade of talent
and character than many that they have been
compelled to vote for or against heretofore.
KCON'O.UXC CONS1DKHAHOXS TOK THIS KEFOHM.
But the economic considerations for this
measure are the main grounds upon which it
is urged by the Committee of Retrenchment.
What has been said is but the repetition of
axioms. All will agree that good servants in
office are more desirable than poor ones ; that
the good are more likely to be obtained by
care in the selection : that a wise choice and
judicious approval will secure the fit and
reject the unfit; that such means of choice
with beneficial results are attainable; and that
a system thus constructed and operated is bet-
ter than the no system which wo now have.
But, every one will ask, how about the cost of
