4518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
September 21,
tho part of the Senatcto join such committee as may
be appointed on the part of the House of Represent-
atives to wait upon tho President of the. United
States and inform him that unless he muy have some
further communication to make to Conerress tho two
Houses will close the present session, in pursuance
of their resolution of 24th instant, at twelve o'clock
meridian to-day, by a recess until the tiiira Monday
in September next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Henderson and Mr. Whyte the commit-
t.w on the part of the Senate.
A message subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPhersox,
its Clerk, announced that the House had agreed
to the resolution to wait on the President of
the United States and inform him that both
.Houses were ready to adjourn, in accordance
with their resolution of the J24th instant, and
had appointed Mr. E. B. Washruhxe, of Illi-
nois, and Mr. Charles A. Eldridge, of Wis-
consin, the committee on its part.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his
Secretary, announced that the President had
1 his day approved and signed the bill (S. No.
019) to extend the laws of the United States
relating to customs, commerce, and navigation
over the territory ceded to the United States
by Russia, to establish a collection di&trict
therein, and for other purposes.
executive session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
executive business ; and after some time spent
therein the doors were reopened.
CLOSK OF THE SESSION.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the committee
appointed to wait upon the President and in-
form him that Congress was ready to adjourn
at twelve o'clock to-day in accordance with the
terms of their resolution of the 24th instant,
unless he had some further communication to
make, reported that the committee had per
formed the duty assigned them, and the Pres-
ident replied that he had no further communi-
cation to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced
that the hour of twelve o'clock, fixed by the
resolution of the two Houses for closing tho
present session of Congress by a recess, had
anived, and declared the Senate, in pursuance
of the said resolution, adjourned until the third
Monday in September next at twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, September *21, 1808.
The Senate assembled in the Senate Cluunber,
in the city of Washington, at twelve o'clock
noon, in pursuance of the provisions of the
following concurrent resolution of the of
July last:
"Resolved, That tho President of the Senato and
tho Speaker of tbe House of Representatives. 011
Monday, tho 27th day of July, at twelve o'clock
moridiiui, adjourn their respective Huuses until tho
third Monday Of September, and on that, day, unless
it be tiien otherwise ordered by the two House.-', they
further adjourn their respective Houses until the farst
Monday in December, 1SG8.''
Rev. E. H. Gray, D. IX, offered the follow-
ing prayer:
0 Th ou ever blessed God. Maker, Preserver,
and Redeemer, we thank Thee that Thou
art ever about our path to protect and pre-
serve us. Help us to realize that every good
and perfect gift coiuetli down from the .Father
(if lights, with whom there is no variableness,
neither shadow of turning ; and help us to
respond to Thy goodness and mercy which we
receive day by day from Thy hand. We thank
Thee that Thou liast protected the life and
noalth of Thy servants, the Senators, during
this recess; and now that they are convened
again in this high council of the nation, 0 j
Lord, we ask that wisdom which is profitable
to direct and that grace which is needful to
support may be granted unto them ; and that
whatever course they puisue in this emergency
may be such as to meet the Divine appioval
and sanation of the v/hole nation. We pray
that Thou wilt also sanctify to us the dispen-
sations of Thy providence by death during
this recess in the other House. Let not the
interests of the nation be periled or jeopard-
ized when great and good men fall. 0 Lord,
we pray that while the workmen die, the work
may go foiward. Let Thy blessing especially
rest upon the President of the United States ;
endue him with wisdom, and guide him in
the faithful discharge of the high trusts com-
mitted to his care. Bless also his constitu-
tional advisers, the members of the Cabinet;
may they prove to be wise and safe counselors.
Bless, we pray Thee, the officers and soldiers of
the Army and of the Navy; make them brave
and faithful. And bless all the interests of
this great people, and let peace and prosperity
and quiet and order prevail through all of our
borders; and we pray that Thou wilt prepare
the minds of the people for tho great coming
contest at the ballot-box. 0 Lord, grant that
the nation may be wise to choose its ruler, and
wo ask that Thy blessing may rest upon all the
efforts made to advance the interests and pro-
mote the prosperity and welfare of the whole
nation ; and in this contest we ask that the
great principles of right and justice and right-
eousness and loyally may triumph, and let all
the people say amen. All of which we ask
through the name of Jesus Christ, our Re-
deemer and Saviour and Jluler. Amen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore (Hon. B. F.
Wade) took the chair and said: The Senate
will please come to order; and the Journal
will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
Journal of the proceedings of the Senate on
Monday, July '27, 18G8.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection that order will bo made. The
Chair hears no objection, and the reading of
the Journal will be dispensed with.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I beg to
ofler a concurrent resolution, which I send to
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho res-
olution will be read.
Tbe Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Jlrsohn-d bv thr Scnaip, (the. IIouso of Representa-
tives concurring,) That tho President oi tho Senato
and Speaker of the Houso of Repiesentatives do
adjourn their rcspcctive Houses until twelve o'clock
noon of the lOfh day of October, 1888; and that they
then, unless otherwise ordered by iho two Houses,
further adjourn their respeetive Houses until tho
10th d:iy ot November, at twelve o'ctoek noon ; and
that they then, unless otherwise ordered, further
adjourn their respective Houses to the first Monday
ot December, 18G8, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken
upon that resolution, I would move a call of
Iho Senate, so that it may appear on the
Journal that a legal quorum is present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
of the Senate will be called if there be no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair ascertains that
there is a quorum before he calls the Senate
to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better be ascer-
tained officially.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
of the Senate will be called.
The Chief Clerk called the roll, and the fol-
lowing Senators answered to their names :
Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew. Cameron,
Catteli, Chandler, Coimess, Corbet t, Oragm, Ed-
munds, jb'owler, Frelingliuyscn, Iiarlan, Harris,
Ilowe, Kellojrg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill ot
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Ross, Sawver, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
Warner, Wiliey, and Wilson.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thirty-four
Senators having answered to their names, a
quorum is present.
[Mr. Yates and Mr. McCbeery subsequently
appeared.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I desire
to state that, my eolleagua [Mr. SPRAort^j is
absent on aecountof severe illness, ftom which,
I am happy to state, he is now convalescent,
although when I last saw him he was not able
to leave hif> chamber.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
The question being put., the resolution was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I endeavored to address
the Chair before the vote was announced.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was not aware of it. The question will be put
over again. .
Mr. BUCKALEW. I simply desire to call
for the yeas and nays on the question of adopt-
ing the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was not aware that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania had addressed the Chair before the ques-
tion was put. The Chair will therefore put
the question again. On the adoption of the
resolution the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nay t; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
toll, Chandler, Conness, Corbett, Crncin, Edmunds,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Harris, Howe,
Kellogg, MoBona.ld, Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
lill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Robertson, Koss, Sawyer,
Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Warner, Wli-
loy. and Wilson—33.
NAY —Mr. Buckalew—1.
ABSENT—Messis.Bayaid, Cole, Conkling, Davis,
Dixon. Doolittle. Drake. Ferry. Fessenden, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, MeCreery, Norton,
Nye, Patterson ot Tennessee, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
, Saulsbury, Spcneer, Sprague, Stewart, Thaver, Tip-
i ton. Van Winkle, Vickers, Welch, Whyte, Williams,
j and Yates—32.
j So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move that the
Senate take a recess for half an hour.
The motion was agreed to ; and at the ex-
piration of half an hour the President pro tem-
pore took the chair and called the Senate to
order.
Mr. Edward McPhersox, Cleric of the
Houso of Representatives, appeared below the
bar and delivered the following message :
Mr. President, I am directed to inform tho
Senate that the House of Representatives have
passed the following resolution, in which the
concurrence of the Senate is requested :
llcsohed by the House, (the Senato concurring,)
That the President of tho Senato and the Speaker
of tho Houso of Representatives do adiourn their
respective Houses at twelve o'clock noon of the
16th day of October, 1868; and that they then, unle$3
othcrwiso ordered by the two Houses, further adjourn
their respective Houses until the 10th day ot'Novem-
ber, at twelve o'clock noon; and that they then,
unless otherwise ordered, further adjourn their re-
spect i ve Houses to the first Monday ol December, 1868,
at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I desire
to offer a resolution relating to business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read.
Mr? SUMNER. I would inquire if themes-
sage from the House is not the subject before
the Senato. I move a concurrence in the reso-
lution of the House, if that is in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest, sir, that my
resolution having been received by the Chair,
must be first considered. It may be read at
least.
_Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
being read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr,
Buckalew, as follows:
Henolved, That tho House of Representatives be
icquested to inform the Senate whether a quorum of
of th?s°i?ay.r8 °f'""" Present a? the 'utmg
Mr. BLCKALEW, Mr. President, I desire
to state that I have been in the House 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I obiect
M-, ^r,e)s1®®t,f^side,'ation of that resolution.
i he 1 .uLblDENT pro tempore. That car-
ries it «>ver under the rule.
