SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr: D'itA KE. I rise to a question of order,
that a .motion to adjourn is pending, and that
that motion takes precedeace of all other
things. -
; -Mr.. HENDRICKS. I. suggest, sir, as a
-modification Well known of that rule^thata
motion to adjourn cannot be made pending the
taking of a. vote. The vote is not completed
until it is announced. It is not in order pend-
ing the call of the roll, and that is not com-
pleted, until the result is announced.
The CHIEF JUSTICE.' The Chair stated
that if such was the desire of the Senate the
vote would be announced^ and no objection
was heard to that course.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the question of
order, I submit that a motipn to adjourn to
some other day is not a privileged motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice,that the vote be announced. That is in
order, certainly.
The CHIEF JU-STICB. If there be no
objection, the vote on the eleventh article will
be announced.
The Chief Clerk read the list of those
voting "G-uilty" and "Not guilty," respect-
ively, as follows:
GUILTY—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Battel!,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragm,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, BVelinghuysen, Harlan.
Howard, 11 owe. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
NOT GOlCxY—Messrs.Bayard, Buckalew, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessemlen, Fowler, Grimes. Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Vickcrs—19.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Upon this article
thirty-five Senators vote "Guilty," and nine-
teen Senators vote "Not guilty." Two thirds
not having pronounccd guilty, the President
is, therefore, acquitted upon this article.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President, I
renew the motion that the Senate adjourn until
Tuesday, the 26th instant.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. That is the pend-
ing motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask what is the
motion' ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion is that
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
adjourn to meet at twelve o'clock on Tuesday,
the 2Gth instant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, Mr. President,
I submit, as a question of order, that the Sen-
ate is now executing an order already made,
which is in the nature and has the effect of
the previous question, and therefore a motion
to adjourn otherwise than simply to adjourn
at otiee is not in order.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. Amotion that when
the Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet at a cer-
tain day could not now be entertained, be-
cause the Senate is in process of executing an
order. A motion to adjourn to a certain day
seems to the Chair to come under the same
rule. He will, therefore, decide the motion
not to be in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, from that
decision of the Chair I appeal.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
decides that a motion to adjourn to a day cer-
tain is within the principle of a motion that,
when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet
upon a certain day, and that this motion is not
in order pending the execution of the order
already made by the Senate. That the Senate
may understand" the ground of the decision he
will direct the Clerk to read the order under
which the Senate is now acting.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Senate now proceed to vote upon
the articles, aeeordmg to the rules of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise for information
from the Chair. Is the order just read by the
Secretary the order adopted this morning on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
kiimcxds ?]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is. From the
ruling of the Chief Justice an appeal is taken to
the Senate. Senators, you who agree to sustain
the ruling of the Chair will say ay, those of thp
contrary opinion will say no 
Mr. CONNESS. Upon thatquestion I call
for the yeas arid nays.
The yeas and nays Were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buokalew,Conk-
ling, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fessenden, Fow-
ler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Mc-
Creery, Morgan, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viek-
ers, and Willey—2-t.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Ghandler, Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Frelmg-
huyseri, Harlan, Howard, Howo, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,Patterson of_New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—30.
• The CHIEF JUSTICE. The decision of
the Chair is not sustained; and the motion of
the Senator from Oregon is in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. The motion, I believe,
is to adjourn the court until the 25th instant.
I move to strike out the dateand insert " Wed-
nesday, the 1st day of July next."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Senators, you who
agree that "Tuesday, the 26th instant," shall
be stricken out, and the words " Wednesday,
the 1st of July," be inserted, will, as your
names are called, answer yea; those ot the
contrary opinion nay.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 20, nays 34 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fesscnden, Fowler, Grime's Henderson,
Hendricks, Johnson. McCreery, Norton, Patterson
of Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, Vickcrs, and Willey—:;0.
NAYS— Messrs. Anthony,Cameron, Cattell,Chand-
ler, Cole. Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Iidmunds, Ferry,- Frelinghuvscn, Hatlan, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mori ill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
\ atefa—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question recurs
on the motion submitted by the Senator from
Oregon, that the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment, adjourn until Tuesday, the 2Gth
instant.
Mr. McCREERY. Is an amendment in
order ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to amend by pro-
viding that when the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment, adjourns to-day, it adjourn
without day.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to strikeout the words "Tues-
day, the :26th instant," and insert "without
day."
Mr. McCREERY. I call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas G, nays 47 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. I-a yard, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
McCreery, and Tickers—0.
NAYS—Mebbis. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett. Cra-
gin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, llarlan, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, Johnson, .Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Alorton, Norton, Nye, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Patterson ot Tennessee,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Oregon lor an
adjournment of the Senate sitting as a eourt
of impcaclimentuntii Tuesday, the 26th instant.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the motion ; that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
that time, or that it now adjourn until that time?
The [CHIEF JUSTICE. That the Sen-
ate, sitting as a court of impeachment, do now
adjourn until Tuesday, the 26th instant.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
Icr, Cole, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson
of New Ha mpshire. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Conkling, Da-
vis, Dixon, Dcohttle, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Hen-
derson, Hendricks. Johnson, McCreery, Morgan,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbuiy, Sherman,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Willey—21.
NOT VOTING—Mr. Grimes-1.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 32 and the nays are 21. So the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
stands adjourned until Tuesday, the 26th in-
stant, at twelve o'clock.
and Yates-
NOT VOTING—Mr. Grimes—1.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I move
to strike out the date named and insert " Mon-
day next."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Tuesday,* May 26, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair at twelve o'clock m.
The usual proclamation was made by the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Messrs. Stanbery, Evarts, and Nelson, of
counsel for the respondent, appeared in their
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following
order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the resolution heretofore.adopted
a1; to the order of reading arid voting upon the articles
of impeachment be rescinded.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that debatable?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is not debat-
able.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to debate;
but I would like to have it amended so that it
may operate from this day. For instance,
leave to file opinions goes on for two days from
the vote.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Massachusetts can move an amendment, but
it is not debatable. The question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. SUMMER. 1 should like to have it
read again, for I may have misunderstood it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the resolution heretofore adopted
as to the order of reading and voting upon the arti-
cles of impeachment be rescinded.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a different o'rder
from what I supposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I do
not rise to debate it, but merely to ask the
mover what will be the effect ot the adoption
of that order?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Explanation im-
plies debate. It is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
like to hear the resolution read which is to be
rescinded.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order heretofore adopted by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the proceedings
of the last day should be read first; then we
shall know what the order is that is to be re-
scinded, and we can proceed to vote intelli-
gently. I move that we have the proceedings
reThe CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks the first business 1n order is to notify
the House of Representatives that the Senate
is ready to receive them at its bar. Alter that
has been done the course has been to read the
Journal of the proceedings, and then the regu-
lar business of the Senate will be in order. No
