62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
December 6,
presume there will be no objection on the part
of myself and those around me to allowing the
gentleman whatever time he may desire. But
I prefer to see how he may conduct himself
during his first hour—whether he exhibits his 1
usual good nature or indulges in abusive lan-
guage, and at the end of the hour we can
decide whether lie ought to be allowed to con-
tinue.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I trust that, in view of
the many expressions of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.diudge] in favor of liberty,
he would not desire me to speak under any
kind of duress. I think I may appeal to him
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
gentleman will simply speak under the duress
of the rules of the House.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] be
allowed an additional hour.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent; and the gentleman from Wisconsin ,
[Mr. Ei-Dridge] objects. A motion to sus- j
pend the rules cannot be entertained except ,
on Monday after the morning hour.
Mr. ELD111DGE. I presume I shall with- !
draw the objection when the gentleman's hour ,
expires. _ i
Several Members. Withdraw it. |
Mr. ELDR1DGB. Is it proposed to give
him unlimited time or another hour?
The SPEAKER. One hour in addition to
the usual hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman will then be entitled to two
hours.
There was no objection and it was ordered
accordingly. :
Mr. BOUTWELL then proceeded to address
the House. [See Appendix.] At the end of (
fifty-five minutes and before Mr. B. had con- I
eluded— I
Mr. EGGLESTON said, if the gentleman j
will yield for the purpose, I will move an j
adjournment. J
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield for that :
purpose. I
The SPEAKER. , The Chair understood the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boctwetx] last week to be that the report
of the committee be made the special order
after the morning hour.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the House should
now'adjourn, with this question pending, will I
be entitled to the floor to-morrow immediately
after the reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. According to the original
motion, as the Chair understood it, making this
subject a special order, it would come up after
the morning hour. The only way in which any
business can be transacted during the pend-
ency of this debate would be to have it come
up after the morning hour.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I presume my remarks
would not interfere with the morning hour to-
morrow; and I would prefer to go on imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal.
Cries of "agreed," "agreed."
Mr. SCHENCK. I would appeal to the
House to malre this subject the special order
of the day each day after the morning hour, so
as to save the morning hour for business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that
should be done, it may occur some days that
in consequence oftheinterposition ofparticular
business the morning hour would not com-
mence at all, or at all events not until late in
the day. I hope the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] will be permitted
to go on immediately after the reading of the
Journal to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts shall insist upon it this would
come up as unfinished business should the
House adjourn upon it now. And it would
remain in force as unfinished business, to come
up immediately after the reading of the Jour-
nal, to the exclusion of all other business until
this debate shall terminate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And it will continue '
from dav to day in that order until disposed of? 1
The SPEAKER. It will. !
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think I must insist
upon its being regarded as unfinished business.
I will now yield to a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before that motion is
made, if there be 110 objection, the Chair will
lay before the House certain executive com-
munications.
No objection was made.
revenue from distilled spirits.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
the resolution of the House of July 8, 1867, a
statement of the amount of revenue received u
from the tax on distilled spirits from each
collection district, &c.: which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
estimate for war department. 1
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a commuication from the Secretary of the
| Treasury, transmitting copies of letters from j
; the Secretary of War ad interim,, submitting '
estimates to be used in lieu of those heretofore ,
i sent; which was referred to the Committee on
j Appropriations, and ordered to be printed,
j leave of absence.
I Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio,, asked and j
! obtained indefinite leave of absence for his j
| colleague, Mr. Shellarargkr, on account of i
■ indisposition.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
, (at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. in.)
| the House adjourned.
I i
petitions, etc. i
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Lieu-
tenant John L. Brown, of Crossing, La Porte
county, Indiana, and 572 others, soldiers of i
Indiana, praying for the equalization of boun- |
ties. j
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Captain i
Joseph Bullow, late of the twelfth Kentucky ;
cavalry, for pay for the damages to his farm by ;
the establishment of Camp Burnside thereon.
Also, petition in favor of the president, di-
rectors, &c., of the Bardstown and Louisville ;
Turnpike Road Company, for compensation
for bridges burned by order of General Wil- j
liam Nelson, commanding district of Kentucky i
in 1862.
By Mr. BROOMALL: 'The petition of
Thomas Romer, a black man, residing in the
district of country lately known as the State
of Florida, asking such a change in the natu-
ralization laws as would permit him to become
a citizen.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
Julia A. Mix, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 82
citizens of Ashtabula, Ohio, asking the House
of Representatives to impeach the President of
the United States.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A memorial of the
city council of Wilmington, Delaware, asking
for an appropriation for the improvement of
Christiana river.
By Mr. STOKES : The petition of R. Walsh,,
of Memphis, Tennessee, for redress for losses
sustained by alleged unjust imprisonment.
Also, the petition of W. J. Smith, praying
compensation for damages sustained during the
late war.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM : The petition of
Rev. E. L. Boing, praying that a pension be
granted Mrs. Catharine Buchanan.
j By Mr. WASHBURN, ot'Massachusetts :
! The petition of John A. Fisher, jr., of North
j^ield, Massachusetts, asking a pension for the
Im in or children of the late William Stebbins. 1
By Mr. WELKER : Petitions of sundry cit-
izens of Washington city in relation to the
location and erection of the new jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; also, certain papers con-
nected therewith : also, the proceedings of the
board of common council of the city of Wash-
ington in reference to said new jail.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 6, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. G. P. M. King, of Massa-
chusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Constitutional Convention
of Louisiana, in favor of the repeal of the tax
on cotton ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial
of the New York Chamber of Commerce,
asking for the repeal of the tax on cotton.
As a bill has already passed the House of
Representatives for that purpose, and is now
belore the Committee on Finance, I move that
this petition be referred to that cauamittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, praying an amendment of the act
of March 14, 186(3, entitled "An act to extend
the time for the withdrawal of goods for con-
sumption from public stores and bonded ware-
houses, and for other purposes," so as to per-
mit the withdrawal of any goods, wares, or
merchandise for consumption at any time
within three years from the date of importation
on payment of the duties and charges to which
they may be subject by law at the time of such
withdrawal without addition thereto; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEKOY presented a petition of citi-
zens of New London, Connecticut, praying for
immediate legislation to secure to women
equal suffrage with men in the District of
Columbia and wherever the jurisdiction of
Congress extends ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a petition of citizens of East Tennessee, repre-
senting that they were soldiers in the war ot
1812, and praying to be allowed pensions;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
B. F. Dowell and others, praying to be allowed
pay and expenses for two companies of Oregon
volunteers called into service to suppress Indian
hostilities in 1864; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented four petitions of citizens
of Linn and Benton counties, Oregon, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from
Brownsville to Newport, on the bay of Yaquina,
in said State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pobt Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oregon, praying that compensation be
made to Jacob Leabo lor services rendered as
ono of the express guard to accompany Joseph
Meek across the Plains in 1848, from Oregon
Territory to Washington city, the expedition
being a military necessity, and for property
lost or abandoned on the Plains; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of offi-
cers, detectives, and employes of the board of
policeof Washingconcityprayingtobeincluded
in the joint resolution giving twenty per cent,
additional compensation to certain Government
employes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Robert Robinson, formerly special agent of the
Post Office Department, praying the allowance
of the usual compensation for services rendered
from August 28, 1858, to December 81, 1858 :
