1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2471
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ELA: The petition of J. T. Elliott,
of the eleventh Michigan volunteers, for extra
pay, due as a clerk in the department of the
Cumberland.
By Mr. ELTOT: The petition of James G.
Bennett, jr., for change of name of the yacht
l'Hirondelle to Dauntless.
By Mr. MCCARTHY: The petition of J. W.
Barker and 200 others, citizens of Syracuse,
New York, asking for a reduction of the ex-
penses of the Government to a, peace basis, a
corresponding redaction of taxes, and an ad-
justment of the revenue laws, so as to keep
„ our gold and silver at home and give employ-
ment to the labor of the country.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of the
manufacturers of morocco in the cities of New
York and Brooklyn.
By Mr. T WICHELL: A memorial of Beard-
lee Magnetic Electric Company, for claim as
set forth in said memorial.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 15, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to say that at the
time the vote was taken yesterday on the mo-
tion to strike out the word "Alabama" from
the bill proposing to admit that State with
others to representation in Congress, I was
called out of the House by a constituent and
lost my vote. If I had been present I should
have voted in the affirmative.
action op the missouri delegation.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to what I sup-
pose is a question of privilege. I offer the
following resolution;
Whereas a letter has been published purporting to
be addressed by members of this House to a Senator
from the State ot Missouri, with a view of influencing
his vote upon articles ot impeachment preferred by
this House against the President of the United States,
and now pending in the'Senate of the United States,
sitting as a court of impeachment, which letter, as
published, is as follows:
Washington, May 12,186S.
Sir: On a consultation of the Republican mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from Missouri,
in view of your position on the impeachment articles,
we ask you to withhold your vote on any article upon
which you cannot vote affirmatively. This request
is made because we believe the safety of the loyal
people of the United States demands the immediate
removal of Andrew Johnson from the office of Pres-
ident of the United States.
Respectfully, GEORGE W. ANDERSON,
WILLIAM A. PILE,
C. A. NEWCOMB.
JOSEPH W. McCLURG,
BENJAMIN F. LOAN,
JOHN F. BENJAMIN.
JOSEPH J. GRAVELY.
Hon. John* B. Henderson, United States Senate.
And whereas such a communication, if addressed
to a Senator sitting in judgment upon a President
of the United States, is a gross breach of the privi-
leges of the Senate, calculated to degrade the llouse
of Representatives and to obstruct the coursc of
public justice: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That a select eommittee of seven be
appointed to inquire if the above communication has
been addressed by members of this House to Hon.
John B. Henderson, and if it has, what is the legal
character of the offense, and what penalty, if any,
the House ought, in vindication of its own dignity,
to inflict, as well as what provisions of law are ne-
cessary to prevent a recurrence of such wrongs, with
power to send for persons and papers; and to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object to the reception
of the resolution.
Mr. NEWCOMB and Mr. LOAN addressed
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is about to de-
cide whether this is or is not a question of
privilege. In the opinion of the Chair it is
not a question of privilege. The wording of
the resolution expressly shows that it is not.
The charge is that this was an infringement
of the privileges of the Senate. It has not yet
occurred, in the recollection of the Chair, that
the House of Representatives has been recog-
nized by the Senate as the protector of its
privileges. If the privileges of the Senate are
assailed, that body is competent to protect its
own privileges ; nor would the House consent
that the Senate of the United States should
assume to protect its privileges. The Chair,
therefore, does not think that it is a question
of privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is another clause
that 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; hut I wish to
call the attention of the Chair to another clause
in the resolution ; and if the resolution be mod-
ified it may then be a question of privilege.
There is a clause of the resolution which says
that the action of these gentlemen was calcu-
lated to degrade the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is
not a question of privilege.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to say that I
will modify the resolution by striking out the
allusion to the privileges of the Senate. That
is not at all essential to the purpose of the res-
olution. If that is the only reason why it is
not a question of privilege I will strike out
those words.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to say that all the
communication had by the members of this
House from Missouri with the Senator, so far
as I am advised, was at his special instance
and request, and that paper was signed at his
instance and request.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. So much the worse.
Mr. NEWCOMB. That was the remark I
was about to make.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has modified the resolution by striking
out what the Chair had supposed to be the
most important, part of it. The Chair is still
of the opinion that it is not a question of priv-
ilege. From a hurried examination of the pre-
cedents to be found in the Digest, the Chair
cannot see on what ground it could be held to
be a question of privilege, unless it were " an
alleged corrupt combination." But it does
not appear that any corruption is charged in
this case upon members of the House. As to
the intercourse between members of the House
and Senators, whether oral or written, the
Chair cannot see that that properly involves a
question of privilege, unless corrupt influences
were used.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I ask unanimous
consent to offer that resolution for considera-
tion at this time.
Mr. UPSON and others objected.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill
day, the first business during the morning hour
is the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature, commencing with the Committee
on the Judiciary, which committee is entitled
to another morning hour. At the expiration
of the morning hour on last private bill day
the pending question was upon the engross-
ment of llouse bill No. 05, for the relief of
William McGarrahan, reported from the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary. Upon this question
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is
entitled to the floor.
QUESTION or OKDER.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] yield to allow me to j
propound an inquiry to the member from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile?]
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I cannot yield now.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire what
that member means by his motions and gestic-
ulations, which are worthy of the ring rather
than of this llouse? j
The SPEAKER. That language is cer- !
tainly not parliamentary. If the gentleman I
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] has any
charge to make against a member of the House
ll? 1?lus,t. Present it in the usual form. The
Chair did not see what the gentleman com*
plains of, and does not know what it was.
Mr. PILE. I intended no insult; nothing
of the kind.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman stood
there making cabalistic signs. [Laughter.]
As he belongs to a party that claims to have
all ihe moral sense and decency of the coun-
try, I wish to inquire what he meant by stand-
ing on this floor, and, in the presence of the
Speaker, making offensive gestures toward me?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman has any
charge to make against any member he must
reduce it to writing and present it in proper
form.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if the remarks which have been made
here by the gentleman on the other side go into
the Globe as part of the debates and proceed-
ings of this House ?
The SPEAKER. They do. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] rose
in his place and claimed that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Pile] had improperly
treated him. But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania used language which the Chair ruled
to be out of order. If he has any complaint
to make against a member of this House it
should be done in the shape of specific charges
presented to this House for its action. The
Chair will again say that he did not see the
action complained of by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
•william m'gakrahan. .
The House resumed the consideration ofV/
House bill No. 65, for the relief of William *
McGarrahan.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that the tract of land known as the
Panoche Grande Rancho, in the State of Cali-
fornia, granted by Governor Manuel Michelto-
rena to Vineente P. Gomez in the year 1844, and
by said Gomez conveyed to William McGarra-
han on the 22d day of December, 1807, sur-
veyed by the United States surveyor general
for the State of California, and approved by
him on the 11th day of September, in the year
18G2, and which said survey is now on file in
the General Land Office, be, anj the same is, in
all respects, hereby fully confirmed to said Wil-
liam McGarrahan, upon this condition, how-
ever, that the said McGarrahan shall, within
'twelve months after the passage of this act, pay
into the Treasury of the United States the sum
of $1 25 per acre for the lauds embraced
within the said survey.
The second section provides that upon the
payment of the said sum of money to the Treas-
urer of the United States by said McGarrahan,
the said Treasurer shall give a certificate there-
for, and upon the presentation thereof to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office a
patent shall be issued to said WTilliam McGar-
rahan for said lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This subject was
examined by the Committee on the Judiciary
for several days and weeks. Eight members
of the committee took part in the examina-
tion, seven of whom concurred in the report;
one of them, my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Boutwlll,] did not concur in the report.
The Committee on the Judiciary, charged
with the investigation of this claim, have de-
voted to it more time and care, I presume,
than is usually extended to such cases. The
case came before the Thirty Ninth Congress
on the memorial of McGarrahan, asking for
the confirmation of a grant made l>y the Mex-
ican Government to one Vineente P. Gomez in
the year 1844. Under the act of Congress of
1851, establishing a board of commissioners
for the settlement and adjustment of laud claims
in California, this grant was presented before
the commissioners by Gomez. After a hear-
ing of the case the commissioners decided that
