1868.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
money paid out for the purchase of these lands
originally, and forall expenses incurred in con-
structing buildings there, btith for the manu-
facture of arms and for private dwellings, and
that if any surplus remains, it shall be paid
over to such agent as the Legislature of West
Virginia shall appoint.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask a
question justhere. Isthereany objection to pro-
viding that the sale shall not only be public,
but a competitive sale, anil the terms of credit,
if there are to be terms, known to everybody
beforehand ?
Mr. WILLEY. Not at all: aud i have
been drawing up amendments which will cover
that,
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be very glad to
vote for such an amendment. I do not think
the example or the practice is wholesome of
allowing any officer, however well he may be
entitled to the confidence of Congress, to sell
upon discretion, fixing himself the terms and
the publicity, or the want of publicity, by
which a sale can be attended. It never should
be done.
Mr. BTJCKALEW. I observe that the bill
says the United States shall be reimbursed for
the original cost of the land and water privi-
leges. The Senator from West Virginia has
argued this question as if the Government
were to be reimbursed for all the outlay in
the erection of Government buildings there.
Mr. WILLEY. That is the intention.
Mr. BUCKALJ3W. It is very important
that it should be so stated in the bill, because
it changes it essentially.
Mr. WILLEY. I will make a memorandum
to amend it in that particular. It makes pro-
vision for the sale of the land and the reim-
bursement of the expenses.
Mr. CONKLING. All the outlays?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir, all the outlays.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The language of the
bill is " lands and water privileges."
Mr. WILLEY. I agree with the Senator
that it should be amended in that respect.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Government has
certainly expended a very large sum of money
at Harper's Perry. We have no information
about the amount. We have expended a pro-
digious amount in defending that point during
the recent, war. Now, we have a report from
the War Department, in which an officer to
whom this subject has been referred for invest-
igation says that it is not necessary that the
Government should continue to occupy that
site for the purposes to which it has been here-
tofore devoted, and he advises that the Gov-
ernment shall sell this property and shall apply
the proceeds received from the sale to the erec-
tion of a new armory, a new military post in
some other section or portion of the country.
That is one proposition made to us from the
Department which has had charge of this prop-
erty; but the bill presented here and upon
which we are about to pass is a very different
proposition. It is proposed that we shall sell
this property, that the Government shall retain
out of the proceeds the cost of the property,
and then turn over the remainder to the State
of West Virginia. We have no information
about the amount of money involved ; and I
object to the principle upon which the bill
goes. Property obtained in various sections
of the country by the United States at an early
period, when property was very low, when
settlements were sparse, has increased enor-
mously in value by the progress, settlement,
and growth of the country. What relation
there is between the original cost of property
and the present disposition of it in cases of this
kind, T cannot conceive. It is a device, a plan
by which the State of West Virginia shall re-
ceive an appropriation from the Treasury of
the United States for educational purposes.
That is the whole of this bill; and it is predi-
cated upon nothing except the mere fact that
this Harper's Ferry property, or a portion of
it, is located just within the edge of that State.
What equity does that give the State of West
Virginia? We have occupied that site and
expended the public money there. Now we
propose to withdraw from it and to sell it at a
fair public sale to individual holders, who will
hereafter go on and manage and administer it
for their own purposes, the State of West Vir-
ginia receiving whatever revenue can be ob-
tained through her tax laws upon this property,
which is so transferred by the United States.
It will be brought within the operation of her
tax laws, and she will receive a revenue from
it, which she has not heretofore done, because,
1 presume, that she has not taxed the prop-
erty of the United States, and could not do so.
For my part, until it is understood that Con-
gress will appropriate the public money out of
the public Treasury for the purpose of educa-
tion in the several States, and that, not upon
a general plan applicable to them all, like that
upon which we proceeded in the case of agri-
cultural colleges, where are appropriated the
proceeds of the public lands in the West to
the use of colleges in all sections of the Union,
ditributed the fund equally, until, I say, we have
adopted the plan of taking special appropri-
ations of money from the Treasury for educa-
tional purposes in the several States upon this,
that, or the other particular argument which
may he presented to us, I must be obliged to
withhold my vote from bills of this description.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have a vote
if the Senate is ready to vote, on the pending
amendment, and then I propose to offer an-
other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the amend-
ment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
first section of the bill. In line six after the
words "West Virginia," I move to insert
"except as hereinafter provided;" in line
seven after the word "parcels," I move to in-
sert "at public sale;" and in the same line
after the word " terms," I move to insert " as
to the time of pa) meut and after thirty days'
notice of the time and place of sale;" so that
the first section will read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to make sale of the lancK
tenements, and water privileges belonging to tbe
United States at and near Harper's lferry, in the
county of Jefferson, West Virginia, except as here-
inafter provided, in such parcels, at public salf, and
on such terms as to the time of sale, and after thirty
days'notice ot the time and place of sale, as shall, m
his opinion, be best adapted to secure the greatest
amount, of money theretor; and that the proceeds of
such salo shall bo applied by him as follows, &c.
Mr. WILLEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to allow the vote to bo
taken on the first branch of his amendment,
to insert the words, "except as hereinafter
provided," which is proper; and then I want
to suggest a modification of his amendment as
to the other purposes he designs.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will put it in
that form. Let the question be taken on the
first clause of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to insert in Hue six,
after the words " West Virginia," the words
" except as hereinafter provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts the following amendments,
which I think will more properly and fully
accomplish his purpose: In line four, after the
word "sale," insert the words "atpublicauc-
tion ;" in line seven strike out the words "and
on such terms;" in line nine, after the word
"therefor," insert "on a credit of one and
two years, taking bond and security from the
purchaser or purchasers for the payment of the
purchase money ;" and at the end of the sec-
tion to add:
Provided, That no such sale shall be made until the
time, terms, and place thereof shall have been pub-
lished in one of the principal newspapers in each of
the cities of Washington, New York, and Cincinnati
for sixty days prior to the day of salo.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that amendment
to the bill if it is thought to be more proper.
Mr. WILLEY. I move, therefore, that the
words "at public auction" be inserted after
the word "sale" in.the fourth line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Massachusetts
to accept the amendment as a modification of
his amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the latter
clauses of the amendment that I proposed
and let the Senator from West Virginia move
his, which are probably in better form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
withdrawn accordingly. The question now is
on the amendment oifered by the Senator from
West Virginia.
Mr. HOWE. I do not assume to know any-
thing more about this matter than the Senator
from West Virginia ; of course, I do not know
near as much; but 1 understood him to- say
that the property which is to be sold under this
bill, if it passes, is property very large in
amount, and which will realize many hundred
thousand dollars, or we have a right to expect
that it will if fairly disposed of. Now, this
amendment proposes to put that property iu a
body up to sale at public auction.
Mr. WILLEY. Not in a body.
Mr. HOWE. I think, as the bill would
stand, if that amendment should be adopted,
the Secretary would be obliged to offer it in
one parcel.
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir; it leaves that to his
discretion. The bill reads now:
In such parcels and on such terms as shall, in
his opinion, be best adapted to secure tbe greatest
amount of money thereior.
I propose to strike out, as my next amend-
ment, the words "and on such terms;" so as
to leave it read: " in such parcels as shall, in
his opinion, be best adapted to secure the
greatest amount therefor;" and then to add:
"on a credit of one and two years, taking bond
and security for the payment of the pur-
chase money from the purchaser or purchasers
thereof."
Mr. HOWE. Taking what as security?
Mr. WILLEY. " Bond and security."
Mr. HOWE. Bond and mortgage ?
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir; personal property,
because it provides in another part of the bill
that it shall not be conveyed until the whole
purchase money is paid, which will be reserv-
ing a lien on the land for the payment of the
purchase money.
Mr. HOWE. If the Secretary of War could
himself superintend the making of the sale
there is no doubt he would make it under the
bill, as the Senator now explains it, and get
the most money he could; but it is impossible
for him to superintend it, and who will man-
age it 1 am sure I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be some one
appointed by him.
Mr. HOWE. There is a great difference
between the Secretary of War and a subordi-
nate of the Secretary of War, although that
subordinate may be selected by the Secretary.
I know the Government in my own neighbor-
hood had a reservation of some seven or eight
hundred thousand acres for military purposes
occupied as a fort reserve. When we under-
took to dispose of that it was provided that
there should be a subdivision of it into lots,
and the character of that subdivision should
be made known here before any sale was
authorized at all, so that we knew just in what
parcels the property was to be submitted to
bidding; and I should suppose it would be a
prudent step to take here. I can very well
understand that in the sale of property con-
sisting of a few acres of land, the great value
of it consisting in water power, everything
depends upon the subdivision of it, as to the
amount of money it will bring.
Mr. WILLEY. There can be no question
that this will bring more than enough money
to reimburse the United States; and I take it
for granted that the Governor of West. Vir-
ginia or the authorities of West Virginia, if
