1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
this, bill should pass, will see to it that all due
means are adopted to make the property bring
as large a sura as possible, so that, so far as
the United States is concerned, it will be re-
imbursed, according to the terms of this bill,
the full amount of its expenditure and outlay
in the purchase of the property and in the
erection of the buildings thereon. The Uni-
ted States can have nothing to complain of.
I now move that the words in the seventh
line, "and on such terms," be stricken from
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the first amendment offered
by the Senator, to insert after the word "sale,"
in the fourth line, the words "at public auc-
tion," has not yet been acted on by the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY. I understood that it was.
If it was not I hope it will be.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I now move to insert after
the word "therefor," in the ninth line, the fol-
lowing words: "on a credit of one and two
years, taking bond and security from the pur-
chaser or purchasers thereof for the purchase
money."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I now move at the end of
the section to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That no such sale shall be made until
the time, terms, and place thereof shall have been
published in one of the principal newspapers in eacli
of the cities of Washington, Now York, and Cincin-
nati for sixty days prior to the day of sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now, I desire that the
second clause of the section, relating to the
proceeds of the sale and the reimbursement
of the United States, be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
2. In refunding to tho United States the principal
sum of purchase money paid for said lands and water
privileges by the United States.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to insert after the
word "lands," in the thirteenth line, the word
'' tenGinents ''
Mr. BUCKALEW. Tenements, of course,
relate to land. I suggest the insertion of the
words " and for the erection of buildings there-
on" at the end of the clause.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from West Virginia accept that as a
modification of his amendment?
Mr. WILSON. I believe if that is adopted,
tho State of West Virginia will get nothing out
of it anyway. I think those buildings which
were erected there at considerable costwillnot
bring ten cents on the dollar of what they cost
originally. They cost large sums of money
originally, and I have no idea that Harper's
Ferry will sell for the cost of the buildings put
upon it. I doubt very much whether West
Virginia will get a great deal out of this bill
anyway, and I think the bill ought to be allowed
to stand as it is.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not know what
the effect may be. 1 am speaking of the state-
ment that was made as to the object of the
bill.
Mr. WILSON. The cost of the water privi-
lege and the cost of the lands of course were
reasonable at that time ; but when we consider
that those buildings were erected a long while
ago, that they cost a great deal of money, that
they have been used up and worn out, that the
place is not in a prosperous condition, I doubt
very much whether we can get back the money
we paid for them. I have no idea that we can.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Does the Senator know
how much the land and water privileges cost?
Mr. WILSON. No, I do not; but you will
find that the whole of it cost much more than
we shall get for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to
the Senator having this bill in charge and re-
sponsible for it, yvhether he had not better pro-
vide power on the part of the Secretary of War
or some officer to set the sale aside if the prop-
erty should not sell for what it is really worth.
There may be a combination among bidders.
There ought to be some power of review as a
precaution under the authority of the law.
Mr. WILSON. I think he would have that
power now. It seems to me he has. I should
be glad to get this bill through to-night if
possible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared it to be
to.
&Mr. FESSENDEN. What amendment is
that?
The PRESIDENTpro The amend-
ment about the buildings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That ought not to be
put in. The Government ought not to be
reimbursed for all the buildings. The build-
ings are pretty much destroyed.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator who
has this matter in charge proposed that that
should be done.
Mr. WILLEY. That was my proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly it was.
Mr. WILLEY. But it is a fact that the
buildings are pretty much destroyed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Government is
to be reimbursed the original cost of the build-
ings there will not be much left, in my opinion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that this bill be
made the special order for to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock, and that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CONKLING. I would not make it a
special oi'der.
Mr. WILLEY. I think we can get a vote
on it.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me if we
give the Senator from West Virginia all he
wants, that is all that ought to be required by
anv other Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
West Virginia is willing to accept the amend-
ment, very well.
Mr. CONKLING. It is his own proposi-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. In my opinion, if this amend-
ment is adopted it settles the question, and not
a farthing will ever go to West Virginia. We can
never sell Harper's Ferry for what the watei
privileges, the land, and the buildings upon it
cost.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator takes
that position, then he accepts the suggestion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania; this is a
naked donation out and out so far. Now, the
Senator from West Virginia himself made this
proposition, himself spoke of it as a verbal
amendment which ho intended to offer, and
which he hoped would be adopted. It seems
to me if we give him what he asks, that is quite
enough ; and if he moves the amendment, as
well as does not object to it, other Senators
ought not to interpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to it.
Mr. WILLEY. The amendment was not
proposed by me ; it is not my amendment; but
the Senator from New York represents me
correctly. My proposition was that the United
States should be reimbursed for its expendi-
tures, though the fact is that the buildings'
erected upon this property, in their present
condition, will sell for but a very small .portion
of what it cost to erect them. The principal
buildings have been destroyed, and the other
buildings are in a very dilapidated condition.
I should be very glad if the Senate would take
the view of the subject taken by the Senator
from Massachusetts; but ray proposition is
correctly represented by the Senator from New
York. If the Senate will do West Virginia the
favor to take the present value of the build-
ings I shall be st.il] more obliged to them.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote on the
amendment. I do not object to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I simply wish to ob-
serve that if there is no opposition to the
amendment we can pass the bill to-night; if
not, I shall suggest that it lie over for the
purpose of getting tho statistics and knowing
something about it.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; we will take the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 26, 1868.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Johs Hall, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 214, to amend the act
passed March 23, 1867, entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States, passed
March 2, 1867, and to facilitate their restora-
tion," with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, joint reso-
lution of the House No. 105, authorizing the
Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
appointment of a receiver for the Farmers' and
Citizens' National Bank of Williamsburg, New
York, and to restore said bank to its owners
under certain conditions.
treaty with ciioctaws and chickasatvs.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be di-
rected to furnish to this House a copy of all the evi-
dence and of thereport of the couimissionersappoin ted
under the fiftieth article of the treaty with the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians of 1866, together with
tho award of the Secretary of the Interior upon said
report.
abelard guthrie.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Busi-
ness, made a report on the memorial of Abe-
lard Guthrie; and the same was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
recommitted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admission of alabama.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following preamble and resolution :
Whereas the welfare of the country, and espe-
cially of the dominant party at this particular junc-
ture. imperatively demands the admission of at least
one State under the reconstruction acts of Congress;
and whereas it has been authoritatively ascertained
that many of the " trooly loil" freedmen ol Alabama
in voting upon the adoption of the constitution lately
submitted to them for adoption, under and in accord-
ance with said acts, deposited their ballots in tho
post offices instead of the ballot-boxes, and this with-
out the consent and contrary to tho instructions of
the military commanderof the district: Therefore,
Be it resolved, 1. That itis highly improperthat said
ballots be thus lost; that without further delay Ala-
bama, be admitted into the Union as a coequal State,
in order that said trooly loil" Irccdiiien be repre-
scnted in Congress as well as in the Freedinen's Bu-
reau.
2. That any member of any party, or "any other
against the foregoing bo adjudged
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors and bo im-
mediately impeached.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
CHANLER objected.
repairs of new york custom-house.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read
considered, and agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish to this liouse the amount of ex-
penses incurred in repairs on tho New York custom-
