3-196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2%
the law by the committee. But I do not care
from what manufactories these gentlemen ap-
peared before the committee. I speak for
almost the first manufacturers of Scotch snuff
in the country, who have always had their snuff
packed in kegs or bladders, and to make this
change would be very inconvenient. I hope
the amendment will prevail. I withdraw the
pro forma amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I more to strike out the
latter part of the paragraph, as follows:
Except that fine-out eh-owiner tobacco may, at tho
option of tho manufacturer, bo put up in wooden
package;, of ten, twenty, torty, anil yixty poundsoacu.
Also, by inserting the word "only'' after the
word "ounces;" so that the paragraph will
read:
AU fine-cut chewinpr tobacco, and all other kinds
of tobacco not otherwise provided for, in packages
of one half, one, two, four, oiglit, and sixteen ouncos
only.
Mr. Chairman, during the week past a very
intelligent committee of gentlemen connected
with the manufacture of tobacco have been
here, and they have drawn np a memorial or
statement, a copy of which has been sent to
each member, and one of which 1 hold in my
hand. Now, sir, if you allow fine-cut chewing
tobacco to be put up in packages of from ten
to sixty pounds in the way he-re provided the
wholesale dealer will send them to tho retail
dealer, the retail dealer will open tliem and put
them up again, and you never will be able to
toll what is paid and what is not paid. The
consequence will be that never one pound that
is mixed in the large package will pay a cent
of tax. Tho representatives of three of the
largest manufacturers in New York have been
here and declared that if you pass this iaw
containing the words which 1 propose now to
strike out, you will not and cannot collect the
tax on tobacco. They say that they are willing
to comply with the law as you have provided
it up to this time, making it up in packages of
half an ounce, two, four, eight, and sixteen
ounces, and they say that no dishonest tobacco
under lhat law can well get inlo the market.
These men say that while dishonest men have
been making large amounts of money during
the last year, they have not made a penny of
Erofit on their entire business, 'l'liey come
ere and beg that if you intend to collect a
tax on these kinds of chewing tobacco you
will strike out the words 1 have designated. I
do not know how they got in there, or by what
influence. No matter how wise the Committee
of Ways and Means may bo, they cannot
fathom tho designs of the men who come hero
and make these representations. And this
clause was got in by some influence—if there
was any used with the committee—intending
to defraud the Government of the tax on this
kind of tobacco.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York will
not prevail. The whole subject was fully con-
sidered, not only by the Committee of Ways
and Means, but by these tobacco manufacturers,
when they were here before us two or three
months ago ; and the very gentlemen named by
the gentleman from New York all at one time
yielded their assent to this provision which we
have in the bill. 1 know that they protest
against it now ; but I think that under no con-
sideration should it be stricken out.
The question was taken on Mb. lioBixsox's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On lino fifteen, page 92, after the word "each"
inseit"orin bundles or packages containing three
and  ix dozen of the smaller packages herein pro-
vided for,"
Mr. Chairman, I should like to have the
attention of the House for five minutes. I
have aided to perfect this bill as far as I could ;
but 1 do not believe that it is the best thing
to hurry through the bill and put questions
without scarcely hearing gentlemen through.
The proposition of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robixsox] was a correct one, and,
failingin that, this is the next best thing. Three
of the largest manufacturers in the United
States—who are entitled to a hearing because
thej pay one ninth of all the tax paid in the
United States on this article—protest against
this section ; and if it cannot, be amended as
was proposed by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robinson] this is the next best
thing. Let me state the proposition as briefly
as 1 can.
Mr. Chairman, this section as it now stands
provides that this chewing tobacco may be
put up in packages of ten, twenty, forty, and
sixty pounds each. Very well; you put up a
package of sixty pounds and there is but one
stamp upon it. You can take from that what
you like and it goes into the market in small
packages upon which nothing is paid, while
these manufacturers who sell what is generally
known as tin foil tobacco in packages of seven
eighths of an ounce, two ounces and so on,
have to put a stamp on each. The section as
it now stands opens large avenues to fraud.
I nail this trade which has sprung up the tobacco
which is so widely known throughout the Uni-
ted States as "century" and "solace" is put
up in fractional parts of an ounce, and at least,
it this wrong is to be perpetrated, do these
manufacturers at least the justice of allowing
them to put on stamps on a package of three
dozen or six dozen as they are now allowed by
law to do. I hope that this amendment will
be agieed to, and that, if possible, the commit-
tee will return to their senses on this subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee will try
to return to their senses on this subject, and I
begin by asking the gentleman whether he
knows such manufacturers as Bueknor, Mc-
Cammau & Co., McDowell, Dohan & Tait?
Mr MYERS. Y'es, sir; but the gentleman
may as well address his speech to the Chair,
and 1 will answer him when 1 obtain the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Veiy well. These tobacco
men by scores came here during the past win-
ter. They wrangled and disagreed among
themselves. At length we said to them : "Gen-
tlemen, you differ so much in regard to what
will affect your interests one way or tho other,
that you had better come to someconipromise
or common conclusion, and if we can agree
with you we will adapt our legislation accord-
ingly." They came to us afterward with'"res-
olutions of the tobacco trade amendatory to
the present internal revenue law, adopted in
convention at Washington, January 29 and 30,
18G8." They sat here two days. They signed
all the resolutions, so that there might be no
mistake about the matter. In these resolutions
they distinctly agreed that packages of snuff,
&c., should be put up separately, with a stamp
on each package. They compromised among
themselves, and afterward belore the commit-
tee, by agreeing to some of these larger pack-
ages. 1 myself was in favor of small packages
ail round, although that arrangement, was said
to be against the western interests. But a com-
promise was finally arrived at between the rep-
resentatives of the trade from all parts of the
Union; and that compromise was assented to
by the committee. I intend to stick to that
compromise, and I intend to hold the gentle-
man's constituents to it. I have here the sig-
natures of all those men, because, fortunately,
they attached their signatures to their resolu-
tions. These signatures embrace the names
of delegates from all the different cities. The
provision contained in this bill is precisely in
accordance with that which was finally settled
upon ; and this idea of little packages with a
wrapper outside to afford an opportunity for
fraud, is a new thing that ive never heard of
until within the last two or three weeks.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to say "one qua: tor of an ounce."
In reply to the gentleman from Ohio, 1 will
say that, while what he states is correct, it is
not the less true lhat all the small package
manufacturers of tobacco desire what the geu-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hyebs] has
proposed. There is an immense trade in this
small package tobacco—tobacco in one half
and one quarter ounce packages; and this bill
is in point of fact destructive to that trade. It
will root it out. It will destroy in many of
our cities the business of a large number of
manufacturers, who in good faith pay immense
amounts of revenue to the Government on
tobacco. While what the gentleman from
Ohio, has stated is true, it is also true that these
persons thus interested, have appeared before
the Committee of Ways and Means and repre-
sented their interests, and they are now here
earnestly claiming from this House the pro-
tection of a large trade. The appeal which
they make is the appeal of the small package
men, to be permitted to live as well as the
large package men ; the appeal of the retailers
or dealers in tin-foil packages to be permitted
to exist along with the other manufacturers, of
tobacco.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say only one
word in reference to this proposition. The
small package men did complain that we were
injuring their business, because they put up.
packages of a little less than an ounce, and.yM
more than a half ounce ; and these small pack-
ages were sold at retail for ten cents a pack-,
age, so that they were compelled to pay tht
tax upon a full ounce. Now, to accommodate
these gentlemen, we have reduced the tax from
forty cents a pound to thirty-two cents, so that
they can certainly make more profit now by
selling these little packages to the retail con-
sumer at ten cents a package, thaa they could
before when the tax was forty cents per pound.
They can now put up these packages just as
they please.
Mr. BROOKS. "Why not serve them all
alike? Why not give fair play to both the big
packages and the little packages?
The amendment of Mr. Myeiis was not
agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. In order that I may say a
word or two further,! move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word of the paragraph. Mr.
Chairman, the names quoted by my friend, the
distinguished chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, are names of highly respect-
able firms in Philadelphia and elsewhere. But
the gentleman did not read that to which they
affixed their names. Of course he could not,
in his five minutes, read this long paper. But
I will thank him to show me where in their
resolutions, these men ask for a provision that
"fine-cut chewing tobacco may, at the option
of the manufacturer, be put up in wooden
packages of ten, twenty, forty, and sixty pounds
each."
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not say there was
any such thing in those resolutions.
Mr. MYERS. Very well; then the resolu-
tions contain no such thing. Does the paper
to which the gentleman lias referred say any-
thing about packages of forty pounds each ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not say that any such
thing was in the paper. I say that these men
camebefore the Committee of Ways and Means,
as every member of the committee will testify,
and, after wrangling a day and a half before the
committee, made a compromise.
Mr. MYERS. Then I understand the gen-
tleman. Now, sir, those gentlemen, I take it,
did not want to interfere with those who sell
tobacco in smaller packages. They desired, if
they chose, to sell in larger packages; but they
did not wish to interfere with those who sell in
smaller packages. Now, if these larger pack-
ages are permitted at once an avenue to fraud
is opened ; and while the honest man will pay
his taxes honestly, the dishonest man will take
advantage of this avenue to fraud by putting
sixty pounds in a large barrel and sellingit out
without any stamps. If this is allowed then
those men who sell in tin-foil packages should
be put upon the same footing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will refer the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to one paragraph of the
resolutions of these tobacco -manufacturers.
