64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December #,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves that the farther con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
Tuesday next at one o'clock, and made the
special order for that day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe it is unusual
in the Senate to make anything of this sort a
special order. I have no objection to the res-
olution being postponed until the time indi-
cated, and then it will come up of itself, and the
honorable Senator will have an opportunity to
speak on the question.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to do anything
that is unusual in the Senate. If I have made
a proposition which is unusual, of course the
Senate will pardon me because I am not so
well acquainted with the usages of the Senate
as those who have been here longer. But I do
not understand it to be unusual; and I submit
to the Senate whether it is so. Perhaps the
Senator from Wisconsin may be mistaken on
that point.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think there is
anything unusual in proposing to make a special
order. The only objection is that the unfin-
ished business of the preceding day has prece-
dence, and will supersede it. If it be left as
the unfinished business it will come up the
next day as a matter of course.
Mr. DRAKE. I have withdrawn that part
of the motion which contemplates making the
resolution a special order for any time after
Tuesdhy. All I ask is that it be made a special
order for Tuesday at one o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that; but the unfinished business of Monday
will take precedence of it, and you cannot get
it up, if it be made a special order.
Mr. DRAKE. I will run that risk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To make
this resolution a special order, will require a
two-third vote of the Senate, under the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no objec-
tion to the Senator from Missouri calling up
this resolution on Tuesday, and making any
remarks he desires to make upon it. But to
make it a special order is, I think, rather unu-
sual. I think he will accomplish his purpose
by having it postponed until Tuesday at one
o'clock. If that be done, he will be allpwed,
according to the uniform courtesy of the Sen-
ate at this stage of the session, to call it up
on that day, and make his remarks; and
its further consideration will then be at the
pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. D RAKE. I am perfectly willing to agree
to anything that is according to the usage of the
Senate in this matter. I merely wish to have
it understood that the resolution will not be
called up for consideration until that time; and
then I desire, if it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to allow me, to be heard upon the resolu-
tion.
fl'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator modify his motion?
Mr. DRAKE. I modify the motion so as
simply to postpone the consideration of the
resolution until Tuesday at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
assistant secretary of the treasury.
_ Mr. THAYER. I move to take up for con-
sideration ther resolution 1 offered on Monday
last calling for information in reference to the
appointment of Edmund Cooper as Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Thayer on the 2d instant:
I'esohed, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate if Edmund Cooper did
assume the duties of theofficoof Assistant Secretary
of the'freasury upon tho 30th of November, and if so
under what law or by what authority, if any, ho was
allowed to do so.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding to it the following:
Or whether the said Cooper has been appointed
Assistant Secretary of tho Treasury, cither before or
tmce the present session of Congress, or whether he
has periormed duties as Assistant Secretary of the
ireasury; also, the nature of the commission given
to said Cooper, and the length of time it is to run.
Th# amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. BUCKALEW. I objected to this res- J
j olution the other day, thinking it was a mat-
ter appropriate to executive session. How-
ever, on further reflection, I believe I shall
interpose no objection to its consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. There is one clause or
the resolution which I do not see how the Sec-
retary of the Treasury can answer. A person
may have been appointed and the Secretary of
the Treasury not know it, because we have
been in session long enough for appointments
to be made. They may have been made with-
out the official knowledge of the Secretary of
the Treasury. In his official capacity he can-
not know whether a person has been appointed
until he has been confirmed. He may reply by
saying that he does not know anything about
it, but he cannot reply that the thing has been
done. ]
The resolution was agreed to.
tub public debt.
Mr, SHERMAN. I move to take up the !
, joint resolution which was pending yesterday,
and which was then postponed at the request :
of the Senator from Indiana. '
The motion was agreed to ; and the consid- 1
eration of joint resolution (S. R. No. 6G) pledg-
ing the faith of the United Stafes to the pay- ;
ing of the public debt in coin or its equivalent j
was resumed as in Committee of the Whole. ;
j Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 suppose the pending 1
! motion is that to commit, made by the Senator >
| from Ohio.
! Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw that motion
to enable the Senator to offer his amendment. j
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose as a substi-
tute for the resolution the following:
; Whereas the public debt of the United States, except
where otherwise provided by law, was contracted
and incurred upon the faith andcredit of the United
States that the same would be paid or redeemed in
i the lawful money of the United States, which was
j declared by Congress to be a legal tender for all debts ;
i public and private, except duties on imports and the
: interest on the public debt; and whereas it is not /
good policy nor just to thepeople that Congress shall !
pledge the faith of the United States to a mode of 'I
payment more burdensome than the laws require: ,j
Therefore, I,
Be it resolved, &c.. That the public debt of the I
United States, except where the lawprovides for the j
payment of coin, shail be paid and redeemed in the
lawful money of the United States, and the faith of j
the United States stands pledged accordingly. j
Mr. HENDRICKS. The object in offering j
this measure is that both propositions may go
to the committee for its consideration. One
j proposition is presented forcibly in the resolu- '
; tion of the Senator from Vermont. The oppo-
i site construction of the laws I have undertaken
i to present in the substitute. I desire simply
! to say that it is not my purpose in the amend-
! ment to express any opinion as to whether the
j indebtedness that was contracted prior to the
j passage of the legal-tender law is controlled
in its payment by the provisions of the legal-
tender law or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew the motion
I made yesterday to refer the joint resolution
and amendment to the Committee on Finance,
stating that the Committee on Finance have
already partly considered this subject, and are
now engaged in reviewing the whole matter,
and will report at an early date after full and
ample consideration. I- therefore move its
j reference to the Committee on Finance.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think that this
II resolution, or the substitute offered by the Sen-
; ator from Indiana, is one that in its rrature
requires the investigation of a committee, as
it is a simple declaration of an existing fact.
At the same time, as ever since I have had the
honor to occupy a place in this body I have
I stoutly insisted that every important proposition
which is brought forward in this body ought to
go to a committee for investigation, I am
willing to apply my own theories to my own
practice, and therefore I entirely accede to the
motion of the Senator from Ohio that the sub-
ject should go to the Committee on Finance.
| The motion to refer was agreed to.
j international monetary conference,
i Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution, which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of State be directed
to communicate to the Senate a copy of all corre-
spondence between the Government of the United
States and that of France in respect to the Interna-
tional monetary conference held in June and July
last, with a copy of any instructions to and reports
from the delegate in the conference from the United
States.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
executive session. ■
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope the gentleman will
allow us to have a short executive session to-
day. We desire to make a report from the
Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Missouri withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CATTELL. I move, then, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
UOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 6, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
capitol repairs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior in relation to a deficiency in th©
amount appropriated to cover thecost of repairs
and alterations in the old portion of the Capitol
for the fiscal year ending June 50,1807 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
order or business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the question of impeach-
ment; upon which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr.. Boutwell] is entitled to tbe
floor for one hour and five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make an appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts to per-
mit me to get a vote of the House on an import-
ant bill. I ask the gentleman—I know I am
requesting a very great favor, and I would
not request it under ordinary circumstances—
whether he will allow me to ask a vote on the
bill (recommitted to the committee but which
I propose to report back for action now) sus-
pending tho power of the Secretary of the
Treasury to contract the currency. It is a
short, simple bill, understood by every one,
and can be voted upon without debate. ••
Mr. BOUrVVELL. I should be very glad
to accede to the request of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] but I think that, in the
very nature of the case, there must be pretty
large debate on the measure which he men-
tions, and it the question is once opened I do
not see ho w the debate is to be stopped. I hope,
therefore, the gentleman will excuse me for
declining to accede to his request. He can
embrace some other opportunity, which I dare
say will occur early, to bring before the House
the bill to which he refers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I proposed to call the pre-
vious question, so that the question could be
decided without debate.
The SPEAKER. The pending resolution,
being a question of the highest privilege, super-
sedes the morning hour, if the gentleman hav-
ing charge of it insists that it shall do so. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boct-
well] insisted last evening on this subject
being considered the unfinished business, and
coming up this morning to the exclusion of the
morning hour.
I :
