1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
house for two years prior to the 1st day of February,
1863.
appraiser's department in new york.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Itesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish to this House acopy of a contract
made for labor in the public store or appraiser's
department in the city of New York and the author-
ity for making such contract; and whether the con-
tractors furnish all the labor and all the ooal neces-
sarily used in the performance of the contract.
report op paris exposition.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law :
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the
report of Abraham S Hewitt, commissioner to the
Paris Exposition, be printed for the use of the Stato
Department.
dubuque and sioux city railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business pending at the adjournment
yesterday, being the amendment of the Senate
to House bill No. 208, to extend the time for
the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux City
railroad, on which Mr. Allison was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question, with a view of answer-
ing any question.
Theamendments oftheSenate were reported,
as follows:
> Page 1, line ten, after the word "to," insert "sub-
ject to the revertal mentioned in said act at the ex-
piration of the time herein limited."
_ Page 1, strike out all after the word "route" in
line eleven to the word "to" in line sixteen and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
.By way of Webster City and Fort Dodge to Sioux
City, which route shall be at all points within the
limits of said land grant."
Page 1, line seventeen, striko out " January" and
insert" July."
At the end of section one insert" And no land shall
be disposed of or patented, or certified for said pur-
poses, more than forty miles in advance of the point to
which said road may be constructed from time to time.
Striko out sections two, three, and four.
Mr. ALLISON. Inasmuch as no explana-
tion of these amendments seems to be required
by any gentleman on the floor, I will say that,
the amendments proposed by the Senate are
restrictive in their character, except one, which
simply extends the time six months for the
completion of the first fifty miles of the road.
I will say further that the amendments have
been submitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, and they concur in them. I now demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post route in new york.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 821) to establish
a post route from Gowanda, via Collins Center
and Mourton's Corner, to Springville, Erie
county, New York; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
harbor at wilson, new york.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed
to furnish to this House as speedily as possible such
information as he may have in his possession, or can
bo obtained from the officer who recently raade a
survey for a ship-canal around the Falls of Niagara,
relative to the harbor at Wilson. Niagara county,
New York, and the importance and propriety ofCon-
gress making an appropriation for the improvement
of said harbor.
homestead law.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitsed the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, -Chat the Committee on Public lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the homestead law that tile fees now re-
quired of claimants shall not be exacted when such
claimants have been soldiers in the late war for the
Union and have been honorably discharged.
transportation of mails.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General bo directed
to inform this House why the railroads between Bal-
timore and New York city receive for the transport-
ation of the mails $100 per mile more than first-class
roads, like the New York and Erie.
mrs. c. p. si'call.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent,
snbmitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
are hereby instructed to inquire and report to this
House, by bill or otherwise, upon the expediency of
granting a pension to Mrs. C. F. McCall—a pension
for the sons of her son, George W. McCall, who was
a member of company E, thirty-third Illinois volun-
teer infantry during, the late war; the said Mrs.C.
F. McCall being a widow in indigent circumstances
in Warren county, Illinois.
bridge across the ohio.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 215) con-
cerning the bridge across the Ohio at the head
of the falls of that river.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of War to cause au in-
quiry and examination to be made by a com-
petent and impartial officer of engineers to
ascertain whether the Louisville Bridge Com-
pany has located and is constructing its bridge
across the Ohio river, at the head of the falls
of said river, in accordance with the provis-
ions of the acts of Congress on the subject,
approved, respectively, July 14, 1862, and
February 17,1865, and to have the same done
and reported to Congress at as early a period
as practicable, to the end that the interests of
the public may be protected and no injustice
done, by delay or otherwise, to said company.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
public lands in ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following preamble and
resolution; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands:
Whereas it is estimated by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office that there remains sotiio forty
thousand acres of land in the Virginia military dis-
trict in the State of Ohio unsurveyed and undisposed
of; and whereas said lands are mountainous and ot
so little value that it is doubtful whether they could
be sold by the United States for a sum sufficient to
defray the expenses incident to surveying and con-
veying the same; Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on PublicLandsbe,
and they are hereby, directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of ceding said lands to the State of Ohio,
and report by bill or otherwise.
naval pensions.
The SPEAKER. When the morning hour
expired on Thursday last the House had under
consideration the bill (H. R. No. 777) to pro-
vide for the payment of certain pensions out
of the Navy pension fund.
The first section provides that the provisions
of section eleven of an act entitled "An act for
the better government of the United States,"
approved July 17, 1862, be extended to and
made to include the widows and other depend-
ents of officers, seamen, firemen, marines, and
coal-heavers of the naval service of the United
States, who are by law entitled to pensions,
and that all such pensions shall be paid out of
the Navy fund.
Section two provides that the amount paid
out of the general appropriation to the widows
and other dependents named in the foregoing
section since the passage of the act of July 17,
1862, shall be reimbursed to the Treasury of
the United States.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment, offered by Mr. Butler, to add
the following amendment;
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That all moneys
and securities appertaining to the fund now known
as the oavaJ pension fund, and all other moneys and
securities which, by law. have been heretofore paid
in to such fund, and which, if this act had been passed,
would hereafter accrue thereto, shall.be covered into
the Treasury of the United States, and become a part
of the surplus fund of the Treasury; and all Navy
pensions shall be hereafter assumed by the United
States, to bo paid from tho Treasury in accordance
with appropriations made by law.
Mr. PERHAM. It will be recollected that
a few days since a bill was passed, reported
Irom the Committee on Appropriations, which
provides that all this fund shall be covered
into the Treasury of the United States. If
that bill should become law, then it will super-
sedere legislation proposed by the bill under
consideration. I therefore move that this bill
and pending amendment be recommitted to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
war op 1812.
Mr. PERHAM moved that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be discharged from the
further consideration of the following, and that
the same be referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812:
Concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Kansas, memorializing Congress
to grant the invalid soldiers of the war of 1812
pensions from the date of injury, or the date
of discharge;
The petition of Daniel Wilson, for arrears
of pensions; and
The petition of Roxana Kimball, for arrears
of pensions.
The motion of Mr. Perham was agreed to.
hampton thompson.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
822) granting a pension to Hampton Thomp-
son ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of War to place on the pension-rolls,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Hampton Thomp-
son, late a private in company G, sixty-third
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, commenc-
ing September 13, 1865.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
report be read.
The report was read. It sets forth the facts
presented by the petitioner, which are that he
is a native of middle Tennessee, was a mem-
ber of a State regiment called into service by
Governor Harris in May, 1861; that when the
regiment went South he escaped June 6, 1862,
and surrendered to the Union forces; that after
having been kept some time in the military
prisons at Jeffersonville and Indianapolis he
took the oath of allegiance and returned home;
that in April, 1863, he went to Pittsburg,
where, some time after, he enlisted in a Penn-
sylvania regiment and served until discharged
because of having lost his sight from exposure
while in service.
The committee report that they have care-
fully examined the statements of fact made
by Thompson and find them correct, being
proved by evidence from the War Depart-
ment, by the character of the Tennessee ser-
vice under Governor Harris, and by state-
ments of officers and soldiers. The evidence
concerning his present character and senti-
ments toward the United States Government
is satisfactory to the committee. He is unable
to procure a pension from the Department
because of his having been in the rebel ser-
vice. The committee, therefore, recommend
the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george w. locker.
Mr. POLSLEY also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
