1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4521
two Houses the whole day in which to decide
this question. Under the resolution the two
Houses may be in session the whole day; it
does not say that the question as to the time
to which an adjournment shall be had must be
determined the first hour or the second hour
or the last hour of the day. Therefore the
Chair thinks it is competent for a majority of
the House to adopt a resolution upon any
other subject which they may deem proper.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask, Mr.
Speaker, whether it is within the power of the
House to take any legislative action whatever
when there is not a quorum present ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL. There is not now a
quorum present.
The SPEAKER. That has only appeared
by the count of the Chair. Whether a quorum
is present will be disclosed by the call of the
yeas and nays about to be taken. If upon
that call no quorum should appear of course
no business can be transacted.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair himself an-
nounced that there was not a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. By his count.
Mr. RANDALL. Therefore the introduc-
tion of any resolution or the transaction of
any legislative business is not in order till it
be made manifest to the Speaker that a quo-
rum is present.
The SPEAKER. There has been no legis-
lative business transacted.
Mr. RANDALL. A resolution involving
action by the House other than adjournment
is legislative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall,] who came into the House a little alter
the hour of meeting, the character of the busi-
ness transacted this morning. By unanimous
consent the reading of the Journal of the day
when the House was last in session was dis-
pensed with. In that action the presence of a
quorum was presumed, as no member called
for a division. By unanimous consent, also, a
concurrent resolution in regard to adjournment
was adopted, no division being called for, and
the Journal presuming, as the Speaker does,
the presence of a quorum. The next resolution
offered was one authorizing the suspension of
the rules on any day during the remainder of
the second session of the Fortieth Congress.
Upon that no vote was taken by yeas and nays
or by tellers. Upon a count by the Chair no
quorum appeared, but that does not prove that
no quorum is in attendance. Some members,
like the gentleman from Pennsylvania, have
come in since. The yeas and nays have now
been demanded, and the vote about to be taken
will show whether a quorum is present.
Mr. RANDALL. My point is that when-
ever the House finds itself without a quorum
it is not competent to transact legislative
business.
The SPEAKER. There is no record upon
the Journal of the absence of a quorum. The
resolution upon which a count was made by
the Speaker was withdrawn by the mover, as
he had the right to withdraw it, before a final
decision, under the rule, to be found on page
120 of the Digest.
Mr. RANDALL. I am supported in my
point by the declaration of the Speaker him-
self, that no quorum was present.
The SPEAKER. Upon acount no quorum
appeared. It very frequently happens, indeed
almost every day during a regular session, that
upon a count by the Chair a quorum does not
appear, though a quorum is subsequently eli-
cited on a vote by tellers or yeas and nays.
The question is now upon the suspension of
the rules to permit the introduction of the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenok.] The yeas and nays have been
ordered, and the roll will now be called.
The question was put; and there were—yeas
100, nays 2, not voting 119 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Baldwin. Banks, Beatty,
nel], Dawes, Deweese, Dixon, Driggs, Ecktey, Ed-
wards, Elii, Eiiot, Ferriss, Fields, trench, Garfield,
Gove, GriswoUl, Halsey, Hamilton, Healon. Iligby,
Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingcrsoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Keteham,
Koontz, Lallin, Lash, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
Mercur. Miller, Moore, Mulling, Myers, O'Neill,
Paine,Perham, Peters, Pierce, Poland, Prince, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith,
Stevens, Stewart. Stokes, Taylor, Thomas. John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Ward, Elihu B.
Washbnrne, Henry 1). Washburn. William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whittcmore, John T.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and Young—100.
NAYS-—Messrs. I^ellogg and Spalding—2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Archcr, Arnell, Delos It. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtell. Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman,Beck, Benjamin, Blackburn, Boies, Bowen,
Boyden, Boycr, Bromwetl, Brooks, Buckley, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Burr, Reader W.
Clarke, Clift, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Delano, Dock-
ery, Dodge, Donnelly. Eggleston, Eldridge. Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fox, Getz, Giossbrenner, Goliaday,
G-oss, Gravely, Grover, Iiaight, Harding, Haughey,
Hawkins, Hinds, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Iloteh-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Hunter. Johnson, Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, jVlallorv, Marshal 1, McClurg,
Mct'ormick, McCullough, McICee, Moorhead, Mor-
rell, Moriissey, Mungen, Neweoinb, Newsham, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn, Orth, Pholps, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Ran- :
dall, Raurn, Robinson, Roots, Ross, Selye, Sheila- j
barger, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Stone, Sypher, |
Tabor, Taffe,Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Upcon, Van !
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, VanTrnmp.Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—119.
The SPEAKER. There is not a quorum
voting.
During the call of the roll a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. McDonald,
its Chief Clerk, notifying the House that that
body had adopted the following resolution,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
Hesolvcclly the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives do
adjourn their respective Houses until twelve o'clock
noon of the 16th day of October, 1868; and that they
then, unless otherwise ordered hy the two Houses,
further adjourn theirrespcctivellouses until thelOth
day of November, 1868, at twelve o'clock noon; and
that they then, unless otherwise ordered, further
adjourn their respective Houses to the first Monday
of December, 1868, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. SCKENCK. I wish to call attention to
the fact that Mr. Brooks, Mr. Eldridge, and
Mr. Randall, who are present, do not vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
suppose there will be any objection to pass the
resolution which came from the Senate. I ask
unanimous consent to take it up and pass it.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum on
the last vote.
Mr. MULLINS. If I am not at fault in
regard to the rules of the House, when there
appears not to be a quorum a definite number
may order those who do not appear to be
brought witliin the pale of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask, to carry out that
idea, a call of the House be had, and we pro-
ceed to take things in order according to the
rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to call the
roll, and the following members failed to
answer to their names :
"Messrs Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos R.Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Boycr, Brom-
well. Brooks, Bucklcy, Burr, Iloderick ix. Butler,
Cary, Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Cook, Covode,
Cullom, Delano, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Esgle-
ston, Bidridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Pox,Gctz.Gioss-
• hrenner, Goliaday, Goss,. Gravely, Grover. Haight,
Harding, Hnughey,Hawluns,Hinds.Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Alex-
am!or II. Jones, Thomas L. .Jones, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Mallory,
Marshall, McOlurg, McCormick, McCullough, Mc-
Kee, Moorhead, Morrell, Morrisses1, Mungen,New-
comb, Newsham, Niblack,Nicholson, Norris, Nunn,
Orth. Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Randall. Raum, Robinson, Roots,
Robs, Selye. Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Starkweather,
EWlc, Sypher, Tabor, i'atfe, Lawrence S.Xrimble,
Upson, Van Auken, Robert X. Vas ERfrn, Van
Tramp,Cadwalader C.'Washburn, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, "Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young.
The doors were then closed, and the Clerk
proceeded to call the names of the absentees for
excuses;
G eorge M. Adams. No excuse offered.
William B. Allisoit. No excuse offered.
George W. Anderson. No excuse offered.
Stevenson Archer. No excuse offered.
Samuel M. Aiinell. No excuse offered.
Delos R. Ashley. No excuse offered,
James M. Asiiley. No excuse offered.
Samuel B. Axtell. No excuse offered.
Alexander II. Bailey. No excuse offered.
Jehu Baker. No excuse offered.
Demas Barnes. No excuse offered.
William H. Barnum. No excuse offered.
Fernando C. Beaman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
a telegram from Mr. Beaman, stating that he
is sick at home. If there is no objection he
will be regarded as excused. The Chair hears
no objection.
James H. Beck. No excuse offered.
John P. Benjamin. No excuse offered.
W. Jasper Blackburn. No excuse offered.
Thomas Boles. No excuse offered.
C. C. Bowejt. No excuse offered.
Nathaniel Boyden. No excuse offered.
Benjamin M. Boyer. No excuse offered.
Henry P. II. Bromwell. No excuse offered.
James Brooks. No excuse offered.
Charles W. Buckley. No excuse offered.
Albert G-. Burr. No excuse offered.
Roderick R. Butler. No excuse offered.
Samuel F. Gary. No excuse offered.
John W. Chanler. No excuse offered.
Reader. W. Clarke. No excuse offered.
Burton C. Cook. No excuse offered.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
Columbus Delano. No excuse offered.
Oliver H. Dockery. No excuse offered.
Grenville M. Dodge. No excuse offered.
Ignatius Donnelly. No excuse offered.
Benjamin Egoleston. No excuse offered.
Chari.es A. Eldridge. No excuse offered.
John F. Farnsworth. No excuse offered.
Thomas W. Ferry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a telegram
from Mr. Ferry stating that he is confined^ to
his room by illness. If there be no objection
he will be regarded as excused. The Chair
hears no objection.
John' Fox. No excuse offered.
J. Lawrence Getz. No excuse offered.
Adam J. Glossbrenner. No excuse offered.
J. S. Golladay. No excuse offered.
James H. Goss. No excuse offered.
Joseph J. Gravely. No excuse offered.
Asa P. Grover. No excuse offered.
Charles Haight. No excuse offered.
Abxer C. Harding. No excuse offered.
Thomas Haughey. No excuse offered.
Isaac R. Hawkins. No excuse offered.
James Hinds. No excuse offered.
William S. Holman. No excuse offered.
Samuel Hooper. No excuse offered.
Benjamin F. Hopkins. No excuse offered.
Julius Hotchkiss. No excuse offered.
Asahei. W. Hubbard. No excuse offered.
IlicnARD D. Hubbard. No excuse offered.
James M. Humphrey. No excuse offered.
Morton C. Hunter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. My colleague,
Mr. Hunter, is detained at home by serious
illness in his family. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
•James A. Johnson. No excuse offered.
Alexander H. Jones. No excuse offered.
Thomas L. Jones. No excuse offered.
Michael O. Kerr. No excuse offered.
betnuel M. Kitchen. No excuse offerea.
J. Procter Knott. No excuse offered.
George V. Lawrence. No excuse ofiered.
Benjamin F. Loan. No excuse offered.
John A. Logan. No excuse offered.
Rurus Mam-ory. No excise offered.
Samc*!' S- Mabssull. No excuse offered.
