3498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
some reason or other; but I never inquire the
reason. So far as regards the gentleman's not
intending to submit to such things, I never
have made any remark to him that would have
offended the most sensitive person in this
House, unless he desired to become offended.
This is all I have to say in reference to that
matter.
Then, sir, I repeat what I said before; with-
out intending to say that the gentleman repre-
sents anybody—if he prefers that term I will
say lie represents nobody—there are only about
three houses that are represented. But then
I will take it he represents nobody. If I can
understand myself, my intention is to try and
do what is best for the whole country, and
when there are hundreds and hundreds of
manufacturers who would be injured by adopt-
ing the gentleman's amendment, and but three
firms in the United States who would be ben-
efited by it, I think there is something in what
1 have said. Now, so far as frauds are con-
cerned, frauds may be committed no matter
how wo fix the law, but frauds are as easily
committed in plug tobacco put up in boxes
as in this kind ot tobacco, and it does seem to
me that the objection should be taken in refer-
ence to plug as well as to line-cut. And when
I saw an objection taken in regard to line-cut,
which affects the interests of the manufacturers
of the whole West, I thought I was justified in
saying that, the advocacy of this proposition
was only the advocacy of the interests of these
three firms, and that was all I meant by it, and
that is all 1 have got to say on the subject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GiilSWOLD. I renew it. I do not
propose to diffef at all from the decision ar-
rived at by the Committee of Ways and Means;
but I cannot consent to have the idea put for-
ward that the interest intended to be reached
and protected by the amendment offered by my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is utterly
unworthy of consideration. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] if he does
not know that the parties claiming this pro-
tection, claiming that large packages should
be applicable to both, or that small packages
should be applicable to both, are not as insig-
nificant as he would represent?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not say they are insig-
nificant. I know they are large manufacturers.
Mr. GiilSWOLD. I simply desire to say that
these three firms whose interests are affected by
this discrimination between different classes or
sections of manufacturers pay one tenth of the
whole amount, of revenue that is collected from
tobacco in this country. I maintain that it is
perfectly right and proper for some one upon
this floor to represent so large an interest as
that; and if I had not been a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and had not
agreed with the committee in its decision, I
myself would have offered the very amend-
ment which the gentleman from Ohio has
offered and spoken in behalf of these men who
cotne here and simply ask this House to put them
upon the same footing as others, either give
them the right to use large packages, or else
take that right from those who have it.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
a few words upon this question, and I do not
see any occasion for any particular heat or
excitement. It is exceedingly natural that any
dealers which have a particular mode of busi-
ness by which they make a large amount of
money, and the effect of which if the law were
arranged as they desire would give them a
monopoly of the trade, should seek to have
the tax bill framed in accordance with their
interests. I do not complain of those gentle-
men for seeking this benefit or advantage, but
I should complain, and I think with justice, if
this House should assent to any such wishes at
the cost of destroying the business of all other
manufacturers who do their business in a dif-
ferent mode. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Giuswou)] says that these gentlemen
only want the same privileges that other manu-
facturers have. Why, Mr. Chairman, allman-
ufacturers are by this bill placed upon exactly
the same footing. They have, precisely the
same privileges under this bill. They can put
their tobacco up in two, four, eight, or sixteen
ounce packages, or they can put it up in ten,
twenty, forty, or sixty pound kegs. All stand
on an equality.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Has it ever occurred to
the gentleman how many more stamps ittakes
on these small packages than on,a ten-pound
package ?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir, it has; andlheman
who puts his tobacco up in these small pack-
ages and goes to the additional expense of
these small packages intends to make his profit
by such proceeding. He does not do it for the
benefit of the Government. The revenue to
the Government, the amount paid upon the
tobacco, is precisely the same whether it is put
up in small or large packages, and when a
manufacturer selects the small package mode
of doing business he intends to make his profit
by it. If he did not be could put it into forty-
pound kegs and use but one stamp. It is not
for the benefit of the Government, but for the
interest of his own trade. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says how easy it is to
refill large packages. Sir, I know that. How
easy it is to refill whisky barrels. If a man is
desirous of defrauding the Government of rev-
enue, how easy it is to refill any large package.
The same objection applies to every other kind
of goods, wares, and merchandise that are con-
tained in large packages ; it is not particularly
incident to tobacco any more than it is to any
other large parcel or thing that the Govern-
ment desires to impose an excise upon.
The question then arises, what is best for
the business of the country, and what will pro-
tect best in every direction the revenues of the
Government, and at the same time conform to
all the various interests of business in the dif-
ferent parts of the country and not ati-y partic-
ular class alone ? Suppose thattobacco manu-
facturers in Chicago, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and
all over the West have a particular mode of
packing their merchandise. Now, is it right
that because tobacconists in the city of New
York have a different mode of doing their busi-
ness, therefore the tax laws of these United
States shall be made so as to fit the business
of the city of New York at the expense of all
the western States? Is there any right prin-
ciple involved in that? It seems to me there
is not.
I now ask the Clerk to read, as a part of my
remarks, a letter which I received from some
of my constituents. I will indorse the charac-
ter of the gentleman who writes it, and who is
engaged in this business. I ask to have it read
simply because I want this committee to un-
derstand this conflict of interest, so far as the
business is concerned, and there is in reality
nothing that to any extent involves the interest
of the Government in the collection of its reve-
nue. And I ask to have this letter read as pre-
senting this conflict of interest better than I
can do it, and I ask the attention of the House
to the letter. There is another reason why I
feel authorized to ask the attention of the House
to this letter. There has been placed upon my
desk, and upon the desk of every other mem-
ber here, a printed circular urging the views of
these eastern manufacturers and attacking the
mode of doing business in the West.
The Clerk read as follows:
Chicago. June 15,1868.
Hon. N. B. Jcdd. M. C.
Dear Sie; We have just learned of an effort now
being made by New York capitalists to secure an
amendment to the new tax bill for tobacco, which we j
bolieve and can prove would work to tho destruction !
of our interests and our business, and wo hasten to i
ask your attention and influence is opposition to j
their efforts. j
We refer to the attempt to have the proposed bill j
altered to precludo tho packing of fine-out tobacco |
in kegs of ten, twenty, and thirty pounds each, and
necessitate its patting up in one ounce toil packages |
only. And first, we will say that this provision was ■
argued before the Committee ot Ways and Means by
these parties while wo were in convention at Wash-
ington in January last,at which time our arguments
prevailed, as is shown by the bill as reported by the
committee. To rename these arguments briefly, we
will say:
First. The present system of packing fine-cut la
bulk has grown from experience, and as the trade
increases so fast does the sale of foil packages de-
crease. „ ., .
Second, Tobacco is fresher, is more easily Kept
sweet, can be moistened by. the retailer, and ean be
sold cheaper, as less labor is expended in its manu-
I'/urd. Tho present lii^h esteem in which western
fine-cut is held is the result of these advantages.
Against tho proposed amendment we urge,
First.. It requires an immense and unnecessary
change in our manufacturing facilities. t.
Second. Oar fine-cut tobacco is by a peculiar pro-
cess of cultivation and curing deprived of certain
vegetable and chemical constituents, which are able
to preserve it from "musting" in warm weather.
It was first introduced by western manufacturers
in the bright-colored anddelicat.e-flavored cutwhich
in a fair business competition has driven out all the
old. dark, rank cuts of the eastern manufacturers.
To illustrate its advantage we would speak of the
superiority of Havana tobacco, containing only two
per cent, of nicotine—the poisonous and delete-
rious principle of tobacco—over tho western growth
of seed-leaf, containing over fourteen per cent, of
nicotinc; so our western fine-cuts, containing so much
less of this deleterious principle, are in greater lavor
than tho heavy, fat, dark cuts of the Bast. And it
was in those samo eastern cuts that tobacco earned
its reputation of hiirmfulness and unhealthiness.
Tho absence of these makes our fine-cuts more
perishable, and our experience—and we assort the
same of all our neighbors—has shown us that we can-
not put up these tobaccos in foil, except in the cold
months, without its spoiling, unless we soak tho
tobacco with unpleasant and deleterious drugs. A
careful couipaiison of figuresatourconvention indi-
cated that less than an hundredth part of oar west-
ern fino-cutwasputinfoilduringthe last year, avory
sure indication, prima facie that such a style is
unadapted to our goods.
Third. We see no reason why the Governmen tcan-
not be protected without this feature.
By the proposed law a chock is put upon those
entering our business with the purpose of defraud-
ing by larger bonds.
So, also, by the small-package system in smoking
tobaccos, which can be made withoutsltill, and which
form the chief work of the dishonest, this oppor-
tunity is denied them. Bat fine-cut manufacture
requires peculiar skill, and cannot be taken up by
every one ; hence needs no more especial protection
than does the plus manufacture, which is allowed in
bulk boxes.
Fourth. The proposed change would necessitate
immenso purchases of tin- toil, which is handled by
only one or two houses in New York, and whose
stock could be bought up entirely byNew ¥ork cap-
italists to prevent our supplies coming until their
goods should flood our country and, by necessity,
supplant our trade.
We believe thismoveisbeing urgedbya New York
ring for tlicir own profit and aggrandizement, under
the specious claim of giving increased protection to
the revenue.
We learn that they have sent a Government agent
over tho country, who, on his return, asserts that he
has the assent of Chicago, Detroit, Toledo, and other
western cities to theamendment. Yet wc have never
seen him, nor has any of our neighbors, and we are
a unit in asking protection against this attempt to
drive us out of our trade. Concerning the general
piovisions of tho proposed law, we can only express
our approbation. We have already asked a reduc-
tion of tax on the leat smoking tobacco—-the poor
man's only harmless luxury—and trust our petition,
already presented and referred, will be answered.
In conclusion, we ask your assistance in this meas-
ure, and trust the passage of the bill will, while it
favois none, prove the piotectiou of the honest man-
ufacturer'and thedestruction of thehopo.s of all dis-^
honest cutters.
Accept our warm wishes for your health; and
believe us, yours, very respectfully.
Mr. .IUDD. After the various manufac-
turers have assembled in convention, and by
compromise agreed upon the form and mode
of doing business under the revenue laws, and
when that mode has met the views of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means so that they have
reported their bill in accordance with such
arrangement, is it good faith for a portion of
those same manufacturers so agreeing to come
to this House and ask to have that agreement
violated, the work of the committee overruled,
all for the special benefit of their trade and not
in the interest of the Government? I cannot
believe for one moment that this House will
sanction such an attempt.
Mr. GiilSWOLD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. PILE. I renew it, for the purpose of
saying that the adoption of the proposition to
strike out that portion of this provision which
relates to twenty, forty, and sixty-ponnd pack-
ages will have the effect, until new factories
are established and until the process of manu-
facture can be changed in the West, to transfer
this manufacture from the West and Southwest,
