2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
he camped on it fifteen days. Yet the truth is
that the Panoche Grande, as claimed in the
original description, is entirely destitute of
water, unless it be alkali water. There is no
place on those three leagues of land, if located
where it was supposed to be in the outset,
where a man could camp fifteen days. So that
Castro must be guilty of perjury in making the
statement that he camped on this Panoche
Grande for fifteen days.
But-there is another fact to which I want to
call attention. This man Gomez was poor.
He says in the petition which he pretends to
have presented to the Governor of Mexico that
he wants this land—for what? For agricul-
tural purposes. Yet you cannot raise a hill of
corn on that which they pretended in the first
place was this tract of land. Hear what he
" Desiring to devote my,self to the interesting pur-
suit of agricultui e. which isof such vital importance
to .this department, attd which, as yet, is in its in-
fancy, I pray your excellency to be pleased to con-
cede me in property the place known by the name
of Panoche Grande,'" &c. * * * * *
"In view of what I have set forth, I pray your ex-
cellency to be pleased to lake my petition into con-
sideration,-in order that in this way I may obtain
the means necessary for the support of my large
tamily."
Yet on these three or four leagues of land you
would not be able to raise white peas. And
the proof is that from 1844 down to 1852~5o he
never saw it, never thought of this thing, until
there was supposed to be some value attached
to it.
Now, these are substantially the points in
this case : first, that I here is fraud in the claim ;
and next, that there is fraud in its location.
The map which I have before me shows where
the northern boundary of the Panoclie Grande
is as they first claimed it; and where they
claim it now, to cover these quicksilver mines,
is forty miles south of where the location should
have been according to the original description.
. Now,these are the facts, it may be disputed
upon the other side, but still it is conceded
substantially that this patent is a fraud, because
if it be not a fraud, then, as I have already
said, the legal title is in Gomez or his heirs.
Besides, the committee keep out of view one
point, which shows that there was fraud in the
inception of this patent and fraud in its con-
summation. This case went from the board
authorized by the act of 1851 to settle these
claims into the Supreme Court of the United
Slates. At that time Mr. Pacilicus Ord was
the United States district attorney in the State
of California. Mr. Ord becomes half owner
of these four leagues of land; and alter that
commences another fraud. 1 call it a fraud,
because the Supreme Court of the United
States say that Ord was guilty of a fraud. He
goes into the courts and winks at the reversal
of the decision of this board of commission-
ers ; and this is the decision referred to by
gentlemen of the committee when they say
that there was a decision at one time in his
favor. It was a decision obtained without ar-
gument. The United States was not repre-
sented, because the district attorney, the officer
whose duty it was to represent the United
States, was interested against the United States,
he being the owner of one half of this land.
The title for one half was in Ord; yet gentle-
men do not think it necessary that these parties
should even go through the formality of getting
Ord to reconvey the title to Gomez.
Notwithstanding one half of the title was
conveyed to Pacificus Ord, the United States
district attorney, in utter disregard of the
tine conveyed by Gomez to Pacificus Ord, this
man Gomez sold the title to the whole grant
to McGarrahan for $1,100. If 1 thought it
proper, 1 might state what was the consider-
ation for winch this grant was conveyed by
Gomez to McGarrahan.
llere is another evidence of fraud. Gomez
could not hold one half of the grant and Pa-
cificus Ord could not hold one half of the grant
and at the same time Gomez could not convey
the whole g.ant to McGarrahan. It is all pre-
tense and nothing else.
After this thing had slept for four or five
years, the attention of the Attorney General
of the United States was called to it. Pro-
ceedings were instituted. They battled for
years, until finally this case was decided on
its merits. For fifteen years it baffled the
courts of the United States. The Supreme
Court of the United States finally decided
against the grant.
Now, what, do the committee say in their
reports. In the first session of the Fortieth
Congress, the Judiciary Committee say, as a
general rule, the decisions of the court should
be final. I suppose so.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask for five minutes
more.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield five min-
utes more to the gentleman.
'Mr. VAN WYCK. They say that as a gen-
eral rule the decisions of the Supreme Court
should be final. 1 suppose ill all cases where
the rights of property are concerned we all
acknowledge the decisions of the Supreme Court
should be final. Whatever we may think of
the decisions of the Supreme Court on politi-
cal questions, I suppose their decisions upon
the rights of property and other questions
are binding upon the American people. They
say as a general rule that the decisions of the
Supreme Court should be final; they should be
binding upon questions of the rights of prop-
erty.
Now, the Supreme Court has said that this
is a fraud. They say that the conduct of
Pacificus Ord was fraudulent. Let us see
what is the record. The court examined fully
into the merits of the case, having all the facts
before them, and what do they say? I will
read it from the Supreme Court reports:
" Regarding the case as regularly before the court,
it becomes necessary to examine the merits of the
claim. Some suspicion attaches to theclaim because
it is made for four leagues of land, whereas- the only
document introduced in support of it, which is of the
least probative force, represents the original claim-
ant as having asked for but three leagues. Docu-
ment referred to purports to be the petition of the
claimant to the Governor, and there is appended to
it the usual inf6rme ,* but there is no concrssion or
grant, nor is there any satisfactory evidence that any
title of any kind was ever issued by the Governor to
'the elaima.nt. He states in his petition to the land
commissioners that he obtained the map in the
record from the proper officers of the department;
but the alleged fact is not satisfactorily proved. Four
witnesses were examined by the claimant before the
land commissioners, but only one of the number pre-
tended that he had ever seen the grant; and lnsstnte-
ments are quite too indefinite to be received as satis-
factory proof.
" Instead of proving possession under the grant it
is satisfactorily shown that he never occupied it at
all; and it is doubtful if he ever saw the premises
during the Mexican rule. Land commissioners re-
jected theclaim, but before it came up lor hearing
in the district court his attorney had been appointed
district attorney of the United States; and the
proofs show that he conveyed two leagues of the land
to the district attorney. Circumstances of the con-
firmation of the claim in the district court are fully
stated in the opinion of this court, given when the
mandate was revoked and recalled. Comment upon
those circumstances is unnecessary, except to say
that the confirmation was fraudulently obtained."
Now briefly, Mr. Speaker, these are the facts
of the case. We have fraud on the part of
Gomez ; fraud on the part of Pacificus Ord,
the United States district attorney; fraud
on the part of all the persons mixed up with
this matter, and on the decision of the case by
the court of last resort on its merits the whole
grant was repudiated.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I regret
very much that I have to take the responsibil-
ity of casting a vote in this case. It is a con-
test. between citizens of the State from which
I am a Representative. It is one of a class of
cases which have given more trouble in our
State than anything else which has ever an-
noyed our people. But I cannot "dodge" my
responsibility. I am here as a Representative,
and I must do my duty.
The Committee on the Judiciary have ex-
tended the courtesy to me to allow me to attend
in the committee-room to hear the argument;
and I have come to the conclusion that the
claimant, Mr. McGarrahan, is right in his
claim; and so I shall have to vote. In answer
to remarks which have been made I say that,
whether Gomez was the owner of this land or
not, he gave to the claimant a deed for a valu-
able consideration. As lawyers understand it,
that makes him the owner against all parties,
except the Government of the United States.
That deed was obtained by McGarrahan long
before the New Idria mine was discovered or
taken possession of. Then as against that
company and that class of claimants McGar-
rahon's claim is a bona fide one, leaving the
United States out. So far as the Government
of the United States is concerned, it simply
gives McGarrahan his title as it would give it
to any other claimant. So that question is
disposed of.
Now, in answer to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Boutweli,,] I do not know
whether the departmental assembly has affirmed
the claim of Gomez. I do not think that it is
pertinent to the question. It is in evidence,
as I understand from the report, that the ar-
chives were taken by the Americans at Mon-
terey and destroyed, so that the proof could
not be made. 1 apprehend, however, that suf-
ficient proof was given before the commission
to satisfy that commission that the depart-
mental assembly had confirmed the title, be-
cause they especially rejected the claim, not
upon the ground which was considered a good
and sufficient one at that time, but upon the
groundthat Gomez had never taken possession.
They say that his claim is valid ; that he has com-
plied with all the requirements of the law in all
i things except in the one particular of taking pos-
session. That is evidence to ray mind that the
claim had been confirmed by the departmental
assembly. That is enough to satisfy me on
that point.
Then as to the district attorney. The gen-
tleman last on the floor [Mr. Van Wyck]
makes the statement that the district attorney,
while in the vindication of the rights of the
United States against this claim, corruptly took
one half of the claim and confirmed the whole.
Now, such a statement does not accord with
the facts in the case. Mr. Ord was not dis-
trict attorney when he made this purchase,
but he took one half of the claim, as the evi-
dence discloses, for his attorney fees and other
considerations, some four or five years before
he became district attorney of the United
States. And when he was made district at-
torney he notified the Attorney General that
he was an owner in this claim and could not
prosecute it. He therefore requested the ap-
pointment of special counsel in the case. The
Attorney General was satisfied that Mr. Ord
would do right in the matter, and told him to
go ahead. He refused to remove him. So Mr.
Ord went into court and the judgment was
affirmed. Now, sir, there is no corruption
about that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON. One minute more.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 de sire to have
the previous question seconded, as the hour is
about out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to allow me to move to recommit.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the
previous question. I will yield to gentlemen
after that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will hear me perhaps he will allow my
motion.
Mr. ^ ILhON, of Iowa. The gentleman
proposes to recommit.
Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois. With in-
structions.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I decline.
Mr. HIG BY . Will the gentleman yield me
a part of his hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
On seconding the previous question, there
were ayes 55, noes 83; no qaorota voting.
