1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4523
Thou liast inspired the people of this land to
come to right decisions ; and we hail the be-
ginnings ot' peace and prosperity, which we
believe, through Thy blessing, will be stable
and enduring. And now we commend unto
Thee those whom, through the people of this
country, Thou hast chosen to soon rule over us.
May their lives and their health be precious in
Thy sight! 0 God, preserve them, we pray
Thee, from any attempted violence or injury,
and suffer not the country to be brought again
to the hour of mourning, as it onee was, by
violent hands. Preservethem, and bless them
in all their private as well as their public rela-
tions. Remember all our rulers and legislators,
all who are controlling the destinies of this
great land. Be Thou the teacher of them all,
the inspirerof their minds and the sanctilierof
their hearts, that this country may be brought
speedily under the complete control of those
principles for which Jesus died, and for the
establishment of which He rose again and now
reigns on high. The Lord accept this our
morning offering, for Jesus' sake. Amen.
The SPEAKER. The recess havingexpired, 1
the House of Representatives resumes its ses-
sion. Iftherebeno objection the reading of
the Journal of the last day's session will be
dispensed with. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is so ordered. The Clerk will now read
the concurrent resolution under which this ad-
journed session is held.
ji The Clerk read as follows:
!; " Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the
;: two Houses adjourn to-day the President of the Sen-
lj ate and Speaker of the House of Representatives
| j adjourn their respective Houses until two We o'clock
<j noon on tholGfhdayof October, 1868; and that they
ii then, unless otherwise ordered by the two Houses,
li further adjourn their respective Houses until the
ji 10th day ot November, 1868, at twelve o'clock noon;
and then, unless otherwise ordered by the two Houses,
they further adjourn their respective Houses until
the first Monday of December, 1868, at twelve o'clock
noon."
The SPEAKER. As the time designated
in the concluding part of this resolution is the
day on which the third session of the House of
I^epresentatives of the Fortieth Congress will
by law commence, an adjournment to day, un-
less otherwise ordered, will be an adjournment
without day of the second session of the For-
tieth Congress.
Mr. KELLEY. X move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
concurrent resolution adopted by the two
Houses of Congress, I declare the second ses-
sion of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress adjourned without day.
