«1*
OPINIONS FILED UNDER THE ORDER OF THE SENATE.
Ordered, That when tlie Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next, at eleven o'clock, a. ra., for the purpose of deliberation, under the rules
of the Senate, sitting on the trial of impeachments, and that on Tuesday next following, at twelve o'clock in., the Senate shall proceed to vote without debate on
the several articles of impeachment; and each Senator shall be permitted to file within two days after the vote shall have been so taken his written opinion, to bo
printed with the proceedings.—In Senate, Thursday, May 7,1868.
OPINION
OP
HON, LYMAN TRUMBULL.
To do impartial justice in all things apper-
taining to the present trial, according to the
Constitution and laws, is the duty imposed on
each Senator by the position he holds and the
oath he has taken, and ho who falters in the
discharge of that duty, either from personal or
party considerations, is unworthy his position,
and merits the scorn and contempt of all just
men.
The question to be decided is not whether
Andrew Johnson is a proper person to fill the
presidential office, nor whether it is fit that he
should remain in it, nor, indeed, whether he
has violated the Constitution and laws in other
respects than those alleged against him. As
well might any other fifty-four persons take
upon themselves by violence to rid the coun-
try of Andrew Johnson because tliey believed
him a bad man as to call upon fifty-four Sen-
ators, in violation of their sworn duty, to con-
vict and depose him for any other causes than
those alleged iu the articles of impeachment.
As well might any citizen take the law into his
own hands, and become its executioner, as to
ask the Senate to convict outside of the case
made. To sanction such a principle would be
destructive of all law and all liberty worth the
name, since liberty unregulated by law is but
another name for anarchy.
Unfit for President as the people may regard
Andrew Johnson, and much as they may desire
his removal, in a legal and constitutional way,
all save the unprincipled and depraved would
brand with infamy and contempt the name of
any Senator who should violate his sworn con-
victions of duty to accomplish such a result.
Keeping in view the principles by which, as
honest men, we are to be guided, let us inquire
what the ease is.
The first article charges Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, with unlaw-
fully issuing an order, while the Senate was in
session, and without its adviee and consent,
with the intent to remove Edwin M. Stanton
from the olfice of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, contrary to the Constitution and
the " act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices,1' passed March 2, 1807. It will be
observed that this article does not charge a
removal of the Secretary, but only an intent to
remove, which is not made an offense by the
tenure-of-office act or any other statute; but,
treating it as if the President's order had been
obeyed, and an actual removal had taken place,
would such removal, had it been consummated,
have been a violation of the Constitution irre-
spective of the tenure-of-office act? The ques-
tion of the power to remove from office arose
in 1789, in the First Congress which assembled
under the Constitution, and except as to offices
Supplement—21.
whose tenure was fixed by that instrument,
was then recognized as belonging to the Pres-
ident; but whether as a constitutional right, 01-
one which the Congress might confer, was left
an open question. Under this recognition by
the Congress of 1780, every President., from
that day till 1807, had exercised this power of
removal, and its exercise during all that time
had been acquiesced in by the other depart-
ments of the Government, both legislative and
judicial. Nor was this power of removal by
the President exercised only in the recess of
the Senate, as some have supposed, but it was
frequently exercised when the Senate was in
session, and without its consent.
Indeed, there is not an instance on record
prior to the passage of the tenure-of-office act,
in which the consent of the Senate had been
invoked simply for the removal of an officer.
It is appointments to, and not removals from,
office that the Constitution requires to be made
by and with the advice ana consent of the
Senate. It is true that an appointment to an
office, when the appointee becomes duly quali-
fied, authorizes him to oust the prior incum-
bent, if there be one, and in that way effects
his removal; but this is a different thing from
a simple removal. The Constitution makes 110
distinction between the power of the President
to remove during the recess and the sessions
of the Senate, nor has there been any in prac-
tice. The elder Adams, on the 12th of De-
cember, 1800, the Senate having been in session
from the 17th of November preceding, in a
communication to Timothy Pickering, used
this language, "You are hereby discharged
from any further service as Secretary of State."
Here was a positive dismissal of a Cabinet
officer by the President, while the Senate was
in session, and without its consent. It is 110
answer to say that President Adams the same
day nominated John Marshall to be Secre-
tary of State in place of "Timothy Piekering,
removed."
The nomination of a person for an office
does not, and never did, effect the removal of
an incumbent. And such incumbent, unless
removed by a distinct order, holds 011 till the
nominee is confirmed and qualified. The Sen-
ate might never have given its advice and con-
sent to the appointment of John Marshall, and
did not in fact do so until the following day.
The removal of Pickering was complete before
Marshall was nominated to the Senate, as the
message nominating him shows ; but whether
this was so or not we all know that a person in
office is never removed by the mere nomination
of a. successor.
Thomas Eastin, navy agent at Pensacola,
was removed from office by President Van Buren
on the 19th of December, 1810, while the Sen-
ate was in session, and the office the same day
placed temporarily iu charge of Dudley \Valker,
and it was not- till the oth of January following
that George Johnson was, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appointed
navy agent to succeed Eastin.
June 20, 18G4, and while the Senate wap in
session, PresidcutLineoln removed Isaac Hen-
derson, navy agent at New York, an officer
appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and placed the office in
charge temporarily of Paymaster John D.
Gibson.
Isaac V. Fowler, postmaster at New York ;
Samuel P. Marks, postmaster at New Orleans ;
and Mitchell Steever, postmaster at Milwaukee,
all of whom had previously been appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
were severally removed by the President dur-
ing the sessions of the Senate in 18G0 and 18G1,
the offices placed temporarily in charge of spe-
cial agents, and it was not till some time after
the removals that nominations were made to
fill the vacancies.
Other cases, during other Administrations,
might be referred to, but these are sufficient
to show that removals from office by the Pres-
ident during the session of the Senate have
been 110 unusual thing in the history of the
Government. t
Of the powerof Congress to define the ten-
ure of the offices it establishes and make them
determinable either at the will of the President
alone, of the President and Senate together,
or at the expiration of a fixed period, I enter-
tain no doubt. The Constitution is silent on
the subject of removals except by impeach-
ment, which it must be admitted only applies
to removals for crimes and misdemeanors ;
and if the Constitution admits of removals in
110 other way, then a person once iu office would
' hold for life unless impeached, a construction
j which all would admit to be inadmissible un-
\ der our form of Government. The right of
! removal must, then, exist somewhere. The
' First Congress, in the creation of the Depart-
; inent of Y/ar, in 1789, recognized it as exist-
! ing in the President, by providing that the
■ chief clerk should perform the duties of the
; principal officer, called a Secretary, "when-
ever the said principal officer shall be removed
from office by the President of tlie United
States, or in any other case of vacancy." Under
this act the power of the President to remove
the Secretary of War, either during the recess
or session of the Senate, is manifest. The
! law makes no distinction iu that respect, and
' whether it, was an inherent power belonging to
■ the President, under the Constitution as Pres-
( ident, or was derived from the statute creating
! the office, is not material so far as relates to the
power of the President to remove that officer.
| This continued to be the law until the pas-
| sage of the tenure-of-office act, March 2, 1807 ;
, and had the President issued the order for the
removal of the Secretary of War prior to the
i passage of that act, it would hardly be con-
| tended by any one that, in so doing, ho violated
any law constitutional or statatory. The act
