1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3499
where tobacco is raised, to those cities where
these establishments are now located which
put up tobacco exclusively in small packages.
I repeat, what lias already been well said, that
there is 110 more danger of fraud in connection
with these small packages of fine-cut chewing
tobacco than there is in plug tobacco. And
barrels of whisky that have been stamped and
branded can be as easily refilled or supplied as
barrels of smoking tobacco. I hope there will
not be such an unjust provision put in the law
as will wipe out all manufactories of tobacco
in the West, for the present at least, and
transfer all that business to these large cities
of the East.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PILE. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that there is no difference in the
opportunities for fraud between fine-cut tobacco
and plug tobacco. I would ask him if there is
not this difference: plug tobacco is manufac-
tured in large screw presses, by the use of costly
processes, while fine-cut tobacco is manufac-
tured in a small way. In the one case, where
such large establishments are concerned, a fraud
can easily be detected; in the other it cannot.
1 think there is a difference.
Mr. PILE. It is easy for the manufacturer
of plug tobacco to enter into collusion with the
dealer. The manufacturer can send small
quantities of plug tobacco to the retail dealer
to fill up and replenish a half-empty box as
easily as a barrel of fine-cut tobacco can be
filled and replenished. I can see no difference
between the two, so far as the opportunities for
fraud are concerned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask consent
that the debate on this section be closed. Rut
before doing so, as I have been so specially
referred to by my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
I desire to make a remark in reply. I thought
that our fury had been exhausted upon whisky;
it generally rises upon that; but it seems that
smoke and fire can come from tobacco as well.
I see no necessity at all for any feeling in this
matter. I will eontent myself with stating
what the facts are; I have before stated them
in part. All the different interests of tobacco
in the United States, being well represented
from the different establishments large and
small, and the different cities, met together in
January. Among the questions about which
they were very much divided was this of put-
ting up tobacco in small packages or in large
wooden packages. The western interest gen-
erally, and I believe I may say universally,
with the exception of a firm in Detroit, pre-
ferred to be allowed to go on and use the large
packages. The eastern interest desired that
the law should be so changed as to require the
* use of small packages. I myself believed then,
and I believe yet, that there would be some-
what greater security to the Government in the
production and collection of its revenue, if the
packages were all small. And I believe the
time will come when we shall come to the use
of the small packages, and when they will be
as anxious for that rule in the West as in the
East. This matter has been carried to such a
point abroad, in other countries, that they have
got to the production of very small packages,
much smaller than in this country.
But the trade in this country does not seem
to be generally prepared for that plan; they
have different modes of putting up tobacco. I
have thought it expedient and wise legislation
to do the best we could to secure the revenue
of the country, and at the same time, as far as
practicable, to do it without shocking the trade
too much by changing the modes of doing the
business. Therefore, after consideration and
examination, I yielded my preferences to the
opinions of the committee, and came to the
conclusion that at this time it would be well to
make a few large packages permissible in order
to satisfy the trade in that direction, while in
the general we required the use of small pack-
ages. Now, there is a new scheme set up of
which we have heard nothing until the last few
days. It is now said that the eastern men will
be injured unless they are allowed to put up a
great number of small packages inside of an
exterior wrapper, and have a single stamp put
upon the outside wrapper instead of having a
stamp upon each separate package.
Now, as I said before, 1 think there would
be more opportunities for fraud in connection
with the large wooden packages than in con-
nection with the small packages. But I think
the plan proposed by this other proposition
would be capable of still greater abuse. All
things considered, therefore, trying to accom-
modate my views to what seems to be a gen-
erally fair conclusion, embracing a concordance
of the greatest number of opinions, I have come
to the conclusion to stand by this bill just as it
is upon this subject, and just as it was agreed
upon by general consentall around at the time
it was made. I now ask that all debate upon
this section and the amendments thereto be
closed.
No objection was made ; and debate was
accordingly closed.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Garfield, anditwasnotagreudto.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 68. And be it further enacted, That every person
before commencing, or, it'already coramenced.before
continuing the manufacture of tobacco orsnuff, shall,
in addition to a compliance with all other provisions
of law, furnish, without previous demand therefor,
to the assessor or assistant assessor of the district
where the manufacture is to be carried on, a state-
ment, in duplicate,subscribed under oath or affirma-
tion, accurately setting forth the place, and if in a
city, the street and number of tho street where the
manufacture is to bo carried on; the number ofcut-
ting-maebmes, presses, snuff-mills, hand-mills, or
other machines; the name, kind, and quality of the
article manufactured or proposed to be manufac-
tured; and if the same shall be manufactured for,
or to be sold and delivered to, any other person, as
agent, or under a special contract, the name and
residence and business or occupation of the person
for whorft tht^said articlo is to be manufactured, or
to whom it is to be delivered ,- and shall give a bond
in conformity with the provisions of this act, to be
approved by the collector of the district, in the sum
of $2,000, with an addition to said sum of $3,000 for
each cutting-machine kept for use, of ipl.000 lor each
screw-press kept for use in making ptu? or pressed
tobacco, of $5,000 for each hydraulic press kept lor
use, of 31,000 for each snuff-nnli kept for use, and
of$l,000 foreaeh hand-mill, or other mill or machine,
kept for tho grinding, cutting, or crushing of tobacco;
that he will not engage in any attempt, by himself
or by collusion with others, to defraud the Govern-
ment of any tax on bis manufactures; that he will
render truly and correctly all the returns, state-
ments, and inventories prescribed by law or regula-
tions ; that whenever he shall add to the number of
cutting-machines, presses, suufi-mills, hand-mills, or
other mills or machines, as aloresaid, he will imme-
diately give noticc thereof to the collector of the
district; that he will stamp, in accordance with law,
all tobacco and snuff inanutactured by him belore he
offers thesameor any partthereof forsale, and before
he removes any part thereof from the place of man-
ufacture ; that he will not knowingly sell, purchase,
expose. 01-receive for sale any manufactured tobacco
or snuff which has not been stamped as required by
law; and that he will comply with all the reuuire-
ments of law rolating to the manufacture of tobacco
or snuff. And the sum of the said bond may bo in-
creased from time to time, and additional sureties
required by the collector, under the instructions of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And every
manufacturer shall obtain a certificate from the col-
lector of tho district, who is hereby authorized and
directed to issue the same, setting forth the kind and
number of machines, presses, snuff-mills, hand-mills,
or other mills and machines, as aforesaid, for which
the bond has been given; which certificate shall be
posted in a conspicuous place within the manufac-
tory. And any tobacSo manufacturer who shall
neglect or refuse to obtain such certificate. or to keep
the same posted as hereinbefore provided, shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than 8100 nor more than
$500. And any person manufacturing tobacco or
snuff of any description without first giving bond as
herein required, shall, on conviction, be fined not
less than $1,000 normore than $5,000, and imprisoned
for not less than one year nor more than five years.
And the working or preparation of any leaf tobacco
or tobacco stems, scraps, clippings, or waste, by sift-
ing, twisting, screening, tieing, or any other process
shall be deemed manufacturing.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to strike out the
following:
That he will stamp, in accordance with law, all
tobacco and snuff manufactured by him before he
offers the same or any part theieof for sale, and
before he removes any partthereof from the place of
manufacture.
Mr. Chairman, I "do not offer tills amend-
ment with any view of permitting anybody to
manufacture goods and not to stamp them. I
know one manufacturer whose manufactory is
miles away from his store-house. I know that
he pays a large amount to the collector of
internal revenue in a neighboring State, while
his snuff is brought in barrels to his store in
Philadelphia. Now, sir, I will repeat that I
have no idea of permitting any goods to go
unstamped; but for the convenience of the
manufacturers in any part of the country, situ-
ated as this one is, 1 ask why we should oblige
them to stamp their goods in the State or other
locality where they are made, thus paying a
tax, and then to have them brought to their
warehouses to be broken up to be put into
these smaller packages and restamped? I
also would like the chairman of the commit-
tee [Mr. Schexck] to inform me how it will
be possible to put upon these small packages
of two, four, six, and eight ounces the Gov-
ernment stamp and then the name of the man-
ufacturer and other labels required by the
provisions of this bill. It seems to me they
would be literally covered with stamps and all
kinds of devices.
Mr. SCHENCK. There did not seem to be
any difficulty with the manufacturers when they
were here. Stamps can be engraved small
enough for the smaller packages. The great
ditliculty is to prevent the tobacco beingcarried
about unstamped. When it is so carried we
make it prima facie evidence it has not paid
any tax. I do not think we ought to change
the general rule for a single case.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to strike out i: offers
the same or any part thereof for sale."
This docs not call upon him to pay the tax
until he sells the tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is put upon tlie same
ground as the tax on whisky.
The amendment was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 09. Andbe it farther enacted. That within thirty
days after the passage ot this act every manufacturer
of tobacco and suuif shall place and keep on the side
or end of the building within which his business is
carried on, so that it can be distinctly seen, a sign
with letters thereon, not less than tliiec inches in
length, painted in oil colors or gilded, giving his full
name and business. Any person neglecting to com-
ply with the requirements ot this section shall, on
conviction, bo lined not less than $100 nor moro
than S500.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows :
Sec. TO. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of every assistant assessor to keep a record,
in a book or books to be provided for the purpose, to
be open to the inspection of any person, of the name
and residence of every person engaged in the manu-
facture of tobacco or snuff in his division, the place
where such manufacture is carried on, and the num-
ber of tho manufactory; and the assistant assessor
shall enter in said record, under the name of each
manufacturer, acopyof every inventory required by
this act to he made by such manufacturer, and ail
abstract of his monthly returns; and each assessor
shall keep a similar record for the district, and shall
cause the several manufactories of tobacco or snuff
in his district to be numbered consecutively, which
numbers shall not thereafter bo changed.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows :
Sue. 71. And be it further enacted,That every per-
son, now 01- hereafter engagedin the manufacture of
tobacco or snuff, shall make and deliver to the assist-
ant assessor of the division a true inventory, in such
form as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, of the quantity of each of tho differ-
ent kinds of tobacco, snuff-flour, snuff, stems, scraps,
clippings, waste, tin-foil, licorice, sugar, gum, and
other materials held or owned by him on the 1st day of
January of each year, setting forth what portion of said
goods and materials, and what kinds, were manufac-
tured or produced by him, and what was purchased
from others; which inventory shall be verified by Ins
oath or affirmation; and the assistant assessor shall
make personal examination of thestock sufficient to
satisfy himself as to the correctness of theinventory,
and shall verify the factofsnch examination by oath
or affirmation taken before the assessor, to be in-
dorsed on or affixed to the inventory; andeverysuch
person shall keep a book orbooks, theformsof which
shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and enter therein daily au accurate account
of all the articles aforesaid purchased by him, tne
quantity of tobacco, snuff, and siiufl-iiour, steins,
scraps, clippings, waste, tin-foil,licorice,sugar, gum,
and other materials, of whatever description, wheth-
er manufactured, (and it plug tobacco the nuMbeioi
not pounds of lumps made 111 the himP-room, and
tho number of packages and pounds producedm the
