1868.
Tfil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
Mr. NICHOLSON. Is'itin order to move
to reconsider during a division?
The SPEAKER. Tellers were ordered. A
motion to reconsider has priority of all other
questions except the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BOTLER, I withdraw the amendment
if it is going to raise any opposition.
The amendment wflSj by unanimous consent,
withdrawn.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COVODE. I renew the demand.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
E. V. BROOKFIELD.
On motion of Mr. EGGLESTON,by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of E. V. Brookfield, former prisoner
of war, copies being left on file.
CORNELIUS S. HAMILTON, DECEASED.
Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Scrgeant-at-Arms be directed
to pay to the order of the widow of Cornelius b.
Hamilton, deceased, late a member of this House
from the eighth congressional district of Ohio, the
amount of compensation that would have been due
to him on the Gth day of February, 1868.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGENTS, ETC., 06' TUB TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Uewlved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House tho number of general
and special agents in the Treasury Department, tho
number of agents and inspectors in the internal rev-
enue service, tho compensation of such agents and
inspectors and where doing duty.
Mr. UPSON. We have that information
already returned and printed. I therefore
object.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 move
to reconsider the vote by which the House yes-
terday ordered to be printed the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury in regard to the
Pacific railroad.
• The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered on the Journal.
NARRATIVE OF EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
On motion of Mr. BALDWIN, by unani-
mous consent, joint resolution (S. R. No. 114)
directing that the Government of Great Britain
be supplied with certain volumes of the narra-
tive of the exploring expedition, was taken
from tue Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution directs the Librarian of
Congress to deliver to the Secretary of State a
set of Dana's Crustacea, being volumes thirteen
and fourteen of the Narrative of the Exploring
Expedition under Captain Wilkes, to be deliv-
ered by the Secretary of State to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain.
Mr. BALDWIN. This joint resolution has
been considered by the joint Committee on the
Library, and action of Congress is necessary
in order to secure the delivery of these books.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. .
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the
■ vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN HARBORS.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous
consent, the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 95)
authorizing the Light-House Board to place
warnings over obstructions at the entrance of
harbors or in the fair-way of bays and sounds,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the reconstruction bill returned from the
Senate, for the purpose of non-concurring in
the amendments of the Senate, and asking a
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
not yet expired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By unan-
imous consent it can be done.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
IIORATIO G. RUSS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of this House to the widow of Horatio G. Russ,
a sum equal to his salary to the end of December.
1867. and also his proper funeral expenses.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. PILE, an extension of
leave of absence was granted to Mr. Garfield.
APPROPRIATION FOR INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois.. The gen-
tleman whose committee is next in order on
the call waives liis portion of the morning
hour; and I move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 819) making
partial appropriations for the expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations.
The bill was read through for information,
and the Clerk then proceeded to read it by
paragraphs for amendment.
The first paragraph of the bill was read as
follows:
That the following sums be, and they are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, to be
expended under tho direction of the commissioners
authorized by the act of July 20,1867, entitled, "An act
to establish peace with certain hostile Indian tribes,
for purchase and distribution of seeds, agricultural
implements, tools, provisions, blankets, and clothing,
and not otherwise.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to strike out that
paragraph, and I do so in opposition to the
general character of this bill. The whole char-
acter of this bill is inconsistent with the his-
torical policy of this Government as illustrated
by the State* of Massachusetts. When the
chief of the Indian tribes in that Common-
wealth sent the usual challenge of a sheaf of
arrows, Bradford, then Governor of Massachu-
setts, returned the compliment with a rattle-
snake's skin filled with gunpowder and balls.
That opened hostilities.
That policy, which is the radical policy of
the white man, has been pursued up to this
moment with great success in Massachusetts.
It is the only policy admissible logically with
the position that the white race holds on this
continent at this day. There is no other pol-
icy consistent with wisdom, honor, or economy.
Now, if this bill, coming as it does from one
of the warriors of Massachusetts, is the snake
skin filled with powder and ball, historic, in
the annals of his State, thrown to the Indian
tribes of America, then we know what will fol-
low. But, according to the wording of this
bill, it is a mission of peace ; it is limited to
the purchase of agricultural implements, tools,
provisions, blankets, and clothing.
Now, what is our position to-day in face of
the savages upon our border? In the absence
of any official statements upon that subject the
reports floating through the country are to the
effect that we have been checked there, if not
defeated. The heroes of the war of the rebel-
lion have been outmaneuvered and outwitted by
the savages by the exercise of those peculiar
artifices of war which they have practiced
against the white man since he first put his
foot on this continent; yet, in face of that in-
formation—which I hope will be modified here-
after by statements to the contrary—this House
is called upon to make an appropriation in
pursuit of peace.
We, the people of the United States in Con-
gress assembled, with the record p.gainst us,
are going to the red man to sue for peace with
the implements of peace, when he has hurled
at us nothing but defiance and war. The gen-
eral policy of this bill unexplained cannot re-
sult in anything but persistent, eternal, dread-
ful warfare upon our borders. It is the craven
purchase of quiet which Rome, in its down-
fall, sought from the barbarians. Savage
though they be, ignorant of the arts of the
printing press, ignorant of these very imple-
ments which you so generously offer them,
they will, in a majority of cases, spurn to re-
ceive them. We come forward and promise
to them what they do not want and know not
how to use. For what? For their benefit?
Does the wily savage measure our proposi-
tion by our interests or by his own? Would
he accept this as a gift, a bribe, or a threat?
If he receives it as a bribe he should withdraw
from his attitude of defiance. If he receives
it as a bribe we should have some guarantee
that he is worthy the purchase. If he receives
it as a threat we should be sure that in giving
to these men the implements of peace we are
giving to our own men a double assurance of
support in the field by the increase of our
Army. The force which we have sent there
has failed; hence this proposition.
Wo have endeavored, byevery process known
to civilization, to draw into the family of na-
tions these outlying barbarians on our border,
yet they still adhere to their old customs, to
their love of idleness, to their preference for
the pursuits of the chase and the implements
of war over the implements of husbandry and
tho pursuits of peace. These savages are not
ours, except wc capture them. No bureau
organized, with all the skill of past experience
with regard to another race and another color,
will shackle the red man in his hostile efforts
to break down our efforts to proceed beyond
the border.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Doesthegentlemanknow
that this bill is to fulfill treaty stipulations with
some twenty tribes who have always been
friendly to tho whites?
Mr. CHANLER. I am glad to be informed
on that point. The gentleman representing
the border can speak for the border. I am
speaking of the general policy of the past, and
shall only yield my defense of that policy to
statements broad and full, such as the gentle-
man has just made, and such as he must es-
tablish by proof. It is very well known that
in every State, as we have advanced in our
process of civilization, we have had to imbed
i this fossil barbarian within the amber of our
own civilization. It never has been absorbed.
It refuses to be amalgamated. To-day one of
its most distinguished chieftains, the head of the
Six Nations, in their day the most powerful
civil and military organization that the red men
reared in the northern continent of America,
stands as an isolate exception to tho habits of
his own race in the State of New York. This
is a fact, based upon the pasbions and preju-
