06
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOB®.
December 7,
called, for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence to their appropriate committees.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire to submit a propo-
sition to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object; and call for
the regular order. 1
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to lay on the table the resolution re-
. ported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the motion to lay on
the table is not carried will it then be in order
to move a postponement of the consideration
of this subject?
The SPEAKER. That motion will then be
in order. .
Mr. INGERSOLL. That will be the next
in order?
The SPEAKER. It may not be the next
motion in order; but that motion will then be
in order. !
Mr. LOGAN. I move a call of the House; i
and upon that motion I call for the yeas and
nays. _ j
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there
were—nyes twenty-seven.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. KELSEY called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Logan
and Robinson were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 33, noes 67.
So, one fifth voting in the affirmative, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon ordering
a call of the House ; and it was decided in the
■ negative—yeas 46, nays 98, not voting 43 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Baker,
Benjamin, Benton. Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
ChurehiH, Cobb, Cobnrn, Covode, Eckley, Ela, Hard-
ing, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hunter, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kolley, Kelsey, William Lawrence, Loan, Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Maynard, MeClurg, Mullins, New-
coipb, O'Neill, Ortb, Pile, Sehenck, Shanks, Aaron P.
Stevens, Stokes, Thomas/Trimble, Trowbrid*e, Kob-
ext T. A'an Horn, Ward, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, and Stephen P. Wilson—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Deles R. Aihley,
Ax tell. Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Bingham,
Boyer, Brooks. Bucklana, Burr, Cary.Chanleri Reader
W. Clarke, Cook, Cnllom, Dawes, Dixon; Dodge,
Driggs, Eggle§tou. Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrciiner, Gol-
laday. Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Haigbt, Halsey,
"Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard 1).
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Koontz, Xaflin, George V. Law-
rence, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Moorhead,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn,Paine,
Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Price,
Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stone,
• Taber, Taylor, Upson, Vu Aernam, Van Aukcn,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn. EJihu B.
Wushburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—98.
'* NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Butler,
Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Donnelly, Finney,
Fox, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Jones, Kitchen, Lincoln,
Lynch, Mallory. Marshall, Mercur, Miller, Mooro,
Morrell, Morrissoy, Myers, Poland, Pomeroy, Ran-
dall, Raiim, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Thaddeus
.Stovens, Stowart, Tali'e, Twichell, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Windorn, and Wood—13.
So the motion that there be a call of the
House was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and ask to have read to the House a para-
graph I have marked in the paper I now send
to the Clerk's desk.
_ The SPEAKER. There is already a ques-
tion of privilege pending before the House.
No other question of privilege can be enter-
tained, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SPALDING and others objected.
Mr. LOGAN. I now renew my proposition
to the House: that if the minority, those in favor
pf impeachment, are allowed ten minutes in
which to discuss this question, and give their
reasons for what they are now doing, they will
withdraw all further opposition to a vote upon
this question.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. SAWYER. Oh, give them ten minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. I will not give them a
single minute now.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I move that the House
now adjourn; and upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
TJie yeas and nays were Qvdered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 40, nays 100, not
voting 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Covode, Eckley, Farnsworth, Harding, Higby,
Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Maynard, MeClurg, MulUns,
Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Pile, Schenek,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stovens, Stokes, Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Thomas
Williams, and William Williams—4C. .
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnurn,
Beaman, Beck, Gingham, Blaise, Boyer, Brooks,
Btckland, Burr, Cary, Chanler. Reader W. Clarke,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston,
Ela, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferris, 1 erry. Fields, Garfield,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold,
Grover, llaight, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard. Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
KMcham, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Mungen,
Siblacfe, Nicholson, Nunn, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Phelps. Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Sit-
greaves. Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Taylor, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Auken.Van Trump,Van Wyok, Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Elihu B.Washburne, Henry D.Washburn,Wil-
liam B.Washburn,Welker, James F.Wilson, JohnT.
Wilson, Woodbridge, and Woodward—iOfi.
N OT V OTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnes, Blair. Cake,
Cook, Cornell, Donnelly, Finney, Fox, Halsey, Hoop-
er, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones,
Kitchen, Lynch, Mallory, Mercur Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Morrissey, Pomeroy, Raum, Scofield, Selye,
Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Twichell,
Burt Van Horn, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, |ind
Wood—35.
So the motion to adjourn.was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I f'the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa] will with-
draw the motioa to lay on the. table and allow
the vote to be taken under the previous ques-
tion on the resolution, of the minority, we will
withdraw further opposi.tion.and allow the vote
to betaken.-
Mr. WARD. All we want is a square vote.
, Mr. LOGAN. We will make 110 opposition
at all if gentlemen will give us a square vote
on impeachment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In order to end
this contest I am willing, if the gentleman will
not object to seconding the previous question
and ordering the main question, to withdraw
the motion to lay on the table, so that a vote
may be taken immediately upon the resolution
reported by the majority of the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, sir. I only wish
to say further, if the gentleman from Iowa will
allow me, that 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table has been withdrawn, and the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is in possession of
the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa that a vote be taken on both
propositions, so as also to lay the subject on
the table.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table, and move the pre-
vious question on the resolution of the major-
ity of the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, before the vote is
taken, to say just one word 
Several Members, No, no.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan?] *
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir. I under-
stood the gentleman's proposition to be this:
that if I would withdraw the motion to lay on
the table no further opposition would be made
to coming at once to a vote on the resolution
of the majority of the committee. I propose
to accept that proposition, and. I therefore with-
draw the motion to layon the table and demand
the previous (question on the resolution reported
by the majority of the committee.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to make a statement;
it is certainly not debate. The proposition
of the gentleman is perfectly satisfactory. I
desire to take no advantage of him. We have
the power to obstruct the taking of a vote as
long as we choose; a sufficient number of
members are willing to do it. We have been
refused the right of saying one word on this
question ; but hereafter we shall tike an oppor-
tunity to give our views to the House. I assent
to the gentleman's proposition that the vote be
now taken on the resolution under the previous
question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I suppose we shall come immediately to a vote.
The previous question was seeonded and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution reported by the majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United Statei.be impeached of high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the yeas
and pays.
The yeas and Days were ordered.-
The SPEAKER. Before the Clerk proceeds
with the call of the roll th£ Chair will state, as
he did day before yesterday, that any manifest-
ations of approval or disapproval of this vote
in the galleries will be followed by the expul-
sion of the persons in the galleries or of that
portion where the disorder occurs.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 108, not voting
2'2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, James M. Ash-
ley, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broqmall. jButlcr, Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cttvode, Culloqi, Donnolly, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth,
Gravely, Harding, Iligby, Hopkins, Hunter, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard. MeClurg,
Mercur, Mullins, Myers, Neweomb, Nuna, O'Neill,
Orth, Piine, Pile, Price, Schenek, Shanks, Aaron F.
Stevens. Thaddetis Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Thomas
Wijliams, Wijliam Williams, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum. Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Cary, Chanler, Cook, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Garfield, Get*. Glossbrenxier, Golladay, Griswold,
Grover, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Hawkins. Hill,
Holman, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
lvetcham, Knott, KoonU, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, .McCullough,
Miller, Moorhead, Morgan, Mungen.Niblack, Nich-
olson, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Boss,
Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taylor, Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, AVelker, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnes, Blair, Cake, Cor-
nell, Finney, Fox, Jenckes, Kitchen, Mallory, Moore,
Morrell, Morrissey, Pomeroy, Raum. Scofield, Selye,
Shellabarger. Taffe, Twichell, Burt Van Horn, Win-
dom, and Wood—22.
So the resolution was rejeoted.
During the vote,
Mr. LAFLIN stated that Mr. Cornell vr&p
paired with Mr. Cake, and that the latter
would vote for while the former would vote
against impeachment.
Mr. COvODE stated that bis colleague,
[Mr. Morrell,] who was compelled to leave
the city, requested him to state that if present
he would vote for impeachment.
Mr. MYERS stated that being prevented
from offering a resolution censuring the Presi-
dent he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. HULBURD stated that his colleague
[Mr. Van Horn] was detained from the
House by the illness of a member of his
family.
Mr. BROOMALL stated that Mr. Scofield
was detained from the House by the sickness
