1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 26,
dices of race, stronger thau the arguments of
intellect or the force of arms.
If, then, this bill is intended as a peace
offering to men of peace, it must be supported
by solid and positive proof that it is in the in-
terest of the white man. I will waive debate
oil that question until it is answered. So far
as I have heard, no statement upon that point
has been made to this House previous to the
one which has just been made by the gentle-
man from Dakota, [Mr. Burleigh.]
Now, sir, why is this change proposed in the
control of Indian affairs? The subject was up
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress. We have from
time to time appropriated through the Interior
Department sums for this identical purpose. I
maintain that if the statement made by the
gentleman from Dakota is true it is unreason-
able and inconsistent, without the most cogent
reasons, to take from a civil bureau the distri-
bution of funds among friendly Indians. If
these be friendly Indians, as the gentleman
states, a good reason must be given why these
appropriations, heretofore distributed among
friendly tribes bv the Indian department, should
be expended by a commission partly military
and partly civil. Why should this fund be put
under the control of commissioners of peace
sent to pacificate those tribes lately at war with
us? It may be that satisfactory reasons can
be given for this measure; but 1 have not yet
heard any.
Sir, there is a glaring inconsistency in bring-
ing this bill before the House in view of the
retrenchment system so popular and so thor-
oughly practiced within the last few days in
this House. A scientific department of this
Government, the Navy, the Army, the Coast
Survey, have all been made to fall down before
this spirit of retrenchment. Men employed in
honest labor, citizens of this Government, who
sustain it by taxation, who defend it in war,
and by the exercise of every right of freemen
carry on the system of government underwhich
we live, have, by a system of retrenchment
wholesale and ruthless, been driven from the
navy-yards of this country. You have stopped
building ships and preparing for the defenses
of the Government.' You have taken upon
yourselves the responsibility, under the lead
of the Committee on Appropriations, of cut-
ting off the channels of maintaining the fami-
lies of the white race, in order that the economy
which controls this departing political power
shall not only be advertised in the press, but
be ground into the bone and marrow of the
poor. You have put your heel with all the
force of party organization upon the back of
the white laborer 
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a point of order.
This is a bill for appropriating certain moneys
to the Indians. It has nothing to do with the
white laborers of this country.
Mr. CIIANLER. That is undoubtedly
exactly what the gentleman thought when he
introduced the bill; but his mind must expand.
A limited intelligence outside of this House
improves by experience.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chasleb] will suspend his
remarks. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] raises the point of order that
the gentleman from New York is not speaking
to his amendment. The gentleman from New
York will confine his remarks to his amend-
ment, which is to strike out the first paragraph
of the bill.
Mr. CHANLER. I will do so. I will follow
the ruling of the Chair. I support the Chair.
I always do. And, sir, I hope this House will
support the white man. The Chair is a white
man. [Laughter.]
I argue, sir, upon the principle (which I
maintain is logical and just) that when an ap-
propriation bill is before us the question of the
appropriation of money by this committee, past,
present, and future, is a fairquestion for debate
for the purpose of ascertaining whether we can
spare this money and whether the particular
appropriation proposed is consistent with the
policy we have pursued in these appropriations.
I have touched upon that, and nothing else.
If the Committee on Appropriations propose
to appropriate money for the purpose contem-
plated in this bill they are bound to answer to
this House and to their constituents why they
have been in pursuit of such rigid retrench-
ment heretofore.
That, sir, is my argument. Why, then, has
the Committee on Appropriations curtailed the
expenditures of the Government in every other
department, and now come here with a com-
mission appointed for war purposes and ask
us to appropriate money through that war com-
mission for peaceful Indians ? Turn this thing
over and look through it, and it is nothing more
than an appropriation of money wrung from
the white laborer for the purposes of keeping
up the red men. And yet we are told that it
is not in order for the Representatives of the
people to speak of the additional oppressive
burdens imposed upon tax-payers! It is pro-
posed I shall be stopped in debate upon the
wrong of taxing white men to pay red men.
When, sir, did any such principle spring up
on this floor until it was introduced here by the
distinguished hero of all the cities of the Union,
who flies, upon the wings of his own imagin-
ation—for he could be carried by nothing
else, so swift has been his flight, and so heavy
is he—from New Orleans to New York in one
effort? He must be under the special protec-
tion of Mercury, the god of eloquence and
other things. Now, with another flight he is
upon the far borders to make up a peace com-
mission. The god of war he deserts, and now
enlists under Mercury. But it will require the
historic ability of the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, all his legal acumen, all
his historic fame, from the earliest period of
his coming into this House up to the present
moment, to prove that a man is out of order
upon this floor who speaks in behalf of white
men, and against white men being taxed to
pay red men. I hope I will not be interrupted.
My argument, I believe, is legitimate, and, if
necessary, I can prove every fact.
Now, sir, is this an economical appropria-
tion? That is the question. I say it is not.
Another question. Is there any overruling
necessity for the passage of this act at this
time? 1 say it is neither economical nor neces-
sary.
Another point. Now, sir, is not the civil
officer heretofore charged with this duty dis-
charging it faithfully? All theseare questions
underlying this whole matter. Then there is
another question, whether you will take this
money from the white laborer or reduce the
amount paid to the Ereedmen's Bureau and
convert it from use for one class of colored
men to use for another class of colored men to
meet the necessities of the case. The idea of
economy runs through it, permeates it, makes
it what it is. But it is not an economical
measure. Certainly the Committee on Appro-
priations, which is the most economical body
on the face of the earth, would otherwise never
report it! Therefore it must be an economical
measure. There is no extravagance except
that of their imagination. So far as the inter-
ests of the people are concerned, North and
South, East and West, the most rigid adherence
is compelled to the most stringent rules of
economy. They carry the principle of econ-
omy to its magnificent fulfillment!
Now I demand, however, this question shall
be looked at from an economical point of view
by this House befoie the bill is pafteed. If this
is for peaceful Indians, against whom we have
no question of war, can there be the least
shadow of reason for taking it from the civil
officer, who is an officer of peace? And my
opposition to this bill and my undertaking to
draw the attention of the House to its charac-
ter arise from the answer I received yesterday
from the gentleman who introduced the bill.
My consideration is in good faith. I have no
opposition to any effort that will bring the
peaceful Indians within the influences of civil-
ization. I make no attack upon the existing
policy and the justice of a great Government
like this being extended toward the half-civil-
ized creatures whom God has placed upon the
earth in common with ourselves. I believe this
Government owes a great duty to the Indian
tribes. I believe the policy heretofore pursued
is liable to severe criticism. I am willing, on
a full, fair, and broad statement of the facts,
to go on and add to the strength of the labor
of this country by increasing the number of its
citizens from abroad.
I am further willing to recognize onr duty
toward these Indians as wards of the Govern-
ment, these ancient proprietors^ of the soil,
whom we, from a conviction, of justice as in-
vaders of their soil, have immemorially treated
with a consideration sometimes more than
was considered their due. In one word, I
am not opposed to the Indian race, nor to
any race. I would see the development of
our form of Government as the emblem of
our civilization carried among them if it were
possible, and I greet with pleasure the tokens
of capacity for self-government in some of
those tribes in giving a new language and per-
haps a new literature to the world, as among
the Cherokee's,
But, sir, the question comes back to, the
stand-point at the origin of this debate. Why
transfer this matter from the bureau of a civil
officer to a commission appointed in the sum-
mer to establish peace with certain hostile In-
dians? I maintain that this section must be
stricken out or explained, or the bill deserves
to be defeated. It is inconsistent, it is unjust
either to the officer who has charge of this de-
partment, or to the people of this country,
who believe that the organized system under
which these Indians are managed and con-
trolled is based upon some principle of jus-
tice and reason. This question has not been
brought before the country through the press
or the ordinary channels of notification and
advertisement. It should be, as I stated be-
fore, plainly shown that this innovation in re-
gard to the manner of distributing this money
justifies the violation of the principle of econ-
omy heretofore practiced in every other de-
partment of this Government.
With these remarks I yield to the gentleman
from Dakota, who has requested me to give
him an opportunity to make some statements
011 this subject.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Chairman, I have
very serious objection to this bill as it stands,
for this reason. Some ten years ago there was
a treaty made with the Yancton Sioux tribe
by which they sold about nine million acres
of land to the United States, for which they
were to receive $1,600,000 in installments, i
find by turning to that treaty that it provides
that the moneys appropriated for their benefit
arc to be expended under the direction of the
President of the United States. I will read a.
portion of that section of the treaty:
"Making $1,600,000 in annuities in the period of
fifty years, of which sums the President of the Uni-
ted States shall from time to time determine what
proportion shall be paid to said Indians in cash, and
what proportion shall be expended for their benefit;
and also in what manner and for what objects such
expenditures shall be made, due regard being had
m making such determination to the best interest
of said Indians."
Now, this bill provides that that solemn
treaty between the United States and these
Indians shall be abrogated without their con-
sent, and that other parties than those named
in the treaty shall exercise the discretion of
expending this money. And I will say here
that a great deal of the difficulty that we have
had with our Indians in the Northwest has
arisen from a disregard of the treaty stipula-
tions on the part of this Government. I knew
that last year, when this commission went
out—and I say nothing against the commis-
sions, for I believe them to be made up of
men of ability and the strictest integrity, and
who have the best interest of the country at
heart into the Northwest to make treaties
with hostile Indian tribes, they undertook to
expend the moneys which had been appropri-
ated by Congress under existing treaty stipu-
