418
SUPPLEMENT TO
of March 2, 1867, was passed to correct tl>e
previous practice, and had there been no such
practice there would have been no occasion for
such a law. Did that act, constitutional and
valid as it is believed to be, change the law so
far as it related to a Secretary then in office,
by virtue of an appointment made by a former
President during a presidential term which
ended March 4,1865?
The language of the first section of the act is:
"That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any sueh office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold sueh office until a successor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified,
exceptashereinotherwiseprovided: Provided, That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of
thcNavy.andofthelnterior.thePostmaster General,
and the Attorney General, shall hold their offices
respectively for and during the term of the President
by whom they may have been appointed, and one
month thereafter, subject to removal by and with the
ttdviee and consent of the Senate."
Mr. Lincoln, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appointed Mr. Stanton
Secretary of War on the loth of January, 1802,
and commissioned him to hold the office "dur-
ing the pleasure of the President of the United
States tor the time being." He was never re-
appointed, either by Mr. Lincoln after his re-
election, or by Mr. Johnson since Mr. Lincoln's'
death. The continuance of Mr. Stanton in
office by Mr. Lincoln after his second term com-
menced, and by Mr. Johnson after Mr. Lin-
coln's death, cannot be construed as a reap-
pointment during that term, because the word
"appointed" in the tenure-of-office act must
be construed to mean a legal appointment,
which could only be made by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. The term of the
President by whom Mr. Stanton was appointed,
and the one month thereafter, expired nearly
two years before the passage of the tenure- of-
office act. It will not do to say that because
Mr. Lincoln was elected for a second term that
therefore the term of the President by whom
Mr. Stanton was appointed has not expired.
The feet that Mr. Lincoln was his own suc-
cessor in 1865 did not make the two terms one
any more than if any other person had suc-
ceeded him, and were he now alive the presi-
dential term during which he appointed Mr.
Stanton would long since have expired. But
Mr. Lincoln, in fact, deceased soon after his
second term, commenced, and was succeeded
by the Vice President, elected for the same
term, on whom the office of President was by
the Constitution devolved.
It has been argued that this is Mr. Lincoln's
term. If this be so, it is his second term, and
not the term during which Mr. Stanton was
appointed ; but if this be Mr. Lincoln's and not
Mr. Johnson's term, when will the "term of
the President" by whom Mr. Browning and
the other Cabinet officers appointed since Mr.
Lincoln's death expire? Mr. Lincoln never
appointed them, and it'they arc to hold " dur-
ing the term ot' the President by whom they
were appointed and for one month thereafter"
they hold indefinitely, because, according to
this theory, Mr. Johnson, the President by
whom they were appointed, never had a term,
and we have the anomaly of a person on whom
the office of President is devolved, and who is
impeached as President, and whom the Senate
is asked to convict as President, who has no
term of office. The clause of the Constitution
which declares that the President "shall hold
his office during the term of four years" does
not mean that the person holding the office
shall not die, resign, or be removed during
that period, but to fix a term or limit during
which he may, but beyond which he cannot,
hold the office. If he die, resign, or be re-
moved in the mean time, manifestly the term,
so far as he is concerned, has come to an end.
The term of the presidential office is four years,
but the Constitution expressly provides that
different persons may fill the office during that
period, and in popular language it is called the
term of the person who happens for the time
being to be in the office. It is just as impos-
sible for Mr. Stanton to now serve as Secretary
of War for the term of the President by whom
he was appointed as it is for Mr. Lincoln to
serve out the second term for which he was
elected. Both the presidential term of the
President who appointed Mr. Stanton and the
person who made the appointment have passed
away, never to return; but the presidential
office remains, filled, however, by another
person, and not Mr. Lincoln.
It being apparent that so much of the pro-
viso to the first section of the tenure-of-civil-
office act of March 2, 1867, as authorizes the
Secretary of War to hold the office for and
during the term of the President by whom he
was appointed is inapplicable to the case of
Mr. Stanton, by what tenure did he hold the
office on the 21st of February last, when the
President issued the order for his removal ?
Originally appointed to hold office during the
■pleasure of the President for the time being,
and, as has already been shown, removable at
the will of the President, according to the act
of 1789, there would seem to be no escape
from the conclusion that the President had the
right to issue the order for his removal. It
has, however, been insisted that if the proviso
which secures to the Secretaries the right to
hold their respective offices during the term of
the President by whom they may have been
appointed and for one month thereafter does
not embrace Mr. Stanton, because Mr. John-
son did not appoint him, that then, as a civil
officer, he is within the body of the first section
of the act and entitled to hold his office until by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate a
successor shall have been appointed and duly
qualified. Not so; for the reason that the body
of the first section can have no reference to the
tenure of an office expressly excepted from it
by the words " except as herein otherwise pro-
vided," and the provision which follows, fix-
ing a different tenure for the Secretary of War.
Can any one doubt that the law was intended
to make, and does make a distinction between
the tenure of office given to the Secretaries and
that given to other civil officers ? How, then,
can it be said that the tenures are the same, or
the same as to any particular Secretaries?
The meaning of the section is not different
from what it would be if instead of the words,
"every person holding any civil office," there
had been inserted the words marshal, district
attorney, postmaster, and so on, enumerating
and fixing the tenure of all other civil officers
except the Secretaries; and then had pro-
ceeded to enumerate the different Secretaries
and fix for them a different tenure from that
given to the other enumerated officers. Had
the section been thus written, would any one
think, in case a particular Secretary for some
personal reason was unable to avail himself of
the benefit of the law securing to Secretaries a
certain tenure of office, that he would therefore
have the right to the benefit of the law in which
Secretaries were not mentioned, securing to
marshals and others a different tenure of office?
The object of an exception or proviso in astat-
ute is to limit ortako something out of the body
of the act, and is usually resorted to for con-
venience, as a briefer mode of declaring the
objcct than to enumerate everything embraced
in the general terms of the act, and then pro-
vide for the excepted matter. The fact that
the terms of the proviso which fix the tenure
of office of all Secretaries are such that a par-
ticular Secretary, for reasons personal to him-
self, cannot take advantage of them, does not
operate to take from the proviso the office of
a Secretary, and the tenure attached to it, and
transfer them to the body of the section which
provides a tenure for holding office from which
the office of Secretary is expressly excepted.
The meaning of this first section will be still
more apparent by supposing a case involving
the same principle but wholly disconnected
with the one under consideration. Suppose
Congress were to day, May 16, 1868, to pass
an act declaring that "two terms of the dis-
trict court in every judicial district of the Uni-
ted States shall be held during the year 1868,
commencing on the first Monday of June and
November, except as herein otherwise pro-
vided; provided, that two terms of the dis-
trict court in each of the judicial districts in
the State of New York shall be held during
the year 1868, commencing on the first Mon-
day of April and September:" manifestly it
would at this time be as impossible to comply
with so much of the proviso as requires a
court to be held in the New York districts in
April, 1868, as it now is for Mr. Stanton to
serve out the term of the President by whom
he was appointed, which ended March 4,
1865.
Would that circumstance take the provision
for the New York districts out of the proviso,
and because, by the body-of the act, two terms
are required to be held in every judicial district
in the United States on the first Monday of
June and November, authorize the holding of
courts in the New York districts at those pe-
riods? It is believed that no judge would for
a moment think of giving such a construction
to such an act; and yet this is precisely the con-
struction of an act believed to be analogous in
principle which must be resorted to to bring
Mr. Stanton within the body of the first section
of the tenure-of-office act.
Laying out of view what was said at the time
of the passage of the tenure-of-office act, as to
its not interfering with Mr. Johnson's right to
remove the Secretaries appointed by his pre-
decessor, and the unreasonableness of a con-
struction of the act which would secure them
in office longer than the Secretaries he had
himself appointed, and fasten them for life on
all future Presidents,' unless the Senate con-
sented to the appointment of successors, the
conclusion seems inevitable, from the terms of
the tenure-of-office act itself, that the Presi-
dent's right to remove Mr. Stanton, the Sec-
retary of War appointed by his predecessor, is
not affected by it, and that, having the author-
ity to remove that officer under the act of 1789,
he did not violate either the Constitution or
any statute in issuing the order for that pur-
pose. But even if a different construction could
be put upon the law, I could never consent to
convict the Chief Magistrate of a great people
of a high misdemeanor and remove him from
office for a misconstruction of what must be
admitted to be a doubtful statute, and partic-
ularly when the misconstruction was the same
put upon it by the authors of the law at the
time of its passage.
The second article charges that the Presi-
dent, in violation of the Constitution, and con-
trary to the tenure-of-office act, and with in-
tent to violate the same, issued to Lorenzo
Thomas a letter of authority empowering him
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, there
being no vacancy in the office of Secretary of
War. There is nothing in the tenure-of-office
act, or any other statute, prohibiting the issuing
of such a letter, much less making it a crime or
misdemeanor. The most that can be said is that
it was issued without authority of law.
The Senate is required to pass judgment
upon each article separately, and eaeh must
stand or fall by itself. There is no allegation
in this article of any design or attempt to use
the letter of authority, or that any harm came
from it; and any Senator might well hesitate
to find the President guilty of a high misde-
meanor for simply issuing such a letter, al-
though issued without authority of law. The
proof, however, shows that the letter was
issued by the President in connection with the
order for the removal of Mr. Stanton, which,
as has already been shown, was a valid order.
The question, then, arises whether the Presi-
dent was guilty of a high misdemeanor in issu-
ing to the Adjutant General of the Army a
letter authorizing him, in view of the contem-
plated vacancy, temporarily to discharge the
duties of Secretary of War.
Several statutes have been passed providing
for the temporary discharge -of the duties of
an office by some other persou in case of a
vacancy, or when the officer himself is unable
to perform them. The first was the eighth
