2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
fusion about this case. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] said something
several times about a "patent." It seems to
be well settled that a patent cannot be attached
in an action of ejectment. I understand the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to say
that the equity of this case has never been
passed;-upon. I would like, for my part, to
know about that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This case, Mr.
Speaker, is not an attack upon a patent. The
United States have never issued any patent in
the" case at all. A patent was once prepared,
but its execution was stopped in a peculiar
manner, as was explained in the hearing before
the committee.
Now, as I have stated, the great body of the
evidence presented to the Committee on the
Judiciary has never been in any court what-
ever; rfnd when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutweia] undertakes to say,
reading from Judge Hoffman's opinion in the
case referred to in Hoffman's Reports, that
Gomez has there been impeached, and that
Abrigo stands in the same situation, and that
this ease rests upon no other testimony, it only
shows that the gentleman was right when he
stated that it has been so long since he investi-
gated the case that many of the facts have
passed from his mind. For Gomez has not
testified at all; Abrigo testified before the land
commissioner; but we have in the case the
evidence of some six or eight witnesses who
testify to a group of facts and circumstances
which make the case stronger than it was while
resting on Abrigo's testimony. Some of these
witnesses swear to the perfection of the grant,
and to having seen it before it was finally filed
among the archives, which were, it is alleged,
destroyed. Several witnesses testify to the fact
of having seen the papers and that Gomez had
the grant.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I would like to suggest another point.
It doubtless has not escaped the gentleman's
attention, but I have not heard him mention
it. It appears by the affidavit of J. Marno
Bonilla, secretary of the superior tribunal of
justice in Monterey, that Gomez, in 1844, ap-
plied to him for stamped paper, to be used in
procuring a title to lands ; and that in 1845 he
saw memoranda of grants of land, among
which was that of Panoche Grande to Gomez.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is referred to
in the report as one of the evidences of the
genuineness of this grant.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. And other grants founded
upon this grant are found among t.ke records.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It appears from
the testimony presented before the committee
that in two grants, one of which, certainly, has
been confirmed, the Panoche Grande is referred
to as their boundary, and the Panoche Grande
refers to them as one of its boundaries.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And those grants have
been confirmed?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. At least one of
them. I do not recollect as to the other.
Aft&x the confirmation of this grant by the
district court, McGarrahan purchased, in good
faith and for a valuable consideration, the title
from Gomez. Ord held an interest in it; but
McGarrahan, who was warred against by the
New Idria Mining Company in the name of
the United States, and was put to great expense,
paying all the outlay himself, finally required
Ord to transfer to him his interest by way of
remunerating McGarrahan for what he had ex-
pended, and now holds and owns the entire
title.
I have said that the party warring against
McGarrahan was the New Idria Mining Com-
pany, a party not known to the record in any
of the tribunals before which this case has been
tried until it reached the Judiciary Committee.
Before the committee the New Idria Mining
Company appeared as the real party, filing its
memorial; and from this memorial I haye in-
corporated into the report the following para-
graph:
"The real parties who contested the grant' were
your memoratists, for against them only were the
efforts of the owners of the Panoche Grande rarioho
directed. For tlieNew Idria mines, andfor the fruits
of the labor of those who have developed them, the
owners of the Panoche Urandc are now seeking con-
gressional interference in their behalf. It may well
he doubtod whether tbo Panoche Grande would ever
have been heard of in the district court of the United
States or in Congress but for the hope of robbing
your memorialists of the fruits of theiryears of labor
and vast expenditures of money."
Here we find first developed upon the record
the real party who, in the name of the United
States, has been resisting the claim of McGar-
rahan ; and, as is stated in the report of the
committee, that hidden party has used the
officers of the United States, the tribunals of
the United States, and the money of the Uni-
ted States to crush this man, to whom, as the
committee believe, this property should pass,
even without the payment of any money at all,
under the obligations imposed upon us by the
treaty of Gaudaloupe Hidalgo.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask why, then, do the committee propose
to require this man to pay $1 25 per acre for
the land ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state the
reason. The claimant asked to be permitted,
in pursuance of precedents heretofore estab-
lished by Congress, to purchase the land ; and
the committee thought this arrangement proper
enough, inasmuch as it avoids completely the
position assumed by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Wyck] and the gentleman
from- Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctiveix,] that we
are attempting to review and reverse the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court. We say, not-
withstanding the decisions of the court on this
case as imperfectly presented, we will not put
Congress in the position of reversing one of
its decisions; and, therefore, in view of the
great equities of the case, we propose to per-
mit this party to come in and purchase at
$1 25 per acre the land embraced in this grant,
thus doing at least partial justice, and avoid-
ing every appearance of attempting to reverse
the decisions of the«eourt.
Now, sir, I have no doubt, as I have stated—
and I do not think there is a doubt in the minds
of six other members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee—that under the treaty of Gaudaloupe
Hidalgo this claimant is entitled to this prop-
erty.
Mr. PRUYN. Without $1 25 per acre?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Without $1 25 per
acre; but we have recommended the relief
presented by the report for the reasons therein
stated.
I propose, inasmuch as wo have got rid of
these parties to the record of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to call attention
of the House to the testimony with regard to
the case quoted by my colleague on the com-
mittee from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
He says the Supreme Court laid down a rule
by which every party, claiming under these
Mexican grants must prove by record testi-
mony his entire chain of title. I do not so
understand it; but if it be so ruled by the court
it is no rule for us to follow; forwho ever heard
of a rule being so respected which deprives a
party, after he has explained the absence of
primary evidence and his inability to produce
it, the privilege of substituting the next best?
and that is what he has done in this case; but
his case does not rest entirely on the testimony
outside of the record. He has presented from
the Spanish archives, duly certified by the
keeper of the archives, the original petition for
this grant; the direction of the Governor that
the necessary investigation be made ; the re-
port of the officer to whom that was directed
to make investigation ; the report of the officer
having charge of the land department that there
were no reasons why the grant should not be
made. This all comes from the Spanish archives
now in the keeping of the United States; and
the remaining papers of the title were, it is
alleged, destroyed when a great portion of the
archives were destroyed by the troops of the
United States when they took possession of
Monterey. Therefore he has given the best sec-
ondary evidence he can command, and proves
by several witnesses that the grant was com-
plete ; that they had seen the grant; that
Gomez had once mortgaged the grant to One
of the witnesses for a certain sum of money,
and that it was finally placed in the archives
at Monterey, and presumed to have been de-
stroyed when the greater part of the archives
at Monterey were destroyed by our Army, as I
have already stated.
That is, in brief, the evidence upon which
the claimant rests his case. No matter how
bad Gomez is now; no matter how improperly
Ord may have acted ; if Ord acted fraudu-
lently and Gomez was a rascal, if the grant was
made as alleged, and this claimant has acted
honestly, he is entitled to the property.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to the fact that no one disputes
the archives were destroyed by fire.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. So I understand.
And furthermore, I may say in thatconnectiou.
that one of the counsel for the New Idria Mining
Company, who had been attorney for years in
this contest, was introduced before the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary, and he testified that he
believed the petition of Gomez was a genuine
document, and that he based his opinion on his
knowledge of the facts and circumstances con-
nected with the case of said Gomez against the
United States, which involved the validity of
the grant upon which this ease is based. That
is the statement of a gentleman, under oath,
who had experience of years, himself attorney
on behalf of the contesting party.
I will not occupy the time of the House in
going over all the circumstances of this case.
It, is a most remarkable case : one that is full
of romance, I might say, from beginning to
end. I have never in all my experience known
a party, single-handed and alone, so persist-
ently to assert his rights in opposition to what
seemed to be a combination between the Uni-
ted States and this quicksilver monopoly, the
interest controlling the production of quicksil-
ver on the Pacific coast. It appears in the testi-
mony and statements made before the com-
mittee that one of the great reasons why the
New Idria Mining Company has been so per-
sistent in its attempts to control this property
was that they had made an arrangement with
other parties by which all the quicksilver pro-
duced in California should be controlled by the
parties to the arrangement. And in this they
have been successful. And now that that ar-
rangement is about expiring, I am informed
another has been or is about to be entered into
by which this scheme shall be carried on in the
future, so that monopolists, if they succeed in
defeating this claim and in getting possession
of the property under their claim filed in the
land office of California, will control indefi-
nitely the product of quicksilver and its price.
Mr. IIIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. I understand by the report
that the committee find that the title to this
land is in the Government of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HIGBY. Well, then, why not let the
Government of the United States control it,
if it is so valuable?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will tell the gen-
tleman why. Under the act of I8CU it was
provided that per.-ons may enter mineral lands
at the rate of five dollars per acre. This New
Idria Company is made up of sundry individ-
uals. lliey have filed, according to representa-
tions made to the committee, claims to this
land under that act. covering three thousand
eet ot the quicksilver lode, and, as we were
informed, embracing nineteen hundred acres
ot land. Aow, how did thev do that? The
mining company is an artificial person—but
one person and under the act of 1866 would
be entitled to only two hundred feet of that
lode and a small amount of land adjoining.
u seems they have divided this artificial
person into as many persons as there are stock-
