1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
lations for the benefit of Indian tribes, instead
of allowing it to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President
I believe there is a law which provides, in the
case of the Yancton Indians and several other
tribes named, that no purchases shall be made
except upon the requisition of the superintend'
ent who has the immediate charge of those In-
dians, and he shall only make a requisition
after the goods shall be estimated for by the
Indians. It is important, especially with the
friendly tribes with which treaties have been
made in good faith on their part, that those
treaty stipulations should be regarded on our
part. It seems to me that the passage of this
bill without striking out the preamble would
be a direct violation of the treaty stipulations
between the United States Government and the
Yancton Sioux Indians and an outrage upon
these friendly tribes. I think it ought to be
stricken out. That is all I have to say.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of moving in the House to
close debate on this bill in fifteen minutes;
and also for the purpose of allowing a bill to
be taken from the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 819) making partial appropriation for
the expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forkey,
its Secretary, announced the adoption by the
Senate of the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas the House of Representatives on the 25th
day of the present month, by two of their members,
Messrs. thaddeus stevens and john A. bino/ham,
at the bar of the Senate, impeached Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, of high crimes
and misdemeanors in office, and informed the Senate
that the House of Representatives will in due time
exhibit particular articles of impeachment against
him and make good the same, and likewise demanded
that the Senate take order for the appearance of said
Andrew Johnson to answer to the said impeachment:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Senate will take proper order
thereon, of which due notice shall be given to the
Houso of Representatives.
The message was read at the Clerk's desk,
and ordered to be entered on the Journal.
lteconstruction.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 214) to amend the act passed March
23, 1867, entitled "An act supplementary to an
act to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States, passed March 2, 1867, and
to facilitate their restoration.''
Mr. PAINE. I move to concur in the
amendment of the Senate, and on that I de-
mand the previous question.
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That hereafter any election authorized by the act
passed March 23,1867, entitled "An act supplement-
ary to an act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States, passed March 2,1867, and
to facilitate restoration," shall be decided by a ma-
jority of the votes actually cast; and at tho election
in which the question of the adoption or rejection of
any constitution is submitted any person duly regis-
tered in the State may vote in the election district
where he offers to vote, when he has resided therein
for ten days next preceding such election, upon pre-
sentation of bis certificate of registration, his atii-
davit, or other satisfactory evidence, under such
regulations as the district commanders may pre-
scribe
sec * 2. And be it further enacted. That tho consti-
tutional convention of any of the States mentioned
in the acts to which this is amendatory may provide
that at the time of voting upon the ratification of
tho constitution the registered voters may vote also
for members of the House of Representatives of tho
United States and for all elective officers provided
for by the said constitution; and thesamo election
officers who shall rnako the return of the votes oast
on the ratification or rejection of the constitution shall
enumerate and certify the votes cast for members of
Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Would
ifc be now in order to move to refer this bill
and amendment to the Committee on Recon-
struction ?
The SPEAKER. It would not, pending the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the Senate amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 32, not voting,
615 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Jatnes M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Buckland, Butler, G'ary, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Co-
vode, Cullom, Dixon, Bodge, Driggs, Eekley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Griswold,
Harding, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Jenckos,
Judd, Julian, Keisey, Kctcham, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridgc, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Polsley, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
waladcr C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne,"William
B. Washburn, Jauaes F. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum,
Boycr, Brooks, Clianler, Fox, Get?,, Glossbrenner,
Goiladay,Grover, Holman, Hotel) kiss, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Loan, Marshall, McCormick, Morgan, Nib-
lack, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, lr>tone, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Thomas
Williams, and "Woodward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Bailey,
Beatty.Beck, Benjamin,Benton, Burr, Cake.Coburn,
Cook, Dawes, Donnelly, eih, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Finney, Garfield, Haight, Haisey, Hawkins, Higby,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,'Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones,
Keiley, Kitchen, Maliory. Maynard, McCullough,
Miller, Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland. Pomeroy, Robertson,Rob-
inson, Selye, Shanks, Shollabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Stewart, Taber, Henry D.Washburn, Welker, William
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Winclom, Wood, and
Woodbridge—-61.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new mexico election contest.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House evidence in contested-elec-
tion case in New Mexico; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
appropriations sou indian department.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order. And pending
that motion I move that all general debate
upon the pending appropriation bill be closed
in fifteen minutes after its consideration shall
be resumed by the committee.
The motion to close general debate was then
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
the CommiJjfee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the AVhole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Scofield in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 819, making partial appropria-
tions for the expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
that all general debate upon this bill shall term-
inate in fifteen minutes.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Chanler, to strike out the first
paragraph of the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the following sums be, and th ey are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, to be
expended undor the direction of the commissioners
authorized by the act of July 20,1867, entitled "An
act to establish peace with certain hostile Indian
tribes," for purchase and distribution of seeds, agri-
cultural implements.'tools, provisions, blankets,and
clothing, and not otherwise.
Mr. BUTLER. I now yield ten minutes of
the time allowed for general debate to the gen-
tleman from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to amend
the paragraph, before the question is taken upon
the motion to strike it out, by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the commis-
sioners aforesaid to investigate, under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed, by the Secretaiy of the
Interior, the claims of all persons who allege that they
have lost property or sustained damages by reason
of depredations committed since the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1864, by any of the Indian tribes or members
thereof with whom peace conferenceshavebcenheld
or may hereafter be held, and to make such awards
for depredations and damages as shall be in accord-
ance with equity, justice, and good conscience, such
awards to be assessed against tho tribe or tribes tho
members of which shall have been proven to have
committed the depredations forwhich such damages
or awards may be allowed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
practicable after said commissioners have completed
their investigations they shall submit to Congress a
report of the awards made by them as aforesaid,
together with all the evidence upon which such
awards for damages are allowed, which awards, whon
approved by Congress, shall be paid by the Secretary
of the Interior out of any funds due, or to become
due, from the United States as annuity or otherwise,
to any tribe or tribes the members of which shall
have committed the depredations for which said
awards shall be made.
Mr. BUTLER. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is out of order, as it pro-
poses independent legislation.
Mr. ROSS. I object to this amendment
unless provision be made to pay to the Indians
what the Kansas people stole from them.
There have been great depredations committed
on the Indians by these Kansas people.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
not debatable. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and overrules the amendment.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by striking out the first paragraph of the bill
and inserting what I send to the clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to strike out
the first paragraph is already pending.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move, then, to
amend tbe amendment by inserting in lieu of
the paragraph proposed to be stricken out the
following:
JBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the commission provided for by the
first section of the act to establish peace with certain
hostile Indian tribes, approved July 20, 1867, be. and
the same is hereby, dissolved; and such of the duties
imposed on said commission us have not yet been
fully performed shall be discharged by the officers
and agents of the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BUTLER. I must raise the point of
order that this amendment proposes inde-
pendent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment clearly pro-
poses new legislation, and is out of order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to say,
Mr. Chairman, that I am opposed not onlyto
the adoption of the first paragraph of this bill,
but to the entire bill. When this question was
submitted to the consideration of this House
in July last, and when the commission was
appointed under the act of July 20, 1867, to
establish peace with certain Indian tribes,
an appropriation of $450,000 being made to
accomplish that object, 1 was hopeful that
some good results would come from this com-
mission. But, sir, after several months of
effort, this commission, consisting of several
very able gentlemen, some of them from mili-
tary and^lStne from civil lite, have submitted
their report to Congress. I have looked over
that report from beginning to end, to find> if
