1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3501
with an understanding or agreement with another ;
that the manufactured article is to bo received m J
payment therefor, or for any part thereof, the stamps '
required by law shall be fixed by the actual maker ,
or manufacturer before the article passes from the
place of making or manufacturing. And in case of
fraud on the £art of either of said persons in respect
to said manufacture, or of any collision on their part
with intent to defraud the revenue, such material
and manufactured articles shall be forfeited to the
United States; and each person to such fraud or col-
lusion shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
on conviction, be fined not less than $100 nor more
than $5,000, and imprisoned for not less than six
months nor more than three years.
No amendment being offered, the next sec-
tion was read, as follows:
Sec. 82. And be it further enacted, That every dealer
in leaf tobacco shall enter daily, in a book kept for
that purpose, under such regulations as the Ooinmis-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe, the
number of hogsheads, coses, and pounds of leaf to-
bacco purchased by him, and of whom purchased,
and the number of hogsheads, cases, or pounds sold
by him, with the name and residence, in each in-
siance, of the person to whom sold, and if shipped,
to whom shipped and to what district. Such book
shall be kept at his place of business, and shall be
open at all hours to the inspection of any assessor,
collector, or other revenue officer; and any dealer in
leaf tobacco who shall neglect or refuse to keep such
book shall be liable to a penalty of not less than £500,
and on conviction thereof shall bo fined not less than
$100 nor more than §5,000, and imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows':
Skc. 83. And be it further enacted. That from and'
after the passage of this act, and until the 1st day of
October, 1868, all manufactured tobacco and snuff
(not including cigars) imported from foreign coun-
tries, shall be placed by the owner, importer, or con-
signee thereof in a bonded warohouse of the United
States at tho place of importation, in the same man-
ner and under rules as provided for warehousing
goods imported into the United States, and shall not
be withdrawn from such warehouse, nor be entered
for consumption or transportation in the United
States prior to the said 1st day of October,_lS6S. All
manufactured tobacco and snuff (not including cigars)
imported from foreign countries, after tho passage of
this act, shall, in addition to tho import duties im-
posed on the same, pay the tax prescribed in this act
for like kinds of tobacco and snuff manufactured
in the United States, and have the same stamps
respectively affixed. Such stamps shall bo affixed and
canceled on all such articles so imported by the
owner or importer thereof, while such articles are in
the custody of the proper custom-house officers, and
such articles shall not pass outof tho custody of such
officers until tho stamps have been affixed and can-
celed. Such tobacco and snuff shall be put up in
packages, as prescribed in this act for like articles
manufactured in the United Statesbefore such stamps
are affixed; and the owner or importer of such to-
bacco and snuff shall be liable to all the penal pro-
visions of this act, proscribed for manufacurers of
tobacco and snuff manufactured in the United States.
"Where it shall be necessary to take auy of such arti-
cles, so imported, to any placo for the purpose of
repacking,affixing, and canceling such stamps, other
than the public stores of the United States, the col-
lector of customs of the port where such articles shall
be entered shall designate a bonded warehouse to
which such articles shall be taken, under the control
of Guch customs officer as such collector maydiicct.
And any officer of customs whoshall permit any such
articles to pass out of his custpdy or control without
compliance by tho owner or importer thereof with
the provisions of this section relating thereto, shall
be doomed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than SI,000, nor more
than $5,000, and imprisoned not loss than six mouths
nor more than throe years.
No amendment was offered, and the Clerk
read the next section, as follows:
Skc. S4. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act it shall be the duty of
every dealer in manufactured tobacco, having on
hand more than twenty pounds, and every dealer in
snuff having on hand more than ten pounds, to im-
mediately make a true and correct inventory of the
amount of such tobacco and snuff respect ively, under
oath or affirmation, and to deposit such inventory
with the assistant assessor of tho proper division,
whoshall immediately return the same to the as-
sessor of the district, who shall immediately there-
after make an abstract of thoscveralinventoriesfiled
in his office, and transmit such abstract to the Com- (
lmssioner of Internal llevenue, and a like inventory ;
and return shall be made on tho first day of every ,
month thereafter, and a like abstract of inventories I
shall be transmitted while any such dealer has to- j
bacoo or snuff remaining on hand manufactured in :
the United States, or imported prior to the passage \
of this act, and not stamped. Alter the 1st day of ■
January, ItflW, ail smoking, fine-cut chewing tobacco, j
or snuff, and after the 1st day of J uly, 1So9, all other ;
manufactured tobacco of every description, shall be j
taken anddeemed as having been manufactured after j
thepassage of this act, andshallnotbe soldoroiiered j
for sale unless put up in packages and stamped as .
prescribed by this act; and any person who shall sell ;
or offer for sale after the 1st day of January, Ibttf, ;
any smoking, tine-cut chewing tobacco, orsnufi, and .
aft or the 1st day of July, 18:>9, any other mannfac- 1
turedtobacco not so putup hipackagesandstamped, i
shall, on conviction, bo fined not less than §300 nor
more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
No amendment was offered, and the next
section was read, as follows:
Sro. 85. And bcit further enacted, That any person
whoshall, after the passage of this act, sell, or offer
for sale, any manufactured tobacco or snuff, repre-
senting thesamcto have been manufactured and tho
tax paid thereon pi-ior to the passage of this act, when
the same was not so manufactured, and the tax not
so paid, shall be liable to a penalty of $500 for each
offense, and shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and on conviction shall be fined not less than $500
nor more than $5,000, and shall be imprisoned notless
than six months nor more than two years.
No amendment was offered, and tlie Clerk
read the next section, as follows :
Sec. 86. And be it further enacted. That all manu-
factured tobacco and snuff, manufactured prior to
the passage of this act, and held in bond at the time
of its passage, may be sold for consumption in the
oiigmal packages, with the proper stamps for the
amount of tax thereon affixed and canceled as re-
quited by law; and any person who shall, after the
passage of this act, offer for sale any tobacco or snuff,
in packages of a different size from those limited and
prescribed by this act, representing the same to have
been held in bond at the time of the passage of this
act, when the same was not so held in bond, shall,
on conviction, be fined fifty dollars for each package
in respect to which such offense shall be committed:
Provided, That after the 1st day ot January, A. D.
1869, no such tobacco or snuff shall be sold or removed
for sale orconsumption from any bonded warehouse
unless put up in packages and stamped as provided
by this act.
No amendment was offered, and the next
section was read, as follows:
Cigars.
Skc. 87. And be it further enacted, That upon cigars
which shall he manufactured and sold, or reniovod
for consumption or use, there shall be assessed and
collected the following taxes, to be paid by the man-
ufacturer thereof;
On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions, mado of tobacco or any substitute therefor,
live dollars per thousand. And the Commissioner
ot Internal llevenue may presenbo such regulations
for the inspection of cigars, cheroots, and cigarettcs,
and tho collection of the tax thereon, as shall, in his
judgment, bo most effective for tho prevention of
frauds in the payment of such tax.
No amendment was offered, and the Clerk
read the next section, as follows:
See. 8S. And be it further enacted. That every person
before commencing, or, if already commenced,before
continuing, tho manufacture of cigars, shall furnish,
without previous demand therefor, to the assistant
assessor of the division a statement in duplicate, sub-
scribed under oath or affirmation, accurately setting
forth the plane, and, if in a oit>, tlie struH and num-
ber of tho street, where the manufacture is to bo car-
ried on ; and if the same shall be manufactured for,
or to be sold and delivered to, any other person, tho
name and residence and business or occupation of
thu person for whom the cigars arc to be manufac-
tured or to whom to be delivered; and shall give a
bond in conformity with the provisions of this act,
in such penal sum as tho assessor of tho district may
require, not less than $1,000, with an addition of Sl'K)
for each person proposed to be employed by him m
making cigars, conditioned that he will not employ
any person to manufacture cigars who has not been
duly registered as a cigar-maker; that ho will not
engage in any attempt, by hhnself or by collusion
with others, to defraud the Government of any tax
on his manufactures; that he will render truly and
corrcctly all tho returns,statements, and inventories
prescribed; that whenever he shall adct to the num-
ber of cigar-makers employed by him he will imme-
diately give notice thereof to thecollector of the dis-
trict; that he will stamp, in accordance with law, all
cigars manufactured by him before he offers the same
or any part thereof for sale, and before he romoves
any part thereof from theplaccof manufacture; that
he will not knowingly sell, purchase, expose, or re-
ceive for sa,lc any cigarswhichhavcriotbcen stamped
as required by law; and that he will comply with ail
the requirements of law relating to the manufacture
of cigars. The sum of said bond may be increased
from time to time, and additional sureties required,
at the discretion ofthc assessor-orundertheinstruc-
tions of the Commissioner of Internal llevenue.
TCvery cigar manufacturer shall obtain from tho col-
lector of the district, who is hereby required to issue
the same, a certificate setting forth the number of
cigar-makers for which the bond has been given,
which certificate shall be posted in a. conspicuous
place within the manufactory: and any cigar man-
ufactuirr who shall neglect or rcfuso to obtain such
certificate, or to keep the same posted as hereinbe-
fore provided, shall, on conviction, be fined $100.
Any person manufacturing cigars of any description
without first giviuc bond as herein required shall,
on conviction, be fined not lets than £100 nor more
than 63,000, and imprisoned not less than three
months, nor more than five yeais. Cigarettes and
cheroots ^hall be held to be cigars under the meaning
of this act.
Mr. MYERS. On page 112, lines fourteen
and fifteen, E move to strike out " $1,000" and
insert " $200;" so that the clause will read:
And shall give a bond in conformity with the pro-
visions of this act in such penal sum as the assessor
of the district may require, notless than $200, with
an addition of &100 for each person proposed to be
employed by him, &e,
I will detain the committee but a moment.
This refers to cigar manufacturers, and there
are a large number of such manufacturers
throughout the country, and a large number in
my own district, who are poor men. Tliey :an
scarcely give the bond now required by law of
$100 for themselves and $100 for each em-
ploy6 ; and if you increase it in this manner,
instead of increasing the revenue you will only
open up avenues to fraud; they will make
cigars in out-of-the-way places, and will not
give bonds at all. Yon call them " manufac-
turers," and suppose they are rich men, but
many of them are poor men, and cannot give
such a bond as this. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out
"$1,000" and insert "$500." I will only say
that for very small manufacturers the amount
named in the section is certainly too large.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will agree that ',hat
amendment may be adopted, to be voted ou in
the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 89. And be it further enacted, Thatwithin thirty
days after the passage of this act every cigar manu-
facturer shall place and keep on the side or end of
the building within which his business is carried on,
so that it can be distinctly seen, a sign, with letters
thereon not less than three inches in length, painted
in oil colors or gilded, giving his full name and busi-
ness. Any person neglecting to comply with tho
requirements of this section shall, on conviction, be
fined not less than $100, nor more than $500.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Skc. 00. And be it further enactcd, That it shall bo
the duty of every assistant assessor to keep a record,
in a book to be provided for the purpose, to bo open
to the inspection of any person, of the name andiesi-
dence of every person engaged in tho manufacture
of cigars in his division, the place where such manu-
facture is earned on, and the number of the manu-
factory, together with the names and residences of
every cigar-maker employed in his division ; and the
assistant assessor shall enter in said record, under the
name of each manufacturer, an abstract of his inven-
tories and monthly returns; and each assessor shall
keep a similar record for the district, and shall cause
the several manufactories of cigars iu the district to
bo numbeicd consecutively, which number shall not
thereafter be changed.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Skc. 01. And he it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act all cigars shall bo packed
in boxes, not before used for that purpose, contain-
ing not more, respectively, than twenty-five, fifty,
one hundred, two hundred and fifty, or five hundred
cigars each; and any person who shall sell or offer
for sale, or deliver or offer to deliver, any cigars in
any other form than in new boxes as above described,
or who shall pack in any box any cigars in excess of
tho number provided by law to be put in each box
respectively, or who shall falsely brand any box, or
who shall affix a stamp on any box denoting a less
amountof tax than that required by Inw, shall, upon
conviction for any of tho above described offenses, bo
fim'd for each such offense respectively not less than
$100 nor more than SI,000, and be imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend this section by inserting after the
words " from and after the passage of this act
all cigars shall be packed" the words " by the
manufacturer." This section provides that all
cigars shall be packed up in certain numbers
in boxes not before used for that purpose. It
also provides that no person shall sell or offer
for salo, or shall deliver or offer to deliver, any
cigars in any other form than i.n new boxes. T
am at a loss how, under that provision, the sell-
ing of cigars by retail, by the single cigar, can
be carried on. And I would move to further
amend the section by inserting the words u cigar
manufacturer" in lieu of the word "person"
before the words "who shall seizor offer for
sale." I think my amendment will obviate a
difficulty that may arise under this section as it
now stands.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to those
amendments. ,
The amendments of Mr. Stkyens, of New
Hampshire, were then agreed to.
