THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
section of the act of May 8, 1792, and is as
follows:
"That in case of the death, absence from the seat
of Government, or sickncss of the Secretary of State,
Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary of the
Department of War, or of any other officer of either
of the said Departments whose appointment is not
in the head thereof, whereby they cannot .perform
the duties of their respective offices, it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States, in case he
shall think it necessary, to authorize any person or
persons, at his discretion, to perform the duties of
the said respective offices until a successor be ap-
pointed, or until such absence or inability by sick-
ness shall eeasc."
The second act, passed February 13, 1705,
declares:
"That in case of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of the Department of War, or of any officer of
either ofthe said Departments whose appointment is
not in the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform
the duties of their said respective officcs, it shall be
lawfulfor the President of the United States, in ease
he shall think it necessary, to authorize any person
or persons, at his discretion, to perform the duties of
the said respective offices, until a successor heap-
pointed or such vacancy be filled: Provided, That
no one vacancy shall be supplied in manner afore-
said for a longer term than six months."
Neither of these acts provided for vacancies
in the Navy, Interior or Post Office Depart-
ment. Mr. Lincoln, in 1863, called attention
to this defect in a special message, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representative* :
I submit to Congress the expediency of extending
to other Departments of the Government the au-
thority conferred on the President by the eighth sec-
tion of the act of the 8th of May. 1792, to appoint a
person to temporarily discharge the duties of Secre-
tary of State, of the Treasury, and the Secretary of
War, in case of the death, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness of either of those officers.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, January % 1863.
February 20, 1863, Congress passed a third
act on this subject, which declares:
"In case of the death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, or sickness of the head of
any executive Department of the Government, or of
any officer of either of the said Departments whose
appointment is not in the head thereof, whereby
they cannot perform the duties of their respective
offices, it shall be lawful for the President of the Uni-
ted States, in ease he shall think it necessary, to
authorize the head of any other executive Depart-
ment, or other officer in either of said Departments
whose appointment is vested in the President at his
discretion, to perform the duties of tliesaid respective
offices until a successor be appointed, or until such
absence or disability by sickness shall cease: Pro-
vided,, That no one vacancy shall be supplied in man-
ner aforesaid for a longer term than six months."
These statutes contain all the legislation of
Congress on the subject to which they relate.
It has been insisted that, inasmuch as under
the act of 1803 the President had no authority
to designate any other person to perform the
duties of Secretary of War than an officer in
that or some of the other Executive Depart-
ments, and then in case of vacancy to supply
such only as are occasioned by death orresigna-
tion, his designation of the Adjutant General
of the Army to supply temporarily a vacancy
occasioned by removal was without authority.
If the act of 1803 repealed the act of 1795 this
would doubtless be so ; but if it did not repeal
it, then the President clearly had the right,
under that act, which provided for the tem-
porary discharge of the duties of Secretary of
War in any vacancy by any person, to author-
ize General Thomas temporarily to discharge
those duties. The law of 1803, embracing, as
it does, all the Departments, and containing
provisions from both the previous statutes,
may, however, bo construed to embrace the
whole subject on which it treats, and operate
as a repeal of all prior laws on the same sub-
ject. It must, however, be admitted that it is
by no means clear that the act of 1863 does
repeal so much of the act of 1795 as authorizes
the President to provide for the temporary dis-
charge of the duties of an office from which an
incumbent has been removed, or whose term
of office has expired by limitation before the
regular appointment of a successor.
It has been argued that the tenure-of-office
act of .March 2, 1887, rep'ealed both the act of
1795 and that of 1803, authorizing the tempo-
rary supplying of vacancies in the Departments.
This is an entire misapprehension. The eighth
section of the tenure-of-office act recognizes
that authority by making it the duty of the
President, when such designations are made,
to notify the Secretary of the Treasury thereof;
and if any one of the Secretaries were to die
or resign to-morrow the authority of the Pres-
ident to detail an officer in one of the Depart-
ments to temporarily perform the duties of the
vacant office, under the act of 1868, would be
unquestioned. This would not be the appoint-
ment of an officer while the SeB^te was in
session without its consent, but simply direct-
ing a person already in office to discharge tem-
porarily, in no one case exceeding six months,
the duties of another office not then filled.
It is the issuing of a letter of authority in
respect to a removal, appointment, or employ-
ment " contrary to the provisions " of the ten-
ure-of-oJp.ce ad that is made a high misde-
meanor. As the order for the removal of
Mr. Stanton has already been shown not to
have been "contrary to the provisions of this
act," any letter of authority in regard to it is
not forbidden by the sixth section thereof.
Admitting, however, that there was no statute
in existence expressly authorizing the Presi-
dent to designate the Adjutant General of the
Army temporarily to discharge the duties of
the office of Secretary of War, made vacant by
removal, till a successor, whose nomination
was proposed the next day, could be con-
firmed, does it follow that he was guilty of a
high misdemeanor in making such temporary
designation when there was no law making it
a penal offense or prohibiting it? Prior to
1803, as Mr. Lincoln's message shows, there
was no law authorizing these temporary desig-
nations in any other than the three Depart-
ments of State, Treasury, and War; and yet
President Lincoln himself, on the 22d of Sep-
tember-, 1862, prior to any law authorizing it,
issued the following letter of authority appoint-
ing a Postmaster General ad interim:
I hereby appoint St. John B. L. Skinner, now act-
ing Fust Assistant Postmaster General, to be acting
Postmaster General ad interim, in p lace of Hon. Mont-
gomery Blair, now temporarily absent.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, September 22,1862.
To provide for temporary disabilities or va-
cancies in the Navy Department, and for which
no law at the time existed, Prdfeident Jackson,
during his administration, made ten different
designations or appointments of Secretaries of
the Navy adinterim. Similar ad interim desig-
nations in the Navy Department were made by
Presidents Van Buren, Harrison, Tyler, Polk,
Filmore, and others; and these appointments
were made indiscriminately during the sessions
of the Senate as well as during its recess. As
no law authorizing them existed at the time
these ad interim appointments were made in the
Navy and Post Office Departments, it must be
admitted that they were made withoutauthority
of law; andyet, who then thought, orwouldnow
think, of impeaching for high crimes and mis-
demeanors the Presidents -who made them ?
President Buchanan, in a communication to the
Senate made January 15, 1801, on the subject
of ad interim appointments, used this lan-
guage :
"Vacancies may occur at any timoin the most im-
portant offices which cannot be immediately and per'
manently filled in a manner satisfactory to tim ap-
pointing power. It was wise to make a provision
which would enable the President to avoid a total
suspension of business iu the interval, and equally
wise so to liinitthc execufivcdiscretion as to prevent
any serious abuse of it. This is what the Iramcrs of
the act of 179o did, and neither the policy nor the
constitutional validity of their law lias been ques-
tioned for sixty-five years.
"The practice of making such appointments,
whetherin a vacation ordurms tliesession of Cong-i ess,
has been constantly followed during every Adminis-
tration from the cailiest period of the Government,
and its perfectlawfulnesshasnever.to my knowledge,
been questioned or denied. Withoutgumg baek fur- I
ther than the year 1S29, and without taking into the 1
calculation any but the chief officers of the several
Departments, it will be found that provisional ap-
gointments to fill vacancies were made to the mmi-
er of one hundred and seventy-nine from tho com-
mencement of General Jackson's administration to
the close of General Pierce's. This number would
probably bo greatly increased if all tho cases which
occurred in the subordinate offices and bureaus were
added to the count. Some of thena wero made while |
the Senate was in session j some which were made in
vacation were continued in force long after the Sen-
ate assembled. Sometimes the temporary officer was
the commissioned head of another Department,
sometimes a subordinate in the same Department.
Sometimes the affairs ofthe Navy Department have
been directed ad interim by a commodore, arid those
ofthe War Department by a general." ■ *
Importance is sought to be given to the pas-
sage by the Senate, before the impeachment
articles were found bythe House of Represent-
atives, of the following resolution: *
"Resolved by the Senate of the tfoited States, That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States
the President has no power to remove the Secretary
of War and designate any other officer to perform
the duties of that office ad interim"—
as if Senators sitting as a court on the trial
of the President for high crimes and misde-
meanors would feel bound or influenced in any
degree by a resolution introduced and hastily
passed before an adjournment on the very day
the orders to Stanton and Thomas were issued.
Let him who would be governed by such con-
siderations in passing on tho guilt or innocence
of the accused, and not by the law and the
facts as they have been developed on the trials
shelter himself under such a resolution. I am
sure no honest man could. It is known, how-
ever, that the resolution coupled the two things,
the removal of the Secretary of War and the
designation of an officer ad interim, together,
so that those who believed either without au-
thority were compelled to vote for the resolu-
tion.
My understanding at the time was, that the
act of 1863 repealed that of 1795 authorizing
the designation of a Secretary of War ad in-
terim, in the place of a Secretary removed-, but
I never entertained the opinion that the Presi-
dent had not power to remove the Secretary
of War appointed by Mr. Lincoln during his
first term. Believing the act of 1795 to have
been repealed, I was bound to vote that the
President had no power under the law to desig-
nate a Secretary of War ad interim to fill a
vacancy caused by removal, just as I wotlld feel
bound to vote for a resolution that neither
President Jackson nor any of his successors
had the power, under the law, to designate ad
interim Postmasters General or Secretaries of
the Navy and Interior prior to the act of 1863;
but it by no means follows that they were guilty
of high crimes and misdemeanors in making
sucli temporary designations. They acted with-
out the shadow of statutory authority in making
such appointments. Johnson claims, and not
without plausibility, that he bad authority under
the act of 1795 to authorize the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army to perform temporarily the
duties of Secretary of War ; but if that act was
repealed, even then he simply acted as his pre-
decessors had done with the acquiescence of the
nation for forty years before. Considering that
the facts charged against the President in the
second article are in no respect contrary to any
provision of the tenure-of-office act; that they
do not constitute a misdemeanor, and are not
forbidden by any statute; that it is a matter of
grave doubt whether so much of the act of 1795
as would expressly authorize the issuing of the
letter of authority to General Thomas is not in
force, and if it is not, that President Johnson
still had the same authority for issuing it as hia
predecessors had exercised for many years with-
out objection iu the Navy, Interior, and Post
Office Departments, it is impossible for me to
hold him guilty of a high misdemeanor under
that article. To do so would, in my opinion,
be to disregard, rather than recognize, that im-
partial justice I am sworn to administer.
What has been said in regard to the second
article applies with equal force to the third and
eighth articles: there being no proof of an
unlawful intent to control the disbursements
of the moneys appropriated for, the military
service, as charged in the eighth article.
Articles four, five, six, and seven, taken to-
gether, charge in substancc that the Piesident
conspired with Lorenzo Thomas and other per-
sons with intent, by intimidation and threats,
to prevent Edwin M. Stanton from holding th§
office of Secretary of War, ^nd by force tft
