70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
December 7,
will be taken by surprise by action of this kind,
indefinite iti its character.
Mr. SCHENCK. We thought not in the
committee, and have therefore made the sus-
pension indefinite, thus making it necessary
for the law-making power to act again before
this authority can be restored to the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to more to
amend the bill by adding the words " until the
1st day of May next."
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not. propose to give
way for amendments if I can get the previous
question.
Mr. PRUYN. Then accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nor do I propose to
accept any amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCIiENCk. Certainly.
Mr. GAllFIELD. I wish to know if I am
to understand from what the gentleman says
that they propose to settle by a definite law
this great question of financial policy, under
the operation of the previous question, with-
out debate, and then allow members to debate
it at their leisure in the Committee of the
Whole after the bill has been passed. I ask
him if it is proposed to revoke and overturn
the declared financial policy of Congress, which
has been followed during the last three years,
without debate?
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. I am holding the floor
by the courtesy of my colleague, but I am
ready to answer any question.
Mr. LOGAN. I will ask the gentleman if
he was not in favor of settling the impeach-
ment question in that way ?
Mr. GARFIELD. After nine months' op-
portunity, in which the gentleman has done
his best, the question has been settled this
morning; and if he will allow the House
four hours for the discussion of this great
financial question wo will be content. The
whole party of these gentlemen, who felt so
outraged this morning, were fully heard both
in the report and the speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr.' Boutwei.l.] On
the subject before us no debate whatever is to
be allowed.
Mr. SCHENCK. In answer to the inter-
rogatory of my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
which contains a stump speech in its belly,
[laaghter,] I will say that the committee have
gone only this far: they believe the House is
prepared, the opinion of members upon the
one side or the other made up, on the single
proposition in regard to continuing in the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the authority to further
contract the currency. We put that one prop-
osition to the House. If the House is not pre-
pared to act upon it now, but wish to discuss
it fully, as well as to discuss other things con-
nected with finances, which they will have the
opportunity to do hereafter, then they will vote
down the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will my colleague per-
mit me to submit a proposition to the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to obtain per-
mission to offer the following resolution, and
thus have the whole subject of currency con-
sidered together. If the pending bill required
a suspension of contraction for a limited term
I should not think it so unreasonable, but we
are asked to repeal utterly the Secretary's
authority to reduce the volume of the currency.
I ask that the following resolution may be
considered:
Retolved, That the bill forbidding the further
contraction of the currency be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that they be
instructed to report to this House such legislative
measures as shall most speedily and safely lead to
resumption of specie payments.
Mr: SCHENCK. I am not disposed to yield
the floor to permit that resolution to be offered.
We will give our attention to all these matters
in due time, and will try to do the best we can.
When I call the previous question the House
will understand that it means simply this: I
put this question to the House of Representa-
tives, Are you ready to vote now upon the
single proposition in regard to the contraction
of the currency?
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry of his colleague, [Mr.
Garfield?]
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire toask the gentleman
this question; he said, "this party who have
had nine months to prosecute the impeachment
of the President." I would like to know, to
what party he refers, and to what party he now
belongs, in that state of the case.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman pleases
I did not say "party;" I said "these gentle-
men." !(f I made a mistake in calling them
"gentlemen" I am very sorry; but I do not
think I made a mistake. I made no reflection
upon any political party.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
refer the gentleman to the party of the Masonic
Temple of Boston.
The SPEAKER. Debate in regard to im-
peachment is not in order on this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for an inquiry ?
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman seems
to be very anxious to put to me an interroga-
tory I will yield to him. I hope he will make
but an inquiry.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As this is a question
of great importance, deemed so not only by
the country but by every member of this House,
I appeal to the gentleman to allow a vote to
be taken upon my bill, for I believe a majority
of the House are in favor of it.
Mr. DAWES. I object to the forfti of the
inquiry. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I am actinj* under the
instructions of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I now renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, upon a
division—ayes 94, noes 31.
The main question was then ordered, and
under the operation thereof the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question was then upon the passage of
the bill.
Sfr.' SCHENCK. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PRICE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the aflirmative—yeas 127, nays 32,
not voting 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Amell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Banks,
Barnes, Barnum, Bcaman, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buck-
land, Burr, Butler, Cary, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb,Ooburn, Cook, Covodc,Cullom,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ela. Eldridgo, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Golladay,Gravely, Griswold.Halsey, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Hill, Higby, fiolman, Hopkins, Hotch-
kiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsoy, Kerr,
Kctcham, Knott, Jvoontz, Laflin, William Lairrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
ncad, Morgan, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
Niblack. Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taylor,
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, VanWyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn,Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, Blaine,
Broomall,Dawes, Eliot,Garfield,Gets, Glossbrenner,
Grover, Haight, Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, George V. Lawrence, McCnllough,
Peters, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Pricr, Pruyn. Randall,
Sitgreavea, Spalding, Tuber, Van Auken, Ward,
Ellihu B. Washburnc, William I!. Washburn, and
Wooilward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Baldwin, Blair,
Cako, Chanler, Cornell, Finney, Fox, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Kitchen, Mnllory, Marsh nil. Moore,
Morrell.Morrissey.Nioholson, Pomcroy,Raum,Rob-
inson, Scofield, Sclye, Shellabanrer, Taffe, Twichell,
Burt Van Horn, Windom, and Wood—28.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
} LOAN AND CURRENCY LAWS.
j Mr. SCHENCK. At the Treasury Depart-
ment there was printed some time ago a
pamphlet containing the acts of Congress
; relating to loans and the currency from 1842
| to a year or two ago. This pamphlet is out of
| print, and very few copies can be obtained. I
! move that there be printed one thousand cop-
! ies of this pamphlet, it being first brought
I down to the present time. This motion will
of course be referred to the Committee on
' Printing.
I Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
i Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to modify his motion so
! as to include all loan laws from 1790 to the
present time. There are but very few such
laws passed between 1790 and 1842, and it
| would be convenient to have all laws of that
j class included in a single pamphlet. The ad-
! ditional expense would be very small.
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
and include it in my motion.
Mr. BARNES. I move as an amendment
to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
that five thousand copies of this pamphlet be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The original motion and
the amendment will both be referred under the
law to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GARFIELD. It seems to me it would
be exceedingly convenient, and would involve
very little additional expense, to have included
in this pamphlet a table showing what amount
has been issued under each of these loan laws.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know who is to get this thing up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that this additional matter not now included
in the pamphlet referred to will have to be
prepared by some person. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I would propose that the
whole thing be prepared under the direction
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The motion, with the
amendment, will be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. A number of gentlemen
who wish to be heard in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and a num- *
ber of others who desire that no further busi-
ness shall be done to-day, in order that they
may attend to business in the Departments,
have requested me to move that the House
now go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with the understanding
that no vote shall be taken.
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection to going into the Committee of th«
Whole on the state of the Union provided wo
first act on resolutions distributing the Presi-
dent's message.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer a
joint resolution which will give rise to no debate
and U> which there will be no objection. It is
a joint resolution authorizing the Postmaster
General to print an additional number of hit
report. I ask that the Clerk read the letter of
the Postmaster General.
