2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May 1-5,
lands of the United States. That is the law j
under which i understand this Survey to have
been made, and not, as the gentleman from j
California [Air. Higby] says, under the old
Spanish rule. But 110 matter under what reg-
ulations this survey was made, they were the
regulations controlling and governing all such
cases in the United States. The parties were
required to locate their surveys within exterior
boundaries of the grant and in a compact body,
which has been done in this case.
Now, a word in reply to one other remark of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby,]
that there is 110 parallel between this case and
theSoscol case. Why, sir, 1 did not introduce
that for the purpose of claiming that this case
is precisely like that, but for the purpose of
showing that the principle involved in this bill
has been acted upon heretofore. That is all
there is of it. The precedent, so far as the
psinciple is concerned, is pertinent.
Now, the gentleman from California says he
does not know by what motive the committee
has been controlled.
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir. I did not say that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The motive by
which the committee has been controlled is the
desire to do exact justice 111 this case. And
when the gentleman says that there are some
facts which thecommitteeoughtto have known,
1 repeat what I have said before that, it' there
is a single fact connected with this ease that
has not come to the knowledge of the commit-
tee, it is the fault of the parlies conte-dine for
this property—they had ample opportunity to
place everything before the committee, and 1
have no doubt they did so.
Mr. IIIUBV. I did not wish to cast any
reflection upon the committee, but I think
there are other facts in this case which, if they
had been properly presented, would have, in-
duced the committee to come to a different
conclusion.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. WAKD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether this is not really a controversy be-
tween private parties ; and if that be so, why
is the matter brought here? Why not leave
the parlies to their remedy at law ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will answer the
gentleman. The United States is somewhat
involved in this controversy. The person
claiming under that grant insists that he has
not had his rights protected under the treaty
between the United States and Mexico; that
the United States have failed in this case to
carry out their obligations under that treaty;
and although the matter has, as is alleged,
been in the Supreme Court, the committee
affirm that the case has not been there upon
its real merits, and as fully as it was presented
to the committee. The claimant, therefore,
asks that by this mode of proceeding the Uni-
ted States shall fulfill their obligations under
the treaty, avoiding the appearance of an at-
tempt to reverse the judgment of the Supreme
Court by permitting him to have the prefer-
ence in the purchase of that property.
Mr. WA11D. Then are we to understand
that this is a mode of reviewing the action of
the Supreme Court?
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. Why, sir, cannot
the gentleman understand my language? I
have expressly said that it is not a mode of
reviewing the decision of the Supreme Court,
and that lor the purpose of avoiding the appear-
ance of any such thing, we have recommended,
in view of the equities in favor of the party,
that he be allowed to purchase the land, the
title of which is now in the United States, but
whieli we believe ought to he in this claimant.
.Mr. Speaker, I now yield five minutes to my
colleagueon the committee, thegentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Marshall ]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, in the
brief time allotted to me it is impossible for
me to review the evidence bearing upon this
ease ; but the gentlemen who are opposing the
measure now before the House manifestly do
so because they do not know anything about
the peculiar tacts of the case or the principles
involved in the bill.
By this bill the United States does notgrant
and will not lose one cent. The United States
will, in fact, get more money from this man
McGarrahan than it would from this combina-
tion of capitalists, who have for six, eight, or
ten years been keeping liim out of the property
to which he is, if not legally, beyond all ques
tion equitably entitled. _ '
This matter has been before the Committee
on the Judiciary, who have examined it very
carefully and at great length.- Those who are
interested in the defeat of the measure now
before the House are made up of a body of
capitalists controlling hundreds of thousands
of dollars. They have come belore that com-
mittee ; they have had a hearing.- They have
brought their counsel there; they have pro-
duced their evidence. They have brought be-
fore that committee every fact that they deemed
of importance to invalidate the claim of Me-
Garrahan ; and the deliberate conviction to
which the committee has arrived is that Mc-
Garialian, if not entitled to this land abso-
lutely and legally, has such an equitable claim
to it that it would bo a great wrong 011 the
part of the United States Government not to
concede to him a right of preemption ; and
that is all that is claimed by the measure now
before the House.
Suppose we refuse this, what is the result?
Under the claim set up under existing law
these capitalists who have taken possession of
this land of Mr. McGarrahan and used all the
means which they could bring to bear for the
purpose of defeating his tille in the courts,
will have the right to enter that land and
secure the title to all thereof that is of any
value, and that, too, without paying much more
than one half what Mr. McGarrahan will pay
for the land under the provisions of this bill
and we are not giving away one single acre.
We are not giving away anything. We are not
granting anything. We are only giving a right
of preemption to a man whom the Judiciary
Committee believe has already ail equitable
title thereto, and which would have been con-
firmed years ago if it had not been for the
extraordinary efforts made by a combination
of capitalists who have succeeded in defeating
the claim of an honest and meritorious citizen,
who in fact never would have had any difficulty
in procuring his patent to said lauds if valu-
able mineral deposits had not been discovered
thereon after the title had been acquired by
McGarrahan.
This is the secret of the whole opposition
to the confirmation of the title of this man
McGarrahan, who, solitary and alone, without
backing, for years has been prosecuting a right
that, in my judgment, ought to be confirmed.
The legal question has indeed been decided
against him on technicalities, and the title is
now in the Government of the United States ;
but, inasmuch as the equity is unquestionably
in him, we merely, without impugning the
action of the courts, propose to give him the
right to purchase and acquire title to the land.
Mr. HIGBY. Allow me to ask a question?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. Does not the court decide
that the grant was fraudulently obtained?
Mr. MARSHALL. That has been explained
by the chairman of the committee; and if the
gentleman from California had given any at-
tention to the question he would have known,
if he had examined the facts bearing on this
question, that the decision of the court cannot
have any rightful bearing upon the matter now
under consideration before the House.
Mr. HIGBY rose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot yield further,
as I have only five minutes.
Mr. HIGBY. Only for a question. Does
the gentleman mean to say that the court did
not give attention to it?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do mean to say that
there has been no charge, and there can "be no
charge, of fraud upon the part of Mr. McGarra-
han. It has been conceded by'the lawyer,
Judge Goold, who has been employed on the
part of the New Idria Mining Company, that
there is no doubt about the genuineness of this
Gomez grant.
Mr. VAN WYCK rose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot yield ; I have
not the time, it is impossible that gentlemen
understand this case, or they would not make
opposition to it. McGarrahan has never been
charged with fraud.
The SPEAKEit. The gentleman's time has
expired. .
Mr. WILSON, ot Iowa. I will yield the
gentleman three minutes more.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. McGarrahan has
never been charged by any one with fraud.
He bought this land in good faith after the title
of Gomez was confirmed by the decree of the
proper tribunal under the laws of the United
States. He bought it without notice of any
contest or dispute in regard to the validity of
the title ; but these monopolists took possession
of his laud and set up, in the name of the United
States, a claim which has been litigated for
years. McGarrahan will now have to pay for
this land to obtain a title, the title which we
believe he ought to have had confirmed long
ago. And, as 1 have already said, he would
have long since have had the title if it had not
been for the extraordinary efforts made to
defeat it by men possessing unlimited means,
who have pursued him for years. The Gov-
ernment will lose nothing, for it must go to
one or the other, and all the equities are with
McGarrahan.
And, sir, I am not surprised at the opposi-
tion to the measure now before the House. I
do not question the integrity of a single gentle-
man who is opposing the measure here; but
it would be most extraordinary if men com-
manding the influence, the talents, and capital
that these men do, could not by printed, par-
tial, or garbled statements of facts, or other
means, bring forward plausible arguments to
influence the minds of gentlemen who have
not had an opportunity to examine this ques-
tion thoroughly, and make them believe that
the claim of McGarrahan is without any just
foundation. And for the manner in which he
has been pursued before the courts, Legisla-
tures, and everywhere, it would be strange, in-
deed, if they did not succeed in misleading even
the most intelligent members of the House
who have not had an opportunity of examining
the question in all ils bearings.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understand the gen-
tleman in his remarks to rcflect upon gentle-
men on this floor who have opposed this claim
as though they were representatives of the New
Idria Mining Company.
Mr. MARSHALL. Oh, not at all.
Mr. BOU I \V ELL. For myself. 1 have had
no intercourse with them except what 1 have
had in the committee. The gentleman has no
right to impugn the action of those who oppose
this claim.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am very sorry ihe
gentleman understood me so to "do. i cer-
tainly intended nothing of the kind.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 think 1 do not mis-
understand the force of language.
Mr. HIGBY. Whom does 11 je genth-nu.ii
mean, it not the member from MtiS^aehu&eU.s :
Mr. MA.liSflA.LL. In what, sir?
^ Mr. HIGBY. in speaking auoui command
ing their forces.
Mr. MARSHALL. I su'hI it would b*1
extraordinary it men of influence should uoi
| make an impression on the minds of honest
| and intelligent gentlemen, aud make them be-
| heve that there are reasons why this m^asaure
!■ should not he passed. I did not intend—uiidf
j 1 if T was so underwood I now entirely disavow
r it—to cast, any-reflection upon any gentleman
■ ■ who opposes this measure. I did liot thiuk
it anything of the kind.
