THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iifil
Xbc opinion thus expressed by the House of Repre-
tcniaiives did not explicitly convoy their sense of the
Constitution. Indeed, the express grant of the power
to the President rather implied a right in the Legis-
lature to givo or withhold it at their discretion. I'o
obviate any misunderstanding of the principle on
which the question had been decided, Mr. Benson
movediii the House, when the report of the Commit-
tee of the "Whole was taken up, to amend the second
clause in the bill so as clearly to imply the power of
removal to be solely in the President. He gave notice
th-atif he should succeed in this he would move to
strike outthe words which had been the subject of
debate. If those words continued, hesaid, the power
of removal by the President might hereatter appear
to be exercised by virtue of a legislative grant only,
and consequently bo subjected to legislative instabil-
ity, when he was well satisfied in his own mind that
it was by fair construction fixed in the Constitution.
The motion was seconded by Mr. Madison, and both
amendments were adopted."
And Judge Marshall adds:
"As the bill passed into a law ithas everbeen con-
sidered as a full expression of the sense of the Legis-
lature on this important part of the American Con-
stitution."
And Chancellor Kent says, when speaking of
the action of this Congress, many of the mem-
bers of which had been members of the Conven-
tion that framed the Constitution, the chiefest
among them, perhaps, being Madison, who has
been called the father of that instrument:
"This amounted to a legislative construction of the
Constitution, and it has ever since been acquiesced
in and acted upon as of decisive authority in the'ease.
It applies equally to every other ofiicer of the Gov-
ernment appointed by the President and Senate whose
term of duration is not specially declared. Itis sup-
ported by the weighty reason that the subordinate
officers in the executive department ought to hold at
the pleasure of the head of that department, bccause
he isinvested generally with the executive authority,
and every participation in that authority by the Sen-
ate was an exception to a general principle, and ought
to bctakenstrietly. ThePresident isthegreatrespon-
sible officer for the fa ithful execution of the law, and
the power of removal was incidental to that duty, and
might often be requisite to fulfill it."—1 Kent. Com.,
310.
Thus the Constitution and the law stood as
expounded by the courts, as construed by com-
mentators and publicists, as acted on by all the
Presidents, and acquiesced in by all of the Con-
gresses from 1789 until the 2d March, 1807,
when the tenure-of-office act was passed. The
first section of this act reads as follows :
" That every person holding any eivil office to which
he has been appointed by "and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any suoh office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office untilasucccssorshallhave
been in a like manner appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided."
Then comes what is "otherwise provided: "
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General
shall hold their offices respectively for and daring
the term of the President by whom they may have
been appointed, and for one month ^.hereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate."
The controversy in this ease grows out of the
construction of this section. How does it affect
the act of 17S9, and does it change the tenure
of office of the Secretary for the Department
of War as established by that act? To that in-
quiry I propose to address myself. I shall not
deny the constitutional validity of the act of
March 2, 1807. That question is not neces-
sarily in this case.
The first question presented is, is Mr. Stan-
ton's case within the piovisions of the tenure-
of-office act of March 2, 18G7?
Certainly it is not within the body of the first
section. The tenure which that provides for
is not the tenure of any Secretary. All Secrc.-
tnrics whose tenure is regulated by this law at
all are to go out of office at the end of the
term of the President by whom they shall be
appointed, and one month thereafter, unless
sooner removed by the President, by and with
tlio advice and consent of the Senate, while all
other civil officers are toholdunt.il a successor
shall be appointed and duly qualified. The
office of Secretary has attached to it one ten-
ure; other civil officers another and different
tenure, and no one who holds the office of Sec-
retary can, by force of this law, hold by any
other tenure than the one which the law spe-
cially assigns to that office. The plain intent
of the proviso to the first section is to prescribe
a tenure for the office of Secretary different
from the tenure fixed for other civil officers.
This is known to have been done on account
of the marked difference between the heads of
Departments and all other officers, which made
it desirable and pecessary for the public service
that the heads of Departments should go out
of office with the President by whom they were
appointed. It would, indeed, be a strange re-
sult of the law if those Secretaries appointed
by Mr. Lincoln should hold by the tenure fixed
by the aet for ordinary civil -officers, while all
the other Secretaries should hold by a different
tenure; ihat those appointed by the present
and all future Presidents should hold only
during the term of the President by whom
they may have been appointed, while those not
appointed by hirn should hold indefinitely; and
this under a law which undertakes to define
the tenure of all the Secretaries who are to
hold their offices under the law. I cannotcome
to that conclusion. My opinion is, that if Mr.
Stanton's tenure of office is prescribed by this
law at all, it is prescribed to him as Secretary
of War, under and by force of the proviso to
the first section ; and if his case is not included
in that proviso it is not included in the law at
all.
It is clear to my mind that the proviso does
not include, and was not intended to include,
Mr. Stanton's case. It is not possible to apply
to his case the language of the proviso unless
we suppose it to have been intended to legislate
him out of office; a conclusion, I consider,
wholly inadmissable. He was appointed by
President Lincoln during his first term of office.
He cannot hereafter go out of office at the end
of the term of the President by whom he was
appointed. That term was ended before the
law was passed. The proviso, therefore, can-
not have been intended to make a rule for his
ease ; and it is shown that it was not intended.
This was plainly declared in debate by the
conference committee, both in the Senate and
in the House of Representatives, when the
proviso was introduced and its effect explained.
The meaning and effect of the proviso were then
explained and understood to be that the only
tenure of the Secretaries provided for by this
law was a tenure-to end with the term of ser-
vice of the President by whom they were ap-
pointed, and as this new tenure could not in-
clude Mr. Stanton's case, it was here explicitly
declared that it did not include it. When this
subject was under consideration in the House
of Representatives on the report of the con-
ference committee on the disagreeing vote of
the two Houses, Mr. Schenck, of Ohio, chair-
man of the conference committee oil the part
of the House, said:
"It will be remembered that by the bill as it passed
the Senate it was presided that the eoncuirenee oi
the Senate should bo required in all removals from
oifice. except in the ease of theheadsot Departments.
The House amended the bill ot the Senate so as to
extend this requirement to the heads of Departments
as well as to their officers.
"The committee of conference have agreed that
the Senate t-h all accept the amendment of ihe House.
Hut, inasmuch 09 tin? would coinpel the President to
keep arovnd hi,a heads of Departments until iJteend of
his termicho icotdd hold over to another term, a com-
promise iocs made by ichich a further amendment is
added to this portum of the bill, no that the term of ofjice
of the heads of D'-part/ncntifihull expire with the term
of the President who appointed them, allowing these
heads of Departments one month longer."
When the bill came to the Seriate and was
considered on the disagreeing vote of the two
Houses, and Mr. Doolittle, of Wisconsin,
charged that although the purpose of the meas-
ure was. in his opinion, to force the President
; against his will to retain the Secretaries ap-
| pointed by Mr. Lincoln, yet that the phraseol- j
1 ogy was snoh that the bill, if paesod. would
not accomplish that object, Mr. Sheiimax, of
Ohio, who was a member of the conference
committee and assisted to frame the proviso,
said:
"I do not understand the logicof thoSenatorfrom
Wisconsin. He first attributes a purpose to the com-
mittee of conference which I say is not true. X say
that the Senate have not legislated with a view to
any persons or any President, and therefore he com-
mences by asserting what is no#
legislate ordertokeep in the Sec of W a*r, tip
Secretary of the Havy,"or the SeeV$tji|y'olf „
- Then a conversation arose laetwpe#
ator from Ohio and another $(?najU>r3 ^twJUijafe
Senator from Ohio continued thus: i • .
"That the Senate had no suoh purpose is£howti*&y
its vote twice to make this exception. Tha^.this pro-
vision does not apply to the present erase is shown"by
the fact that its language is sg framed as not-to i)J-
ply to the present President. The Senator shows
that himself, and argues truly that it would not pre-
vent the present President from remotftag the Sc'c-
retary of War, the'Secretary of the N&v-y* and- the
Secretary of State. And if Isupposed thate&tber.of
these gentlemen was so wanting in manhood, in hppoh
as to hold his place after the politest intimation ey
the President of the United States that his services
were no longer needed, I certainly, ass a 'Sena&QS\
would consent to his removal at any time, a&4 so
would we all."
Did anyone here doubt the correc£ne§a
Mr. Sherman's interpretation of theactwh^n
he declared that it'' would not prevent iKepres-
ent President from removing the Secretary, of
War, the Secretary of the J$avyy and the &ecre~
tary of State V Was there any dissent fxpm
his position? Was there not entire acquies-
cence in it?
Again, said Mr. Sherman:
" In this ease the committeeof conference—Iagreed
to it, I confess, with some reluctance—came fco the
conclusion to qualify to some extent the power of
removal over a Cabinet minister. We provide that
a. Cabinet minister shall hold his oifice notfor a fixed
term, not until the Senate shall consent to his re-
moval. but as long as the power that appoints himholds
office."
But whatever may have been the character
of the debates at the time of the passage 6f the
law, or whatever may have been the contempo-
raneous exposition of it, I am clearly convinced
that the three Secretaries holding over from
Mr. Lincoln's administration do not fall within
its provisions under any fair judicial interpre-
tation of the aet; that Mr. Stanton held his
office under the act of 178!), and under his only
commission, issued in 1862, which was at the
pleasure of the President; and I am, conse-
quently, constrained to decide that the order
for his removal was a lawful order. Any other
construction would involve us in the absurdity
of ostensibly attempting to limit the tenure of
all Cabinet officers to the term of the officer
having the power to appoint them, yet giving
to three of the present Cabinet ministers an
unlimited tenure; for, if the construction con-
tended for by the Managers be the correct one,
while four of the present Cabinet officers will
go out of office absolutely, and without any
action by the Senate, on the 4th of April next,
they having been appointed by Mr. Johnson,
the three Cabinet officers appointed by Mr.
Lincoln will hold by another and different ten-
ure, and cannot be.removed until the incoming
President and the Senate shall mutually agree
to their removal.
If I have not erred thus for in my judgment,
then it follows that the order for the removal
of Mr. Stanton was not a violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States by reason of its
having been issued during the session of the
Senate. If Mr. Stanton held his office at the
pleasure of the President alone under the act
of 1789, as I think he did, it necessarily follows
that the President alone could remove him.
The Senate had no power in reference to his
continuance in office. 1 am wholly unable to
perceive, therefore, that the power ofthe Presi-
dent. to remove him was affected or qualified
by the fact that the Senate was in session.
It has sometimes been put forward, as it was
by Mr. Webster in the debate of 1835, that the
usual mode of removal from office by the Presi-
dent during a session of the Senate had been
by the nomination of a successor in place of
A B, removed. This would naturally be so in
all cases except the few in which the officer
could not be allowed, consistently with the
public safety, to continue in office until his
successor should be appointed and qualified
and also should refuse to resign. Such cases
cannot often have occurred. But when they
have occurred, I believe the President has
exercised that power which was understood to
