1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Orrtc* D*partmknt,_
Washington, December 6, 18o7.
Sir : I have the honor to inform you that thenum-
bor of copies of the annual report of the Postmaster
General, authorised by law for the use of the Post
Offire Department, is inadequate for the necessary
distribution thereof to postmasters and other officers
of the postal service; and to request that authority
may be given to print an additional supply of fire
hundred copies of the last report with the accompany-
ing tables and exhibits, for the use of this Depart-
ment.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. JohxF. F ti s worth, Chairman of Committer on
Post Qfiees and Pott Road*, J louts <tf Representative*.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
whether it is usual for the head of a Depart-
ment to come here for the printing of addi-
tional copies of his report?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law only au-
thorizes a certain number, and the Postmaster
General says it is not sufficient.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
should go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is in reference
to Department printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
Post Office Department print the report and
bear the expense, and not charge it upon the
contingent fund of the House, which is now
large enough.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Printing haa nothing to do with the Depart-
ment printing.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it does not go to that
committee under the rule it can be sent there
by motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It onght not to go
to the Committee on Printing, which has noth-
ing to do with the printing of the Departments.
If it goes to any committee it should be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does this come from the
, committee ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; it comes
from the Postmaster General. He says the
law does not authorize the printing of enough.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and I ask whether this comes
from him as chairman or merely as a member
of the House ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Merely^ as a mem-
ber of the House. I did not think it demanded
the attention of the committee.
Mr. MUNGEN. If this be referred to the
Committee on Printing, and they report in favor
of it, will the expense come out of the contin-
gent fund of this House ?
The SPEAKER. That will depend upon
the language of the resolution when it comes
back.
• Mr. MAYNARD. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 68.
So the amendment to refer to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads was
rejected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Printing has nothing to do with the Depart-
ment printing, and it is a silly motion to refer
it to them. That committee has no earthly
jurisdiction of the subject. The Committee on
Printing is authorized to take jurisdiction of
matters pertaining to the printing of the House
of Representatives. The law authorizes the
Postmaster General to print a certain number,
which is not enough, and this resolution is to
provide for a sufficient number.
Mr. SCHENCK. Did not my friend assure
us this would not give rise to debate?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not suppose it
would. I did not suppose any one woulaobject
to it. I say in resistance to the motion to refer
to the Committee on Printing that that com-
mittee has nothing to do with it.
The question was put on referring the motion
to the Committee on Printing; and there were—
ayes 68, noes 55.
Mr. BURR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Bobr and Washburn® of Illinois.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 61, noes 48.
So the motion was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the motion was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
| mileage.
j The SPEAKER laid before the House a
1 communication from the Sergeant-at-Arms
concerning disputed questions as to the opera-
! tion of the mileage laws; which was referred
j to the Committee on the Judiciary.
| d. s. parker and f. mathews.
! Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of David
{ Stout Parker and Forman Mathews, owners
of the schooner Twilight; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
president's message.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering the Presi-
dent's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania-. I submit
the following resolutions:
Retained, That so much of the annual message of
the President of the United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the finances,
to the receipts into the Treasury, and the public
expenditures, to the revision of the revenue, to the
public debt, and the ways and means of supporting
and meeting all the public liabilities of the Gov-
ernment, be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to carrying on the sov-
eral Departments of the Government, to the neces-
sary appropriations therefor, to deficiencies in the
appropriations, and to mail transportation by ocean
steamers, be referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to banks and banking
and currency, be referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
Resolved, That so much of saidmessage and accom-
panying documents as relates to commerce bereferred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
Sanying documents as relates to the public domain
e referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office De-
partment be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the reestablishmcnt
of courts in districts where their authority has
been interrupted, and to all judicial proceedings, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public expend-
itures be referred to the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to agriculture and to
the Department of Agriculture, be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to tho management
of Indian affairs be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Army of the
United States, to provisions for a peace establish-
ment, and to coast and lake defenses, be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
Banying documents as relates to the Navy of the
nited States be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of Said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Territories of
the United States be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to pensions and the
Pension Bureau be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying docuinonts as relates to the expenditures in
connection with the State Department bereferred to
the Committee on Expenditures in the State Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in
connection with the Treasury Department be referred
to the Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury
Department.
Resolved, That so much of said messagoand accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the War Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in the War Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the Navy Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the Post Office Department be referred
to the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office
Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the militia be referred
to the Committee on the Militia.
Resolved, Thatso much of saidmessage and accom-
Eanying documents as relates to the Pacific railroad
e referred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to roads and canals be
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Resolved, That so much of saidmessage and accom-
fianying documents as relates to the District of Co-
umbia be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia-.
Resolved, That so much of saidmessage and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject of recon-
struction bo referred to the joint Committee on Re-
construction.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the subject of freed-
men and freedmen's affairs be referred to the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said messago and accom-
panying documents as relates to the suhject of the
Atlantic telegraph be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the coinage and
weights and measures of the United States be re-
ferred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. I
do not think there is any Committee on Recon-
struction now, and one of these resolutions
proposes to refer a portion of the message to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is such a committee.
Mr. ROSS. I did not know it. I do not
think there is, and I think that part of the res-
olution is out of order, and should be stricken
out.
Mr. BROOKS. There is no such committee;
it is dead.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order; for by a vote of the committee,
concurred in by the House, such a reference
to the Committee on Reconstruction would
revive the committee by the force of the vote.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out that part
of the resolutions*
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
want to say—I will not discuss the question—
that we shall have new States coming in, per-
haps from week to week for ten weeks, and
they must be referred somewhere, and it was
thought better to refer them where such mat-
ters have been referred heretofore.
Mr. ROSS. It occurs to me that it is a very
unusual course for a single member, in a res-
olution of this kind, to resuscitate and revive
a committee when the question has not been
passed upon by the House. There is no Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and it is not proper
that one should be created in this way.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
modify the resolution by striking out the word
"joint."
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Illinois insist on his motion ?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir, I.do. I understand
that the resolution proposes a reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The same
as we had last year.
