1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2479
Mr. BOUTWELL. I accept the gentle-
man's explanation, but in consequence of his
remarks 1 wish only to say this: i have received
a letter from Mr. Shepherd asking that the
matter might be recommitted to the committee,
which I atn perfectly willing the gentleman or
any one else should read. Two gentlemen
outside of the committee-room have spoken to
me upon this matter and I declined to hear
their statement. In the statements I have
made and the course I have taken I have been
governed wholly by my convictions of duty,
based upon the testimony taken before the
committee.
Jlr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I would
be the last man on this floor that would either
directly or indirectly wantonly impugn the
motives of my brother members upon this
floor, and especially of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] for whom I
have personally a very high regard. Not the
slightest idea of improper motives on the part
of members has crossed my mind. All 1 in-
tended to t,ay was that it would be extraor-
dinary if these gentlemen who have been fight-
ing this claimant through the courts of the
United States for years could not bring some
facts and arguments to bear that would influ-
ence honest and intelligentgentlemen who had
not thoroughly examined the case to oppose
the measure before this House. That is what
I said, and I do not think my language or my
purpose in using it can be misunderstood. I
should regret to see the case recommitted. It
would be doing great injustice to McGarra-
han to give it that direction. The committee
have already given weeks to its investigation.
They have patiently listened to all parties in-
terested, and heard all the evidence they thought
proper to submit. There is not the slightest
probability that the case will ever be better
undersiood than it is at this time. Members
not of lhe committee cannot and will not give it
a thorough investigation. The report is before
the House . and if we are determined to refuse
this man this simple act of justice he had better
know Ins late at this time. Delay can do no
good to any one.
Lliere the hammer fell.]
Mr. \\ ILSOX, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
am satisfied that every member of the commit-
tee and of the House has endeavoi'ed to con-
sider this question fairly and in accordance
with its merits, and it resolves itself into this:
shall the Government of the United States
obsurvo its treaty obligations, protect the rights
of property involved under this grant, ami
permit this claimant, who has been reduced
from affluence to poverty in this fight, to get
that which justly belongs to him, or whether it
shall permit this valuable property to pass into
the hands of persons who are organized and
known as the New Idria Mining Company,
thereby receiving less from it than it will receive
from this claimant, and thereby perpetuating
a completely close monopoly of the oroduction
of this mineral on this continent. That is the
simple question. That the title is a good one
1 do not doubt. That the title is a good one
the other members of the committee concur-
ring in this report do not doubt. The ques-
tion, 1 repeat, reduces itself to this : whether
this Government will protect its citizens, ob
serve its obligations under the treaty, and give
to this man the poor privilege at least of pur-
chasing land which of right belongs to him. I
have no more to say.
The SPEAK Eli. Debate is exhausted on
the bill.
Mr. Ill GEY. Is it in order to move that
tbe bill be recommitte i.
Ihe bPliiAKER. It is not. The previous
question has been operating for the past hour.
The question is on the engrossment of tbe bili.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it not
in order to move to reconsider the vote by
which the previous question was seconded for
the purpose of moving to recommit the bill,
with instructions to the committee to report a
bill repealing all laws permitting these mineral
lands to be purchased at five dollars an acre?
'J'lie SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is in order, and if carried will divest the bill of
the operation of the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thrn I
make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order to say that
we reconsider for the purpose of making a
general rule to operate on all cases?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ROBINSON. I understood the gentle-
man from Illinois to make that statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, who is hostile to the bill in its present
shape, moves to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered, and if that
motion be carried he will then be entitled to
the floor, under the usage of the House, to make
the motion which he has indicated, to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope it will not be
reconsidered for any such purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
withdraw the motion to reconsider, and ask the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question
to be put.
The SPEAKER. The main question has
been ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
insist on my motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Take the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No; I
want to recommit the bill and save this amount
of land to the Government.
'j^Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. You cannot do it
in that way, because it will fall directly into
the hauds of the other party, the New Idria
Company.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Ihe question was taken; and the motion
was agreed to—ayes 50, noes 42.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to lay the bill upon
the table ; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 6-3, nays 73, not voting
(31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, DelosR. Ashley, karnes M.
Ashley, Bailey, linker. Baldwin, Beaity, Benjamin,
Blame, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,Cake, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb. Cobuin, Culiom, Ela, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Hawkins, llisby, Hopkins,
Hunter. Jenckes. Judd, Kelscy, Ketcham, Lincoln,
Logan, Majnard, McCarthy, Mooie, X mm, Paine,
Peiham, Plants, Pobley. Raum, Sawyer, Shanks,
Sitgreaves, Thomas, John Tnmbio, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyek, Ward, Elihu i>.
W ash burn e, Willi am B. Wash burn, William Williams,
and Stephen F. Wilson—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Beaman, Beck, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Biooks,
Broomall.Burr, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Hodge, Don-
nelly, Drmgs, Eldridge, E.iot, Garfield, Get/,, Gloss-
brenner, Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Harding, Hol-
iiian, Hooper,Jlotchkiss, Humphrey, Ingersoil,Johu-
s-ou, J uhan, Keiley, Iveir, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz,
Lallin, William Lawrence, Loughridge, Marshall
Mai vin.MuConnick, MeCullouirh, Morgan, IVjungen, j
Myers, iS'ewcomb, Niblaek, Nicholson, 0 JNeiil, Orth, j
Pike, Price, Pruyn, _RobertM>n. Itobuison, Roj>s, ;
Schenck, Scofield, Sin it h, Aaron P. Stevens. Thaddeus
Stevens, Stokes, Ta> lor, TwiohelS, Van Auken, Van
Trump, James F.Wilson,Wuidom, Woodbridge, and
Woodward—73.
KOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Banks, ,
Barnes, Bamum, Benton, Butler, Cai>,^Churchill, .
Cook, Coilicit, Uovode, i)awe?-. Dixon, Echley, Eg- !
gievton, Finney, Fox, Griswold, ilaight, ilalsey, >
ill*i. Asahel W. Hubbard, CneaterD. Hub'oaid, Rich- i
ard I). Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, George V. Law- !
rence. Loan, Lynoh, Mailory, MeClurg, Mcreur, Mil- i
ler, Moorhoad, Morreil, Morris.-ey, Muliins, Peters. [
Phelps, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Selye, Shel- j
labarger. Spalding, starkweather, Stewart, Scone, J
Taber, Taile, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aeniam, j
Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn, Wclker, Thomas Williams, j
John T. Wilson, and Wood—01, • j
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the ;
table. j
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed ;
and read a third time; and being engrossed, >
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand !
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill. 1
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I he question was taken ; and it was decided
m Lie affirmative—yeas 78, nays 40, not voting
62; as follows:
YEA&—Messrs. Adanm, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Beamsin, Beck, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Broomall,
Burr, Cake, Chanler Sidney Clarke, Covode, Dodge.
Donnelly, Driggs, Lldridge, Garfield, Gets, Glossbren-
ner. Goliaday, Gravely, Grover. Hateey, Harding,
liolman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Ingersoll
Jcnckes, Johnson,^ Julian, Keiley, Kerr, "Knott*
Koontz, Lnfiin, William Lawrence, Loughridge'
Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick*
McCullough, Morgan, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb!
Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pile, Price,
Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Ro?ss, Schenek,Scofield'
Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, Twiehell, Upson, Van Aernam, Van Trump,
James F. Wilson, Wmdom, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R.Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Bakei, Baldwin, Beatty, Benton,
Blaine, Boutwell, Brymwel), Buc-kland, Reader W,
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, E!a, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fields, Higby, Hopkins, Hunter, Judd,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Logan. Maynurd, Nunn, Paine, Perhara,
Polsley, Rauin, Sawyer, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Thomas,
John Trimhie, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn. Van
Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn. and William Williams—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Banks,
B >rnes, Barnum, Benjamin, Brooks, .Butler, Cary,
Churchill. Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon Eeklt-y, Eg-
gleston, Eliot, Finney, Fox, Griswold, H,tight, Haw-
kins, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard i). Hubbaid, liulbuid, Jones, Loan, Lynch,
Mailory, Mercur, Miller, Moore. Moorhead, Morrell,
Morrissey, Mulhns, Peters, Phelps, Plants, Poland,
Pomeroy, Randall, Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Starkweather. Sfewai t, Stone, Taber, Tafie, Law-
rence S. Trimble. Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Henry 1). Washburn, Wei-
kcr, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Wood—62.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WJLSO.V, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDKIl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for a few moments'/
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
extua copies of tax hill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Many gentlemen have
been inquiring about the extra copies of the
internal tax bill. I am enabled to inform the
House that the bill, in bill form, is now ready
for delivery to members ; probably it has already
been laid upon the tables of members, Bui the
Government Pi inter says he will not be able
to furnish the five thousand additional copies
(which are to be published in pamphlet form tor
convenience of distribution) until next Monday,
in the mean time I wtil a^k unanimous eon-
sent of the House, if that can be obtained—
and if not I will ask to have the motion referred
to the Committee on Printing—to have live hun-
dred additional copies, be\ond the live thou-
sand already ordered, published in pamphlet
form for distribution by members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Under the pres-
ent order the members of that committee will
receive no more copies than other members
of the House, while they receive hundreds of
applications for them. 1 have received, yes-
terday and to day. as many as sixty applica-
tions for copies. I therefore move that while
the Government Printer is printing the hve
thousand copies in pamphlet form for the use
of the House he be ordered to print five hun-
dred additional copies for the use of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
five hundred copies of the five thousand already
ordered can be given to the Committee of V\ ays
and Means.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. SCHENCK. We do not ask to have
these five hundred copies taken from the copies
already ordered for the use of the Hou^e.
The SPEAKER. Any additional order for
printing extra copies must go to the Committee
on Printing under the Jaw.
