3504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
of the Senate of May 29, 1868, further inform-
ation regarding the late election in Arkansas;
which was ordered to lie ou the table.
KKV1SI0N OF TIIK LAWS.
The PllESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following report of the commis-
sioners appointed under the act of June 27,
1800, to provide for the revision and consoli-
dation of the statute laws of the United States;
which was read:
The undersigned, commissioners appointed under
the aet of June 27, 1866, "to provide for the reviMon
and consolidation of the statute lawn of tho United
States." respectfully report, to tho Senate:
That they began their labors by an examination of
the methods adopted in revisions of a similar charac-
ter, and afterward framed a provisional scheme for
the work in hand. They iirransjed tho contents of
the Statiites-at-Liirfjo, so far as it could bedono pro-
visionally, undertitles, and proceeded to revise these
titles separately. It became apparent that, they wore
so connected that very few of thorn could be consid-
ered safely ascertained and completed until the body
of connected titles should be revised. They have,
therefore, pursued the necessary course, and have
prepared a. considerable amount of material upon the
various connected titles.
Tn doing this work they have found it indispensable
to recast every statute from which they take any pro-
vision. Where several statutes relating to the same
subject modify each other it has been impossible to
state their united cffect without writing a new statuto.
To retain the, language of the fragments in t'oreo would
commonly bo to misstate the intention of the whole.
The caro necessary in this process requires greater
time than a revision after tho method of compilation
would have done.
Tiie few specimens which they havo printed have
been offered meicly as examples of tile method
adopted by them, and not as indicating the amount
of work done. They have hoped that by means of a
reference of these to appropriate committees they
might ascertain whether that method was deemed by
Congress to bo in accordance with the act by which
they aro authorized.
The commissioners have been obliged to expend a
considerable part of their labor in learning tho art;
and they hel^jvo that their experience must enable
them, as it. already does, to work with increasing
rapidity. But they are still unablo to answer the
second inquiry put to them in tho resolution of tho
Senate with delinitoness. They do not believe, how-
ever, that with any amount of industry and ability
the revision of the permanent and general statutes
of the United States can be correctly done within
the period limited by tho act of June 27. They can
only say that they arc giving their best endeavors to
accomplish tho work without delay and with strict
correctness. WILLIAM ,1011 N'STOX,
CIURXKS P. JAMES.
The commissioners herewith submit threo reports:
3. Tho laws relating to patents.
2. The laws relating to tho Army.
3. The laws relating to public printing.
Mr. THUMBULL. I move that that report
be printed, and that the accompanying com-
munications, which aro specimens of the work,
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They all ought to so to one committee to see
as to the mode of doing this work.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of me-
chanics, citizens of Salem, praying relief for
the African export trade of distilled spirits;
which was ordered to lie on tho table.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
James Travel's, praying for a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DKAKE presented a memorial of W.
R. ljaughlinand Solomon Markhain, delegates
appointed by the settlers on the Osage and
Cherokeejands, remonstrating against the rati-
fication of the Osage treaty; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a resolution of
the mayor and common council of Jersey
City, New Jersey, asking the passage of the
bill now pending before Congress to promote
the efficiency of the American commercial
marine, to establish a national marine school
for the orphans of soldiers and sailors killed
in battle or deceased in the service of the
United States, and others, and to make addi-
tional provision for disabled veterans of the
naval service. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affair.-;.
It was so referred.
Mr. CATTELL presented a memorial of
producers, dealers in, and consumers of arti-
cles required in dyeing and tanning, praying
for the imposition of a specific duty on sumac
imported from foreign countries; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. VICKEIIS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia. Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers anu
sailors and the widows of soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. VAN" WINKLE presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions be granted the soldiers and
sailors and the widows of soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. COM NESS. I present an extended
petition sent by telegraph from California,
and signed by a great number of the most
prominent citizens of that State, connected
with its industries, which reads thus:
"-We, the undersigned, representatives of the inter-
ests of California and of tho leading vineyards, do
respectfully petition you to uso overy effort in your
official oapacity to have tho duty on grape brandy
reduced in proportion to the reduction on other
spirits, or if possible entirely removed. Webelievo
the life of this great and growing vineyard interest
demands such action on tho part of Congress."
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Finance, to whom the bill will
go when it comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.
II. No. 10:55) authorizing the Manufacturers'
National Bank of New York to change its'loca-
tion, reported adversely thereon, and moved
that it be indefinitely postponed ; which was
'agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (Ii. R. No. 1282) author-
izing certain banks named therein to change
their names, reported adversely thereon, and
moved that it be indefinitely postponed; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) in favor of A.
W. Walker, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the petition of Henry Newell, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed. •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred tbe
petition of Clara Moore, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1205) to further amend the
postal laws, reported it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a letter
of the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 5th of April, 1867, information in rela-
tion to the employment of Louis V. Bogy in
the Department of the Interior, submitted a
report, accompanied by the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That tbe appointment by tbe Secretary
of the Interior of Louis V. Bogy as special agent,
under the circumstances and for the purposes stated
in his communication to the Senate of the 8th of
April, 18(37, and as explained in the lettcrto the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary of tho 18tb of April, 1867, was
improper and unauthorized.
The reportand resolution were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 370) forthe
relief of Thomas Wolfe, of Macoupin county,
Illinois,, reported adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. J. M. Hoek-
adny, praying compensation for property
destroyed by the Mormons in 1850, asked to
be discharged lium its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
LOIS CLARK.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Lois Clark, daughter of Abra-
ham Lawrence, deceased, a soldier of the
revolutionary war, praying to be allowed the
pension due her father, to report a bill grant-
ing her relief. I ask unanimous consent that
it may be considered at this time. It was
accidentally laid aside in the committee-room,
and has lost its placei. It was presented very
early.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 569)
granting relief to Lois Clark was read three
times, and passed. It provides for the pay-
ment to Lois Clark, of Milton, Vermont, of
the sum of $757 due to her father, Abraham
Lawrence, a soldier of the Revolution, being
his pension from the 4th of March, 1831, to
the day of his death, June 13, 1887.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 570) for a grant of land and granting tho
right of way over the public lands to the Den-
ver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent. obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
571) to provide for the more economical admin-
istration of the government, of the several Ter-
ritories of the United States, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUB asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 572) to incorporate the Island City Harbor
Company ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 57S)
to provide for a life-boat to be stationed on
Narragansett beach, Rhode Island ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask leave to present an
amendment forthe purpose of having itprintech,
which I propose to offer to House bill No. 768
when it is considered. It is a bill concerning
the rights of American citizens in foreign States.
I move that the amendment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Seaate bill
No. 478.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 478) to amend an act entitled " An act for
the removal of the Sisseton, Waupeton, Meda-
wakonton, and Waupekute bands of Sioux or
Dakota Indians, and for the disposition of
their lands in Minnesota and Dakota," ap-
proved March 3, 1863, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend the first section of the act of March 3,
1803, so as to read:
That the President is authorized, and hereby di-
rected, to assign to and set apart for the Sisseton.
Waupeton, Mcdawokonton, and Waupekute bands
01 feioux. Indiana, a tract or tracts of unoccupied
lands, outride of the limits of any Strife, sufficient
m extent to enable him to assign to each member of
said band;?, or either of them who are willing to
adopt the pursuit of agriculture, eighty acres of
frood agricultural lands, the sarae to be well adapted
to agricultural purposes.
Mr. TIIAYEii. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Minnesota where these Indians
now are.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is a very simple mat-
ter, which can readily be explained. The bill
makes no appropriation of money or of lands.
-After the Sioux massacre of 18ti2, the reser-
vation belonging to the Sioux Indians in Min-
nesota and their annuities were confiscated by
the Government; but the Government, consid-
ering that there was still some care to be be-
