THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Stanton was present, held while the ienure-of-offiee
bill was before the Presidcntfor approval, the advice
of the Cabinet in regard to the same was asked by the
President and given by the Cabinet; and thereupon
the question whether Mr. Stanton and the otherSec-
retaries who had received their appointment from
Mr. Lincoln were- within the restrictions upon the
President's power of removal from office created by
said act was considered, and the opinion expressed
that the Secretaries appointed by Mr. Lincoln were
not within such restrictions."
And,
" That at the Cabinet meetings between the passage
of the tenure-of-civil-otfice bill and the order of the
21st of lebruary, 1868, for the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton, upon occasions when thecondition of the public
service as affected by the operation of that bill came
up for the consideration and advice of the Cabinet, it
was considered by the President and Cabinet that a
properregard to the public service made it desirable
that upon some proper case a judicial determina-
tion on the constitutionality of the law should be
obtained."
This evidence was, in my opinion, clearly
admissible as cumulative of, or to explain or
disprove, the message of the President, which
narrates substantially the same facts, and which
the Managers have introduced and made a part
of their case; but it was rejected as incom-
petent testimony by a vote of the Senate. I
believe that decision was erroneous; and in-
asmuch as there is no tribunal to revise the
errors of this, and it is impossible to order a
new trial of this case, I deem it proper to regard
these offers to prove as having been proved.
We have in addition to this testimony as to
the intent of the President the evidence of Gen-
eral Sherman. The President desired to ap-
point General Sherman Secretary ad interim
for the Department of War, and tendered to
him the office. The complications in which
the office was then involved was talked over
between them. General Sherman says that the
subject of using force to eject Mr. Stanton from
the office was only mentioned by the President
to repel the idea. When General Sherman
asked him why the lawyers could not make up
a case and have the conflicting questions de-
cided by the courts, his reply was "that it was
found impossible, or a case could not be made
up ; but," said he, " if we can bring the case
to the courts it would not stand half an hour."
Here, then, we have the President advised
by all of the members of his Cabinet, including
the Attorney General, whose duty it is made by
law to give legal advice to him, including the
Secretary for the Department of War, also an
eminent lawyer and an Attorney General of the
United States under a former Administration,
that the act of March 2, 1867, was unconstitu-
tional and void, that the three members of the
Cabinet holding over from Mr. Lincoln's ad-
ministration were not included within its pro-
visions, and that it was desirable that upon
some proper case a judicial determination on
the constitutionality of the law should be
obtained.
Now, when it is remembered that, according
to Chief Justice Marshall, the act of 1789, creat-
ing the Department of War, was intentionally
framed "so as to clearly imply the power of
removal to be solely in the President," and that
"as the bill passed into a law, it has ever been
considered as a fall expression of the sense of
the Legislature on this important part of the
American Constitution;'' when it is remem-
bered that this construction has been acquiesced
in and acted on by every President from Wash-
ington to Johnson, by the Supreme Court, by
every Congress of the United States from the
first that ever assembled under the Constitution
down to the Thirty-Ninth ; and when it is re-
membered that all of the President's Cabinet
and the most eminent counselors within his
reach advised him that the preceding Con-
gresses, the past Presidents and statesmen, and
Story and Ivent and Thompson and Marshall
were right in their construction of the Consti-
tution, and the Thirty-Ninth Congress wrong,
is it strange that he should doubt or dispute the
constitutionality of the tenure-of-office act?
Butall this is aside from the question whether
Mr. Stanton's case is included in the provis-
ions of that act. If it was not, as I think it
clearly was not, then the question of intent is
not in issue, for he did no unlawful act. If it
was included then I ask whether, in view of
those facts, the President's guilty intent to do
an unlawful act " shines with such a clear and
certain light" as to justify, to require, us to
pronounce him guilty of a high constitutional
crime or misdemeanor? The Manager, Mr.
Boutwell, admits that—
" If a law passed by Congress be equivocal or am-
biguousin its terms, the Executive, being called upon
may apply bis ownbest judgment to
the aimculties before him, or he may seek counsel of
his advisers or other persons; and acting thereupon
e,vl* mtent or purpose, he would be fully jus-
tified,and upon no principle of rightcould he bo held
to answer as for a misdemeanor in office."
Does not this admission cover this case? Is
there not doubt about the legal construction of
the tenure-of-office act? Shall we condemn
the President for following the counsel of his
advisers and for putting precisely the same con-
struction upon the first section of the act that
we put upon it when we enacted it into a law?
. It is not necessary for me to refer to another
statement made by a Manager in order to sus-
tain my view of this case ; but I allude to it
only to put on record my reprobation of the
doctrine announced. It was said that—■
"The Senate, for tile purpose of deciding whether
the respondent is innocent or guilty, can enter into
no inquiry as to the constitutionality of the act,
which it was the President's duty to execute, and
which, upon his own answer, and-by repeated official
confessions and admissions, he intentionally, will-
fully, deliberately set aside and violated."
I cannot believe it to bo our duty to convict
the President of an infraction of a law, when
in our consciences we believe the law itself to
be invalid, and therefore having no binding
effect. _ If the law is unconstitutional it is null
and void, and the President has committed no
offense and done no act deserving of impeach-
ment.
Again, the Manager said:
"The constitutional duty of the President is to obey
and execute thelaws. He has no authority under the
Constitution, or by any law, to onterinto anyschemes
or plans for the purpose of testing the validity of the
laws of the country, either judicially or otherwise.
Erery law of Congress may be tested in the courts,
but it is not made the duty of any person to so test
the laws."
Is this so? It is not denied, I think, that
the constitutional validity of this law could not
be tested before the courts unless a case was
made and presented to them. No such case
could be made unless the President made a re-
moval. That act of his would necessarily be
the basis on which the case would rest. He-is
sworn to "preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States." He must
defend it against all encroachments, from what-
ever quarter. A question arose between the
legislative and executive departments as to their
relative powers in the matter of removals and
appointments to office. That question was,
Does the Constitution confer on the President
the power which the tenure-of-office act seeks
to take away? It was a question manifestly of
construction and interpretation. The Consti-
tution has provided a common arbiter in such
cases of controversy—the Supreme Court of
the United States. Before that tribunal can
take jurisdiction a removal must be made. The
President attempted to give the court jurisdic-
tion in that way. For doing so he is impcachcd,
and for the reason, as the Managers say, that—
"lie has no authority underthe Constitution, or by
any law, to enter into any schemes or plans for the
purpose of testing the validity of the laws of the
country, either judicially or otherwise."
If this be true, then if the two Houses of
Congress should pass by a two-thirds vote over
the President's veto an act depriving the Pres-
ident of the right to exercise the pardoning
power, and he should exercise that power
nevertheless, or if he should exercise it only in
a §ingle case for the purpose of testing the con-
stitutionality of the law, he would be guilty of
a high crime and misdemeanor and impeacha-
ble accordingly. The Manager's theory estab-
lishes at once the complete supremacy of Con-
gress over the other branches of Government.
1 can give my assent to no such doctrine.
This was a punitive statute. It was directed
against the President alone. It interfered with
the prerogatives of his department as recog-
nized from the foundation of the. Government.
It wrested from him powers which, according
to the legislative and judicial construction of
eighty years, had been bestowed upon,him by
the Constitution itself. In iny opinion it was
not only proper, but it was his duty to,cause,
the disputed question to be determined in the
manner and by the trib unal established for such
purposes. This Government can oply be pre-
served and the liberty of the people maintained
bjr preserving intact the coordinate branches
of it—legislative, executive, judicial—alike- I
am no convert to any doctrine of the omnipo-
tence of Congress.
But it is said that in our legislative capacity
we have several times decided this question,and
that our judgments on this trial are therefore
foreclosed. As for myself, I have done no act,
given no vote, uttered no word, inconsistent with
my present position. I never believed Mr. Stan-
ton came within the provisions of the tenure-
of-office act, and I never did any act, or gave
any vote, indicating such a belief. If I had
done so, I should not consider myself precluded
from revising any judgment then expressed, for
I am now acting in another capacity, under the
sanction of a new oath, aftera fM examination
of the facts, and with the aid of a thorough dis-
cussion of the law as applicable to them. The
hasty and inconsiderate action of the Senate on
the 21st February may have been, and probably
was, a sufficient justification for the action of
the House of Representatives, as the grand
inquest of the nation, in presenting their arti-
cles of impeachment, but it furnishes no reason
or apology to us for acting otherwise than under
the responsibilities of our judicial oath, since
assumed.
The tenth article charges that, in order to
"bring into disgrace, ridicule,hatred,contempt,and
reproach the Congress of the United States, and the
several branches thereof, to impair and destroy the
regard and respect of all the good people of the Uni-
ted States for the Congress and legislative power
thereof, (which all officers of the Government ought
inviolably to preserve and maintain,) and to excite
the odium and resentment of all the good people of
the United States against Congress, and the laws by
it duly and constitutionally enacted; and in pursu-
ance of his said design and intent, openly and pub-
licly, and before divers assemblages of the citizens
of the United Stateseonvened in divers parts thereof
to meet and receive said Andrew Johnson as the
Chief Magistrate of the United States, did, on the
18 th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1860, and
on divers other days and times, as well before as
afterward, make and deliver with a loud voice cer-
tain intemperate, inflammatory, and scandalous ha-
rangues,, and did therein utter loud threats and bitter
menaces."
These speeches were made in 1866. They
were addressed to promiscuous popular assem-
blies, and were unattended by any official act.
They were made by the President in his char-
acter of a citizen. They were uttered against
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, which ceased to
exist more than a year ago. That body deemed
them to be unworthy of their attention, and the
present House of liepresentatives decided by
an overwhelming majority that they, too, dijl
not consider them worthy to be made the
ground of impeachment.
The first amendment to the Constitution of
the United States declares that "Congress
shall make no law" "abridging the freedom
of speech." Congress, therefore, could pass no
law to punish the utterance of those speeches
before their delivery; but according to the the-
ory of this prosecution, we, sitting as a court
ajter their delivery, can make a law, each for
himself, to govern this case and to punish the
President.
I have no apology to make forthe President's
speeches. Grant that they were indiscreet,
indecorous, improper, vulgar, shall we not, by
his conviction on this article, violate the spirit
of the Constitution which guaranties to him
the freedom of speech ? And would we not
also violate the spirit of that other clause of
the Constitution which forbids the passage of
ex post facto laws ? We are sworn to render
impartial justice in this case according to the
Constitution and the laws. According to what
laws ? Is it to be, in the absence of any writ-
