1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
? perity in all branches of business. For seventy
years, no Federal tax-gatherer had ever been
seen among the laboring population of the
United States. Our public debt was less than
sixty-live million dollars. The annual expendi-
tures of the Government, including interest on
^ the public debt, were less than sixty-four mil-
| lion dollars. The revenues from customs alone
\ amounted to six sevenths of the expenditures.
J The value of our agricultural products for that
j year amounted to §1,625,000,000. Our cotton
; crop alone was two billion one hundred and
! fifty-five million pounds, and we supplied to
the markets of the world seven eighths of all
the cotton consumed. Our merchant marine
engaged in foreign trade amounted to two mil-
lion five hundred and forty-six thousand two
hundred and thirty-seven tons, and promised
soon to rival the immense carrying trade of
England.
FROM PEACE TO WAS.
Let us now observe the effect of the war on
the various departments of business. From
the moment the first hostile gun was fired, the
Federal and State governments became gigantic
consumers. As far as production was con-
cerned, eleven States were completely separated
from the Union. Two million laborers, more
than one third of the adult population of the
northern States, were withdrawn from the
ranks of producers and became only consumers
of wealth. The Federal Government became
an insatiable devourer. Leavi ng out of account
the vast sums expended by States, counties,
cities, towns, and individuals for the payment
of bounties, for the relief of sick and wounded
soldiers and their families, and omitting the
losses, which can never be estimated, of prop-
erty destroyed by hostile armies, I shall speak
only of expenditures which appear on the books
of the Federal Treasury. From the 30th of J une,
1861, to the 30th of June, 1865, there were paid
out of the Federal Treasury $3,340,990,211,
making an aggregate during these four years of
more than eight hundred and thirty-six million
dollars per xumum.
From the official records of the Treasury
Department it appears that from the begin-
ning of the American Revolution in 1775, to
the beginning of the late rebellion, the total ex-
penditures of the Government for all purposes,
including the assumed war debts of the States,
amounted to $2,250,000,000. The expendi-
tures of four years of the rebellion were nearly
$1,100,000,000 more than all the other Fed-
eral expenses since the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. The debt of England, which had
its origin ill the revolution of 1088, and was
increased by more than one hundred years of
war and other political disasters, had reached
in 1793 the sum of $1,268,000,000. During
the twenty-two years that followed, while Eng-
land was engaged in a life and death struggle
with Napoleon, (the greatest war in history
save our own,) $3,050,000,000 were added to
her debt. In our four years of war we spent
$300,000,000 more than the amount by which
England increased her debt in twenty-two years
of war; almost as much as she had increased
it in one hundred and twenty-five years of war.
Now, the enormous demand which this expend-
iture created for all the products of industry,
stimulated to an unparalleled degree every de-
partment of business. The plow, furnace,
mill, loom, railroad, steamboat, telegraph—all
were driven to their utmost capacity. Ware-
houses were emptied; and the great reserves
of supply, which all nations in a normal state
keep on hand, were exhausted to meet the
demands of the great consumer. For many
months, the Government swallowed three mil-
lions per day of the products of industry.
Under the pressure of this demand, prices rose
rapidly in every department of business. Labor
everywhere found quick and abundant returns.
Old debts were canceled and great fortunes
were made.
For the transaction of this enormous busi-
ness an increased amount of currency was
needed ; but I doubt if any member of this
House can be found, bold enough to deny that
40xii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 156.
the deluge of Treasury notes poured upon the
country during the war, was far greater than
even the great demands of business. Let it
not be forgotten, however, that the chief object
of these issues was not to increase the currency
of the country. They were authorized with
great reluctance and under the pressure of
overwhelming necessity, as a temporary expe-
dient to meet the demands of the Treasury!
They were really forced loans in the form of
Treasury notes. By the ac; of July 17, 1861,
an issue of demand notes was authorized to
the amount of §50,000,000. By the act of
August 5, 1861, this amount was increased
$50,000,000 more. By the act of February 25,
1862, an additional issue of $150,000,000 was
authorized. On the 17th of the same month
an unlimited issue of fractional currency was
authorized. On the 17th of January, 1803, an
issue of $150,000,000 more was authorized,
which was increased $50,000,000 by the act of
March 3, of the same year. This act also
authorized the issue of one and two years'
Treasury notes, bearing interest at five per
cent., to be a legal tender for their face, to the
amount of $400,000,000. By the act of June
30, 1864, an issue of six per cent, compound-
interest notes, to be a legal tender for their
face, was authorized, to the amount of $200,-
000,000. In addition to this, many other forms
of paper obligation were authorized, which,
though not a legal tender, performed many of
the functions of currency. By the act of
March 1, 1862, the issue of an unlimited
amount of certificates of indebtedness was au-
thorized, and within ninety days after the pas-
sage of the act, there had been issued and were
outstanding of these certificates, more than one
hundred and fifty-six million dollars. Of
course these issues were not all outstanding at
the same time, but the acts show how great
was the necessity for loans during the war.
The law which made the vast volume of
United States notes a legal tender operated
as an act of general bankruptcy. The man who
loaned $1,000 in July, 1861, payable in three
years, was compelled by this law to accept at
maturity, as a full discharge of the debt, an
amount of currency equal in value to $350 of
the money he loaned. Private indebtedness
was everywhere canceled. Rising prices in-
creased the profits of business, but this pros-
perity was caused by the great demand for
products, and not by the abundance of paper
money. Asa means of transacting the vast busi-
ness of the country, a great volume of currency
was indispensable ; and its importance cannot
be well overestimated. But let us not be led
into the fatal error of supposing that paper
money created the business or produced the
wealth. As well might it be alleged that our
liversand canals produce the grain which they
float to market. Like currency, the channels
of commerce stimulate production, but can-
noi nullify the inexorable law of demand and
supply.
FROM WAR TO I'DACE.
Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored to trace
the progress of our industrial revolution in
passing from peace to war. In returning from
war to peace all the conditions were reversed.
At once the Government ceased to be an
all-devouring consumer. _ Nearly two million
able bodied men were discharged from the
Army and Navy and enrolled in the ranks of
the producers. The expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, which for the fiscal year ending
June, 30, 1865, amounted to SI.290,000,000,
were reduced to $520,000,000 in 1866, to j
$346,000,000 inl867; and, if the retrenchment 1
measures recommended by the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue be adopted, another
year will bring them below $300,000,000.
Thus during the first year after the war the
demands of the Federal Government as a con-
sumer, decreased sixty per cent.; and in the
second year the decrease had reached seventy-
four percent., with a fair prospect of a still
further reduction.
The recoil of this sudden change^ would have
produced great financial disaster in 1866, but I
for the fact that there was still open to industry
the work of replacing the wasted reserves of
supply, which in all countries in a healthy state
of business, are estimated to be sufficient for
two years. During 1866, the fall in price of
all articles of industry, amounted to an average
of ten per cent. One year ago a table was
prepared at my request, by Mr. Edward Young,
in the office of the Special Commissioner of
the Revenue, exhibiting a comparison of whole-
sale prices at New York in December, 1865,
and December, I860. It shows that in ten
leading articles of provisions there was an
average decline of twenty-two percent., though
beef, flour, and other breadstufFs remained
nearly stationary. On cotton and woolen goods,
boots, shoes, and clothing, the decline was
thirty per cent. On the products of manufac-
ture and mining, including coal, cordage, iron,
lumber, naval stores, oils, tallow, tin, and wool,
the decline was twenty-five per cent. The
average decline on all commodities was at least
ten per cent. According to the estimates of
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue in
his late report, the average decline during 1867
has amounted at least to ten per cent. more.
During the past two years, Congress has pro-
vided by law for reducing internal taxation
$100,000,000; and the act passed a few weeks
ago, has reduced the tax on manufactures to
the amount of $64,000,000 per annum. The
repeal of the cotton tax will make a further
reduction of $20,000,000. State and munici-
pal taxation and expenditures have also been
greatly reduced. The work of replacing these
reserves delayed the shock and distributed its
effects, but could not avert the inevitable result.
During the past two years, one by one, the
various departments of industry produced a
supply equal to the demand. Then followed a
glutted market, a fall in prices, and a stagna-
tion of business by which thousands of laborers
were thrown out of employment.
If to this it be added that the famine in
Europe and the drought in many of the agri-
cultural States of the Union have kept the price
of provisions from falling as other commodities
have fallen", we shall have a sufficient explana-
tion of the stagnation of business and the
unusual distress among our people.
This industrial revolution has beengoverned
by laws beyond the reach of Congress. No
legislation could have arrested it at any stage
of its progress. The most that could possibly
be done by Congress was to take advantage of
the prosperity it occasioned, to raise a revenue
for the support of the Government, and to mit-
igate the severity of its subsequent pressure, by
reducing the vast machinery of war to the lowest
scale possible. Manifestly nothing can be more
absurd than to suppose that the abundance of
currency produced the prosperity of 1863,1864,
and 1805, or that the want of it is the cause of
our present stagnation.
THE FUNCTIONS OP CURRENCY.
In order to reach a satisfactory understand-
ing of the currency question, it is necessary to
consider somewhat fully, the nature and func-
tions of money or any substitute for it.
The theory of money which formed the basis
of the '' Mercantile system'' of the seventeenth
and eighteenth centuries, has been rejected by
all leading financiers and political economists
for the last seventy-five years. That theory
asserted that money is wealth ; that the great
object of every nation should be to increase its
amount of gold and silver; that this was a
direct increase of national wealth.
It is now held as an indisputable truth that
money is an instrument of trade and performs
but two functions. It is a measure of value and
a medium of exchange.
In cases of simple barter, where no money
is used, we estimate the relative values of the
commodities to be exchanged, in dollars and
cents, it being our only universal measure of
value.
As a medium of exchange, money is to all
business transactions, what_ ships are to the
transportation of merchandise. If a hundred
vessels of a given tonnage are just sufficient"to
