1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3505
stowed upon them, authorized the sale of the
reservation, and the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of that sale from time to time among
these Indians. If it is desired, I can read the
various sections of the law of 18G3, but I pre-
sume that is not necessary. It provided that
the President should locate these Indians upon
a tract, using the word " tract" in the singular,
outside of the borders of any State. In pur-
suance of that authority, the most mischievous
of these people, those who were kept in prison
for some time at Davenport, a thousand or so
of them, those who had been convicted by a
court- martial of violence upon the white set-
tlers in Minnesota, were removed to a reserva-
tion at the mouth of the Niobrara. The pro-
ceeds of the sale of their old reservation,
under the construction which the Indian de-
partment gives to this law, are distributed
entirely among those Indians; and yet they
are but a small fraction and the least deserving
fraction of the Indians who formerly were
entitled to the reservation in Minnesota and to
its proceeds. There were four bands, the
Waupetons, Medawakontons, Waupekutes, and
Sissetons. The Waupekutes and Medawakon-
tons were the mischief makers, the bloody
Indians who were sent down to the mouth of
the Niobrara ; the others are up in the Territory
of Dakota, and by a treaty which the Govern-
ment made with those Indians in the spring
of 1867 they were entitled to a reservation, and
to some other advantages to be provided for
them by the Government. But not one cent
from that time to this has ever been given
to them ; they are without the least help ; and
the Indian department is unable to give them
any assistance whatever. The Indian depart-
ment hold that their power for the benefit of
these bands is exhausted by the distribution
which they make to the Indians at the mouth
of the Niobrara ; but there are only one thou-
sand there, and there are four thousand Sis-
setons and Waupetons in Dakota, and recog-
nizing the fact that they are entitled in equity
to an equal participation this bill is intro-
duced. There is an accumulation of about
fifty thousand dollars, probably, realized from
the sale of their old reservation, and with the
assistance of one half or two thirds of that, to
which they would be properly entitled, the
Government can do them a benefit and help to
open their farms on the reservation. The Sen-
ate will recollect that some time ago it agreed
to an appropriation of $20,000 for the relief
of these Indians, in consideration of their great
necessity and destitution ; butthathas not been
heard from since it went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, some two months since, and these
Indians are entirely without help, and the In-
dian Bureau is without the ability to help them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does this bill
come before the Committeeon Indian Affairs?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is recommended by the
Committee on Indian Affairs unanimously.
Mr. TIIAYBR. The Senator from Minne-
sota has failed to answer my question.
Mr. RAMSEY. What was the question?
Mr. THAYER. I will put it in this shape :
does the bill relate to those Indians who are
now located at the mouth of the Niobrara, in
Nebraska?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly it relates to them;
and it relates to those in Dakota.
Mr. THAYER. I ask to have the bill read
again.
The bill was read.
Mr. RAMSEY. The only modification is
that it introduces the words " tract or tracts''
instead of the singular "tract." The first
section of the act of 1863 provides that the
President shall locate these Indians on a tract
of land outside of the borders of any State.
The whole object of this bill is to reproduce
that first section with this change, using '• tract
or tracts,'' so as to justify the Indian Bureau
in relieving the Indians who are located upon
the reservation in the Territory of Dakota.
There is no other way of relieving them.
Mr. THAYER. Jt does not result in remov-
ing the Indians from Nebraska?
Mr. RAMSEY. Notatall. You can have
them, and more of them ifyou desire them there.
Mr. THAYER. I want to say to my friend
from Minnesota, who represents that these
Indians were the worst of those who removed
front Minnesota, that since they have come into
our jurisdiction they are peaceable, quiet In-
dians, and we have no disposition to have thetn
removed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am glad to know that you
are so pleased with them. We can send you
another installment. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER, We treat them kindly and
civilize them.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
STEPHEN O. MONTANO.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 553.
Mr. CONNESS. What is it about?
Mr. SUMNER. It is entitled '' A bill to pay
Stephen G. Montano, a citizen of Peru, an
unpaid balance of money awarded to him by
the mixed commission authorized by the con-
vention of January 12, 1863, between the
United States and Peru." It grows out of a
judgment of a California court.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not to pay for a Brit-
ish ship ?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; you are not against
this.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Stephen G. Montano, a
citizen of Peru, or his legal representatives,
the sum of $27,800 48 in coin, with interest in
coin from the 11th of July, 1864, to the time
of payment, the same being an unpaid balance
of money due to him from the United States
under a decree of the mixed commission au-
thorized by the convention of January 12, 1863,
between the United Stales and Peru, for the
settlement of pending claims of citizens of
either country against the other.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PORTAGE LAKE SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 398.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 398) to establish the
right of way of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal, and to provide for the
extension and completion of the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have reported the bill
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute. The amendment only will be read, unless
the reading of the original bill is called for by
some Senator.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the Portage Lake and Lake Superior Ship-
Canal Company, a company organized under the laws
of the State of Michigan, bo, and hereby is. author-
ized to construct a breakwater in Keweenaw bay,
Lake Superior, not exceeding two thousand feet m
width, on the bank oi said bay, and a ship-canal
from the most eligible point in said bay to Portage
lake, which canal shall bo at least one hundred feet
in width, and not less than thirteen feet in depth:
PiooulcU, The said canal company shall also remove
the rock« in Portage lake, po as to secure free and
unobstructed navigation.with ttiirteen feet water in
the channel of said lake, through to the head thereof,
and the right of way through said lake is hereby
granted to said company, not exceeding six hundred
foot in width. And the Secretary of War shall des-
ignate an engineer of the Army who shall examine
the obstructions in said lake, and report the same to
said Secretary, witli maps thereof, and shall report
to the said Secretary when t'ncwoik contemplated
in this section shall be completed in a permanent
manner. And said engineer shall also ascertain
whether any money has been expended to aid the
navigation into Portago lake, in the route of said
ship-eanal; by whom expended, if any has been
expended, the amount expended; and after deduct-
ing: tile reimbursements received, if any, by persons
so expending said money for the purpose aforesaid,
shall report the balance to the said Secretary of
War,it anybalancoia found, and shall establish the
time in which the sum so found shall be paid; and
the grants contained in this act. shall be subject to
tile payment of said money so actually expended.
Sec. 2. And be it further cvaeted, That there is
hereby granted to the State of Michigan for the use
and benefit ot the Portage Lake and Lake Superior
bnip-Ganal Company, to aid in the construction of
the work provided for in ilio first, section of this act,
in accordance with thc act of the Legislature of the
State ot .Michigan in relation thereto, two hundred
thousand acres of public land, to be selected from
the odd-numbered sections in the Marquette land
district, m the upper peninsula of .Michigan, subject
to sale or preemption, and which have been sur-
veyed, but to which t>'> preemption or homestead
rights have attachod, and which have not been re-
served in any grant heretofore made by Congress nor
otherwise disposed of. Said lands may be selected
by said company at any time, and patents to issue
therefor as hereinafter provided: And provided far-
ther, That said canal shall be and remain a public
highway for the useof the Governmentof the United
States, tree from toll or charge upon the vessels of
said Government, or upon vessels employed by said
Government in the transportation of any property
or troops of the Cni-tcd States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the .afore-
said company shall forthwith establish the route of
said canal and the plan of said breakwater, and
file plats or a plat thereof in the office of the War
Department, and shall obtain the approval of the
same by the Secretary of War, and all the expenses
incurred in carrying out the provisions of this act
shall be borne by said company.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if said break-
water and ship-eanal shall not be completed accord-
ing to the plans so approved by the Secretary of
War, and said obstructions removed within five
years fiom the passage of this act, the lands hereby
granted shall revert to the United States: Provided,
That whenever said breakwater and ship-canal shall
be completed according to the provisions of this act,
and said obstructions shall beremoved, and said Sec-
retary of War shall certify to the same patents for
the lands herein granted shall be issued to the said
company.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment iu section two, line thirteen, by
inserting after the words "disposed of" the
words "and which are not known upon the
maps or reports of the public surveys as min-
eral.''
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title of the bill was amended so as to
read: "A bill extending the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal to Keweenaw bay,
providing for the right of way, and making a
grant of land to aid in the continuance of said
extension."
WAGON-ROADS IN DAKOTA TKRIUTORY.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration-of House bill No.
650, reported by me yesterday from the Com-
mittee on Territories aud, then laid over for
examination.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 050) to amend act of 3d March, 18G5,
providing for the construction of certain wagon-
roads in Dakota Territory was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the bill so
as to limit the amount appropriated to the sum
of §0,500, which is the estimate for the expense
of the bridge now made by the Department of
the Interior in a letter which I have from that
Department in my hand. The amendment is
in line three, after the word "that," to insert
"so much of;" and in lino six, to strike out the
words "or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary and insert "as shall not exceed the sum
of $6,500;" so as to make the bill read:
That so much of the unexpended balance of an
appropriation made March 3,1S65, for the construc-
tion ot certain wagon-roads in the Territory of l)a-
kot.i, as shall not exceed the sum of $6,500, be. and
the same is hereby, applied to the completion ot the
bridge over the Dakota river, on the lino ot the (gov-
ernment road leading from Sioux City, in the Sta,e
of Iowa, to the ruouth of the Cheyenne river, in
Dakota 'Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
40TT1 CON<I 21) SB'
-No. 220.
