1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to yield me a
moment, that I may correct a wrong impres-
sion which has been conveyed 
Mr. PAINE. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. I have not time.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburne] thinks that I have unfairly
represented the action of the committee by
contrasting these two appropriations and leav-
ing out of view the other appropriations for
surveys in this bill. Why, Mr. Chairman, I
selected those two items because they were be-
fore the House ; but I am quite willing to look
at the others ; and I am sorry to say that when
we come to examine the whole of these appro-
priations we find that the discrimination of the
committee in favor of the Atlantic coast and
against the Pacific coast is still more marked,
still mora indefensible.
Why, sir, the entire appropriation made last
year for the Atlantic coast (leaving out of view
the Pacific coast) was $320,000, while the ap-
propriation proposed for this yearis $270,000.
in other words, leaving out of view the Pacific
coast, the whole appropriation proposed for
the Atlantic coast this year is almost seven
eighths of the wholeappropriation of last year ;
while the appropriation reported for the Pa-
cific coast this year is much less than one
fourth of the appropriation made for that coast
last year, the amount this year being $30,000
against $130,000 last year. Hence, when we
take into view the whole of these appropria-
tions, the discrimination in favor of the At-
lantic coast and against the Pacific coast is
very much greater than when we consider only
these two appropriations. Why, sir, the ap-
propriation last year for the Florida Keys was
$25,000, and the appropriation proposed this
year is the same amount. All these appro-
priations except one are the same this year as
last year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I believe the coast of the Atlantic has
some rights as well as the coast of the Pacific ;
and I say here to-day the appropriation in pro-
portion to the work is much greater for the
Pacific coast than for the Atlantic. What is
the comparison between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific? Let gentlemen look at the estimates
made and the appropriation provided in this
bill.
And, now, sir, I ask what are the particular
privileges the Coast Survey has over anything
else? We cannot make appropriations for
rivers and harbors for the benefit of our con-
stituents in the West. We do not propose to
do so in the present condition of our finances.
Yet this Coast Survey comes and asks we shall
appropriate for them. We are to appropriate
for them while our rivers and harbors get no
appropriation at all. I say we have dealt lib-
erally, we have dealt magnanimously with the
Coast Survey, and I am surprised gentlemen
should come in here and ask us to burden their
constituents with still further expenditures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I am, sir, about to contribute
to the surprise of the gentleman from Illinois,
who has been so often surprised by what he
calls these extraordinary appropriations.
Mr. FLANDERS. I ask for a moment to
reply to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Washburn,] who asks "what harbor there is
on the Pacific coast which has not been sur-
veyed and who, by the manner in which he
puts this question, would imply that there is
none, and who, by another remark, intimated
that the amount asked for was intended for
the purpose of extending the Coast Survey to
Alaska. I would say, in answer to his question,
that there is not, I believe, one harbor on the
Pacific coast whose survey can be said to bo
complete, with the exception of the bay of
San Francisco. On Puget sound we have at
least sixteen hundred miles of inland water
lines. Not one half of this magnificent inland
sea has yet been surveyed. With the present
force employed there it would take at least
four years to complete tha work. I am well
aequainted with the gentleman who is in charge
of that work, (Captain James S. Lawson,) and
I know him to be a most energetic and perse-
vering man, as well as a finished scholar and
accomplished gentleman, who is devoted to
his profession, and whose pay is in no propor-
tion to the service which he renders the Gov-
ernment, especially when it is remembered
that gold on our coast is the circulating me-
dium and lie is paid in currency. Should the
amount asked for (§170,000) be appropriated
it will not enable the superintendent to extend
the coast surveys to Alaska, however desirable
that might be, as there is not one vessel in the
service which is lit to do that work. I hope
the appropriation asked for will bo granted, and
the work of the Coast Survey, so much needed,
will suffer no interruption.
Mr. BANKS. I only wish to say, sir, this
committee will not object to any fair appro-
priation for river and harbor surveys which
may be necessary this year; and all wo ask Ibr
the Coast Survey is an appropriation which is
necessary. The appropriation for the survey
of the Pacific coast is reduced seventy-seven
per cent, from that of last year. Only twenty-
three per cent, of the appropriation last year
is now proposed to be made. That contracts
the operations of the work seriously. It does
not suspend all operations, but it reduces it
seventy-seven per cent. There is another
point to which the Legislature of California
has called special attention, and that is the
survey of the mouth of Elk river, an import-
ant commercial point, and probably to be the
outlet of one of the great railroads now being
-constructed from the Mississippi valley to the
Pacific coast. It is of the last importance
that it shall be surveyed, and promptly sur-
veyed, without reference to these great im-
provements now being made. If it were not
so the Legislature of California would not
have asked it. I have the best information
for saying if this appropriation shall be re-
duced—and I am glad to see this committee
is not disposed to favor it—it will prevent the
survey of this important harbor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is terminated
on all the paragraphs relating to the Coast
Survey by order of the House.
The committee divided oil the amendment
to the amendment; and there were—ayes 31,
noes 65.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by making it 560.000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. Banks's amendment, as amended, was
then adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For publishing the observations made in the pro-
gress of the Coast isu i v:y Of the United states, includ-
ing compensation of civilians employed in the work,
$5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert the following:
For the pay and rations of engineers for steamers
used in the hydrography of the Coast Survey, no
longer supplied by tho Navy Department, per act
of June 12, 1853, S10.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For a fog signal at Eaton's light station, $3,000.
Mr. TABEll. I move to amend by adding
the following :
For the ereetion<of a permanent buoy on Success
rock. Long Island sound, $3,000.
I desire to say that there was an appropria-
tion of S5,000 made last year for the erection
of a spindle on that rock. The matter has
been submitted to the Light-House Board and
it has determined that that amount is not suf-
ficient. Therefore, as I am informed, the board
has recommended an appropriation of $3,000
for the work. This rock is in the line of all
the vessels passing through the sound. It is
at a point where the tide runs with great force,
and where the ice and tide together would re-
move a buoy that is not permanently fixed. I
know from iny own observation that this ap-
propriation is a very necessary and proper one,
I am informed by Mr. Blunt, who probably un-
derstands as well as any other gentleman the
amount of commerce passing through the
sound, that it amounts on an average daily to
not less than $15,000,000. The appropria-
tion is so small that I hope there will be no
opposition to it whatever.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see that estimated for in looking over the list
very cursorily. I will state to the committee
this fact: the Committee on Appropriations
called before them General Poe, ot the Light-
House Board, a very distinguished Army en-
gineer, I may say, who has charge of this mat-
ter, and examined him, particularly in refer-
ence to all the items for which estimates were
made, and all of those which he deemed neces-
sary the committee reported on. Butthisisnot
among the number which were deemed neces-
sary by them. Therefore I hope the commit-
tee will not adopt the amendment..
Mr. TABER. I only know that upon ap-
plication at the Light-House Board I was in-
formed that the recommendation was made.
That is all I can say.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes forty-five.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
considered as adopted, and take a vote on it
before the House.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows, under the head
of " Revenue-Cutter Service:"
For traveling expenses, $5,000.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend by
adding the following:
And it is hereby provided, That the six steam rev-
enue cutters stationed upon the northern and north-
western lakes and their tributaries shall be laid up,
and that no more of tho money appropriated by this
act shall be paid on their account than fco much as
may bo necessary for their safe and proper care and
koeping.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will be adopted.
The question was put, and the amendment
appeared to be adopted.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to debate this prop-
osition.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
The vote was taken, and it only waited the an-
nouncement of tho Chair to determine the fact
that it was adopted.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman is too
cheerful by half.
Mr. MULLINS. We will not split hairs
about that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair oveirules the
point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. This is a question that
may be of great importance. I have no doubt
the mover of the amendment can explain it,
but it seems to me an exceedingly rash act to
pass it without a word of explanation. I do
not know how far these vessels are necessary,
for the facts are not furnished, but, so far as
smuggling and evasion of the revenue laws are
concerned, it is exactly on the northern border
that the evil has been the worst within the last
few years. I have very positive information
from the bureau which has charge of this mat-
ter at this Capitol—the smuggling bureau, I
suppose it might be called—whicli has estab-
lished a force of detectives along the line, that
in the article ot silks alone the most of the
smuggling arises.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise again to the point
of order that the vote has been taken on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chakler] will proceed.
Mr. CHANLER. How much time have I
left, Mr. Chairman ?
'I he CHAIRMAN. Three minute3.
^ Mi. CHANIjER. I thank the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Mtjllin's] for his com-
tesy in persisting in interrupting me. There is
nothing clearer than that the object of' the
revenue service is to protect the interests of
