1*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
I cannot quite agree with my friend to the
full extent of his able argument upon this most
important subject. In my reply to that argu-
ment I also shall stand upon the contract con-
tained in the act of February 25, 1862. I shall
not to-day oppose his scheme, either upon the
ground that public faith pledged otherwise
than by the law itself would be violated by its
adoption or upon grounds of public policy;
but I shall, in what I have to say to-day, rest
my opposition exclusively upon the contract
originally made. Those who differ with the
gentleman from Massachusetts have this
advantage over him. He must in order to
maintain his position not only demonstrate
that it is grounded upon the contract, but
also that it is consistent with public faith and
public policy. He must fortify his_ position
on all three of these points to make it secure.
But they can conquer his position by a success-
ful attack on either one of these three points.
To-day I will narrow the controversy down to
the single question whether the law makes the
five-twenties payable in greenbacks or gold.
I will stand, as does the gentleman, by the con-
tract. He rests his case upon no alleged sov-
ereign power of the Government untrammeled
by any constitutional inhibition respecting the
obligations of contracts to determine the
medium in which it will pay its debts without
regard to the original promise, but holds the
Government to its bargain. So on the other
hand I will stand by the contract; I will not
inquire whether his scheme is defensible on
grounds of public policy or consistent with the
public faith pledged to the bond-holders by
Secretaries or loan agents or individual Repre-
sentatives or individual Senators.
I ask, then, your careful attention to the let-
ter and spirit of this act. The gentleman cor-
rectly cites the material provision of the legal-
tender section in these words:
"And truck notei herein authorized shall be receiv-
able in payment of all demands against the United
States of every kind whatsoever except for interest
upon bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin."
These are the words upon which the gentle-
man rests his case. If his scheme is founded
upon a rock, this is the rock upon which it is
founded. There is none other. The gist of
the argument is brought within the narrowest
possible limits. It is actually brought, sir,
within the scope of two short, plain words.
The gentleman believes that the words "all
demands" in this clause include the principal
of the five-twenty bonds authorized by the act,
and that therefore all the five-twenty bonds
issued under that act are payable in green-
backs. But the gentleman who so earnestly
avows his right to insist upon the letter and
spirit of the law seems to me not to have cor-
rectly interpreted either the letter or the spirit
of the law.
The act provides for an issue of $500,000,000
of five-twenty bonds, and for an issue of
$150,000,000 of legal-tender notes, and he
reads this clause which I have cited, and which
he also cited, as if it provided in general terms
that all of these bonds should be payable in
greenbacks. He interprets the law as if it
^stood substantially in these words: " The Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
issue $500,000,000 of five-twenty bonds, and
also greenbacks ad libitum, and said bonds
shall be payable in greenbacks." But, sir,
snch is not the law written in our book or
statutes. Here is the law in substance as it
actually stands; the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to issue $500,000,000 of
five-twenty bonds. He is also authorized to
issue $150,000,000 of United States notes.
"■And tueh note« herein authorized shall be receiv-
able in payment of all demands against the United
States of every kind whatsoever except for interest
upon bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin."
It is that identical issue of $150,000,000 of
United States notes which this act makes
receivable for all demands against the Govern-
ment except interest upon bonds and notes,
and it is tnat identical issue only. The act
does not provide that all demands except in-
terest shall be payable in greenbacks. It does
not provide that this issue of $500,000,000
offive-twenties shall be payable in greenbacks.
It does not provide that greenbacks gene-
rally and without limit shall be receivable
for all of these bonds—or for a part of these
bonds—for all demands against the United
States except interest on the bonds and notes,
or in fine, for any demands against the Gov-
ernment or against any other debtor. But
what it does provide is precisely this: that a
certain issue of greenbacks authorizedj speci-
fied, and limited in that act shall be receivable
in payment of all demands against the United
States except interest upon notes and bonds.
That issue amounted to $150,000,000 and not
one dollar more. In the clearest possible lan-
guage the maximum was fixed at that sum. I
will give you, sir, the exact words of the act:
"The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue on the credit of the United States
$150,000,000 of United States notes, not bearing inter-
est, payable to bearer at the Treasury of the United
States, and of such denominations as he may deem
expedient—not less than five dollars each."
Here, then, is the contract on which my
friend from Massachusetts stanfls. It is a con-
tract which does not make $2,000,000,000 of
greenbacks receivable for bonds, nor $1,000,-
000,000, nor even $500,000,000, but only makes
$150,000,000 receivable for all demands except
interest. And it impresses this character not
upon any mass of that amount taken at random
or by choice from that and other issues, but
solely upon the specific issue of $150,000,000
authorized by the act of February 25, 1862.
Now, sir, admit for the sake of argument
that the words "all demands" import pre-
cisely what the gentleman understands them to
import; close your cyes'if you can to the con-
text, to every provision irreconcilable with
this interpretation, and where do you leave the
fentleman from Massachusetts? You leave
im lustily struggling to redeem $500,000,000
of five-twenty bonds with $150,000,000 of Uni-
ted States notes. You leave him panting in
sweat and dust over the herculean task of
swallowing $500,000,000 of bonds into a stom-
ach equal in capacity and digestive power to
$150,000,000 only. I thought, while an eye-
witness of his administration in New Orleans
in 1862, that whatever difficult work the skill
and talent and resources and industry of mor-
tal man could accomplish might be confidently
intrusted to his hands; but I did not for one
moment imagine that he could achieve such a
miracle as to pay $500,000,000 of bonds with
only $150,000,000 of greenbacks. If he can
do that, sir; if he has any such magician's
wand or lamp of Aladdin as that, deeply as I
shall deplore his departure from this Hall, I
hope and pray that he may be speedily pro-
moted to the head of the Treasury, to pay our
debts and end our troubles.
But, Mr. Chairman, my friend is fertile in
expedients, and he will be ready with some
plan either to contract the debt or expand the
means of payment, either to shrink the bonds
or swell the greenbacks. Perhaps he will
call our attention to the last clause of the first
section of the act of February 25,1862, to these
words:
"And snch United States notes" * * * *
"may be reissued from time to time as the exigencies
of the public interests shall require."
Perhaps he will tell us that he proposes to
make from time to time accumulations of green-
backs and therewith redeem the five-twenties
by installments. It may be that he will propose,
after using these United States notes once in
the redemption of $150,000,000 of the bonds,
to recover possession of them and use them
again, and to repeat this process until all the
bonds are redeemed, and thus realize this bril-
liant conception of the illustrious warrior who
proposed to conquer an army single handed by
taking his enemies one at a time. But, sir, he
will encounter difficulties in that attempt which
no human ingenuity can surmount, obstacles
which not even his great talents will be able to
move a single inch. Consider the case. Let us
see our new Secretary of the Treasury proceed
to business in the redemption of five-twenty
bonds by installments. _ He finds that the act
makes these five-twenties redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States after five years
and payable twenty years from date. He reads
that provision in these words:
"To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to fund
the Treasury notes and floating debt of the United
States, he is hereby authoriied to issue on the credit
of the United States coupon bonds or registered
bonds to an amount not exceeding $500,000,0<W, re-
deemable at the pleasure of the United States after
fivo years, and payable twenty years from date, and
bearing interest at the rato of six per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually."
He concludes to avail himself of this option
r to redeem an installment say of $50,000,000.
! He procures either from his internal revenue
J officers or from the sale of gold $50,000,000 in
greenbacks, and sits down to notify the holders
I of the $50,000,000 of bonds that no interest
will be paid upon them after a certain day
named, and it will accordingly be prudent for
thein to exchange them at the Treasury for
greenbacks. Then, sir,his agony begins.
There are in his strong box $50,000,000 of
greenbacks. There are $500,000,000 of bonds
of that issue outstanding. How shall he frame
his notice ? If he had funds sufficient to redeem
the whole, and proposed to redeem the whole,
the case would be a very simple one indeed.
He would so frame it as to notify all holders of
five-twenty bonds of that issue to present them
for redemption on a day certain, beyond which
interest would not be paid. But he can draw
no such notice now, because he has only
$50,000,000 of greenbacks; and if the whole
issue of bonds is presented for redemption he
can only redeem ten per cent.; and to demand
their presentation for redemption without the
means to redeem—to stop the interest upon
such demand, would be knavery too indecent
to be thought of for a single moment. How
can he escape from this dilemma? Sir, he
can only escape from it by backing sqnare out
of it. He cannot, of course, notify the hold-
ers of these bonds that he will redeem ten per
cent, of the amount of each bond on the des-
ignated day. He cannot notify the holders of
certain series or numbers that he will redeem
such bonds on the day named. For this act
does not, like some of the English acts, au-
thorize the designation of certain numbers for
redemption by installments. If such a provis-
ion had been contained in this act under which
the bonds were issued no holder could com-
plain of injustice, because he would have taken
and held his bonds subject to such provision.
The order of redemption thus established would
have become an element in fixing the relative
values of the different series and numbers.
But to pass a law authorizing such discrimina-
tion at this late day would be an outrage only
inferior in enormity to an attempt on the part
of a Secretary to make such a discrimination
without authority of law.
What, then, can the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts do? He must either wholly abandon
his scheme of redemption and quit the Treas-
ury in disgust and permit u,s to welcome him
back to this House, or he must give notice of
redemption to the holders of the entire issue
of five-twenty bonds. But in that case, having
only $50,000,000 of greenbacks, he must pur-
chase the remaining $100,000,000 and then add
thereto $350,000,000 in gold. And in pur-
chasing these greenbacks whether for this pur- *
pose or for the purpose of redemption by
installments, he would be disgusted to find that
as soon a3 it became generally known that the
particular issue of $150,000,000 greenbacks,
Erovided for by the act of July, 1862, was so
ighly distinguished above all the other out-
standing greenbacks as to be sought for to sub-
serve the purpose of gold in the redemption,
they would approximate so near to gold in value
as to leave the Government little or no advan-
tage in their use.
Our new Secretary of the Treasury must pur-
chase $350,000,000 of gold to be added to his
$150,000,000 of legal-tender notes in order to
accomplish his redemption of the five-twenty
bonds, unless he shall use for that purpose some
