3506
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
June 26,
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and llie bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
MAQUOKHTA IIIVKI1.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate resolution No. 107.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 107) in relation to the
Maqnoketa river, in the State of Iowa, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to give the assent of Congress to the
construction of bridges across the Maqnoketa
river, in the State of Iowa, with or without
draws, as may be provided by the laws of the
State of Iowa.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa whether that is a navigable
river ?
Mr. IIAltLAN. It isnot a navigable stream ;
it is a small mill stream.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time, and passed.
liKMOVAL OF CAUSES FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
bill reported by mo the other day from the
Committee on the Judiciary for the removal
of causes in certain cases from the State courts
to the United States courts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That bill ought not to
be taken up now. It is a bill that will attract
a good deal of attention and a good deal of
discussion. 1 think it onght. to be discussed,
and it is impossible for me to discuss it to-day,
for 1 am scarcely able to be here.
Mv. EDMUNDS. It will be absolutely im-
possible to discuss the bill properly until it is
taken up ; but do 1 understand my friend to
say that he is unwell to-day?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the motion
if my friend is notable to discuss the bill now.
CBNTKR MAKKKT.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 304, which was reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia in Feb-
ruary last. It is a bill which provides for the
removal of Center market upon Pennsylvania
avenue.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 394) to provide I'or the removal of the Cen-
ter market, in the city of Washington, and for
the erection of a market building in a more
suitable locality, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to cause to be removed within twelve
months all the buildings, sheds, and tenements
of every description now loeated on the Gov-
ernment reservation on Pennsylvania avenue,
between Seventh and Ninth stieets west, and
occupied as a city market, or for other pur-
poses, and to cause the reservation to be in-
closed and preserved in the same manner as
other reservations now under his charge. The
materials of the present market building are to
be turned over to the mayor of the city of
Washington for such public purposes as may
be deemed proper under the direction of the
corporate authorities of the city ; and they are
to enter upon and occupy, as a permanent site
for a market-house, all of that portion of the
public reservation, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, bounded as follows : commenc-
ing one hundred feet south of the southeast
corner of block three hundred and fifty, as
marked on the plat of the city of Washington ;
thence west five hundred and eleven feet and
four inches to a point one hundred feet south
of the southwest corner of block three-hundred
and twenty-four; thence south one hundred
and seventy feet along the east side of Twelfth
street west; thence east five hundred and
eleven feet four inches to a point on tne west
side of Tenth street west: thence north one
hundred and seventy feet to the place of be-
ginning. For the purpose of erecting such
market-house it is to be lawful for the said cor-
poration to create a debt, in such form as may
be found most expedient, not exceeding the
sum of $200,000, at a rate of interest not
exceeding six per cent, per annum, notwith-
standing any restriction in the charter of the
city or existing laws to the contrary ; but the
Government of the United States in no event
whatever is to be liable for the principal or
interest upon any such loan ; and the entire
j revenue of the building after paying contingent
expenses and interest on the loan is to bs appro-
priated to the payment of the money borrowed
tor that purpose. No more than $220,000 are
to be expended in building the market-house,
nor are any contracts to be entered into which
involve a larger expenditure for its completion.
The corporation are to have the right to hold
and use the property so long as the building to
be erected thereon shall be maintained as a
market-house, and no longer.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to bo engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LKGISLATIYK, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 move that the
Senate take up the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
The motion was agreed; to and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 005) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1809.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
joint Committee on the Library to offer two or
three amendments. The first is on page 11,
line two hundred and fifty-four, to increase
the appropriation "'for the Botanical Garden,
grading, draining, for procuring manure, tools,
fuel, and repairs, and purchasing trees and
shrubs, nnder the direction of the Library Com-
mittee of Congress,'' from $3,300 to ยง5,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
same committee to offer another amendment
on the same page, in lines two hundred and
fifty-seven and two hundred and filly-eight to
strike out $7,374 90 and insert ยง11,296 as
the appropriation "for pay of superintendent
and assistants in theBotanic Garden and Green-
house, under the direction of the Library
Committee of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I am also instructed to
offer the following amendment, to come in at
the end of line two hundred and fifty-eight, on
page 11:
For the expenses of exchanging public documents
for the publications of foreign Governments, as pro-
vided for by resolution approved March '*1,1S67, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in as an additional sec-
tion :
And be it farther enacted, That no statuary, paint-
ings, or other articles, the property of private indi-
viduals. shn!! hereafter be allowed to be exhibited
in the Rotunda or any other portion of the Capitol
building.
ill-. SUMNER. That is a very good amend-
ment.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out the
proviso on page 12, lines two handled mid
sixty-nine, two hundred and seventy, and two
hundred and seventy one, as follows:
Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
sum exceeding $5,000. shall be paid out of this appro-
priation.
Mr. President, it will be seen that by this
proviso the judgments of the Court of Claims
for which an appropriation is made are not to
be paid in case thev exceed $5,000. The
effect of that, of course, would be to bring all
those cases to Congress, and we might as well
dispense with the Court of Claims altogether.
1 here is no leason why a judgment for $6,000
should not be paid as we'll as one for $5,000.
All appeal lies to the Supreme Court in every
case over thiee thousand dollars at any rate.
It seems to roe that such a provision as this
would destroy the value of the court, and it
would hardly be worth while to continue the
court, if such a limitation were put upon the
bill. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not agree
with the views of the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois whether, if that proviso is stricken
out, the amount of the appropriation is not
totally inadequate'/
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is; and I intend to
make a suggestion about that in a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree with the Senator
entirely. It is in regard to these other claims
that we want the judgment of the Court of
Claims ; but no claimant will'commence a suit
in that court if his claim is for more than
$5,000, if he cannot get a judgment paid. It
seems to me it would be ridiculous to keep up
the Court of Claims merely to decide on claims
less than $5,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course it would. It
would be better to repeal the law creating the
court, if this proviso is to prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now call attention to
the amount appropriated by this bill for the
Court of Claims:
For paymentof judgments which may bo rendered
by the court in favor of claimants, $100,000.
There was appropiiated last year $700,000.
I understand that only about five hundred thou-
sand of that $700,000 have been used. The
judgments of the court which have been paid
only amounted to about five hundred thousand
dollars. There are, however, a number of
cases pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States on appeal from the Court of
Claims, and I am informed that if one half
of them should be sustained by the court it
would exhaust the past appropriation, so that
there would be left only this appropriation
of $100,000 to meet the judgments of the
next fiscal year. The estimate made by the
court as necessary to meet its judgments was
$500,000. That estimate, I understand, on
inquiry, is made up by an examination of the
cases pending in the court and their character,
and as to what might probably be recovered in
those cases. Their estimate is $500,000. I
think that amount should be put in the bill,
and I will move that the word " one," in line
two hundred and sixty-eight, be stricken out
and "five" inserted. It would seem to me a
very expensive thing to keep up a Court of
Claims which costs, 1 suppose, $50,000 annually
to adjudicate on claims only to the amount of
$100,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _Ishould like to inquire
of my friend from Illinois if it is not dangerous
to appropriate so much money and leave it to
the discretion of the Court of Claims ; whether
we ought not to specify what particular cases
they shall decide! It looks tome to be a little
dangerous to leave so great a discretion. Is
theie not danger of great fraud and abuse?
The Senator proposes to leave $500,000 to the
discretion of this Court of Claims without
specifying how it is to be applied, and in what
particular cases!
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator fiom Maine
undoubtedly would like to compare the pro-
ceedings of the Court of Claims, where cases
are tried and counsel employed, where the
Government employs attorneys to defend it,
and where the judgments are rendered after an
investigation and the examination of witnesses,
with the placing of $500,000 in the hands cf
some officer of the Government alone to dis-
tribute as he thought proper. The court only
gives judgment on cases t.hatare brought before
it, and has no discretion. I believe, to give the
money to favorites or distribute it in any par-
ticular way to increase the salary of anybody.
However, ! have no interest in it more than
auj body else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wished to
suggest to my friend, in his care, these matters
for his consideration. Of course i donot want
to interfere with any business which comes
