1867*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
other legal tenders than that specific issue for
which the act provides. But that the gentle-
man will not, of course, venture to undertake.
He will shun that expedient for two reasons:
in the first place he has promised to stand by
the contract, and the contract, even upon his
own construction of it, holds him with a grasp
which he can not shake off to the issue nom-
inated in the act; and in the second place, if ;
he had not given us this promise, so many times j
repeated, he could not violate the contract j
embodied in the law without perpetrating an 1
outrage from which his sense of justice would
certainly restrain him.
This is the outrage which he would be com-
pelled to perpetrate if he should in lieu of the
$350,000,000 of gold use in the redemption of
the first issue of $500,000,000 of five-twenties
any other greenbacks than the original issue
provided for in the same act. He does not
claim—he cannot claim—that the words'' such
notes herein authorized" cover notes not
therein authorized. He cannot claim, and
does not claim, that either the letter or the
spirit of the contract makes any other notes I
legal tender for the redemption of those par- !
ticular five-twenty bonds. Granting, then, for j
the sake of argument, that the contract does :
authorize him to use that identical issue for
that purpose; granting that the original hold- !
ers of those bonds did, when they lent their
money to the Government, agree to receive
$150,000,000 greenbacks in part payment of
the principal of the $500,000, (XX) bonds; grant-
ing that these bond-holders did agree to receive
three tenths of the principal of that loan back
in greenbacks, what right have we to force,
them to accept the balance—$350,000,000—
in greenbacks, which balance they never did
agree to accept in greenbacks—which balance
we certainly promised to pay in gold, whatever
may be said of the $150,000,000 covered by
the gentleman's legal tenders? What right
have we to compel them to receive their entire
demand in greenbacks because they agreed to
receive three tenths of it in greenbacks ?
These bond-holders might well have been very
willi ng to lend their money upon a contract which
required them totake, accept in payment, thirty
per cent, of greenbacks, and yet altogether
unwilling to lend it upon a contract which com-
pelled them to accept one hundred per cent, in
greenbacks. They might very readily have
taken a loan which secured them seventy per
cent, in eold and yet have utterly refused a
loan which secured them not a penny in gold.
They might well have said we will consent that
$150,000,000 of United States notes shall be
legal tender on this $500,000,000 loan, for these
notes if limited in amount to $150,000,000 can-
not fall in value much below gold, but we will
not consent that $500,000,000 of notes shall be
legal tender for this loan, for in that case we
do not know what may become of ouj money,
still less will we consent to lend our money for
greenbacks if an unlimited quantity is to be
hereafter thrown upon the country to depre-
ciate still further the medium in which our
bonds are to be redeemed.
Suppose, sir, that the gentleman himself
should lend his own money upon a contract
which secured to him seventy per cent, in gold
and yet compelled him to accept thirty per cent,
in something which might be of less value than
gold, and his debtor should finally attempt to
pay him in full in something of less value than
gold. Why, sir, not even his characteristic
serenity of temper would be able to bear with
patience such a wrong. But, Mr. Chairman,
admitting his construction of the law to be cor-
rect this is exactly the outrage which he would
inflict upon the holders of the original issue of
$500,000,000 of five-twenty bonds if he should
compel thein to receive in greenbacks not only
the $150,000,000 which they did agree to re-
ceive but also the $350,000,000 which they did
not agree to receive.
Isay, then, Mr. Chairman, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts cannot, even upon his own
construction of the act of February, 1862, jus-
tify the issue of $350,000,000 of new green-
backs for the redemption of the original issue
of five-twenties, or justify the use of any other
issue of greenbacks, than that authorized by
said act lor such redemption, if, in fulfillment
of his solemn and oft-repeated promises, he
stands by the contract embodied in the act.
But if he shall resort for his justification to the
sovereign powers of the Federal Government;
if he shall assert that, unlike the State govern-
ments, it has the power to impair the obligation
of contracts, the power to declare what shall
be and what shall not be money, what shall be
and what shall not be legal tender, if he shall
assert that it has the power to make greenbacks
legal tender for debts due from citizen to citi-
zen in gold, and thereby to impair the obliga-
tion of contracts between individuals, that it
has the same power to make greenbacks legal
tender for debts originally due from itself in
gold, and thereby to impair the obligation of its
own contracts; if he shall assert all this he
will open the door to a discussion which he has
hitherto avoided, upon which I shall not this
day enter. If the gentleman shall ever make
this change of base after he shall have success-
fully demonstrated the existence of these con-
stitutional powers claimed he will still be con-
fronted by the great questions of public faith
and public policy which it has been no part of
my purpose on this occasion to consider.
I confess, then, Mr. Chairman, that I can
find in the clause of the act on which my friend
so confidently relies no solid foundation for his
scheme for the redemption of the five-twenty
bonds, even if I leave out of view the other
features of the bill and admit that the words
"all demands" include interest on the bonds.
But, sir, I cannot overlook the other features
of this bill in attempting to arrive at its true
meaning. Thev are entitled to consideration
equally with this clause. Whatever may be
said of the statements or acts or promises of
individuals, whether legislators or Secretaries
or loan agents as means of arriving at the
actual contract in this case, no man can deny
I that for this purpose every provision of the act
itself is to be carefully ana fairly scrutinized.
. I will not on this occasion enter upon such
a scrutiny. But I am satisfied that it will dis-
close features altogether inconsistent with the
construction given by the gentleman from
Massachusetts to this act.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, obtained
the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will yield
to me I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. ROSS. I ask thagentleman to withdraw
that motion for a few minutes. I desire to put
a question to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mil. Paine,] who hasjust addressed the House,
and to make a remark or two.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be understood,
if there is ncf objection, that the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] yields the re-
mainder of his hour to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. ROSS. If I understood correctly the
remarks of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine,] the reason he gave why we can-
not lawfully pay the five-twenty bonds in law-
ful currency is that we had at the time the law
was passed but a limited amount of greenbacks.
My question is this: suppose he should give
me his note for ten thousand bushels of corn,
payable in one year, and should have only one
thousand bushels on hand, would he be lim-
ited to the corn he had on hand, or could not
he raise or purchase more for the purpose of
paying me when his note matured?
Mr. PAINE. Very likely I could; but when
the Government makes a contract to issue
$500,000,000 of five-twenty bonds for the pur-
pose of raising money to carry on its opera-
tions, and agrees that $350,000,000 shall be
payable in gold, and $150,000,000 payable in
greenbacks, I can see no authority for any man
to assume that the Government has a right to
say that the creditors of the Government shall
receive $500,000,000 in greenbacks because
some of the creditors agreed to receive
$150,000,000 in greenbacks.
Mr. ROSS. As I understand the law, the
interest of the five-twenty bonds was payable
in coin and the principal in the lawful money
of the United States. It seems to me that if
we pay in the same kind of currency that we
agreed to pay in, though we did not have it on
hand at the time the contract was made, we
are complying with the contract.
Mr. PAINE. I have attempted to show that
that act did not authorize the Government to
useanythingin the payment of the $500,000,000
of bonds exc^it the identical $150,000,000 of
greenbacks provided for in that law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask my colleague [Mr. Ross] if he is in favor
of a further issue of greenbacks and further
depreciating the currency of the country?
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
that I can give my colleague a direct answer to
that question at this time. I expect at some
future day to lay my views upon this subject
more fully before the House; but I will say now
for the information of the gentleman that I
believe the principal of the five-twenty bonds,
according to the contract, may be lawfully and
legitimately paid in the lawful currency of the
country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can goon and talk about that; but first,
I want a distinct answer to my question, whether
he is in favor of further depreciating the cur-
rency by issuing additional greenbacks?
Mr. ROSS. I was going on to tell my col-
league what I am in favor of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
want to know about that.
Mr. ROSS. I believe that this debt should
be paid in greenbacks; that is, as far as we may
lawfully and legitimately do it without a viola-
tion of the public faith. [Laughter. ] I am
not in favor of violating the faith of the Gov-
ernment. I do not believe that an individual
can afford to act dishonestly, and much less the
Government. I believe in responding to the
demands of those with whom we have con-
tracted-to the uttermost farthing, just as we
have contracted, and I am not willing to go any
further.
I know some gentlemen say that this debt
was erroneously contracted, that we never
received any proper consideration for it; that
we were swindled, in fact. But our agents in
Congress contracted the debt, and it is our duty
to pay it, whether we believe the debt right-
fully contracted or not; that is my doctrine.
Now, in relation to the depreciation of the
currency. I am not in favor of contracting
the currency; I will say that much. And I be-
lieve that a little watering of the currency just
at this time would do us no particular damage'.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How
much?
Mr. BLAINE. How much " watering " can
we stand?
Mr. ROSS. Certainly as much as we can
take up by taxation each year. We can stand
at least double the amount of currency we have
now.
Mr. BLAINE. Or about fourteen hundred
million dollars?
Mr. ROSS. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. ROSS. Very well.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if he believes United States bills to be a
constitutional currency ?
Mr. ROSS. I will state to my former Dera-
cratic friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] that
as a general principle I think gold and silver
the proper currency of the country.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman does not
answer my question. I asked him if he con-
sidered United States bills a constitutional
currency.
