1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3507
from the Committee on the Judiciary. They
have probably looked into this matter; but
yet, as no money can be drawn from the Treas-
ury except iu pursuance of law to meet par-
ticular subjects appropriated for, I did not
know but that my friend might consider it dan-
gerous. I thought, therefore, I would suggest
it to him, in order that he might perceive
and carefully consider the danger of leaving
$500,000 to the Court of Claims—the danger
of favoritism. No one knows how that court
may decide in a particular case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An appeal can be taken
to the Supreme Court in all cases now, I
believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend is satis-
fied I am. I do not wish to raise a question
about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a, prop-
osition to increase the appropriation; and I
do not understand the Senator to make it from
any committee.
Mr. TKUMBULL. No, sir; and if there
is any objection to it I do not propose to make
it at all. I suggest it for the consideration of
the committee. 1 should think it was one of
those things which ought to be corrected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It cannot prop-
erly be moved unless it comes from a com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have some other amend-
ments to offer if the Senator objects to this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I shall
raise the question under the rule on this prop-
osition. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT^!?'o tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Sen-
ator from Maine to object to it as not coining
within the rule. It is based on an estimate ;
but having offered the amendment to-day, and
the Senator having received notice of it, I may,
perhaps, renew it if the bill should be contin-
ued until to-morrow. I now move to amend
the bill by inserting on page 29, after line six
hundred and ninety-six, the following:
For services of the clerk of the district court of the
northern district of Mississippi, as keeper of the rec-
ords and tites ot l lie ta.ud office at Pontot.oe. Missis-
sippi, fiom J une 4, 18l>'\ to June 4, ]8tW, $500 ; and it
is hereby made the duty of said clerk, on the pus-
sage of this aet, to transfer the records and files afore-
said to the register of the land office at Jackson, Mis-
sissippi; and the nineteenth section of the act of
March 1853, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions lor the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1851,'' be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert on page 9, after line two hun-
dred and three, the following:
To enable the Secietaryof the Senate and Clerk of
the House of Representatives to purchase, for the
use of the Senate and House of Representatives, ten
thousand copies of Pasehal's Annotated Constitution
of the United States, $15,000.
Mr. President, I will state to the Senate, what
perhaps everybody knows already, that Mr.
Paschal has prepared a publication of the Con-
stitution of the United States with annotations,
referring to all the decisions which have been
made construing the different provisions of the
Constitution. It is prepared with a great deal
of care and contains a vast deal of material.
The only objection that I know of to the work—
I presume the book has been placed in the
hands of most Senators—is that it is published
in very fine type, too small. If it were pub-
lished in type of the same size as that used in
the publication of our statutes it would make a
volume as large as the volume of Statutes which
I hold in my hand. That was one objection
which some members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee had to purchasing any copies of it. The
copies of Hickey's Constitution, which is a
very valuable work, are becoming exhausted ;
and there is no book of moie value to mem-
bers of Congress and the public than the Con-
stitution of the United States with these notes
and references to every decision that has ever
been made involving a construction ot the j
Constitution. I shall take up no time in speak- j
ing of the work. It is very highly commended i
by those who have examined it, and on con-
sultation with Mr. Paschal it is found that we
can purchase ten thousand copies of it, to be
placed in the hands of members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives,
and purchased through the Secretary arid Clerk
of the two Houses, for the sum of $15,000.
That is §1 50 a volume; and the committee
instructed me to recommend the purchase of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois be again
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
inquire of the Senator from Illinois whether
this is recommended by the Judiciary Com-
mittee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; and notice
was served long ago on the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. I remember that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary recommend that this appropriation
be made.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
wish to throw any unnecessary obstacle in the
way of this amendment, if it bo a proper one ;
but I cannot myself see the propriety of appro-
priating §15,000 to purchase ten thousand
copies of Mr. Paschal's work. I have looked
at the book myself, rather cursorily, to be sure,
and I am satisfied that the author has bestowed
great labor upon it; but whether it is worth
while for Congress to patronize to that extent
the book enterprise of a private individual is
another question entirely. I would not refuse
my aid to furnish any necessary law book to
members of the Senate or members of the
House of Representatives; but [ cannot see
the propriety of Congress embarking in such
an enterprise as this. I do not think it will
pay in the end. I differ in this, perhaps, from
the view taken of it by my honorable friend
from Illinois. I should like to have some further
explanation on the subject. I do not need Mr.
Paschal's book myself particularly, although
it may be a convenient manual on the Consti-
tution. I can get along without it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ifwedoneed
it, it is just such a book as each Senator and
Representative may very well put his hand iu
his pocket and pay for. 1 trust we shall pass
no appropriation for books of this kind or any
other kind at this session of Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should, of course, defer
to the judgment of the Judiciary Committee
upon any question of law; but this appears to
be a question involving an appropriation of
money for the purchase of a certain book. I
think that complaints are justly made against
Congress for appropriations of this descrip-
tion. I know that if I need a book of this
kind I can purchase one for my own use ;
and I presume that is true as to every other
member of Congress; and all the inform-
ation that may bo derived from this book can
be obtained from books to which all the mem-
bers of Congress have access in the law library ;
and so far as information is concerned that we
need here for the transaction of our official
duties we have an ample opportunity to con-
sult the libraries that are placed our disposal.
I should be glad to some extent to patronize
this enterprise. 1 have looked at t'ne book,
and regard it as a valuable contribution to the
law literature of the day ; but I do not think
that Congress ought, for the mere convenience
of its own members, to appropriate 815,000
for the purchase of this book. It is simply,
as it seems to me, taking so much money and
putting it into our pockets ; for there is not,
in my humble opinion, any necessity that each
member should be furnished with this book. It
consists, as I uudeistand, of a compilation of
the decisions that have been made by the dif-
ferent courts in construing the Constitution of
j the United States, very valuable, no doubt,
| for reference ; but it will, of course, be found
in the libraries of Congress", and that ought to
be sufficient, it seems to me, for our use.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSRN. I suppose we
should all agree with the conclusion arrived at
by the Senator from Vermont, and the Senator
from Oregon if the view presented by them
was the true view of the subject. If this was
a proposition to appropriate §15,000 for our
own accommodation, convenience, and profit,
I trust that every Senator would vote against
this amendment. But that is not. the way the
subject strikes my mind. We certainly do not
want ten thousand copies for our own accom-
modation. _ One copy for each Senator would
be all that is necessary in that point of view.
The object of this amendment is to furnish the
Senators and Representatives with a limited
number of this valuable book, in order that
they may place it in societies and in the hands
of here and there an individual perhaps among
their constituents, so that the people of this
country may become better informed not only
with the Constitution, but with that vast amount
of law which has accumulated explanatory of
the Constitution. That is the great object of
the amendment, and I think that it would be
of incalculablevalue at this tiraein the southern
States as well as in the other States that there
should be a limited number of these books
distributed. This is a Government resting on
the Constitution, and nothing can be more im-
portant than thatthe people should understand)
its principles.
Another view and object of this amendment,
doubtless, is to encourage and measurably,
perhaps, compensate for the arduous labor
which has been bestowed upon the work ; but
that is a subordinate view of the subject; the
main object of this amendment is to place this
book in the hands of clubs and societies, so
that the people may be informed as to the Con-
stitution.
As to the book itself, from what examination
I have given to it it seems to me to be of the
highest order ; and the very fact that it is in
such a compact form, the print so fine that it
can be afforded cheap, was made an objection
iu the committee, but it is not a book which
you want to read through continuously from
beginning to end. It is principally wanted for
reference, and its very compact form is an
advantage that it possesses.
This is no new proposition. I am informed
that Congress has from time to time voted fifty
thousand copies of Hickey's Constitution, and
I really think that this is a great deal better
thing than that, inasmuch as it contains the
decisions of the Supreme Court, and is much
more elaborate. I trust the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I should be
sorry to see this appropriation made. My esti-
mate of the value of the book, I think, is not
below that of the Senator from New Jersey ;
but I think the Senator from New Jersey will
agroo with me that its value consists mainly in
its adaptability to the wants of the legal pro-
fession and to members of legislative bodies.
The annotations are verv concise; they sug-
gest to a lawyer, to a professional mind, where
the interpretations and adjudications upon par-
ticular points may be found; but I think the
Senator from New Jersey told the truth when
he said it was not intended for general reading.
I think it is a book which you would scarcely
expect a man to take up and read, any more
than you would expect him to take up and read
a dictionary. It is valuable to the lawyer; it
is valuable to the statesman : it is convenient
for reference, I think. I thought so, and I
bought it, and I think I got the worth of ray
money ; and I think any other lawyer, or any
other statesman, who will buy it will be satis-
fied with his bargain ; but I think if the Legis-
lature were to appropriate the money to buy ten
thousand copies, and distribute them, it would
make a bad investment. Wo could apply the
money in a great many ways to better advan-
tage than that.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I have two ob-
jections tothisamendment. Oneisthattheprice
to be paid for these books, if the amendment
should be adopted, is a very exorbitant one.
I am satisfied that the price to be paid is three
