1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
the people, and it was for that purpose that
these revenue cutters were established. It is
utterly impossible, upon these northern coasts
or any other coasts, to protect the revenues of
the country without a proper revenue force.
The laying up of these vessels carries with it
the opening of the smuggling trade, and I
charge upon the gentlemen who propose this
amendment here that they will be guilty of
opening that trade in all its force, as it existed
" during the war and before these vessels were
put upon the lakes. If they are willing to
assume that responsibility before the country
without explanation they are welcome to do
so; but I charge that upon them as the eon-
sequence of this vote.
As to economy, it is a perfect farce, in view
of the immense quantities of silks that are
smuggled over the Canada border through the
British trade, cutting out all the commerce
elsewhere along the Atlantic coast. Millions
on millions of silks are thus smuggled in. That
was the state of things that existed during the
war, and this revenue service, which the gentle-
man now proposes to abolish, was brought in
to check it.
Mr. UPSON. I would ask the gentleman
if he ever knew a revenue cutter on the lakes
to catch a smuggler?
Mr. CHANLER. I have never been on the
lakes in that capacity. The gentleman speaks
with authority. I refer the question to him.
Mr. UPSON. I never did.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman does not
look as if he could catch a smuggler. I do
not know whether he can or wants to. But I
say that has nothing to do with the propriety
of the measure before the House being passed
without'debate or information.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Churchill] by striking
out the last word, and I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Driggs.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I only wish to say that the
larger portion of the lake coast is in my dis-
trict, and I approve of this amendment. I
believe that only one of these vessels is neces-
sary upon the lakes ; but perhaps it would not
be well to lay up all of them. 1 hope the gen
tleman from New York will accept an amend-
ment to his amendment, so as to lay up all of
these vessels except one.
Mr. YVASHBURNB, of Illinois. I believe
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York only applies to the six new revenue cut-
ters, leaving the old one. If that is not so I
will move an amendment.
Mr. DRIGGS. If the gentleman from New
York will accept the amendment I have sug-
gested I will offer no opposition to his amend-
ment, and I do not think our delegation will.
Mr. WASIiBUHNE, of Illinois. Iwill now
yield to the gentleman from New Y*ork, [Mr.
Churchill.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. These revenue cutters
to which my amendment refers were built,
under an act passed by Congress in 1864, at a
time when the war was yet in progress, and
when Canada was occupied to a considerable
extent by rebels, and when the cities and towns
along the lakes, as well as the lake commerce,
were endangered by the hostile' enterprises
which were being organized in Canada. For
the purpose of resisting such enterprises^ six
revenue cutters were ordered to be built. They
are armed vessels, properly vessels of war, and
are not at all fitted for revenue purposes.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Has there been any
report from the Treasury Department recom-
mending the laying up of any of these ves-
Se Mr. CHURCHILL. I will read what the
Secretary of the Treasury says on this subject
in his letter of January 23, 1868:
" It is proper, however, that I should remark, in
reference to the six steamers employed on the great
lakes that, although not of the character best suited
to the wants of the revenue there, their services are
by no means unimportant or valueless: and as they
were placed there by Congress, m view, perhaps, ot
weighty considerations aside from the P.T~3J^ ~
poses of the revenue, I do not feel at liberty to re
ommend the saleof them unless they can be disposed
of without great sacrifice. I would here suggest that
if Congress shall be of opinion that these vessels are
unsuited for revenue purposes, and shall deem it ad-
visable to dispose of them, that in the bill authoriz-
ing their sale the minimum amount for which each
shall be sold be inserted."
These six vessels cost, during the last year,
$161,000; and I will venture to say that not
a single gentleman upon this floor who repre-
sents a district on the lakes will say that they
rendered service to the revenue worth one dol-
lar during that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment, for the purpose of
saying that these vessels were built during the
war, and that one of the purposes contem-
plated in building them undoubtedly was to
protect our frontier from incursions that it was
anticipated might be made by the rebels who
were in Canada.
Since the war, however, these vessels have
been used entirely for the purpose of protecting
our revenue from the operations of smugglers.
And I will say to this House, that if we lay vip
these vessels without providing some other
vessels to take their places, there will be more
loss to the revenue of this country for this year
alone, than all these vessels have cost. I am
acquainted with and know the uses of these
vessels. There is no man who has any knowl-
edge of the extent of the operations of smug-
glers upon our northern borders, and who also
has any knowledge of the means used there for
the purpose of protecting our revenue, but will
say at once that there is no more important or
eilicient means of protection than these very
vessels. And to lay them up, as proposed,
thereby depriving the service of the use of
them, it seems to me would be almost equiva-
lent to giving a bounty to smuggling. There
are none stationed at the city of Buffalo, but
there is one stationed at Erie which comes
down the lake and into the river once or twice
a week. These vessels and the men engaged
in them render most efficient and valuable ser-
vices to the officers of customs—a class of
services which can be rendered in no way but
by vessels of this or of a similar character. It
is true that, if the Government were now about
to build vessels for this particular service, it
would doubtless build vessels that would cost
less money than these have cost. But if you
undertake to sell these vessels you will not be
able to obtain enough money for them to pay
for building vessels of a different character—of
the character which would answer the purpose
that these now do. It would, therefore, be use-
less and inexpedient to sell these vessels in
order to replace them with others that would
be no more efficient, because you would gain
nothing in the way of expense. I hope gentle-
men will consider this subject carefully before
they undertake to do that which will be so
largely in the interest of the smugglers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment to the amendment.
Let me state to this committee that these
reven'ue cutters, as they are here called, are an
exceptional class of vessels. They were never
put on the lakes for revenue purposes or be-
cause of any recommendation made By the
Treasury Department. That Department has
never asked for the building of one of those
so-called revenue cutters for the purpose of
protecting the revenue. These vessels were
built under the influence of a scare. A bill
for the purpose was introduced and pushed
through Congress in ten days' time, in the
expectation that we might have a row with
Canada. And, notwithstanding the causes
which led to their construction have now
passed away entirely, yet these revenue cutters
have been kept there for four or five years at
a cost of $161,000 a year. I have letters from
gentlemen living at different points along the
lakes, stating that there is no portion of the
extravagant expenditures of the country so
utterly inexcusable as the keeping of these
revenue cutters on the lakes for the purposes
for which they are now employed there; and I
think they are gentlemen, quite as anxious to
prevent smuggling as my distinguished friend
from the smuggling district of New York, [Mr.
Humphrey.] I say that a little tug or schooner
that would cost butoneortwo thousanddollars
would do more service than any of these reve-
nue cutters j and we can obtain as many such
craft as may be necessary if we only order that
these revenue cutters shall be laid up. I now
yield to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
for one minute.
Mr. PIKE. The large vessels on the coast
are found to be very convenient for picnic
parties for distinguished gentlemen going from
one point to another. Perhaps the gentleman
from Illinois has not considered that these
vessels on the lakes may be useful for similar
purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Dmggs,] who
represents a lake district, says that not a sin-
gle one of these revenue cutters has ever made
a seizure.
I now yield to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allisox.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say only one word in relation to this matter.
I have recently had a conversation with a dis-
inguished officer of the revenue, who says that
this whole revenue service is a fraud upon the
Government. I believe the remark applies as
well to the revenue service on the coast as to
that on the lakes.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman is quite right.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 believe that one half
dozen vigilant men can do more to detect frauds
upon the revenue than all these revenue cutters
put together.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUMPHREY. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. DRTGGS. I renew the amendment.
I desire briefly to say, in answer to the gen-
tleman from Buffalo, [Mr. Humphkey,] that
while these vessels may be of some service on
the lakes, yet the detection of frauds upon the
revenue by smuggling is accomplished almost
wholly by the small coasting vessels, not by
these revenue cutters. I was myself last sum-
mer upon a small steamer, the Huron, sailing
upon the west coast of Lake Huron, when a
smuggler was detected. He ran his boat up
a small inlet, took his mast down, and skulked
into the woods. His boat was captured. One
of these cutters could never have got near
enough to that boat to capture it. 1 think it
is not necessary to keep more than one of these
cutters on the lakes. Cases might arise of
gangs of smugglers that could not be broken up
by the small vessels engaged in commerce ; and
then oneof these naval vessels mightbe sentfor.
If it were in order, I would move to amend
the amendment so as to retain in service one
only of these cutters. The one'retained, how-
ever. should not be the steamer Michigan, an
old worn-out craft. Let it tie one of the new
and fast-sailing steamers.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, it will be
observed that the opposition to these revenue
cutters comes from the borders of the country
where the services of these vessels are required
for preventing smuggling ; and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] has told_ us
that lie has numerous letters from that section
advising him that these cutters are entirely
useless. Now, it is not at all strange that those
constituencies that are engaged in smuggling
are opposed to levenue officers and revenue
cuttcry
My colleague [Mr. Pike] says that these
vessels are used for the purpose of carrying
certain gentlemen on picnics.
Mr. PIKE. I said "may be useful."
.Mr. LYNCH. Now, I suppose that my col-
league alluded to the trip of the cutter Mahon-
ing? which took the United States district
attorney for the district in which I reside, and
certain other official gentlemen, down to ray
colleague's district, interfering seriously with
the business carried on there. [Laughter.]
