mfc
(T
5510 oomnmmMAii
*r
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman frovp
Wisconsin [Mr. Washbukn] rose and was
reeosrnized by the Chair. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] thon rose and desired to
put an interrogatory to the gentleman's col-
league. [Mr. Paixe.] who resumed the floor
with the consent of his colleague [Mr. Wash-
bvkn. of Wisconsin] Cor the purpose of yield-
ing to allow the interrogatory to be put. The*
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] in the
opinion of the Chair, gained the floor for the
remainder of the hour to which the gentlemam
from Wisconsin first upon the floor [Mr.
Paixl] was entitled. The latter gentleman
);as the right to reclaim the floor whenever he
pleases; but unless he does so the Chair rules
that the gentleman from Illinois is entitled to
the tloor till the expiration ©f the hour*
Mr. ROSS. I only want to set myself right
ou this question, I was about to answer the
interrogatory of my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
bvrne, of Illinois.] He speaks about the
effect which an expansion of the currency has
on labor in my State. Now, I would say to
him that since the inauguration of the policy
of withdrawing from circulation $4,000,000
monthly of the people's money wages have
been greatly reduced in my State, The policy
which my colleague [Mr. Washbcbxe, of Illi-
nois] has been in favor of, and which he
helped inaugurate, is to take up the people's
money that draws no interest and leave the
bonds exempt from taxation and still drawing
interest. I suppose the gentleman has some
bankers in Galena that he represents, and he
thinks it is right to look after their interest as
well as that of the rest of his patriotic con-
stituents.
Now I am willing to stand knd abide by
whatever contract the Government made in re-
lation to this currency. I think it made a bad
bargain. We provided In the first place for
issuing these bonds which were taken up by
the capitalists when they did not pay over
forty or fifty cents on the dollar for them.
When the Government w«$ in a strait these
money loaners and bond-holders took, advan-
tage of its necessity. They not only furnished
us a depreciated currency worth not more than
half what it is now for our bonds, but they
said : "You must exempt those bonds from the
ordinary tax in the country.". And my col-
league consented to it. Consequently now in
his own town if the citizens want to build a
school-house and get together and vote a tax
on their property for it those of his constitu-
ency who have their thousands and hundreds
of thousands invested in United States bonds
do not pay a dollar of tax on these bonds
either for the school-house or paying the teach-
ers, though their children get the benefit of the
school, while poorer men, who own no bonds,
have to pay all the tax. Now, sir, I am op-
posed to taking away the people's money on
which we pay no interest ana keeping these
bonds which draw gold interest fastened on the
country.
But what further advantage do you give these
bond-holders? They say, "We have taken
your bonds, you have exempted them from
taxation, now we ask you in addition to per-
mit us whenever we deposit $100,000 of Gov-
ernment bonds in the Treasury of the United
States to take out $90,000 in currency."
What is the result? Why, in the first place,
their bonds are exempt from taxation; then
they draw six per cent, interest in gold, which
is equivalent to twelve per cent.,on tjie. ori-
ginal investment; then they loan out their cur-
rency, in my colleague's district, at ten per
cent. Now, let us compute the amount of
interest they realize.' First, twelve per cent,,
reducing it to currency; then six per cent,
more, and then ten per cent, from the loan of
the currency, making twenty-eight per cent,
on the investment, without liability to taxation.
Such is the policy my colleague seeks to con-
tinue. He supposes that the party to which he
belongs will place itself upon that platform. I
tell him if he undertakes to stand on the bond-
holders' platform he will find himself almost
alone, his party will be very select in the State
of Illinois. He cannot carry his colleagues of
the same political faith with him because the
people will not indorse or sanction such an
iniquity. The people of this country cannot
stand it to have one fourth of the property
exempt from tuxation. Bonds of the United
States must be subjected to the usual rate of
taxation. And how are yon to do it? By
paying them off according to the original terms
of the contract—the interest in gold and the
principal in the same kind of money that we
received for them, and the sam« we contracted
to pay.
My colleague knows that when his constitu-
ents in Galena loaned gold to individuals to be
paid in gold by contract they were compelled
to accept greenbacks in payment, and that, too,
by his vote. He voted that the soldiers in the
Army should be paid in greenbacks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will mv
colleague allow me to inquire whether he voted
that the soldiers should be paid in anything?
Mr, ROSS. I voted to increase their pay to
twenty dollars per month and my colleague
voted against it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir 1
I beg pardon.
Mr. ROSS. He is willing to turn off the
lame and decrepit soldiers, their widows and
children, with greenbacks, but insists upon pay-
ing coin to the boud-holders. Butj sir, I appre-
hend his party will be very slack in paying off
the bonds in gold, for the people are speaking
on this subject. Now I have too great a regard
for the good of the country and interest in its
prosperity to \fish to see anything done that
will injure the material interest of the people.
But the currency of the country is under the
control of Congress and, may be increased or
diminished as the business and exigencies of
the country may require. I would commence
at once retiring the national bank currency,
and with the $300,000,000 of greenbacks
issued to take its place I would take up $300,-
000,000 of bonds, thereby reducing the national
debt to that amount and save $18,000,000 per
annum in gold paid as interest. Then let us
commence paying off these five-twenty bonds
as we can, according to the original contract,
and in that way in a short time we can wipe
out our debt. That is what we want. ;It is
very desirable that we should in some legiti-
mate way get rid of this debt.
I will admit to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
SpaLDikg-, ] who asked me a question just now,
"that I was not very favorably impressed by the
overthrow of what was regarded as the old
Democratic doctrine in the issue of these legal-
tender notes. I did not believe in it at the
time. Bnt this is an age of change and prog-
ress, and if anything is proposed that com-
mends itself to my judgment I am willing to
approve it let it come from what party it> may.
I think now that it is a fortunate circumstance
for the country that we have got greenbacks,
and that by the terms of our contract we may
lawfully use them in the liquidation of the most
of our public debt. It will help us, as the Rep-
resentatives of the people,, to roll this heavy
hurden off the shoulders of the tax-payers of
the country. It is legitimate and proper that
it should be done. Why not then inaugurate
it at once ? Let. us take the honor of it.
If we do not do it, the succeeding Congress
will. The next Congress. elected will be in
favor of paying the debt as contracted in the
legal currency of the country, and gentlemen
cannot prevent it. Let us make a virtue of
necessity, then, and at once inaugurate the
system of paying off this debt.
We have got to retrench the expenses of the
Government; we have got to fall back on the
old Democratic platform which my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Spaldino] and I stood upon many
years ago; we have got to lop off extra ex-
penses ; we have got to reduce the Army to a
peace establishment; we have got to repeal the
odious acta of reconstruction that pre now in
operation in the South ; and when all that is
done the way is open for us to get rid of this
debt.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to ask my
Democratic friend to what extent he contem-
Elates issuing these greenbacks. 1 understand
im to propose, in the first place, to take up
the circulation of the national brinks and then to
pay the bonds. What will it all amount to?
Mr. ROSS. To pay the bonds?
Mr. SPALDING. What will be the whole
amount of greenbacks ?
Mr. ROSS. Well, I have made a little com-
putation of that, but I did not expect tobe called
upon to speak on this subject to-day, and I
ha\ not got my figures here. I think it might
be divided into six or eight payments.
Mr. SPALDING. How much would it be
altogether in greenbacks?
Mr. ROSS. I would pay about that mnch
a year.
Mr. SPALDING. How much a year?
Mr. ROSS. About one sixth or one eighth
of the entire sura each year, and.what I. took
up in taxationl would retire.
Mr. SPALDING. Would you take up all
the circulation of the national banks in green-
backs ?
Mr. ROSS. Certainly I would,
Mr. SPALDING, Their bills?
Mr. ROSS. Every one of them. I would
take up every dollar of national cnrrency that
the banks have in greenbacks.
Mr. SPALDING. Then the only questioa
is how much the greenbacks will be worth.
That is the only question.
Mr. ROSS. I think they will be worth about
as much as they are now. As the national debt
is paid off the value of the greenbacks would
increase.
Mr. BLAINE. What are you going to ran
the Government with if. you take up all the tax-
ation in that way? .
Mr. ROSS. We have the machinery to grind
it out, and we caa make more greehbacks.
[LaaghterC] I want to get rid of the bonds as
speedily as possible without materially dis -
turbing the business of the country. I do not
want to do any injustice to the bond-holder.
Far be it from me. He should be paid accord-
ing to the contract. I do not want to pay it
off so fast as to greatly injure him. <
Now, sir. by inaugurating a policy of this
kind it appears to me that we will do a great
benefit to our constituents,, that we will not do
any injustice to the men who hold the bonds.
There is neither justice nor sound policy iu dis-
criminating between the public creditors; all
should fare alike, and this odious distinction
cannot bp obviated until the national debt is
Caid and all property alike subject to the
urdens of taxation for national, State, and
municipal purposes.
I sincerely hope that so desirable a result
may be speedily obtained without doing injus-
tice or injury to the public creditors, .Or.impair-
ing the credit or tarnishing the national honor.
[Here the hammer fell.] -
Jr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, resumed
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BLAINE, who renewed the motion that
the committee rise and report to the House the
resolutions in regard to the President's annual
message.
The motion was agreed to; so the committee
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, , - ,,
Mr. DAWES reported that the Committer
of the Whole on the state of the Union, pursu-
ant to order, had under consideration the U niolk
generally, and particularly the annual message
of the President, and had instructed him tp
report sundry resolutions in relation to the dis-
tribution of the message and accompanying
documents to the various standing committees
o?the House, with a recommendation that the
same be adopted.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House now adjourn.
. The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
