1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
 a
under the laws of the State of Michigan, in
regard to the grant of land made to aid in
the construction of one of the roads in that
State, and asking that the grant may be
enjoyed by that portion of the road south of
Lansing on the same terms and conditions as
it is enjoyed by the company north of Lansing.
In presenting this memorial I ask the attention
of the Committee 011 Public Lands to it, as it
affects an interest extending into Indiana as
well as Michigan. I move its reference to the
Committee 011 Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens ofMinnesota, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Le Sueur to Elysian, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of Tennessee, praying an appro-
priation to enable them to remove to Liberia;
which was ordered to be laid on the table.
He also presented a petition of Elizabeth J.
Miller, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented resolu-
tions ot the Legislature of Maine, in favor of
an appropriation for removing the obstruc-
tions in the channel of the Penobscot river ;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, a meeting
was held in the city of Baltimore 011 the 22d
of last month to take into consideration what
are alleged to be violations of the rights of
naturalized citizens by some of the Govern-
ments of Europe, and particularly the Govern-
ment of England. Resolutions were adopted
by the meeting, which was very numerous and
very respectable; and one of them contains a
request that a committee should be appointed
to present a copy of them to their Senators
anrl Representatives in Congress, and take
such steps as they might deem necessary to
effect the. object of the meeting. I present
the resolutions, and move their reference to
the Committee 011 Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the papers
in the case of M. D. Duffield, before the Com-
mittee on Claims, be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate. I understand no report has
been made in the case.
Mr. CONNESS. I think there has been a
report made by the committee in that case.
Mr. POMEROY. I am told that no report
has been made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
has been an adverse report, leave to withdraw
cannot be granted.
Mr. POMEROY. If any report has been
made, I hope the order will not be entered.
I also ask that the petition of Mary Thomp-
son be withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pi;o tempore. It will be
withdrawn if there has been no adverse report.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Emily Hooe have leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the pension certificates
accompanying her petition.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Almira Thompson and others have
leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 889) exempting property in
the District of Columbia held and used for
school purposes ffom local taxation, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 27) authorizing the corporation
of Washington to make a loan and issue stock
for building a market-house, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported
to be considered as a substitute for the pre-
vious bill a bill (S. No. 394) to provide for the
removal of the center market, in the city of
Washington, and for the erection of a market
building in a more suitable locality; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them with amendments:
A bill (H. R. No. 659) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Pickell;
A bill (PI. II. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (H. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George
R. Waters;
A bill (H. R. No. 663) granting a pension
to Cyrus I£. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (H. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the'minor children of Charles Goulor ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 665) granting a pension
to Susan V. Berg; and
A bill (H. R. No. 66fi) granting a pension
to Henry II. Hunter.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (IT. R. No. 668) granting
a pension to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus
Butler, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 785) to revive an act to constitute Han-
nibal, Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of
delivery, reported it without amendment.
NORTHERN AND NORTHWESTERN LAKES.
Mr. CHANDLER,. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (8. R. No. 108) relating to the survey of '
the northern and northwestern lakes, have
directed mo to report it back and rccommend
its passage ; and 1 ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to put it on its passage now.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Its object is to provide that the sec-
ond section of the act making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repair
of certain fortifications and other works of de-
fense for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808,
approved March 2, 1867, shall not apply to the
appropriation "for the survey of the northern
ancl northwestern lakes."
Mr. CHANDLER. I will merely state that
the fortification bill last year contained in one
of its items an appropriation of $155,000 for
the survey of the northern and northwestern
lakes. That was intended for the present
fiscal year, closing the 30th of June next, but
in the second section of that act was this pro-
viso, which was intended to apply solely to
fortifications:
"Provided, That there shnll not be over fifty per
cent, of the foregoing appropriations expended dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18138, and
the residue thereof shall not bo expended until
otherwise ordered/'
That was not intended to apply to the ap-
propriation for the survey either of the coast
or of the lakes, but was intended to apply to
fortifications. The committee are unanimous
in recommending that this appropriation be
taken out from the effect of the proviso. One
half of the appropriation has been expended,
and of course nothing further can be done from
now until the 30th of June unless this clause
locking it up is repealed.
The joint resolution was reported to the j!
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SURVEY OF BAYOU MANCIIAC.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee 011 Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for the
printing of additional copies of the report of
the Secretary of War, communicating the re-
port of Brigadier General M. D. Macalester, of
a survey of the Bayou Mauchac and Amite
river, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being 110 objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That throe thousand additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of W ar communicating the
report of Brigadier General M. J).Macalester, maj,or
of engineers, of a survey of the Bayou Manehae and
Amite river, with the maps accompanying the report,
bo printed for the use of theSnatc: ancl that the
maps be also printed to accompany the regular edi-
tion.
Mr. RAMSAY. What river is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Amit6 river that
runs into Lake Ponchartrain.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Printing how
much that will cost?
_ Mr. ANTHONY. Three hundred and forty-
six dollars and fifty cents.
The resolution was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 895^ for the relief of the heirs of persons
in the military or naval service of the United
States who may have initiated claims to the
public lands under the provisions of the home-
stead laws of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 396) for the relief of the citizens of Boise
City, Territory of Idaho ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. THAYERasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
397) to dissolve the Indian peace commission
erected by act of Congress of July 20, 1S67;
which was road twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
159.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 159) relating to the
Western Paeilic railroad. The bill as origin-
ally introduced proposed to authorize the West-
ern Pacific Railroad Company to locate the
western terminus of its railroad and telegraph
lines at Yorba Buena Island, on the Bay of
San Francisco, and for this purpose to grant to
the company, its successois and assigns, such
portion of the island as shall not be required
and selected within one year from its passage
for the purpose of fortifications, by authority
of the President of the United States. It also
proposed to authorize the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company to locate and construct a rail-
road thence, by the shortest and most practi-
cable route, to a point on its present line at or
south of the city of Stockton, and to enfran-
chise them with all the grants, privileges, and
benefits, and made subject to all the conditions
of the several acts of Congress relating to the
company and its railroad and telegraph line;
but nothing herein contained was to be so con-
strued as to increase the subsidies in bonds
beyond that accruing under existing lines of
location and laws heretofore passed providing
for the construction of the Pacific railroad.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out after the word "that," in the third line
of the bill, the following words:
The AVestern Pacific Kailroad Company be, and
is hereby, authorized to locate the v/ettern terminus
of its railroad and telegraph lines at Yerba Buena
Island, ill the Bay of San i'raneisco, and for such
puiposc there is hereby granted to the said company,
it* successors and assigns, such portion of the said
island as shall not be required and selected within
one year from the passage of this act for the pur-
pose of fortifications, by authority of the President
of the United States.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The Western Pacific Railroad Company of Califor-
nia be, and is hereby, permitted to occupy lor the pur-
poses of a depot, storehouses, and other necessary
fixtures so much of the island known as Yerba Buena
orGoatlsland.in thcBay of San Francisco, California,
as may, within one year from the time this act shall
take effect., bodesignated by the General of the Army
of the United States, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of War, as not being required in time of peace
for military purposes; which privilege shall, how-
