1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8509
sioner of Education at its head did not com-
mend itself to my mind, and did not meet my
approval or my support. Congress, however,
decided upon it, and it is done. I hope the
experiment will prove beneficial in its results ;
but I doubt very much whether it will do any
good. I think it will be more likely to produce
evil than good. That is my opinion about it.
Now, sir, I really hope we shall not again
begin the system of buying books. This may
or may not be a good book; I know nothing
about it. Prom what I know of the author [
should think it probably was a good book,
because I regard hiu as an able man. But,
sir, that is no reason in my judgment why
Congress should again begin this business of
buying books that are compiled by individuals
to be distributed among the people. What
will ten or fifteen thousand dollars spent in
this way for books to be distributed by Con-
gress do toward the education of the people?
We shall send them perhaps to a few libraries
that are perfectly able to buy one apiece them-
selves, or to individuals, or school districts
that are able to purchase them for a dollar and
a half or two dollars. It will go a very short
distance, and produce comparatively but very
little good. I have seen very little good aris-
ing from the distribution of books by Congress;
and even if good might arise from it I dislike
entirely the system. It is a bad plan to spend
public money for the purchase of books to be
distributed by members of Congress. It only
leads to expense, creates an additional burden
on the Treasury, and I do not think the good
derived from it is at all adequate to compensate
for the evil that arises from establishing or
encouraging any sueh system.
We had before the Committee on the Library
a similar application for the purchase of a book
compiled for the use of schools principally,
something iu the nature of a law book, by a
gentleman in New York. He wanted Con-
gress to purchase one copy for every school
district in the United States, and offered them
at a very low rate, hardly exceeding, if it was
up to the cost of the manufacture of the book
itself. I was opposed to the proposition, how-
ever, and so were the committee. I do not
know that they reported upon it; but it met
with no favor; and it met with no favor for
the reason I have stated, that we thought the
system was a bad one, and Congress ought not
again to begiu in a course of action which bad
once been abandoned as not only useless com-
paratively in itself, but as a bad practice. In
this case, then, however well I may think of
the author, I really hope the Senate will not
begin again to purchase books for distribution.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I suppose
that enough has been said on this subject.
There appears to be a majority of opinion, I
should judge by what I have beard, against
the purchase of this book. I am glad that that
is the ease. I am not in favor of the invest-
ment, nor have 1 been in favor of the purchase
of other books that have been authorized by
Congress. The Senator from Maine tells us
that he supported the purchase of Lanman's
Dictionary because it told the country some-
thing about him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senator
misrepresents me. I said I could not see any
other reason for buying it; but I was not in
favor of it.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was referring prob-
ably to the Senator himself and others who
supported it.
Mr. CONNESS. It happened to be my part
also to oppose that publication, for I really did
not believe it could say anything about me that
would be of any service to anybody, and least
of all perhaps to myself. [Laughter.] I am
sorry that I misunderstood the Senator, but I
am glad to find that we agreed on that prop-
osition. I hope, sir, that we shall not invest
in the purchase of this book, however useful
it may be, that we may simply add it to our
libraries and have a few to distribute. I think
that while we are cutting down needed appro-
priations of public money for many branches
of the public service we ought not to make
this investment. I disagree a little with the
Senator from Maine in one respect; and that is
this : where the Congress of the United States
order work to be done, investigations to be
made, contributions, if you please, of knowl-
edge for public purposes, I think an invest-
ment of public money for the publication of
the ascertained facts is a part of the work and
necessary to be done and a good expenditure
or investment of public money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This seems to be treated
as if it was a new principle and embarking in
the purchase of books. If it would suit the
Senators from California and Maine and New
York any better we could change this amend-
ment so as to direct ten thousand copies of this
work to be printed, as we do every day here
oil the motion of any member, almost of any-
thing that is sent here.
Mr. CONKLING. You cannot do that with-
out buying the copyright.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We could buy the copy-
right ; that would cost but little; and that was
one of the propositions suggested in the Judi-
ciary Committee. There were two members
of the Judiciary Committee opposed to this
amendment; I was aware of that; but a ma-
jority of the committee were always in favor
of procuring in some form for the use of Con-
gressa republication of the Constitution. Those
two members of the committee expressed their
dissatisfaction there, and have done it here to-
day. If the Senate do not think it proper to
have a republication of the Constitution of
course they will vote down this amendment and
they would vote down the proposition in the
other form. The committee have carefully con-
sidered the matter, a majority of them knowing
thatllickey's Constitution was outof the mar-
ket, difficult to obtain. They regard that as a
very valuable book ; I find it so ; and regarding
this as still more so with its references and
annotations, a useful book to all public men,
and it being supposed that to republish it would
be more expensive than to purchase copies of
the book already published, the committee
recommended the proposition in this form. I
care nothing about it more than any other
Senator. 1 thought it was a proper purchase
to make, and a useful book for the benefit of
the Senate.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I am consid-
ering how I shall vote on this matter. I have
heard so many speeches that I think it not
improper to submit my own views to the Sen-
ate. I think there is a medium view to be
taken of this subject of printing books. I
think that the Congress of the United States
should not become a publishing house to pub-
lish all good books for circulation and for the
benefit of the people. On the other hand, I
think that Congress should use a wise discre-
tion, and should be, to some extent, a patron
of authors, and, if the Senator from New York
pleases, of the fine arts. I do not see why a
republican Government should not patronize
authors and the fine arts as much as a mon-
archy or any other Government, especially if
there is as much ability with Congress as there
is with crowned heads and aristocracies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have made appro-
priations for the fine arts; to Vinnie Beam,
for instance.
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir: and very properly,
I think. I hope the Senator himself will be
satisfied in the course of time that that was a
judicious appropriation, and I believe he will
be if he does not prejudge the ease before a
fair experiment has been made. If he is as
liberal and generous to the young, the aspiring,
and the deserving as he ought to be, and as I
believe the real merit of that artist justifies, I
think he will not regret that appropriation.
But, sir, 1 was about to say that I believe
Congress should cxercise a wise discretion in
the matter. I have never heard of complaints
on the part of the people that Congress pub-
lished too much and expended too much for
information circulated among the people. So
far as I am concerned, I know of nothing that
gives the people so much gratification as to
receive public documents from members of
Congress upon important questions which affect
their interests and their welfare. The discre-
tion which ought to be used is this, I think:
it should be to patronize authors and the arts.
For instance, if a valuable work will not sus-
tain itself, if it, will not pay for itself, and the
country must lose the benefit of that work u nless
some aid is given to it by Government, whether
it be a monarchy or a republic, in that ease it
is the duty of Government to lend its aid in
order to secure to the people the benefit of a
good production.
I very well remember that Hickey's Consti-
tution was received throughout the country as
a valuable book, and was so prized, not only
by professional men, but by the people. It was
a good book to circulate. It conveyed to the
firesides of the people a knowledge of the Con-
stitution upon which the Government is based.
This book, as I understand it, is to some extent
to supersede Hickey's Digest of the Constitu-
tion. I am not very much inclined to vote for
the publication of this book, because I see it is
a small book, and it might have been laid upon
the desk of every Senator, so that he could have
examined it and investigated it, and seen
whether it was proper for publication or not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Judiciary Commit-
tee only received copies.
Mr. YATES. Ian told they were confined
entirely to the tiiembersof the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and we must take their word that the
book is a good one. But, sir, the subject-mat-
ter is a proper one. I presume the book is one
which will not sustain itself to be sold in the
market. It is of that character, and contains
that kind of information which is useful to pro-
fessional men; and whatever is useful to pro-
fessional men is useful to the public.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no.
Mr. YATES. As a general rule, every book
that is useful to the professional man is also
useful to the people, whether they understand
it or not. It is necessary that those classes
should have the information, and thus impart
the benefit of it to the community.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not circulate
Chitty or Blacltstone for the same reason?
Mr. YATES. I do not propose to circulate
Chitty's Pleadings or Blaekstone or Story's
Commentaries on the Constitution; but I re-
peat, I am in tavor of a liberal publication by
Congress of all important works, and I say to
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
that I am willing to make publications of ex-
plorations and surveys ; for I think if my friend
from Vermont would read a little more of the
great West 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not find that in the
Constitution.
Mr. YATES. I mean the other Senator from
Vermont—he would not oppose the admission
of Colorado into the Union. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Illinois that he divide this
work, and have half of it for geography. I am
sure that we need as much information on the
subject of geography—certainly I do—as in re-
spect to the Constitution. [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. I was about to say that what-
ever information is important to the country
should be published by Congress with a liberal
hand. But, sir, I do not propose to continue
the debate. I think that this work is a proper
subject of publication. We need such a work
throughout the country, and I shall vote for
this amendment with great pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. It occurs to me, Mr. Pres-
ident, that there is a very broad distinction
between the publication of documents by Con-
gress, reports of scientific explorations made
in pursuance of laws of Congress in regard
to our own Territories and minerals, explora-
tions made by our Navy, and other inform-
ation which would not be given to the world
except through the action of Congress, and_ the
purchase of a work of this character. I believe
