3510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
the genera! character of our documents is such
as I hare stated. Some of these documents
perhaps are not valuable, are not published
perhaps with very much discretion ; but still
there is a very broad distinction between the
publication of documents of that character at
the public expense and the purchase of books
of a general character applicable as well to a
State Legislature as to Congress, to the lawyer
in his office and the private student as to a
Senator.
Such is the character of this book. It is a
good book, and could be studied with profit
by everybody, but it does not pertain pecu-
liarly to Congress. It contains information
that everybody ought to have ; that members
of the Senate ought to possess in order to
enable them to discharge their duties well.
But, sir, there are thousands of books, as was
suggested by the Senator from Vermont, works
on geography, works of science of various
kinds, that it would be important for us to
possess and to understand ; but should we pur-
chase at public expense books of that kind
because we need them and because we ought
to know what they contain? If so, we should
be furnished with libraries at the public ex-
pense. In my opinion the purchase of books
of this kind cannot be justified.
The Senator from Illinois says that this book
will not sustain itself if Congress does nothelp
it. Then, like other books, it will go out of
print. There are thousands of good books
that fail; but books of real value, as a general
thing, sustain themselves in this country; they
are profitable. So many copies of them are
sold that it is wholly unnecessary for the Gov-
ernment Hfcome in and aid the publisher or
author. If we need this book we ought to
buy it at our own expense, just as wo would
buy a work 011 geography or geology or min-
eralogy
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
says that we ought to republish the Constitu-
tion. Sir, there is another book that the mem-
bers of this Senate need about as badly as they
do the Constitution, and that is the New Tes-
tament. T have seen a recent publication of
Commentaries on the New Testament, said to
be in a very compact and excellent form, and
novel in its character. We, individually, need
that book as much as we do this, and there
would bo just as much propriety in buying it at
the expense of the Government as there would
be in buying this book, especially at this time;
but who would think of doing that?
Mr. President., let ns set the example of
retrenchment in every reasonable form. I do
not mean to retrench expenses where they are
necessary, to adopt the penny-wise and pound-
foolish system of economy: but where there
are expenses that are not legitimate in their
character, and can be well and properly dis-
pensed with, we ought to dispense with them.
This is only SIS,000; but we have no light to
expend it in this direction.
Something was said about supporting the line
arts. Well, sir, there are two ways of doing
that. The appropriation that wo have made of
810,000 for a work of art may turn out to be
valuable hereafter. At the present time, I
believe, it is generally the subject of ridicule.
Mr. President, I am utterly opposed to this
amendment. If we need this book let us buy
it, as we would any other book that is important
to us: and let, 'lie people buy it, as probably a
great many of them will do ; butthe idea of our
purchasing ten thousand copies of a new work-
on the Constitution containing commentaries,
notes, and references to authorities on that
subject, it seems to ine. is entirely improper.
Mr. S'i'15 WART. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
induce me to suggest some reasons, which, if
he will reflect upon. I think he will agree to,
why this appropriation should pass. He says
there is no more reason for buying this work
than for hujing the New Testament; and he
tries to show us that is out of our line alto-
gether. Now, I recollect, that we passed a bill
a year or two ago for the codification of the
statutes, which is a precisely analogous work to
this, and we received a communication from the
coditiers this morning. Suppose some private
individual bad codified the statutes thoroughly,
just as we find the decisions on the Constitu-
tion codified and arranged in this work, and
offered it to us at fifty per cent, or ten per cent,,
less than the usual cost, would it not be legiti-
mate for us to buy it? It is just as important
to us to have the practice of the Government
under the Constitution, and the decisions upon
the Constitution before us in a convenient shape
as it is to have the statutes codified.
This work has been done, well done, better
done than a commission would have done it;
and the question now is, after it has been done,
a work which we ourselves would have ordered,
whether we shall purchase some copies of it.
I f it were an original question, after Hickey's
Constitution and Digest had gone out of print,
and much new matter of construction of the
Constitution had come up and needed arrange-
ment, and there had been a proposition to
appoint three gentlemen to codify and arrange
the authorities and decisions, I think it would
meet with the approbation of the Senate. I
think it is quite as important as the codifica-
tion of the laws. It is just as important for
us to know what have been the decisions of
the different departments on the Constitution
as it is to have the statutes codified and
arranged. It is a work of great labor ; and it
has been admirably done by a gentleman of
great ability, better than a commission would
have done it; and the question now is whether
we shall give this work some encouragement
by purchasing a few copies. It is a work that
will not obtain the circulation that it ought to
obtain without some appropriation from Con-
gress. It is more useful for members of Con-
gress than for any one else. 11 ought to be circu-
lated in the libraries. It is of great importance
that the people should know what the Consti-
tution is and how it has "been regarded by dif-
ferent departments of the Government, and
how its provisions have been construed. Inas-
much as this work, which we would have author-
ized in the beginning, has been accomplished
by the private enterprise of an eminent man,
it seems to me it does not fall under the same
head as ordinary publications. That was my
opinion when the subject was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I think so still.
I think there is a distinction between it and
other published works which do not relate so
materially to the carrying on of the Govern-
ment. To understand the construction of the
Constitution every department of the Govern-
ment must have some knowledge. Let us have
some means of obtaining knowledge in carry-
ing on these different departments. We need
it for practical use as much as we do the stat-
utes, and it is quite as important. If we had
made this codification it would have cost us
ten times as much as it will to get it in the way
that is now proposed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Until the gentleman from Nevada made Lis
remarks 011 this amendment, 1 could not under-
stand why it was brought here from the Judi-
ciary Committee, and 1 am notable to see now
why they should have selected this particular
book rather than half a dozen other books
We have a small epitome or digest of Story's
Commentaries 011 the Constitution. Then there
is Sheppard's small work upon the Constitu-
tion, and Wilson's, and some half a dozen
other books just, like this.
Mr. STEWART. None of those books are
like this.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Perhaps the covers are of a different color.
Mr. STEWART. No ; the contents are not
alike.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
They are 011 the same subject, and the only
question is as to which is the best on the same
subject. A majority of the committee have
decided that this was the proper book for us to
select and publish at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. It looks to me as though it was a
matter of injustice to others who have written
on this subject, for it gives a sort of monopoly
to this particular book. It gives an advantage
certainly to this author which those who have
charge of the publication of Story's Work or
Sheppard's Work or Wilson's Work will not
have, because it comes with the approbation of
the Government.
Then, again. I see no reason why this book
should be published and sent abroad at the
expense of the Government any more than the
statutes should be. Why should not Congress
on the same principle publish the entire body
of our statutes and send them out into every
school district of the country ?
Mr. MORTON. Or Helper's Book.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Or Helper's Book. I am inclined to think that
would be more help to the country than this
will be. I am surprised that my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] should urge this
matter, because about a year and a half ago
I believe the Constitution was left in almost
every village of the West in a famous tour that
was made, and Indiana was especially favored
in that circulation. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the flag.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Yes, sir; and the flag also, and I am not aware
that, there is even a picture of the flag in this
book. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator in-
dorse that view of the Constitution?
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNewHampshire. No;
I think it is a spurious edition; but many of
the people of the West have been indoctrinated
in that view of the Constitution, and it might
be better, perhaps, to give them abetter edition
of the work.
Mr. President, the principle upon which we
have published the agricultural reports and
the reports of our exploring expeditions is a
very different one. The material which enters
into the agricultural report is collected by the
Government itself, and cannot be collected by
any individual or society, and that material is
digested and put into the form of a book, and
then sent all over the country for the advantage
of the agricultural interests of the country. So
these great exploring expeditions are always
accompanied by men of science who collect
the materials of science ; those materials are
taken and digested and put into form by some
men of science ; and then circulated at the
public expense, simply because no individual,
and no number of individuals, could collect
that material or circulate it at, their own ex-
pense. Every interest of science is advanced
by that circulation, and the whole country is
benefited. But there is no earthly reason why
this book should be sent abroad at the public
expense any more than fifty others. Why
should not the United States Senate pass an
amendment to this bill that the Government
should publish some of the editions of the
spelling-book. Webster's, for instance, or Wor-
cester's edition of the spelling book, because it
is better than any other spelling book which
has ever been published, and, therefore, send it
forth at the public expense? I am entirely
opposed to this thing. We publish too many
books at the public expense.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not. feel
very strongly about this matter any way, anil
I hardly know that I should feel called upon
to say anything in regard to it, if it were not
moved as it is by the Senator from Illinois,
who admonished me yesterday that I was in
danger of appearing neglectful, to say the
least, to the Senate and to my duties to this
bill by allowing amendments to be made with-
out an attempt to resist them.
But I do not rise in that spirit even now to
resist this, simply because the Senator from
Illinois has offered it, or because it is an
amendment to the appropriation bill; for I do
not conceive it to be my duty to stand here
with a bludgeon to strike at every tiling because
it is proposed upon an appropriation bill. But,
sir, t doubt somewhat whether this proposition
fulfills any of the conditions that have beeu
