1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ever, be suspended whenever the United States shall
be engaged in war or in imminont danger thereof,
and notice of such determination shall be given to
said company, its successors or assigns, by the Secre-
tary of War, with the approval of the President.
And in case of such suspension of said privilege it
shall be the right of the United States to take pos-
session of the part of said isfand subject to said priv-
ilege, together with ail buildings and other fixtures
erected thereon by said company, and to occupy and
u e the same for military purposes during the war,
and so long thereafter as shall bo deemed necessary
by the Secretary of War, with the like approval;
and the United States'shall pay to said company,
their successors or assigns, such sum as may be
reasonably due for such use and occupation thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad had reported this
bill, but as I did not attend one or two meet-
ings of the committee, I have no doubt it was
considered by them then and reported. It was
partially considered When I was present. Now,
I wish the Senate to understand the condition
of this matter. The island of Yerba Buena is
an island of one hundred and fifty-four acres,
in the Bay of San Francisco. It is an island
of great value, according to the statement of
General Humphreys, amounting to millions
perhaps—anywhere between two hundred thou-
sand and two or three million dollars. The
United States have occupied a portion of
it for fortifications, and it is contemplated to
occupy a portion of it—how much is not yet
ascertained—for the defense of the harbor of
San Francisco. The title is disputed. X pre-
sented the other day a memorial from persons,
one of whom resides iu Ohio, claiming title to
this land under some claim—perhaps the Sen-
ator from California will know it—at any rate
a private claim. The claimants allege that
they have title to this land under a grant from
the Spanish or Mexican Government—I did
not examine it carefully—that they had posses-
sion of the land for a long time, and had made
improvements upon it. That memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee oil the Pacific Rail-
road, and since that time no action has been
had upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; it was referred to
the Committee oil Private Land Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. Whether there is anything
in the claim or not I am not prepared to say,
for I know nothing at all about it. They allege
that they were in possession of this land; that
they own the land. They claim the right to it,
and they assert that they were forcibly ejected
from it by officers of the United States with-
out authority of law. Their claim is still pend-
ing in the War Department and in the courts,
and now in Congress by their memorial. Now,
it is proposed to give the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company, a railroad already endowed in
the State of California with enormous land
grants, and also with subsidies—a railroad from
Sacramcntp to San Francisco, two of the largest
cities on the Pacific coast, in a region of coun-
try with ample facilities to build their own
railroads, endowed by the Government with a
subsidy of $16,000 a mile—it is proposed to
give to this company, without any price or res-
ervation whatever, this island, or such portion
of it as the General-in-Chief may say is not
necessary to the Government of'the United
States for military defenses. In the first place,
it seems to me, that this Government ought
not to give this island to this company without
compensation. In the second place, they ought
not to give this island or any portion of it until
private rights are settled and adjudicated by
the courts or by our committee.
It does seem to me that we have already
given to the Central Pacific railroad ample
privileges, ample grants, and they ought not
to come here and claim other privileges with-
out compensation. When the subject was dis-
cussed in committee a letter was read—I can-
not put my hands upon it—from the Engineer-
in-Chief of the Army, in which he expressed
his opposition to this measure, at least until
steps were taken to ascertain how much was
needed. The General-in-Chief does aotpretend
to pass upon the private claims of individ-
uals; but they, of course, ought to be consid-
ered. Certainly, it seems to me the objections
to the bill are such that it ought not to be
passed without at least grave consideration.
The amount involved I have no means of
knowing anything about except from the state-
ment of the General, who I think put it at a
very large sum. Every person, however, must
know that this island is intrinsically of great
value, because it lies about two miles from the
city of San Francisco directly in front of the
harbor, occupying a much better situation
than Staten Island does relatively to New
York, because it is within two miles of the city
of San Francisco. It contains one hundred
and fifty-four acres of land. It seems to me
that a grant of this kind should not be made,
a privilege of this kind should not be given,
without the gravest consideration, and certainly
not until the rights of private parties are fixed
by law and the decisions of the courts or the
examination of the proper committees.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, if the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio had examined this
question he would not have made this speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have examined it suffi-
ciently to know what I say.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator replies that
he has examined it, so that he knows what he
has said. I doubt that, not questioning the
veracity of the honorable Senator. In the first
place, he has discussed the bill as introduced
in the Senate m the first instance, and not as
reported, which is a license to occupy, which
he said was without conditions, but which is
in fact with exact conditions ; so that the Sen-
ator was not right m his statement.
This bill has been reported by the chairman
of the Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad for
now four weeks or thereabouts. We have not
pressed it upon the attention of the Senate,
because of the precedence to which other busi-
ness was entitled, in our opinion. I regret
that the honorable Senator who is chairman
of that committee is not in his seat this morn-
ing; but! did not expect to pass the bill this
morning; yet 1 desired it discussed. We do
not wish it passed without discussion.
1 t is strange that the honorable Senator from
Ohio, usually very exact, should bo so incxact
as he is in regard to this matter. He tells the
Senate that we propose making very valuable
grants to a company already subsidized heavily
by Government for the building of the railroad.
What we propose to do, and what they ask for,
is to get a place for the terminus at the waters
of the sea, which is as valuable and as neces-
sary to the commerce of the East as to the
commerce of the West. What we want is to
get such a depot for the great Pacific railroad,
the great trans-continental railroad, as will
provide for and facilitate the transmission of
the great commerce of the East as well as the
commerce of the Pacific slope across the con-
tinent—a subject that every consumer and
every merchant on this side is as much inter-
ested in as the company, and more.
And do we ask foranything unusual in this?
Certainly not. I can find the honorable Sen-
ator a dozen or a score of bills passed by Con-
gress granting in fee parts ol reservations be-
longing to the United States and public lands
for railroad depots. I have before me one that
the Senator should be acquainted with. It is
an act granting a part of Rock Island, in the
State ot' Illinois, a very valuable property in-
deed, to a railroad company for such purposes.
There was no question raised, I apprehend,
on the passage of that act as against the com-
pany touching the value of the land, because
it was conferring or proposing to confer a right
upon the company which would facilitate trade
and commerce for which we legislate. 'This j
act that I have before me reads in the first
section—" in order to effect this he" [the Sec-
retary of War] " is authorized to grant1' to the
railroad company " for a permanent location
and right of way on and across Rock Island,
to be fixed and designated by him, such quan-
tity of land to^ be occupied and held by the
company for railroad purposes as may be neces-
sary therefor."
Did that escape the scrutiny of my honorable
Which is how far from
By that rowte it would be
friend when it passed ? This act that we ask
the passage of proposes that the company "is
hereby permitted to occupy," not- granted to
them, ''for the purposes of a depot, store-
houses, and other necessary fixtures so much
of the island known as Yerba Buena or Goat
Island, in the Bay of San Francisco, California,
as may, within one year from the time this act
shall take effect, be designated by the General
of the Army of the United States with the
approval of the Secretary of War."
If not found consistent with the public in-
terests none will be designated. It is essential
that within that time the company know where
their great western terminus is to be. Why?
Because they have already made a contract for
the grading and building of the entire road
lying south and west of Sacramento city to
San Francisco, and it is essential at this time
that they know where they shall locate their
great terminus at the sea.
I will not occupy much time, but I must
allude to the Senator's expressions in regard to
the value of this island. Its value, Mr. Presi-
dent, is entirely prospective, and more assumed
than real. It rises out of the sea to aii eleva-
tion at the center of about one hundred and
fifty feet.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator comes
to that, if he will allow me, I should like to
understand, if he will explaiu as the necessities
of the company are now, where does their route
run? How do they get to San Francisco?
Mr. CONNESS. The Central Pacific Rail-
road Company have become the purchasers of
the franchises granted to the Western Pacific
Railroad Company, to which this privilege is
proposed to be conceded. The route ot the
Western Pacific Railroad Company lies from
Sacramento south and westward to the city of
Stockton, and thence to the town of San Jos6.
Mr.^ CONKLING.
San l'T-ancisco?
Mr. CONNESS.
atleast-
Fifty-four miles, is it not?
From Sacramento not
less than one hundred and fifty-four miles,
probably one hundred and sixty miles.
Mr. CONKLING. But San Jose is south
of San Francisco some fifty odd miles?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then they are to start
and run back again north from San Jos6 to
San Francisco, how far, on tlie coast route, as
now proposed?
Mr. CONNESS. Fifty miles.
Mr. CONKLING. So, as I understand, as
the road is now proposed, they run one hun-
dred miles out of their way, that is fifty miles
down and fifty miles back, to get to San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; more than that.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the fact I wanted
to know.
M.r-.GrRIMES. Do I understand that this
bill is intended not only to confer the title, or
the easement,, if you please to call it so. of this
island 011 the Western Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, but also to allow them to shorten their
line?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mi. GRIMES. It is intended to confer
upon them that franchise, is it not?
Mr. CONNESS. Which one?
GRIMES. A franchise across another
neck of land, so as not to compel them to 20
down to Stockton or San Jose.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; it compels and
requires them to go to Stockton, but not to Sail
dose, because to come from San Jos6 is essen-
tial.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that this
\\ estern 1 acific Railroad Company is a com-
pany created by the State of. California?
Mi. CONNEbS. Yes, sir; it is a corpora-
tion organized under the State of Caliiornia.
but recognized and enfranchised by Congress!
JNow, Jlr. 1 resident, as I was proceeding to
say, the value of this island is entirely exag-
gerated, and for railroad purposes that portion
Mr. CONKLING.
Mr. CONNESS.
