SUPPLEMENT - TO'
unity could- suggest was,, under his, sanction,
thrown in the way of their operating in the
spii-it - intended by Congress, and that their
effect-was- thus almost paB&lyzed. It is also
historic that Mb. Stanton, through whose De-
partment these laws were to be carried into
execution er to be obstructed, was earnestly
in favor of carrying them oat according to the
manifest will of Congress and the fair meaning
of the laws themselves. Nevertheless,obstruct-
ive interpretations and- orders were issued
which lect to the session-of July, 1867, and the
explanatory act of that session. The personal
relations of the; respondent and Mr. Stanton
had been theretofore always friendly, and it
has never been suggested, even, that Mr, Stan-
ton had or has committed any wrong toward
the President personally or otherwise, save in
his conduct before mentioned, and in his re-
fusalto resign. '' Public consideration "alone,
aB.the President himself stated, were the cause
of the difference. The difference as to these
laws, then, existed at that session. The re-
spondeat, in his answer, says that prior to
August 5, 1867, which was only two weeks
after the adjournment, "he became satisfied
that he coald not allow the said Stanton to con-
tinue? to hold the office without hazard to the
public interest." In other words, the Presi-
dent was opposed to the law in all its parts,
and determined to defeat it. Mr. Stanton was
for it. This was the sole'cosiw belli. There
was a clear opportunity to resort to legal means
to displace the Secretary then by nominating
another suitable person in his place.
It may be said that the President knew that
there w.ould be no hope of the confirmation of
any one who would notdisagrec with him about
the full execution of laws as greatly as Mr.
Stanton, and hence it was useless for him to
resort to that method of relief. This is doubt-
less true, and it places the respondent in the
position of refusing to take a clear legal method
of change because it would not answer liis
purpose. This necessarily leads to the pre-
sumption that if the respondent vvas in earnest
he would try ijome other way. Ho did so. No
sooner had Congress adjourned than he "sus-
pended" Mr. Stanton, as ho had a legal right
to do under the act of 18G7, provided lie acted
in good faith in so doing, and not as a mere
cover to get rid of an obstacle in the way of
his own opposition to law. Had he believed
in his power of removal, lie could have exer-
cised itthen, and if Mr. Stanton would notyield,
he could have instantly resorted to the courts
of law. Tins he did not do, but on the con-
trary excluded Mr. Stanton from the office
under the, law for nearly riix months, and then
endeavored to arrange for defeating the same
law, by preventing Mr. Stanton from resuming
possession under the vote of the Senate of
January, 18G8, At that time, then, his design
was plainly to prevent Mr. Stanton, not, by
law, hut by some other expedient, from hold-
ing the office, and forcing him, if he could, to
resort to legal measures for redress.
During all this period down to the 21st of
February, when the act in question was com-
mitted, no one was nominated to succeed Mr.
Stanton ; and from the vote of January to that
date no step whatever was taken to resort to
any legal mode to procure the change he was
determined to bring about. There was no
need to make an ad interim appointment if
the sole object, was to put things in process of
judicial decision, for the order of dismissal
alone, if not obeyed, would do that; and if
obeyed, there would be no further steps in that
respect for the President to take; the desired
end would lie accomplished. In this state of
things, with the Senate in session and pre-
sumably ready to confirm an irreproachable
man, he turns his back upon it and makes
overtures to General Sherman to take the office
under his fiat. This is declined. Then Gen-
eral Thomas, a man who, judging from his
appearance in court, must have been known to
the respondent not to be suited to the place
of Secretary of War, is suddenly restored to
place as Adjutant General, the principal execu-
tive officer in the Army, -and is then at once
appointed Secretary ad interim, with instruc-
tions to " enter immediately upon the discharge
of the. duties," &c., which General Thomas
agrees to do,- with a formal mutual, salvo that
"the Constitution .and the laws" under which
the President had professed at the same time
to dismiss Mr. Stanton, should be maintained.
I-cannot believe that the respondent expected
that Mr. Stanton would yield to anything less
than force. He had been formally notified in
writing in August by Mr. Stanton himself that
he denied his power to remove him, or to sus-
pend him without legal cause, and that he
would only yield when he had " no alternative
but to submit, under protest, to superior force."
Thomas confesses on the stand that at some
time in the course of the effort to get pos-
session, he expected to use force. In view of
all these circumstances I cannot resist the con-
clusion that the sixth and seventh articles are
proved, and that the respondent is guilty, as
therein charged.
The gravamen of the eighth article seems to
be the alleged attempt, by certain meansalleged,
to get unlawful control of the public moneys.
If this be the meaning of that article, and I
think it is, I think the proof does not sustain
the charge, and that the respondent is not guilty
upon that article.
The ninth article appears to me also to be
wholly unsustained by proof.
The tenth and eleventh articles, so far as
they relate to the sayings and speeches of the
respondent, require for their support under the
rule I have before adverted to, an unlawful and
criminal design at)d intent. However disgrace-
ful these speeches may be—and they certainly
do not need any comment in that respect—
fairly considered they were, 1 think, only in-
tended to appealto the political prejudices of the
people, and to induce tliem to overturn the party
of Congress by a revolution at the polls, and
not by illegal violence. As such, I think them,
in a logal sense, within the liberty of speech
secured by the Constitution and by the spirit
of our institutions ; a liberty so essential to the
welfare and pcrmaneney of a free Government
in a state of peace and under the rule of muni-
cipal law, that it were better to tolerate a con-
siderable abuse of it rather than to subject it to
legal repression or condemnation.
Besides the accusation of criminal speech,
article eleven seems to contain three charges:
a contriving of means to defeat the act of
March 2, 1H67 : to defeat the Army appropria-
tion bill of 1807 ; and to defeat the act for the
more etlicient government of the rebel States.
The first and third of these charges, I think,
for the reasons already stated, are proved by
the evidence already referred to as to the
causes for and the attempt to remove Mr. Stan-
ton. The second, I think, is not. But upon
the construction put upon this article by the
Senate, that it only contains an accusation
touching Mr. Stanton, 1 feel bound to vote
guilty upon it.
Much has been said in the course of the trial
upon the nature of this proceeding, and the
nature of the offenses which can fairly be em-
braced with the terms of the Constitution. In
my opinion this high tribunal is the sole and
exclusive judge of its own jurisdiction in such
cases, and that, as the Constitution did not
establish this procedure for the punishment of
crime, but for the secure and faithful adminis-
tration of the law, it was not intended to cramp
it by any specific definition of high crimes and
misdemeanors, but to leave each case to be
defined by law, or, when not defined, to be
decided upon its own circumstances, in the
patriotic and judicial good sense of the Rep-
resentatives of the States. Like the jurisdic-
tion of chancery in cases of fraud, it ought
not to be limited in advance, but kept open as
a great bulwark for the preservation of purity
and fidelity in the administration of affairs,
when undermined by the cunning and corrupt
practices of low offenders, or assailed by bold
and high-handed usurpation or defiance; a
shield tor the honest and law-abiding official;
a sword to those'who pervert or abuse their
powers, teaching the maxim which rulers en-
dowed with the spirit of a Trojan can listen to
without emotion, that "kings may be cash-
iered for misconduct."
Two exceptions that go, practically, to the
jurisdiction of this tribunal over sueli a cause
as this have been so much insisted upon in
argument that their bravery challenges admi-
ration as much as their error does condemna-
tion. The first is that the Senate has no right
to judge in what is called its own case; that
such an act is contrary to the first principles of
justice, &c.
In any proper sense it is not its own case.
Its members have no personal interest in it.
It is the case of the law violated by the usurp-
ation of power under color of office. As well
might it be said that a court  eould not try a
contempt, or punish a breach of injunction, or
sit in judgment in a case in which the com-
munity of which the judges were members had
an interest. To countenance such a doctrine
would be to defeat this great but gentle remedy
of the Constitution almost entirely; for most
of the powers capable of easy usurpation are
those granted to this body.
The second is that the three great depart-
ments of the Government created by the Con-
stitution, being coordinate, neither has the
power to bring into review the acts of the other,
and each is the supreme judge for itself of its
own rights under the Constitution. If each of
the departments were in all respects the equal
of the other, this would be true, and the only
method of correcting the misconduct or ag-
gression of either would bo the ultima ratio
regum—ioTce. But the fathers, whose wis-
dom has been so much and justly praised by
the counsel for the respondent, foresaw that
such an arbitrament would destroy the Gov-
ernment and the liberty that the Constitution
was intended to perpetuate.
They, therefore, in the Constitution defined
and measured, so far as was possible, the
respective powers of each. To this they super-
added the last and only means possible to
human agency, a tribunal composed of the
Representatives of equal States, chosen for
periods long enough to remove them from the
sudden impulses of popular excitement, and
short enough to make them feel responsible to
the settled convictions of the community they
represented. To this tribunal, sworn to im-
partiality and conscientious adherence to the
Constitution and the laws, they committed the
high powers indispensable to such a frame of
Government, of sitting in judgment upon the
crimes and misdemeanors of the President, as
well as all other officers of the United States.
These faculties of the Senate fill up the meas-
ure of that description of it given by Mr. Mad-
ison as the "great sheet anchor of the Gov-
ernment." August, benignant, and supreme,
upon the complaint of the people's Represent-
atives, it brings to its judgment seat judges
and Presidents and all the ministers of the law—
no station too lofty or powerful for its reach,
none too low to escape its notice—and subjects
them, alike, to the serene and steadfast justice
of the law. The mechanism of government
can do no more for society than this. These
great powers, at once the emblem, the ideal,
and the realization of that orderly justice which
is the law, we must this day exercise without
fear. And so acting, there can follow to us
no possible reproach and no detriment to the
Republic.
OPINION
OF
HON. REVERDY JOHNSON.
Time does not permit an examination in de-
tail of the several articles of impeachment. I
content myself, therefore, with considering the
legal questions upon which the most of them
depend.
I. For what can the President be impeached?
If the power was given without assigning the
