1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
of it which is proposed to be authorized to be
used will cost vast sums of money before it can
be bi ought into use for the purposes for which
it is asked; and these statements concerning
the great value of it are simply statements
made gratuitously outside by parties who pre-
tend or profess to have an interest in the island.
Now, as to the question of these claims, I un-
dertake to say that there is not a color of a
claim as against the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to ask my friend
from California what does General Humphreys
say about the value of this island ? 1 know
nothing about it myself. ' i
Mr. CONNESS. General Humphreys makes
some wild guess at it, a very wild guess, hardly
creditable to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
Mr. CONNESS. He puts it at figures very
much like those used by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, from a few hundred thousand
dollars to a few millions.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask another ques-
tion, if I am not too multifarious in my inter-
ruptions?
Mr. CONNESS.- Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
■whether from the State of California a right
exists now to build across from what on the
map before me is marked as Oakland to the
point of the main land opposite this island?
Has this company such a right now under the
laws of California?
Mr. CONNESS. There is a small railroad,
built for local purposes, near Oakland, and that
company is authorized to run out into these
shoal waters a certain distance toward the
island.
Mr. CONK LING. So that by this bill there
is no proposition to invade California and estab-
lish a right to build a road there?
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all. On the con-
trary, this whole subject has been discussed
very freely by the press of California since the
measure has been introduced here, and dis-
cussed with great approbation, as it is regarded
as an essential and necessary link in the great
Pacific railroad.
I do not wish to occupy the entire morning
hour. I did not propose to ask a vote on this
bill this morning, but I desired that it should
be discussed, because the honorable Senator
who is chairman of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, who has investigated these
so-called claims to the island, is absent. 1 will
now yield the floor to any other Senator who
desires to make remarks.
Mr. STEWART. J. do not wish to enter at
length into a discussion of this bill, but, inas-
much as private claims have been alluded to, I
simply desire to state that there are no adverse
clafms against the title of the United States
which have not been considered. There was
a pretended Mexican grant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 will ask the Senator
from Nevada if a portion, at least, of the island
has not been in private occupancy for nearly
thirty jears?
Mr. STEWART. I think not; but if it had
been so that would amount to nothing for a
reason which I shall presently state. As to
the Mexican claim 1 will simply state in gen-
eral terms that it was decided many years ago
to be fraudulent by the land commissioners;
the case was then taken up to the district court
and it was there decided to be fraudulent, and
the time for appealing to the Supreme Court
has expired. There was, however, a telegram
received here from San Francisco stating that
an appeal had been taken after the live years
bad expired, and it was reported here by letter
that that appeal was sent on the 10th of Janu-
ary. The papers in that appeal have not yet
arrived here. The whole matter is of record,
and it is apparent that the time has expired
for taking an appeal in regard to that fraudu-
lent claim. As to the claim of au alleged set-
tler I will state that that island is not a piece
of ground suitable lor cultivation, and no set-
tler can be there in good laith.^ It is an island
in the bay, a rocky island, not fit for settlement
and cultivation, and any person who has _
upon it and made any pretense of claim has
done it merely as a matter of speculation. No
laws that I know of, no land system of the
United States ever encouraged this kind of
settlement.
If the island is not wanted for military pur-
poses it is certainly important for commercial
purposes, and it is exceedingly important for
the terminus of the Pacific railroad, as it is the
only convenient place where without great
expense they can come to deep water. To
make the island available for railroad purposes
will require a large expenditure of money.
About one million five hundred thousand dol-
lars in gold will make it exceedingly convenient
for the commerce of the whole country. It is
so situated that commodities arriving from
China can be there reshipped at once without
expensive cartage. The devotion of this island
to railroad purposes will be of general benefit
to the whole country. It is highly important
to the country that it should be so used. It is
p'roposed simply to confer on the company the
privilege of occupying it, with full power in the
Government to take what they need; and if it
be true that it is all wanted for military pur-
poses the right here granted will avail nothing,
because the War Department has one year
within which to say whether this privilege can
be exercised without interference with what is
necessary for military purposes. If the De-
partment within a year concludes that the island
is needed for military purposes the bill"simply
accomplishes nothing; but if it is found that it
is not needed by the Government commerce
can be accommodated by allowing the Pacific _
railroad to terminate at deep water on this
island. It is of great public utility that it should
there terminate, and it is important that it
should be ascertained at once, so that the term-
inus can be located. If the bill be not passed
at this session they have to find some other
terminus, because they desire to construct that
road at once, and there is no room for delay.
1 think it may be taken for granted as a fact
that this island belongs to the Government of
the United States; 1 think no one will dispute
the fact that it will be of great public utility to
the Pacific railroad; and 1 think no one who
will give the subject a careful consideration
will regard it as of any value except for the
terminus of the railroad. The values which
are now placed upon it have got to be made
by a large expenditure of money; and, I care
not what estimate any one makes, the island
cannot be utilized, so to speak, or made avail-
able for any purpose without the expenditure
of a large amount of money, from a million
and a half to two million dollars. Any one
who assesses an arbitrary value on that point
of rock in the bay has simply some specula-
tive scheme on which he bases it. I do not
say he has any scheme in which he himself is
interested, but he must predicate his judgment
upon the fact that the railroad is to be built to
the island. To say that the island is worth
several hundred thousand dollars without im-
provement by means of making it the termi-
nus of that railroad or that it is useful for
any commercial purpose or has any commer-
cial value, without connecting it with the main
land by means of a railroad and an expendi-
ture of money probably far exceeding what
the island could be sold for when the expendi-
ture has been made, is a very incorrect notion.
It is not desired by this company for specula-
tive purposes. They do not desire any title
to the island, but only the privilege to go upon
it for the convenience of themselves and the
public.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator,
who is chairman of the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, who considered this matter, par-
ticularly in view of these questions of title, is
now present.
Mr. SHERMAN. The hour to which the
funding bill was postponed has arrived, and,
leaving this bill as the unfinished business of
the morning hour, I move to take up the bill
which was assigned for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not yet time for that,
aud I rose to make a very brief statement, which
there is time to make, and then I shall consent,
with great pleasure, to the Senator's motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply rose to state that
the honorable chairman of the Pacific Rail-
road Committee is now in his seat, but one
o'clock has so nearly arrived that I will not
ask that this bill be proceeded with further
this morning, except to make this brief state-
ment, to which I desire to call the attention of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, who appears
to be the medium of these representative values
that this island now has, that in 18S4, in the
passage of the Senate Pacific railroad bill of
that year, this island was granted to the same
company without a dissenting voice in this
body. It was recommended, upon full investi-
gation, by the committee of which the honor-
able Senator from Michigan was chairman,
and there was no objection to it. These values
have been given it since by persons who have
speculative purposes connected with it. That
is all there is of it. Now, I agree to the
motion made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, to take up the other business.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Thomas C. McOreery, elected
a Senator by the Legislature of the State of
Kentucky to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Hon. James Guthrie, which
were read.
Mr. DAVIS. My colleague not having
reached the city, I move that his credentials be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message mom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested tho
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 822) granting a pension
to Hampton Thompson;
A bill (II. R. No. 823) granting a pension
to George W. Locker;
A bill (IT. R. No. 821) granting a pension
to Annie Vaughn;
A bill (IT. R. No. S25) granting a pension
to J ohn W. Hughes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 826) granting a pension
to Michael Mellon;
A bill (H. R. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 828) for the relief of Cap-
tain William McKean ;
A bill (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson ;
A bill (II. R. No. 819) making partial ap-
propriations for the expenses of the Indian,
department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the Lincoln Monument Association
damaged and captured ordnance.
enrolled resolution sigxj3d.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (II. R. No. 105) authorizing
the Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
appointment of receiver for the Farmers' and
Citizens' National Bank of Williamsburg, New
York, and to restore said bank to its owners
under conditions; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
the funding bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 207) for
funding the national debt and for the conver-
sion of the notes of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance, on the
6th of February, after the bill had been recom-
