1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3511
required in the purchasing of books, or mak-
ing publications of books for distribution. The
Senator from Illinois puts it upon the only
ground which cauld address itself to the Sen-
ate ; and that is that this work is useful for us
in the discharge of our duties. 1 am aware
that copies of books have sometimes been pur-
chased by both branches for the use of indi-
vidual members; but I believe not to this
extent. Ilere it is proposed to purchase ten
thousand copies, and that would imply a dis-
tribution of the work. Certainly if it is to be
limited to the uses of individual members, this
number is much too large. I hardly think it will
be found, ojicareful examination, that this book,
although tttie of decided merit, commends it-
self so strongly that we can say that it is abso-
lutely a matter of necessity to us, the members
of the Senate and House of Representatives,
to enable us properly to discharge the duties
of our offices. It does not strike me that even
that argument is particularly forcible.
The ground upon which the other Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Yates] puts it, I hardly
think is tenable. Certainly we have neverhere-
tofore established any precedent of that sort,
that it is proper for the Congress of the United
States to purchase books published outside
of Congress for popular distribution. That, I
think, would be establishing a precedent not
to be i'avored by Congress, and certainly I think
it would not be tolerated by the people. Then
I suggest to my honorable friend that, valuable
as this book may be, it addresses itself not to
the popular lieatt, not to the popular judgment.
It furnishes a kind of information most useful
to certain classes, and not to the people at
large. It is most useful to professional men,
lawyers particularly, and statesmen in a gen-
eral way. The idea of publishing such a book
as that to meet a popular demand, as stated by
the Senator from Illinois, would not be pre-
cisely what I think the people would expect.
But,, sir, I am opposed entirely to the idea of
purchasing the books of any author for popular
distribution. I do not believe it is warranted
by any precedent; nor can I understand how
it can be warranted in the nature of our Gov-
ernment on principle.
The only other ground upon which we dis-
tributed publications to the people in the shape
of books is, that they are either official or offi-
cially connected with us, or officially or polit-
ically connected with the transactions of the
Government; such as exploring expeditions.
We have published many books on the explor-
ations of the country; but those stand upon
entirely different grounds. They are connected
with the transactions of the Government, and
it may very well be supposed that the people
take a deep interest in the transactions of the
Government; but it must be remembered that
all those publications have been on a very
limited scale. So, I lepeat., to say all that I
design to say, that I do not believe this prop-
osition fulfills any of the three conditions upon
which it is possible to conceive that under any
circumstances it is proper to publish books
for distribution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, lesulled—yeas 13, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Cole, Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Hendricks, Johnson, Nye, Stcwait, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, AVilley, and Yates—13. _
SAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Conkhng, Cragm,
Davis, Dootittlc. Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Howard, Howe, McCreery, Korean, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, ltoss. iipton, Vickcrs,
and Williams—21. „ , , ^
ABSBNT—Messrs. Anthony, Bnckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Oonnese. Corbett. Dixon iowler, grimes.
Henderson, McDonald, Norton, Patterson ot New
Hampshire, Patterson ot Tennessee, I oincroy, llam-
sey. llice, Saulsbury, Sherman, fepraguc, i hayer,
a.,-id Wilson—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to lay on
the table an amendment which I propose to
offer, to be referred to the Committee oil
Appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have another amend-
ment to offer. Before doing so, I wish to state
that I received from the Attorney General ad
interim, a communication so late last evening
that I have not had time to give notice to the
Committee on Appropriations of the amend-
ments which he asks to have made to this bill
iti reference to the Attorney General's office;
and if the Senator from Maine, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, considers
it his duty to object to them, of course they
cannot be considered. I will state what they are.
The Senator from Maine, it will be observed,
has taken pains in the other Departments of
the Government, particularly in the Treasury
Department, to correct the bill which he says
was framed upon the basis of the business
in those Departments before the war, by put-
ting in the number of clerks that now exist
there; but in the Attorney General's office he
has omitted to do that. The number of clerks
has been reduced, and the amount of money
appropriated for the contingent expenses of
the Department, for wood, fuel, labor, &c.,
has also been reduced. I have a communica-
tion from the Attorney General ad interim,
stating that t he office cannot get along with the
force which is allowed to it by the bill, and that
there will be a necessity for employing special
counsel, and that the $5,000 for fuel and other
expenses will be insufficient, and recommend-
ing that those appropriations be increased ;
and I will offer those amendments unless the
Senator from Maine, having the bill in charge,
objects for the want of notice. If he does, they
cannot be offered. One proposition would
be—1 will make it in form so that the Senator
from Maine can understand it—to add two
clerks of class one ; and another would be to
increase the sum of $5,000 for fuel, labor, fur-
niture, stationery, and miscellaneous items to
$9,000. This is recommended by the Attorney
General. I will make that motion if the Sen-
ator does not raise the question of order. If
he does, the amendment cannot be offered.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The amend-
ment will be received, if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
a word about that. All the clerks in that De-
part ment that were estimated for but two are
in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; and the Attorney
General says that those two which are omitted
are necessary ; and he also says that this fe-5,000
appropriation is insufficient.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
had but one rule, of course, about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems that they
dropped these clerks out, and have also re-
duced the estimate. 1 have no interest in it, I
wish to say, at all. This letter was addressed
to me, I suppose, because I was chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, stating these
facts. Perhaps 1 had bettor have it read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Where does the
Senator find the sum for contingent expenses
reduced?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The sum recommended,
as is stated in this communication from the
Attorney General, was $9,000, and it is §5,000
in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Senate
committee did not reduce it. The Senate
committee took it as it came from the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate committee
took upon itself to correct the House bill in
reference to the other Departments, but has
not done so in reference to this Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate com-
mittee acted upou this principle:. Where there
was a discretion, and the House had exercised
it, the Senate committee did not undertake to
exercise a discretion against the House com-
mittee, unless upon evidence furnished by the
Department which satisfied them that the House
had not exercised a sound discretion. Our
attention was not callcd to this item to-which
the Senator now addresses my attention. I do
not think we had any information on that sub-
ject. If the Attorney General had communi-
cated to the Committee on Appropriations what
he has communicated to the Judiciary Com-
mittee I do not doubt that we should have
entertained the proposition and considered it.
Under these circumstances, whether I ought
to enforce the rule as against the Senator I
hardly know. It is not a rule for my personal
privilege. Any Senator can object who thinks
that the case requires objection. To show that
the committee did notact without proper inform-
ation on the subject, I hold in my hand a
communication from the Attorney General's
office on this subject, in which may be found
these words:
" The clerical force allowed for the next fiscal year
is sufficient for the ordinary routine work of the De-
partment, but would be insufficient should any calls
be made upon it similar to the calls tor pardon reports
by Congress during the present year."
This is the information we had from that
Department under dato of March 10, 1868.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the Senator will see
that the bill does not allow the force that has
existed ; it strikes out two clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This commu-
nication has special reference to this bill ; it
says " the clerical force allowed."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not allowed by the bill,
but by law, I suppose, is what is meant.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, allowed
by the bill as it passed the House; and it fur-
ther says in regard to the Attorney General's
office:
" Thesum allowed for contingent expenses, namely,
for fuel, labor, &c„ $5,000, may suffice with the most
rigid economy."
That is what the committee ought to enforce,
I submit. I think we are right, and therefore
I feel obliged to invoke the rule on this amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT/ -oie rpore. Theamend-
ment cannot be received except by unanimous
consent, without notice being given.
Mr. CATTELL. I move to amend the bill
on page 44, line one thousand and eighty-one,
as per memorandum that I send to the Clerk.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 44, line one thousand and eighty-
one, to strike out the word "six" before
"thousand," and after " thousand" to strike
out the words "five hundred," and at the end
of the clause to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That from and after the 1st day of July,
IStiS, the annual compensation ot the weighing cleric
shall be 42,500. and the compensation of the calculat-
ing, accounting, and warrant clerks shall bo $2,000
each.
So that the clause will read :
Mint at Philadelphia:
For salaries of the Director, treasurer, assayer.
inciter and refiner, chief coiner and onerravcr, assist-
ant assayer, and seven clerks,$39,000: Provided, lhat
from and after the 1st day ot July, 1868, the annual
compensation of the weighing clerk sha.il be $2,500,
and the compensation of the calculating, account-
ing, and warrant clerks shall he §2,000 each.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will take the oppor-
tunity, while that amendment is under consid-
eration, to say a word about the amendment
which I proposed and which the Semator from
Maine considered it his duty to object to. On
looking at the paper which he read, 1 find it
purports to be a letter from the chief clerk,
Mr. Pleasants, to the Attorney General. The
letter to which I referred is from the Attorney
General; and it will be seen, if the Senator
will look a little more carefully at the letter
which he himself had, that it refers to the
Assistant Attorney General for information
upou the subject; so that there is no contra-
diction at all between the letter of the Attorney
General and any other letter that the Attorney
General has written, as there is but the one
letter, and that is simply a letter from a clerk.
I do not know that I properly discharge my
duty in the matterwithout having the Attorney
Geueral's letter read, because he goes at some
length in this communication into the facts to
show the absolute necessity to the Government
i! of increasing these appropriations, trie states
II that he is there ad interim merely, and tliat a
