1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
Missouri; which was referred to the Commit-
we on Post Offices and Post Roads.
RKroRTS or COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom wero
referred the petition of James S:. John, pray-
ing f>*r :\n appropriation lor the payment of
the reward oiTered for the capture of Jefferson
Pa iris; the petition of George II. Mott, fourth
Michigan cavalry, praying that the reward
offered for the capture of Jefferson Davis may
be paid to the captors; the petition of mem-
bers of the veteran corps of California, prat-
ing payment for transportation from their
place of discharge to the place of enlistment;
the petition of Julias II. Knowltou, lute sec-
ond lieutenant company C fourteenth Con-
necticut infantry, praying for compensation
for services as commanding officer of that com-
pany from June 4, 1803, to January 11, 1864;
and the petition of certain citizens of Colorado
making claims on the GoTernment, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee
on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
•was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
TO) relative to the purchase of Hall's carbines,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 127) in rela-
tion to additional bounty, reported it with ao
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill authorizing the payment of
the first regiment (S. No. 78) Iowa cavalrj,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
tame committee, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 03) to authorize the retirement of
Major General Ethan Allen Hitchcock, to ask
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject, and I move
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
_Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have that
bill considered at the proper time before the
Senate, but not now.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires it I
•hall not press action on the motion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rales.
NOTICE or X BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to remove the
disabilities of certain citizens of Alabama, two
hundred and eighty-four in number, recom- j
mended by General Pope and General Swayne.
bills introduced.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by anani- i
nous consent obtained, leave to introduce a !
bill (S. No. 174) for the relief of Mrs. Emma i
Wilson of the State of Indiana; which was I
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro- 1
* bilWS. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
billI (S. No. 17C) in aia of the Union Pacific
Railway Company, eastern division, supple-
mental to an act entitled " An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 1, 1862, and the acts
amendatory thereof; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 72) tor the relief of John
M. Broome and others, the band of the twelfth
Kentucky infantry; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
rank is the aiimy.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
JtfobntL That the Committee on Military Affair*
and the Militia b« instructed to inauire into the
Sropriety of so amending the act entitled " An act
eelaring and fixing the rights of volunteer* as a part
of the Army," approved March 2, 1867, as to include
previous service in the Marine corps in establishing
relative rank in the Army; also, as to the propriety
of autboriiing the Secretary of War to take into
consideration in all eases provisos rank as well as
previous service in determining the position of an
officer.
captured and abandoned property.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Jl—olved, That the Secretary ef the Treasury be
directed to furnish to the Senate the names and resi-
dences of all individuals to whom any property or its
proceeds in the custody of the Department or any
of its agents as captured aad abandoned property
was released or riven up; to state also in his answer
the nature, kind, quality, and value of the property
released or given up to said parties respectively, and
the amount of money returned to each of said indi-
viduals. and whether as preliminary thereto such
individuals have been required to pay any lee or
compensation of aay kind to any attorney or other
person; and also to report to tho Senate the evidence
upon which said property was released or proceeds
paid over to such persons respectively, aad mnder
what law or authority suoh property was released or
paid over; and also to state whether anjr of suoh
property was released or its proceeds paid over to
persons who had been engaged in rebellion against
the United States or who had given aid and comfort
to such rebellion, and whether before releasing such
property or returning its proceeds the Department
required tbe claimants to establish their loyalty by
competent proof; and also a copy of any correspond-
ence which has taken place between tbe Depart-
ment and the Court of Claims or any of its officers in
regard to judgments by said court or the payment
thereof in what are known as cotton cases.
! papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, it
was
Ordered, That Susan Ten Eyck Williamson hare
to withdraw her petition and papers.
| the currency.
| A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that tbe House had passed a bill (H. It. No.
; 213) to suspend further reduction of the cur-
' rency, in witich the concurrence of the Senate
• was requested.
I The bill was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Qbmmittee on finance.
relations with british america.
Mr. RAMSEY. I send a resolution to the
Chair, and I desire to have it considered at
this time.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
littolvtd. That, the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions is hereby directed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of a treaty between the United States ana the
Dominion of Canada, which shall contain the fol-
lowing provisions:
Firtt. That a duty of live per cent, ad valorem shall
be imposed upon all importations from Canada being
the ezelnsive prodnction or manufacture of Canada
to the United States, or from the United States to
Canada, which shall be substituted for the existing
tarifb of the respective countries.
Second. That the excise duties of theUnited States
and of Canada shall be assimilated by eoneurrent
legislation.
Third. That the navigation of the great lakes and
of the canals and channel of the St. Lawrence rirer
shall be forever free and open to the citisens of the
United States and of Canada.
Fourth. That Canadian vessels in American ports
shall be entitled to all tbe privileges of American
vessels in Canadian ports.
Fifth. That the fisheries of the Atlantic coast shall
be free to the citizens of both countries.
Sixth. That a common system of laws regulating
copyrights, Datent rights, and rates of postage, shall
be extended over both countries.
Seventh. That Canada, with the consent of Great
Britaia, shall cede to the United States the districts
| of North America west of longitude 90° on the con-
| ditions following, to wit:
1. Tho United States will pay $8,000,000 tothe Hud-
; son Uay Company in full discharge of all olaiins to
territory or jurisdiction in North America, whothor
founded on thecharterof tho company or any troaty,
law, or uMwte.
2. The United States will assume the publio debt
; of British Columbia, not exooeding tho suui of
■ jiooo.ooo.
3. To aid the construction of the Northern Pacifio
railroad from tho western extremity of Lake Supo-
riorto Pusot's sound, the Unitod States, in addition
to tbe grant of land heretofore made, will guaranty
dividends of five i>er cent, upon the stock of said
company, provided that the amount of stock guurau-
tiod as aforesaid shall not exceed $20,000 por mile,
and Congress shall regulate the securities for ad-
vances oa account thereof.
4. The northwest territory shall be divided and
organised into Territories of the United States, not
less than three in number, with all the rights and
privileges of the citisens and government of Montana
Torritory so far as the same can bo made applioable.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, this is but
a resolution of inquiry, and I trust it may be
considered at once. We are informed that a
member of the Government of Canada is about
to present to Parliament a bill for the exten-
sion of the dominion of Canada to the Pacific
ocean. The authorities of British Columbia
having applied for admission to the Canadian
confederation, the passage of such an act by
the Parliament at Ottawa, with the assent of
the queen in council, will consummate the
annexation of northwest British America to
Canada. The people of the Selkirk settlement,
northwest of Minnesota, and the people of Brit-
ish Columbia on the Pacific coast, would prefer
admission to the American Union; ana I be-
lieve it has become the duty of the American
Congress to indicate openly and distinctly the
terms and conditions which we are willing to
offer as an alternative to the Canadian over-
ture. I ask a reference of this important oues-
: tion to a committee of the Senate. I nave
| framed the resolution of inquiry to include the
, provisions of a new and enlarged treaty of
.commercial reciprocity between the United
l j States and Canada, which, if acceptable to the
Governments at Washington and Ottawa, might
not only result in a desirable extension of eur
institutions in northwest America, but would
go far to remove all grounds of offense and
antagonism of interests between the communi-
ties planted in tbe valley of the St. Lawrence.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be glad if the
I Senator from Minnesota would state what num-
; ber of inhabitants there are in the Selkirk aet-
: tlement on the Red river.
, Mr. RAMSEY. About fifteen thousand.
| , Mr. GRIMES. I should like to see the res-
olution in print before I vote on it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then Iask to have itprinted
and referred.
Mr. GRIMES. It struck me, from hearing
the resolution casually read, that it embraced
several incongruous subjects.
Mr. CONNESS, [to Mr. Grimes.] Call for
the reading of the first paragraph, and you will
get at the character of it.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary again proceeded to read the
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the consideration
of that resolution lookingto another reciprocity
treaty, to which I am utterly opposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will go over under
the rules.
officers of the senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I send a resolution to the
Chair, which I ask to have considered now:
Rctofaed, That the Committee on the Pay of Offi-
cers of the Senate be instracted to consider the expe-
diency of defining the duties of the Sergeant-at-Arms
ef the Senate.
There being no objection, the 8enate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I find that there is nothing
in the rules of the Senate which defines pre-
cisely the duties of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Among the rules I find this:
"41. When acting on confidential or executive busi-
ness, the Senate shall be deared of all persons except-
