imi.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
and, therefore, disagreeable as the implication
may be, it must by the relative official posi-
tion of Senators and officers fall apou the offi-
cer?, they being second, at least in rank. If
it is to be considered as falling upon the offi-
cers. I think it would be a very bad thing to
increase their number pending the considera-
tion of executive business. I think it would
be wiser to decrease their number than to
increase it; and I hope, if this resolution in
any manner has such an effect, that it will not
be passed; otherwise I have no objection to
it of course.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the resolution
lie on the table.
Air. SUMNER. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion? I want to make an observation.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I am astonished that the
Senator from California can have seen any
such purpose or consequence in the resolution
as he foreshadows. Certainly it did not enter
into my mind. So far as 1 had his point in
view, I was looking, if anything, to a diminu-
tion of officers rather than to an increase.
My objeet was very simple. It was to call
the attention of the Senate to a point which is
very obvious and which, if I may judge from
conversation on the floor, there is occasion for
the consideration of, and that is the duties of
one of our officers. The Senator from Illinois
"has added to my resolution an inquiry with
regard to the duties of other officers. Very
well, I have no objection. I welcome the
inquiry: but then the Senator, if he looks now
at the Chair, must see the reason for my res-
olution. There on one side of the Chair is a.
faithful officer of the Senate [Mr. Basset?] in
his place where he ought to be, where he con-
stantly is; on the other side of the Chair, the
seat which should be occupied by theSergeant-
at-Arms is vacant. That is the fact at this
moment; that is the living testimony. Now,
it does seem to me that it is worthy of inquiry
whether that seat should always be vacant. It
may be that it is advisable to keep it there as
a vacant seat; sever fill it. It maybe that the
duties of Sergeant-at-Arms can be better per-
formed by a system of perambulation which was
that that seemed to be marked out by the Sen-
ator from Illinois; but that was not the original
idea with regard to the officer; that is not the
idea which we have borrowed from other legis-
lative bodies. According to the true idea, he
has a fixed place on the Boor.
Now, as there seems to be no objection to
the resolution as one of inquiry, I hope that it
may be referred to the committee. If Sen-
ators are very anxious not to have it go to the
committee I do not wish to persist.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be referred.
Mr. GItlMES. I do not care what becomes
of it so that we get rid of it ia some way.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be referred
to the special committee on the officers of the
two Houses.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution is addressed
to that committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have said noth-
ing more about the resolution bnt for the repeat-
ed statement that the Seq*eant-at- Arms is
compelled to sit in a particular chair. I do
not know what chair the Senator from Massa-
chusetts alludes to. I believe at this moment
there are upon both sides of the Presiding Officer
officers of the Senate. I do not know what
chair the Senator has in his mind. I am not
aware that there has been any dereliction of
duty on the part of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or
any difficulty in seeing him at any moment.
I believe he has been a most faithful and effi-
cient pnblie officer. He is never out of the
building, I think, during the sessions of the
Senate. He is ever watchful to see that the
officers of the Senate do their duty. Some-
body must do it. Somebody must oversee
and take charge of the various employes of the
Senate. I have supposed, and still suppose,
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. f>.
notwithstanding what the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says, that it is the duty of the Ser-
geant-at-Anns to do that to see to the order of
everything connected with the Senate. It is
his duty, I suppose, to take charge of the com-
mittee rooms, through the subordinates whom
he employes, and ot' the post office, and of
everything connected with this end of the
building; and as a matter of course it would be
impossible for him to do this and properly
discharge his duties, if he sat, as the Senator
says he slftSttld sit, in a particular seat. So far
as my recollection goes no Sergeant-at-Arms
ever did that in any legislative body of which I
have had any knowledge. I have not had the
good fortune, it is true, to see the British Par-
liaments session, norto see how the Presiding
; Officer is accompanied into the British Parlia-
ment by the Sergeant-at-Arms. I believe it was
the custom some years ago, and it may be now
for anght I know, in the State of Massachu-
setts for the judge of the court to go to the
court-house preceded by the sheriff with a
drawn sword and a cocked hat.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is now in some of the
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be the cus-
tom still; and I presume it grows out of that
custom with which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is familiar, that be wants to see that
ceremony here. We in the West are less for-
mal. The sheriff finds his own way to the
court-house at the hour when the courtis about
to meet, and the judge finds his way from the
hotel or from his residence and requires none
of that performance.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the sheriff always
in court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; the sheriff is not
always nor usually in court. He is hardly ever
in court in my part of the country. The duties
of his office in the court-room are performed
by the crier and by deputies who are appointed
j for that purpose. I suppose it is because the
Senator from Massachusetts has visited the
Houses of Parliament, and has witnessed from
j childhood up this array in the county seats in
| Massachusetts of the sheriff with his drawn
: sword and cocked hat and regimentals march-.
| ing in front of the judge, that he supposes,
I Mr. President, that you cannot find your way
to your seat in this body without a similar
accompaniment. Now, really, in all serious-
ness, I think it would be about as distasteful to
the present Presiding Officer of the Senate to
be thus heralded in and out as to anybody that
I know of. Why this assault upon one of the
officers of the Senate in this way, singling him
out, and condemning him for not doing a
thing which in mjr judgment lie ought not to
do? There is an invidiousness in making such
ajt assault to which I object.
Does the Senator, when he looks toward the
Chair and sees that the Sergeant-at-Arms is not
in his chair, miss no other officer from his seat
in this body ? Dops he say a word about that
other officer ? Has he lisped a word about his
absence from executive session or open ses-
sion? Not a word. The reason why such
an attack is made upon a faithful officer of the
body I do not know. I have certainly no objec-
tion to the resolution—no objection to its going
to a committee—but when the report comes in,
so far as I am concerned, neither the present
incumbent nor any Sergeant-at-Arms shall have
his duties defined to be to sit in a particular
chair. He could not discharge the duties de-
volved upon him as the executive officer of the
body if he did sit there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the resolution to
the select Committee on the Compensation of
Officers.
The motion was agreed to.
PROCEEDS OF CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That the President of tbo United States
is requested to cause to bo communicated a copy of
such instructions as may have boon issued for the
seizure of estate, property, money, stocks, credits,
and effects of any persons by virtue of the act of July
17,18f>2, entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to
punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, and for other purposes;" and
also, a stafemont of all moneys received into the
Treasury on account of such property seized as afore-
said and condemned and confiscated under the said
act, including thetitle of each case, the name of the
original owner, of the purchaser under decree of
sale, and of the marshal, clerk, or other officer by
whom respectively the proceeds of sale in each ease
may havo been paid into the Treasury, and the
amount of money actually paid in each and every
case into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to make
a suggestion to my friend from Missouri. If
he designs to get by his resolution any par-
ticular information that he requires I think he
will have no difficulty in getting it by an appli-
cation to the Treasury Department, or by mak-
ing a specific call for it. But a resolution in
such general terms, covering such broad ground,
will undoubtedly cause a great deal of labor.
It will probably take a number of clerks a con-
siderable length of time to furnish the infor-
mation required. These general calls, made
without knowing precisely what labor the
answering of them will involve, and resulting
in getting a mass of information which perhaps
was not desired by the mover, occasion some-
times a; great deal of trouble. I would sug-
gest to my friend, therefore, if he had not bet-
ter put hfs resolution in a narrower 6hape, or
inquire of the Treasury Department what time
it will probably take to obtain the information
and how much labor it will involve. Such
calls frequently devolve on the Department a
great deal of labor and a great deal of expense
consequent on that labor, without amounting
to very much in the end, and they frequently
produce much information that is not sought
for and which would not be obtained if the call
had been sufficiently definite at first in point-
ing out what was wanted. I think, therefore,
the Senator had better make some inquiry
before he offers the resolution, and perhaps he
can then put it into shape which will answer
all his purposes without entailing so much
trouble on the Department:
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In reference to this
particular case I have no objection to the reso-
lution offered by the honorable Senator from
Missouri; but I desire to remark that in my
opinion it would be better to have all these
resolutions of inquiry go to some one of the
committees of the Senate. Resolutions of
inquiry which go to the Departments calling
for information are drawn usually in haste, and
in their terms are so general as to create an
immense amount of labor to be done by the
Departments. If they should go to committees
in the first place, and be considered by the com-
mittees before the resolutions were adopted, it
would be a wiser course in my opinion. Then
a committee looking a matter over could see
whether it was best to go into the general
inquiry proposed or not. I think we should
save thousands of dollars to the Government
if resolutions of inquiry that pass here without
anybody paying attention to them went to the
committees for consideration before the Senate
committed itself to their adoption.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have drawn the reso-
lution asking the President for this information
because it will have to come from different
Departments of the Government. One branch
of the information called for must come, of
course, from the Attorney General's office, and
the other from the Treasury Department. The
chief labor that will be involved in answering
the resolution will be imposed upon the Attor-
ney General's office. I think my friend from
Maine will find that no great difficulty will be
experienced at the Treasury Department in
giving the information required so far as that
Department of the Government is concerned.
The resolution asks for information as to the
amount of money paid into the Treasury, and
the cases in which it was paid in, under one
act, the act of July 11, 1862. It does not
extend to cases under the aot of March 12,
1808. My information is that the amount paid
