1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the bill will not
be recommitted. It has been thoroughly con-
sidered by the committee, and I trust the Sen-
ator from Indiana willnotinsist on that motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe 1 will not
insist upon it. I think the Senate do not care
anything about it. It only relates to the pub-
lic lands; and as no other gentleman of the
Committee on Public Lands seems to look
after these reports I will let it go.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion being withdrawn, the question recurs on
the ameudment offered by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Cosness,] to add thefollowing
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall apply to the lands granted to the State
of California by the act of July 2,1882, known as the
agricultural college grant,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
amendment ought to be examined by a com-
mittee. The first proposition comes in here
and is very innocent in itself. In the first place,
it seems that we grant railroads a large amount
of land on the supposition that we are to get
double price for all the alternate sections. We
have granted lands to agricultural colleges ; but
they 'do not come within the law so as to make
a selection of the alternate sections.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly they do. The
law of 1862 making agricultural grants provides
that the States may take the alternate sections,
if they will only take one half the quantity.
The homestead law provides that the home-
stead settler may go there and take eighty acres
instead of one hundred and sixty. All our land
system right through carries out the principle
that they shall be regarded as double minimum
lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then why
does the Senator seek a new law on the subject ?
Mr. STEWART. The reason why I seek a
new law on the subject is because the Pacific
railroad grant is considered by the Department
here to exclude from any kind of entry the
whole fifty miles, to exclude the even sections
as well as the odd ones. A bill has already
passed the House, and is now pending in the
Senate, to allow homestead settlers and pre-
emptionersto go within the fifty miles. _ There
is no object to be gained by the Pacific rail-
road or any one else in excluding the oven sec-
tions from settlement. They do not desire it;
but the construction given to the Pacific rail-
road grant prevents throughout this whole
line not only the agricultural college grants
from taking effect, but it prevents homestead
and preemption. A bill has already passed
the House, and will pass the Senate, to open
these lands to settlement. There is a mistake
in the wording of the law providing for the
withdrawal of the land. It was intended, prob-
ably, and undoubtedly that was the intention
of its framers, that only the lands granted
should be withdrawn. There is no objcct in
withdrawing a tract fifty miles wide from set-
tlement, except that portion of it that was
granted to the railroad. Now, the condition
of former acts creates the necessity for this
legislation. There are several things about it.
It has been explained heretofore. _ I could go
on and explain each provision of this bill; but,
as I have said, it is only to give effect to grants
already made. It does not increase the grants
an acre, and it does not grant land in any man-
ner not contemplated by the original law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, Mr.
President, I find, after all the Senator's ex-
planation, that the law does not at present
allow parties to go atid t&kc tli6 alternats sec*
tions: and that is the very point to which I
wished to call the attention ol the Senate.
Formerly we were in the habit of appropriat-
ing lands for the construction of railroads with-
out any donation in addition thereto; but rail-
roads have lately got to that point that they
will not accept the. lands unless we give them
some money with them. It has been contended
that in regard to many of the eariler grants the
Government has never lost anything, because
we have got double price for the alternate
sections.' Now, after making this very large
and magnificent grant to the Pacific railroad,
wherein this right on the part of the Govern-
ment was expressly withheld, so that the Gov-
ernment should get the benefit of the increased
price for the alternate sections, the Senator
from Nevada comes in with a provision to do
away with that so far as his State is concerned,
and the Senator from California comes in with
a proposition to do away with it generally, or
so far as California is concerned; so that it
would have been far better for the Govern-
ment to have built the road and owned it all
itself than it would to have made this grant.
If the Government cannot have the benefit of
the alternate sections the whole is a total loss
to the Government. I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that it is attempted now and
here to rob the Government of that benefit
which Congress supposed they had when they
made the grant.
Mr. STEWART. I deny that there is any
attempt here to rob the Government or to
change the system of laws heretofore adopted.
The law of 18G'J allowed the States to take the
even numbered sections by taking half the
quantity—the original law granting to each
State a certain amount of land for agricultural
college purposes. Vermont has got hers. She
has got her scrip. We would be very glad to
take the scrip. The eastern States have got it,
but under existing laws it is impossible for us
to get it at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have you not got any
lands yet?
Mr, STEWART. We have not got any lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why can you not get
them?
Mr. STEWART. Because the system is
entirely changed. No more is offered at pri-
vate sale, as 1 explained yesterday, under the
new system.
Mr. HENDEICKS. Allow me to ask the
Senator a questiou. I think he misleads Sen-
ators. 1 want to know if this bill does not
extend far beyond the agricultural college
grant.
Mr. STEWART. Several others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does it not allow your
State to locate upon the reserved sections any
of the grants that have been made since you
have been a State, and some of the grants made
while Nevada was a Territory? The amend-
ment of the Senator fiom California does not
go so far. His amendment is confined to the
agricultural college lands. Therefore, on a
casual observation, his amendment would not
be liable to the objection that the original bill
is. Still, I thought it was proper that it should
be examined by a committee.
Mr. STEWART. The original bill only
takes half the quantity, treats it as double
minimum, when we take that land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the ameudment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that motion will
not prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will, so that
we may get some information about it.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. I-have not bestowed
much attention to our recent legislation on the
subject of public lands, as that has been con-
fined mainly, so far as examination is con-
cerned, to the members from the West, but
there is one thing which I think would he
desirable, and that is, that we should have
some uniform system. I shall vote to refer this
bill to the proper committee, in order that they
may report to us that this bill conforms to
some policy or system. I am not so particular
what it shall be as that there shall be a system ;
that we shall not have bills relating to par-
ticular Territories or particular States brought
here and passed without a fall understanding
of their principles.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is reported from
a committee. I do not know what the amend-
ment is; I have hot had my attention called
to that; but the bill, as reported, is entirely
in harmony with our system. We never yet
have deviated, that I know of, from that sys-
tem. If we have, it is because we have made
a mistake. We have established a system of
administering upon the public lands, and I do
not propose any deviation from it, and I do
not know that any member of the Senate does.
Mr. CONNESS. I should have no objec-
tion on my part, and I think the Senator from
Nevada ought to consent, with the misunder-
standing in regard to this bill, that it be recom-
mitted, because when it is reported, as it can
be early, it can be taken up and passed with-
out any difficulty. I rose more in this con-
nection to protest against the manner in which
the proposition contained in this bill has been
characterized by Senators who have not invest-
igated the question. We are put in the light
of seeking advantages for our States. _No
advantage is sought. I never have sought since
I have sat in the Senate for an advantage to
the State that I in part represent here ; but to
aid in the passage of such laws as would give
us the privileges granted to other States. As
stated by the Senator from Nevada, the State
of Vermont, near where the sun rises, has had
its agricultural college scrip, and the case is
settled. The State of California, near to where
the sun goes down, has not; and when a prop-
osition is made to enable us to take- one acre in
lieu of two, that we may establish our agricul-
tural college, a Senator from Vermont rises
and protests, not that we are seeking a wrong,
but he is afraid there is something contem-
plated, and casts doubt upon the whole pro-
ceeding.
Now, Mr. President, I never ask a measure
to be passed here that I have any interest in
until Senators are at least satisfied that no
advantage is sought. Therefore, I hope the
Senator from Nevada will on this occasion con-
sent to the recommitment of the bill in order
that we may have an early report and action
upon it. I think that would be the best plan.
Mr. STEWART. This bill has been thor-
oughly considered by the committee. In every
provision it is so obviously just and so ob-
viously within the rules of all our legislation
that I am surprised that any objection is made
to it. Nevada has never had a land grant to
her at all. I have never asked a land grant or
anything for Nevada. OtherStates come here
for land grants and obtain them. We have
received no lauds except those granted under
general laws. The only land that Nevada has
had is the land that OtherStates have had under
general laws; but the legislation on the subject
is in such a condition that we cannot avail
ourselves of it. I am perfectly willing that
this 'bill shall go back to the committee half a
dozen times, provided I am not regarded as
intruding on the attention of the Senate or
being pertinacious when I attempt to get so
plain a bill through. I ask those Senators who
denounce this as a robbing bill, in justice to
themselves, to examine it. I say it is unjust
to their own good understanding to stand up
here and venture such an assertion as that
without examination. I would not do it to a.
Senator from any part of the country. I would
not denounce his measure as a robbing bill or
as an unjust bill until I had given it a decent
examination. I think it is unjust. I protest
against this denunciation of a measure which
is simply to carry into execution a general law
to enable us to avail ourselves of our school
lands and other grants that have been made to
the Stale, when we are laboring honestly to do
that, and ask for nothing else. I never asked
for a railroad grant for the State. I protest
against being put in the category of those who
, are attempting to rob the Government. I am
willing that the bill shall go back again to the
