THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
the authority of time and precedent. It was
clearly held to exist when the Departments
were established in 1789 by the laws creating
them, and by the congressional debates of the
day. Until lately this was conceded. Every
commentator upon the Constitution has so
stated. The Supreme Court of the United
States have also so held.
In a letter of Mr. Madison to Edward Coles,
of the I5th of October, 1834, (4 Madison's
Writings, 368, J in referring to the question of
the right of the Senate to participate in re-
movals, that distinguished statesman writes
thus:
" The claim, on constitutional ground to a share
in the removal as well as appointment of officers is in
direct opposition to the uniform practice of the Gov-
ernment from its commencement. It is clear that the
innovation toould not only vary essentially the existing
balance of power, but expose the Executive occasionally
to a total inaction, and at all times to delays fatal to the
due execution of the laws,"
And on the 16th of February, 1835, in a
speech in the Senate, Mr. Webster, while
questioning the correctness of the decision of
1789, says:
" 1 do not meanto deny " " that at the present moment
the President may remove these officers at will, because
the early decision adopted that construction, and the
laws have since uniformly sanctioned it."
If any supposed doubtful constitutional ques-
tion can be conclusivsly solved, is not this so
solved ? Mr. Madison, in his message of Janu-
ary 80, 1815, adverting to the power Of Con-
gress to incorporate a bank of the United
States, which he, while a member of Congress,
with great ability had denied, said that he
waived the question as "precluded in (his)
judgment by repeated recognitions under varied
circumstances of the validity of such an insti-
tution in acts of the legislative, executive,
and judicial branches of the Government."
Are not these observations even more appli-
cable to the present question than to the one
before him ?
VI. Admitting, however, for argument sake,
that I am in error as to the construction' of
the act of 2d of March, 1867, or its constitution-
ality, this can hardly be disputed—that differ-
ences of opinion in regard to each may be
honestly entertained. Conceding this, it neces-
sarily follows that there can be no criminality
in the holding of either opinion. The Presi-
dent thought and still thinks, as he tells us,
that Mr. Stanton is not so within the act as to
be beyond his right to remove him ; or, if he
is, that the act in that respcct is unconstitu-
tional. As to the first, he has the express
sanction of Senators Williams and Shermax,
announced when the law was being passed,
and the implied sanction of every member of
the Senate who voted for it, without question-
ing the construction given to it by the two
Senators. And as to the second, he has the
sanction of the doctrine established in 1789,
and acted upon by evety one of his predeces-
sors from Washington to Lincoln, admitted
as established by Mr. Webster in 1835, and
vindicated as essential to the public service by
Mr. Madison in 1834. Entertaining these
opinions, what were his rights and his duty ?
If by the Constitution the power of removal
was vested in him, he was bound by the very
terms of his official oath to maintain it. Not
to have done so would have been to violate
the obligation of that oath to "preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution." But two
courses were left open to him—that of forcible
resistance, or of a resort to the judiciary. The
first might have produced civil commotion,
and that he is proved never to have contem-
plated. The judicial department of the Gov-
ernment was established for the very purpose,
among others, of deciding such a question, it
being given jurisdiction in "all cases in law
and equity arising under (the) Constitution."
It was to this tribunal that the evidence shows
that lie intended to resort. Was that a crime?
He believed, and had a right to believe, that
the constitutional authority of the Executive
was violated by the act, if Mr. Stanton was
protected by it; and he sought to have that
question peacefully settled by the judgment of
the very tribunal created for such a purpose.
And there was no one else who could appeal
to it with that view. It was the authority of
the executive department of the Government,
not any individual right of his own, which-was
assailed. He, and no one else, represented
that department and could institute legal pro-
ceedings for its vindication. This, therefore,
was not only his right, but his sworn duty.
The doctrine that the President is forced to
execute any statute that Congress may pass
according to the forms of law, upon subjects
not only not within their delegated powers,
but expressly denied to them, is to compel him
to abandon his office and submit all its func-
tions to the unlimited control of Congress,
and thus defeat the very object of its creation.
Such a doctrine has no support in the Con-
stitution, and would in the end be its destruc-
tion.
It has been contended on the part of the
managers that the President has no right to
question the constitutionality of an act of Con-
gress because of his duty faithfully to execute
the laws. But what is the law which he is to
execute if the act is in conflict with the Con-
stitution ? Is not that also a law? The Con-
stitution declares it not only to be one, but to
be the supreme law, and prescribes no such
supremacy to acts of Congress, except to such
as are passed in "pursuance thereof." The
execution, therefore, by him of an act not
passed in pursuance of the Constitution, but in
violation of it, instead of being a duty, would
be a breach of his sworn obligation to preserve
the Constitution. Nor is there any inconsist-
ency between his duty to protect the Constitu-
tion, and to see to the faithful execution of the
laws—the Constitution itself prohibiting the
enactment of any law which it does not au-
thorize Congress to pass. Were it otherwise
the Constitution might become a dead letter,
as its effect from time to time would depend
upon Congress; in other words, that body
would be the Government, possessing practi-
cally all powers—legislative, executive, and
judicial—a result clearly destructive of liberty.
VII. Each of the articles charged that the
enumerated acts were done by the President
"with intent" "to violate" the acts of Con-
gress specially mentioned, and were "contrary
to the provision of the Constitution," and that
he was, therefore, "guilty of a high misde-
meanor in office."
The alleged offenses, then, are made to con-
sist of acts and intent. The latter is as material
as the former. Now, what doubt can reason-
ably be entertained that the President had not
the intent imputed? On the contrary, is it not
manifest that his purpose was to preserve both
from violation? This is certainly true, unless
itbe supposed thathe believed that the Supreme
Court of the United States would aid him in
such a violation. Assuming that he believed
that tribunal to be honest and capable, the very
fact of his wishing to obtain its decision upon
the questions before him demonstrates that his
design was not to subvert, but to uphold the
"Constitution, and obtain a correct construction
of the act of March, 1807.
VIII.' I deem it wholly unnecessary to con-
sider the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh—the
conspiracy articles—or the ninth, the Emory
article, no evidence whatever having been
offered even tending, as I think, to their sup-
port.
IX. It has been said that the Senate, by their
resolution of February, 1868, having declared
that the President's removal of Mr. Stanton
! was contrary to the Constitution and the law,
I the Senators voting for it are concluded upon
i both points. This is a great error. Thatres-
! olution was passed by the Senate in its legis-
' lative capacity, and without much deliberation.
The questions were scarcely debated. _ To hold
that any Senator who voted for it is not at
perfect "liberty to reconsider his opinion on
this trial is to confound things entirely distinct.
That resolution the Senate at any time, in its
legislative character, can reverse when con-
vinced of its error. But this is not so in rela-
tion to any error of la# or fact into which tlifs
court may now fall. It is now acting in a
judicial character. The judgment which it
may pronounce as regards the respondent will
be final. To suppose, then, that a Senator,
when he ia satisfied that his former opinion
upon the legal questions now before him is
erroneous, may not correet it, but is bonnd to-
pronounce a judgment which he is convinced
would be illegal, is to force him to vidlate the
oath he has taken to decide the case impar-
tially, according to law and justice. The
resolution of February was not a law. That
everybody will admit. To act in virtue of
it, disregarding what he is convinced is the'
law, would be a gross abandonment of duty.
It has also been said by some inconsiderate?
persons that our judgment should be influenced
by party consideration. We have been told in
substance that party necessity requires a con-
viction ; and the same is invoked to avoid what
it is madly said will be the result of acquittal—
civil commotion and bloodshed. Miserable
insanity, a degrading dereliction of patriotism.
These appeals are made evidently from the ap-
prehension that Senators may conscientiously
be convinced that the President is innocent of
each of the crimes and misdemeanors alleged
in the several articles, and are intended to force
him to a judgment of guilt. No more dishon-
oring efforts were ever made to corrupt a judi-
cial tribunal. They are disgraceful to the par-
ties resorting to thein, and should they be suc-
cessful,'as I am sure they will not, they would
forever destroy the heretofore unblemished
honor of this body, and inflict a wound upon
the Constitution itself which, perhaps, no time
could lieal.
OPINION ^
or
HON. PETER Q. VAN WINKLE.
In the following remarks I have endeavored
to state the conclusions to which I have ar-
rived, with some reasons for them, and not to
review the whole ease. I have, therefore,
omitted the consideration of all questions
raised in the course of the proceedings which
do not affect those conclusions :
Conceding the constitutionality of the tennre-
of-office act of March2,1867, there yet remains
some questions to be disposed of before an in-
telligent answer can be given to the accusation
or charge contained in the first article of im-
peachment. Senators are to pronounce upon
this, as well as the charges in the other articles,
by replying, under the oaths they have respect-
ively taken, to the question, " Is the respond-
ent, Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, guilty or not guilty of a high misde-
meanor, (or crime, as the case may be,) as
charged in this articleV' I have, therefore,
in each case, where I deemed it at all neces-
sary, endeavored to present the charge stripped
of immaterial verbiage, in order to ascertain
more readily and certainly whether it describes
a misdemeanor or crime.
The first article alleges that the respondent
did, unlawfully and in violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws, issue an order in writing for the
removal of Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
Secretary for the Department of War, with the
intent to violate the act above referred to, and
with the further intent, contrary to and in vio-
lation of the provisions of the said act, and
contrary to the provisions of the Constitution,
j and without the advice and consent of the Sen-
j ate, then in session, remove the said Stanton
! from his said office.
The Constitution is silent on the subject of
removals from office, unless a rule on the sub-
ject may be inferred from the provisions it con-
tains relating to offices and officers. The only
authoritative interpretation of its meaning in
this relation previous to the passage of the
j tenure-of-office act is found in an act of Con-
J gress passed in 1789, and this concedes to the
| President alone the right to remove. The pro-
' visions of the tewire-of-office act must there-
