1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
committee. All I ask is, that the next time
we have a hearing of this bill Senators who
know nothing of its provisions shall have the
good sense and the justice tr> themselves to
say nothing. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on recommitting the bill to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no objection now
to that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays were ordered oil the motion.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the call.
Mr. CONN ESS. Let it be recommitted by
general consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for the yeas and nays will be considered as with-
drawn, no objection being made.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
report from a committee.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 379) for the relief of
Thomas Wolfe, of Macoupin county, Illinois,
asked to be discharged from ils further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
soldiers' clothing.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. II.
No. Ill) providing for the issue of clothing to
soldiers and others to replace clothing de-
stroyed to prevent contagion, to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage ; and I ask, as it is a small matter and will
take but a moment, to put it on its passage.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as ill
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Secretary of War at any time, on the recom-
mendation of the Surgeon General of the Army,
to order gratuitous issues of clothing to soldiers
who have had contagious diseases, and to hos-
pital attendants who have nursed and attended
such soiilie.rs, to replace the articles of then-
clothing which have been destroyed by order
of the proper medical officers to prevent con-
tagion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
captured and abandoned property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the House joint
. resolution that was reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance requiring the payment into the
Treasury of certain money derived from the
sale of cotton.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 19) directing that certain moneys now in
the hands of the United States Treasurer as
special agent of the Treasury Department be
covered by warrant into the United States
Treasury, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Edmunds, to substitute for
the joint resolution the following:
That all moneys which have been received by any
officer or employe of the Government, or any Depart-
ment thereof, from sales of captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, under
or under color ot the several acts of Congress pro-
viding for the collection and sale of sucli property,
and which have not already been actually covered
into the Treasury shall be immediately paid into the
Treasury of tho United States, together with any in-
terest which has been received or accrued thereon.
And be it further resolved. That if any officer or
person having the custody, possession, or control of
a.ny money derived or arising fiom the sale or other
disposition of any such properly mentioned in the
preceding resolution, shall convert tho same to his
own use, or shall refuso or neglect for a space of
thirty days next after the passage of this resolution
to pay tho saino into tho Treasury of the United
States, or shall in any way pay away or dispose of
the same otherwise than bypaying the same into the
treasury as aforesaid, shaii bo deemed and hold
guilty of embezzling the public money of the United
States, and shall bo punished therefor by imprison-
ment for a term of not morothan ten years, and shall
pay a lino equal to the sum so embezzled.
Mr. DRAKE. Is this amendment reported
by a committee ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was reported by a
committee, in a certain sense, substantially.
The amendment is the substance of a bill
agreed to by the Committee 011 Retrench-
ment; but the House joint resolution having
been reported on that subject from tho Com-
mittee on Finance, the substance of tho Mil
reported by the Committee on Retrenchment
was offered as an amendment to this as a mat-
ter of convenience.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 suppose the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont is the one that has this
matter particularly in charge ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator the question for his consideration,
whether a crime can be defined and a punish-
ment inflicted under a joint resolution of the
two Houses of Congress? This is a joint res-
olution. My own impression is that it requires
that a law shall be passed, an act of Congress,
not a joint resolution, to define a crime aud
inflict a punishment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submit to my friend
from Missouri that a joint resolution is pre-
cisely the same thing as a bill except in name.
It requires the same number of readings ; it
requites to be submitted to the President and
approved; and when approved it becomes a
law ; and from the foundation of the Govern-
ment down to now tho statutes are full of in-
stances of the kind. I therefore submit to
my friend and to the Senate that there is no
danger of infringing private rights in punish-
ing disobedience to the requirements of the
first section of the joint resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. With all respect to the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, I doubt very
much whether he can find in the Statutes-at-
Largeof tho United States another instance of
a crime defined and a punishment inflicted by
a joint resolution of Congress; and I suggest
to him that it would be a great deal better to
convert this joint resolution into an ^et and
get rid of all questions that might arise in
refei once to so grave a matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
And be it further revolved, That a sum of tbo pro-
ceeds ol such sales, not exceeding 4100,000, is hereby
appiopuuted lor tho payment of the ncccs.-ary ex-
penses incurred by or under the authority of the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury, for incidental expenses in
acting under tho laws respecting the collection and
disposition of captured and abandoned property; and
for the necessaiy expenses of defending, in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, such suits
as have been brought against him or his agents in
the premises.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take
up time about this matter, but 1 desire that the
Senate should pay attention enough to it to see
what it is. I hope that the amendment will
not be adopted. I do not know any reason
why the Secretary of the Treasury should be
put upon a different footing in this respect than
other Secretaries, 01- on a different footing in
reference to this property than in regard to
other property. If the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is sued we can make an appropriation at
any time to protect him ; and, for one, I am
willing to say now that I will vote the neces-
sary appropriations to protect the Secretary of
the Treasury or any other of the Secretaries
from prosecution arising out of the discharge
of their duties where they have acted in good j
faith. I am willing to do that; but I do not j
see any reason for voting $100,000 in advance 1
to be used for contingencies when this vast !
amount of money has been kept out of the !
Treasury as long as it has been. I think it is j
time this money was put into the Treasury ;
let it become a parfcof the common fund of the i
nation ; and then, if it be necessary to appro- |
priate money to protect the Secretary of the j
Treasury, I, for one, shall be ready to do it '
when the proper occasion arises ; but I see no i
occasion to do it now, and I hope the amend- I
ment will not be adopted. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry that my I
friend from Illinois should have carried his
opposition to the Secretary of the Treasury to
the extent that he now has. I am sure he can-
not have forgotten that it has come out in the
debates over this subject that there are a great
many suits now pending against the Secretary
of the Treasury and against his agents for this
very cotton and for the proceeds of it in courts
all over' the country, principally, I believe, in
the city of New York, where thp State courts
refuse to allow them to be transferred into the
United States courts, in respect to which he
has already been harassed and worried to death,
which he is trying to defend to the best of his
ability. In addition to that, I hope it will not
he forgotten that the amendments already
agreed to require every person in the country
who has any of this money belonging to the
United States to pay it into the Treasury, under
heavy penalties. Now, I am informed, and be-
lieve the fact to be, that many of those persons
are entitled to some drawback and allo.wance
as agents in.respect to their expenditures, the
accounts for which have not been settled and
passed. While we require them to pay in every
dollar of the money, as I agree that we should,
is it not right to make provision that these
incidental expenses, when the accounts are
settled aud passed, should be paid out, as other
incidental expenses of the Treasury are, upon
the warrant of the Secretary of the Treasury,
on the approval of the First Auditor and the
counter-approval of the Comptroller of the
Treasury. It is nothing but justice.
This amendment does not appropriate the
enormous sum of $100,000; it only makes
that the upward limit, and provides that so
much of $100,000 as is necessary out of these
proceeds is to be appropriated for this purpose;
and it would be in the present state of things,
when these suits are pending against him, which
I10 is obliged to defend or suffer a judgment
against himself in personam, a great injustice
to put all this money into the Treasury and say
to the Secretary of the Treasury, " We will not
trust you, upon the report of the First Auditor
and upon the counter-exami ation of the
Comptroller, to draw out a dollar of it to defend
yourself." The very case exists that my
friend from Illinois has already stated that he
would vote to appropriate for.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I prefer first to know
something about these suits. I think the state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury on that
subject in his report to Congress is very ob-
scure. I offered a resolution some days since,
calling for further information with regard to
these particular suits, which has not yet been
answered, although it was adopted some ten
days since. I think, on investigation, it will
be ascertained that a sufficient sum of money
has already been paid out, and the payment
had better be stopped. I think we had better
see first how it has been paid. In a report of
the Secretary of the lieasury made during
this session he tells us that a compromise has
been made in a case pending in'the United
States circuit court in New \ork, known as
the Dennistown cotton case, where the agent
of the United States was under a replevin bond
for $400,000, and that that sum of money was
deposited as his surety in the Farmers' Loan
and Trust Company of New York. He pro-
ceeds to tell us that it was finally thought
advisable, by eminent counsel, to pay the sum
ot 4)53,000 in that case, and have a final settle-
ment and release ot the money deposited.
^ In order to understand what lie meant by
tms statement I offered a resolution some daj'S
ago, which the Senate adopted, inquiring of
him with regard to the facts connected with this
transaction, who the eminent counsel referred
to were, what advice each particular counsel
gave, asking for copies of their ouinions. if
they were in writiug, and what advice 'the
Attorney General gave. Belore an appropri-
ation is made to pay these various sums of
money I think it proper to ascertain and have
it passed upon what they are to be used for. I
think the Secretary can well trust the Govern-
