2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
generally favor adjournments, and ordinarily
vote to economize time t but I doubt very much
whether, if we now continue in session withont
any adjournment we shall expedite the trans-
action of business. Every member of the Sen-
ate feels to some extent exhausted by the ex-
citement and length of the trial which has just
occurred; and the mind of every Senator is
filled with the subjects connected with that
trial; and it appears to me that if the Senate
._now adjourn for a week our bodies and onr
minds will be relieved and refreshed, and we
can come back here at the expiration of that
time and transact more business before the 1st
of July than we shall if we continue in session.
I do not urge this resolution for the purpose
of accommodating persons who desire to go to
the Chicago convention ; but that convention
will be in session, and it is of such conse-
quences in the country that it will attract the
attention of Senators, and of other persons
who are interested in the political affairs of
this country, and that matter will, to some ex-
tent, absorb our attention. And then the con-
tinuance of this trial until the 26th instant
keeps that subject, to some extent, before our
minds if we remain here, and will occupy, no
doubt, a large share of our discussions.
I understand that it has been customary at
this season of the year to adjourn as proposed
by this resolution, and I can see no particular
reason why we should depart from the prece-
dent in this respect. I think we shall do as
much business if we adjourn for a week as wo
shall if we continue in session, for some of the
members will necessarily be absent attending
the convention, others will be thinking about
the proceedings of the convention or about
this trial, and the business of the Senate will
drag itself along here for a week or two, and
we shall not succeed in doing very much.
In view of all the circumstances, as well as the
necessity of refurnishing the room, I favor this
adjournment, and hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am sorry
to disagree with my friend from Oregon, be-
cause it usually turns out in the end that if I
do I am wrong; but we have here now on our
Calendar three hundred and ninety-nine mat-
ters depending in .the regular order of busi-
ness. This, of course, is exclusive of resolu-
tions and joint resolutions, and is exclusive of
all matters that lie upon the table. It is sim-
ply the regular Calendar. Now, I do not see
why we cannot, for the week to come, suppos-
ing the House of Representatives to adjourn
itself—it does not concern us particularly—
go forward with the regular ox-work (if I may
be permitted to use a country term) of legis-
lation and endeavor to forward business so as
to get au early adjournment or an early cessa-
tion of business before the hot weather comes
on. Here is work enough on our tables, cer-
tainly, to occupy us, selecting from these four
hundred cases those upon which action is in-
dispensable, matters of detail, matters of ordi-
nary legislation of one kind and another, action
upon which is practically indispensable to the
orderly progress of affairs. A large portion of
this business has been sent to us by the House
of Representatives already: why should we not
act upon and dispose of it when we have nothing
else really to do?
These considerations press upon me heavily
that we ought to make some diligence in dis-
posing of this large mass of business, and I do
not know any better time when we have some-
thing to do than to do it now. It is true a
political convention is to be held; it is true that
the question of impeachment is not disposed
of; that the minds of Senators and others &re
to some extent interested in those questions ;
it is true that we have postponed the question
of the final determination of the matter that is
before us in order to give judges an opportunity
to make up their minds—all that is true; but
here we have now upon our table a press of
legislative business upon which we ought to
act, upon which we can be as ready to act to-
day and Monday and through the next week
as at any other time. Therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, it appears to me, speaking, of course,
only for myself, that we had better take hold
manfully of,this great arrear of business and
try to bring it tip.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, lam clearly
of opinion that our constituents are already dis-
gusted at the number of adjournments we have
recently had, and I think that as the majority
with which I am identified are responsible for
these adjournments it is high time'that we began
to look them in the face. If we adjourn now for
one week, we then have a precedent for ad-
journing for the New York convention. We
know that the fall campaign will occupy the
attention especially of members of the House
of Representatives who are to be reelected, and
we know the interest that Senators will take in
that campaign, and consequently we are to
have a short summer session. The result of
an adjournment now is to cut oif the maturing
and consummating of private bills and bills of
a local character, dearer to some of our con-
stituents than matters of general legislation,
and more needed in their estimation. It is on
our part, therefore, I think, a relinquishment
of the private hills and bills of a local charac-
ter to take this adjournment now and the con-
sequent additional adjournment which will fol-
low hereafter. For this reason, as the sum-
mer session must necessarily be short, I am
utterly opposed to an adjournment at this time.
1 am especially opposed to that adjournment
from the fact that the reconstructed States of
which we have talked so much, and in whose
introduction here we are undoubtedly so deeply
interested, are waiting at our doors to be ad-
mitted ; and when a bill for their admission
'shall pass it has to run the gauntlet of the veto,
and we do not expect its return here under ten
days from the time of its consummation, and
then it is to be passed over the veto again, as
has been the history heretofore. Consequently,
if we are to admit these States at this session,
it is high time that we act upon the question,
and act promptly: Every interest that appeals
to usas individuals and as representatives of the
party that is responsible to this country for its
legislation at the present time imperatively
demands that we be f'oundatourpo_sts continu-
ously until we adjourn for the session.
As to putting the Hall in better trim for the
summer,_ 1 see nothing in that suggestion. If
wo remain here now, we shall have a session
of but perhaps six weeks, and there is no re-
modeling necessary either for our comfort or
our health. In no view which I can take of
the question can I see any reason whatever
why we should adjourn now after the repeated
adjournments we have so recently had, and
which have worked out such marvelous results
as they have in the consummation of the vote
of this morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is, Mr. Presi-
dent, one suggestion which I think I ought
perhaps to answer. It is that if an adjourn-
ment be now taken for a week a like adjourn-
ment will be asked for when the Democratic
convention sits in Mew York. I think I may
say lor my friends of the same political faith
with myself that we shall desire no adjourn-
ment for the purpose of attending the New
York convention. We think that convention
will be able to take care of itself without any
aid from us. I will suggest, further, that in the
last Democratic national convention, it was
refused by the convention to allow special
attendance on the part of members of Con-
gress in that body; so that we should hardly
feel free to go unless we were delegates ap-
pointed by the people, so strict is the conven-
tion likely to be. So I think I may say that
there will be no desire to take a recess at that
time ; as far as I am concerned, there will be
none; but at this time 1 do desire that there
should be a recess.
There is much more zeal to-day for the
transaction of public business than there was
last Tuesday. We all had to remain here
during the week because the court of impeach-
ment had adjourned over to this day. It was
suggested, and very earnestly suggested, On
Tuesday, that we might meet from day to day
and transact ordinary business, such as was
not much contested, but yet we adjourned
from Tuesday of this week, I think, to to-day,
spending three days in this city with no profit
to ourselves or the country. Why this zeal
just now to go on with work when there was
such a disinclination in the early part of the
week? I think, sir, there is no impropriety in
taking this adjourflment, the usual one which
enables the employes of the Senate to put the
I-Iall in condition for the pleasant transaction
of business thereafter.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if there
is any one subject upon which the Senator
from Indiana ought not to ask any of us to
attach the slightest importance to his opinions,
it is in reference to what will or will not be
required at the New York convention. Ac-
cording to the almost universal testimony of
the newspapers, the Senator from Indiana, on
that occasion, is to be "in the hands of his
friends." [Laughter.] He is to do what
they think it best he shall do ; and no adjourn-
ment will be asked then, nor will the asking
of an adjournment be omitted upon any coun-
sel or advice of his. He will doubtless be in
the hands of a committee, and not in a con-
dition to influence that question.
Mr. IIENDIIICKS. The Senator is very
much mistaken about all that.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, sir, the wisest
and best of men have thought, as the Senator
now thinks, beforehand, that they would be
adequate to judge upon such an occasion, and
experience has demonstrated the fallacy of
that idea.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say a few
wordsaboutthisresolution. TheSenator from
Indiana says that there is great zeal just now
to proceed with business, and he seems to think
that all those who feel it have in some way ex-
perienced this zeal since Tuesday last. 1 beg
to say to the Senator, for one, that his indis-
position on Tuesday last to adjourn was no
greater than mine. I speak for myself; the
adjournment of Tuesday last did not.take place
by my vote nor by my accord in any way. I
thought we should have gone on and improved
the time, as I think we should now go on and
improve the time.
I suppose this resolution is to prevail The
personal convenience of one Senator in one
direction,'and anotherin another, always enters
so far into the average expression of judgment
upon resolutions of this sort that such a propo-
sition always starts with immense advantage
and immense chances of success. If the pur-
pose of the resolution had been to gauge the
ingenuity and invention of Senators in debate
I think it would be admirable, because we have
seen a large assortment of reasons produced
here in favor of adjournment, and 1 wish to
submit that if there be one more utterly* pre-
posterous than all the rest it is that an adjourn-
ment is necessary to deck this Chamber in the
habiliments of summer. In the first place. [
should like to know how it concerns the con-
venience of anybody to have this carpet taken
up now (staring and uncomfortable to the eye
as it is at all seasons of the year) any more
than it has done any other day during which
we have sat? But, sir, I have a prejudice, an
inveterate prejudice, against this suggestion,
because I have heard it in the other House
until it has become so hackneyed, it has served
so many years, as every member of that House
Knows, as a mere make-shift, a mere stereo-
typed excuse for every gentleman to assign who
does not care to assign his own personal con-
venience as the reason of his vote. Now, I
undertake to say that everything which will be
uone m this Chamber in the way of change be-
tween winter and summer appointment and
decoration, can be done just as well in the ad-
journment that takes place frotn Friday until
iuonday as it could be in a time as long as it
took to fight_ the Trojan war. There is no
doubt about it. What is there to do here?
late up this carpet and put down mattingj
