82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®
December 9,
into the Treasury does- not exceed four or five
hundred thousand dollars under the confisca-
tion proceedings, or rather the proceedings
against the person, under the act of July 17,
1862.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I think the Senator is
mistaken. My impression is, that after I went
into the Treasury Department there were a
vast amount of cases under that- act—a very
large number.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator went
into the Treasury in July, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Proceedings were going
on under the act of 1862, and the number of
cases was very extensive. I am quite confi-
dent that it would take a very long time and
involve very, great labor to answer the resolu-
tion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to put
the Department to any very great trouble no*
the Government to expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator would
have his resolution referred to the .Committee
on Finance, of which he is a member, it could
be examined by the committee, and he would
soon see how to frame it so &9 to call for pre-
cisely what he wants.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that course in this case, and I will make the
motion that the resolution be referred-to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to make a single gen-
eral remark, and that is to express my dissent
to the course suggested by my honorable friend
from Wisconsin, and which seems to have
been accepted by the honorable Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not by any means.
Mr. DAVIS. I protest against the principle
and practice being adopted in the Senate of
submitting all resolutions calling for informa-
tion from the Departments to the committees
of the Senate. The committees are, of courser
strongly party according to the predominance
of party in the body. They never were more
strongly and exclusively party than at present;
but I make no particular remark in relation to
the present constitution of the committees of
the Senate; it is a matter about which I feel
the profoundest indifference. I utterly protest
against the principle that, all resolutions call-
ing for information which Senators may seek
of the various officers of the executive depart-
ment of the Government shall be submitted to
the committees of this body in the first place
to decide whether they shall be sent to the de-
¥artment or not, now or at any future time,
t would be eminently injudicious and mis-
chievous, in my judgment, to submit the
sources of information to any such power to
stifle them as that would be.
Mr. President, my opinion in relation to this
Administration and to the party in power, and
in relation to all parties and all Administrations,
is that there ought to be the freest response to
all proper calls for information from the exec-
utive Departments at all times. I think the
good of the country requires it; a proper
responsibility and check upon the Adminis-
tration requires it, and a proper regard to the
public interests in all the various Departments
requires it. I utterly protest against any such
principle being adopted by the Senate as that
which has been announced by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the diffi-
culty that is suggested by my friend from Ken-
tucky. The business of the Senate is undoubt-
edly in the hands of the majority of the Senate
always. The Senator cannot contend that as
a matter of right or a matter of propriety, any
one Senator is entitled at any time to" have
passed by the Seuate ijiny resolution calling for,
information that he sees fit to offer, because
Senators may make calls that are very improper
and that the majority of the Senate would not
sanction. The business of the Seuate must
necessarily always be in the hands of a majority
of the Senate, and of course there is a party j
majority always, for as a general rule there j
Always must be a majority and a minority. ' i
Now, sir, wha,t disadvantage does a Senator
labor under who desires to make a call on a
Department by having his resolution referred
to a committee.? He may contest the report
of that committee when it comes in if he sees
fit. _ It only passes out of the hands of the
! majority of the body into the hands of a major-
ity of a committee for the time being. Perhaps
, he may as well be heard in one place as the
I other, and better before a committee where a
j question arises of the kind that I havg pvjggested.
To an ordinary call for informatics^! never,
or at least very seldom, make an objection. I
think there is an impropriety in the very ch&r-
[ acter of the thing itself. I agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky that it is essen-
tial that there should bo the utmost freedom
: with reference to obtaining information from
; the. President and from the pepartfnents/and
| in very few cases should information that is
; called for be refused. It is only when it seems
that the public interest will be better served by
withholding the information or by not calling
for it, and that is to be judged of by the body
itself. I happen to know (and that is the rea-
son why I make the objection) that very fre-
quently a Senator wlio desires to get at a par-
ticular fact makes a call covering a very broad
ground, involving not only that which he wishes
to obtain but a vast deal of immaterial matter
that he himself does not desire. The conse-
quence is that during the sessions of Congress
the time of clerks in the Departments who
should be attending to other duties is taken
up for the most part in copying off a great deal
of irrelevant matter which nobody carea any-
thing about. This exposes the,Departments to
a great deal of inconvenience and necessarily
to a great deal of expense. Consequently when
resolutions are drawn in broad terms, which I
perceive from the limited knowledge I have on
the subject are to involve great labor and great
expense for no particular object but to get at
a fact which may be called for in sujch a way
as to get that and nothing more, I desire that
there should be an investigation that the Sen-
ate may see what is and what is not necessary,
what the Senator making the call does desire
and what he does not desire.. This inforniation
can be easily obtained in the present case, and
it was for that reason that I suggested to the
Senator from Missouri to refer his resolution
to acommittee of which he is a ipember. There
he can define more accurately what it is his
desire to get. It is the last thing in my wish
at any time to prevent a Senator's getting all
the information he may require upon any sub-
ject which is proper to be communicated to'
the Senate and made public; but I hope for the
reason I have stated that the motion of the
Senator from Missouri to refer his resolution
to the Committee on Finance, which is the
proper committee to consider these subjects,
will be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not propose to con-
tinue this discussion, but I wish to say one word
upon the subject. Since I'have been in the
Senate I have offered few resolutions calling
for information; I -certainly have not abused
my privileges in that respect; but I protest that
every Senator is entitled to information in the
possession of the Departments for his proper
use, to guide him in the performance of his
proper duties, and that no further embarrass-
ments should be placed in the way' of the ob-
tainmeut of that information than the judgment
of the Senate when the resolution is offered.
Its reference to a committee first necessarily
means delay, delay which he is not prepared
for, and stands inhis way and the way of the
performance • of his duties. More than that,
both in a party sense and otherwise, it may be
made a means of shutting off all information
from a Senator. If the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, belonging to an opposite party from
myself, should offer, as he has in my opinion
on some occasions offered, resolutions calling
for information with a view to party advantage,
I should be prepared to vote against the pas-
sage of his resolutions when offered; but I
should be entirely unwilling to establish the
practice, ,or j^ive that Senator or myself or any
other Senator "subjected to the practice of the
reference to committees of resolutions calling
for information.
Mr. DAVIS. I am aware, as the honorable
Senator from Maine has suggested that unne-
cessary and often very inconvenient calls are
made upon the Departments for information;
but I think from the practice generally a much
greater amount of public good arises than of
evil. If a resolution upon its facer.in itself, is
evidently and obviously improper, or too exten-
sive, or subject to any other objection, upon
the suggestion being made to the Senate the
resolution can be modified so as to comedown
to the measure of propriety. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, what I maintain is this principally, that
every Senator who wishes to have information
is entitled to the prompt and immediate judg-
ment of the Senate itself, without any reference
to a committee whether his.call be proper or
ought to.be allowed. We know that it is often
the case in the management of party affairs
that a reference to a committee is made the
means of stifling a subject andburving it;, and
that such would be the result of a change of the
rule according to the suggestions of my friend
from Wisconsin I doubt not. If it did not
take place while the present party are domi-
nant .it is certain to take place in the future.
Mr. President, I "think there is a needless
mystery, to a considerable extent, about the
affairs of our Government and its administra-
tion. I do not believe in this mystery at all in
relation to any matters connected with Govern-
ment. I believe in revelation,, in light, in hav-
ing the fullest Mid freest understanding by the
people of our country ,in relation to every inter-
est and matter of Government; and when a
Senator asks fpr information, and can show
reasonably that that information is important
for his own guidance, as suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from California, or important
to the interests of his constituents, or to the
correction of any abuse in administration, or as
a necessary check, or from any other proper
motive, I.am for a prompt and liberal consid-
eration by the Senate itself of his call without
referring it to any committee whatever.
I do not object to any course which the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri may deem proper
to accept in relation to his particular call in
this case. I think it is a proper and a valuable
call. His resolution may be too extensive. If
it is so, restrict it, and let it go in a convenient
as well as a valuable form to the Department.
What I object to, and what I intend to protest
against now and forever, is the idea that the
information which the Senate may get, or
which a Senator may ask for, shall be at all
hampered or stifled by the reference of that
call as a matter of right or of practice to a
committee of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution now pend-
ing I have read carefully, and I do not see
any necessity for the reference of it to the
Committee on Finance or any other commit-
tee. Many resolutions of inquiry do, it is
true, involve a great deal of labor in prepar-
ing answers, and it is sometimes a useless
labor, because the information is already con-
tained in documents heretofore printed for our
use. I have often noticed calls for informa-
tion when that very information was already
upon our tables in the shape of public docu-
ments. But this is a resolution pertinent and
clear, and can be easily answered. It calls
for the instructions of the Executive Depart-
ments to different officers in regard to the pro-
ceedings under a particular law for the seizure
of certain property during the war. Those
directions must be brief comparatively, and
must be in print. It also requires a statement
of the amount of money received by different
officers of the Government, and the amount
disbursed, showing the amount in their hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A statement of each
case.
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply a statement of
accounts to show that in the hands of certain
officers there is a considerable amount of
