1867.
THE COiYGRESSlOJSTAL GLOBE.
83
money which ought to be transferred to the
Treasury, 1 presume.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHEHMAN. If so, it is legitimate and
proper, and I see no objection to it; and it is
a resolution which it will not require much
time to answer, because the number of those
officers must be comparatively few. I hope,
therefore, the resolution will be passed with-
out a reference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This matter of calling
for inquiry or information is a matter that
either belongs to the Senator who offers the
resolution calling for it or to the Senate. If it
belongs to the Senator it is a matter of right
and the Senate has nothing to say about it.
But if it belongs to the Senate, the Senate
certainly needs some information by its being :
examined by a committee to determine whether
it is a useless proceeding involving unnecessary
expense or not. Here is a controversy at once,
and between two most distinguished members
of this body. The honorable Senator from
Maine says this resolution will of necessity in-
volve a very large amount of labor in the De-
partment ; the honorable Senator from Ohio
says it will not. VV'e want a committee just
to consider that point, to make a little inquiry
to see whether it does or does not involve that,
because we have not thought on the question.
The resolution is sprung upon us here in a mo- :
ment, and it is insisted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky that as a matter of right a
Senator is entitled to have his resolution passed, j
Mr. DAVIS. I have not taken that position !
at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator's position
is that it should not be referred.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I have said this: that it is
right and would be more just to a member of
the Senate that his resolution and the pro-
priety of his call should be considered by the
Senate itself rather than by any committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course it must be
considered by the Senate if the Senate are to
vote upon it, or be passed without any consid-
eration. If it is to be considered it had bet-
ter be considered by a committee and all the
facts in relation to it ascertained. As for any
advantage that can be obtained in a political
way by refusing to pass a resolution of inquiry I
believe the party that should refuse it, unless
there were some good reasons for refusing it,
would be the party to suffer. I have no fear
that any members of the majority in this body
would dare to refuse a call for any proper
information which I as a Senator or any other
Senator should desire to obtain. For political
considerations they would not dare to under-
take to cotfer up anything which was hidden in
the Departments; and no committee when they
come to act would be controlled by any such
considerations. The effect of such a course
would be against the party that should dare to
object to information; but the committee would
look into the question simply in reference to
other matters, as for example, whether the
information was not already published. How
do we know? Because one Senator assumes
to introduce a resolution to call for certain
information are we to presume that the inform-
ation is not already published in some other
document? Let the committee look into that,
and see how the fact is for the purpose of sav-
ing trouble to the Department and expense to 1
the Government,. It was with that view that
roy suggestion was made that all these res'olu- |
tions of inquiry had better go to some com- I
mittee. The committee must report either for
or against a resolution referred to them, and
when they bring in their report either for it or '
against it, if there is any political advantage I
that is sought by either party seeking to cover j
up any transaction it can be tested then just as j
well on the report of the committee as to be ■
tested in the open Senate on the first introduc- :
tion of the resolution. I do not fear being
strangled by a majority of this body if they
choose in committee to report against any in-
formation that I desire to obtain. I think if
they undertook it they would be the sufferers.
t Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone the
' present and all prior orders for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 69.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator
will allow my resolution to go to the commit-
tee. I do not object to the reference suggested
by the Senator from Maine, but there is cer-
tain information that I desire to obtain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Missouri moves the reference of his resolution,
I suppose no one will object to its going to the
committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. ary well, I waive my
motion for the preseut.'''f''
I _ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri to refer the resolution submitted by him
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NYE. I wish to know whether the
reference of this resolution to the Committee
on Finance is to be taken as a precedent, which
is to be followed in other cases of resolutions
making inquiries of the heads of the Depart-
ments? ["No."] If it is I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This motion
determines nothing except the disposition of
this resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope it will be
referred and that that course will not be con-
sidered as a precedent in any other case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All these
resolutions are under the control of the Sen-
ate and will be, whatever is done with this.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
GREAT BRITAIN AND ABYSSINIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 69) to preserve neutral-
ity between the Government of Great Britain
and the King of Abyssinia was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole..
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, when I
offered this resolution the other day I hoped
there would be no objection to it and I made
no remarks upon it. As I have stated, it is
almost an exact copy of the proclamation of
neutrality issued on the 14th day of May, 1861,
by the Government of Great Britain as between
the United States and certain rebels against
the Government of the United States. There
is but one change made in the resolution as
offered by me from the original proclamation
of neutrality as issued by Great Britain on the
14th day of May, 1861; and that was, as I stated,
to change the name of "the Government of
the United States of America " to that of " the
Government of Great Britain," and to change
the name of'' the so-called Confederate States''
to "King of Abyssinia." I then in the last
sentence of the resolution condense what takes
several paragraphs of closely printed matter in
the British proclamation of neutrality, into a
single sentence. This being all the change
made from the British proclamation in the
resolution as offered by me, I could see no
reason why the resolution should not have been
passed promptly and unanimously at that time.
This is a resolution of reciprocity, recipro-
cating to the Government of Great Britain the
courtesy extended to us in 1861. It may per-
haps be called retaliatory—retaliating, if you
please, if that word is preferred to reciprocat-
ing, the same treatment upon the Government
of Great Britain that she volunteered to us in
out time of trouble. Some gentlemen upon
this floor and some members of the press have
called this a very good joke. Mr. President,
it is the furthest possible remove from a joke;
or if it be a joke, it is the most serious and
the most practical ever perpetrated on earth,
save one, and that was the original issuing of
the proclamation of neutrality in 1861 by the
Government of Great Britain. That, sir, was
a more serious and a more practical joke, if
this be a joke, than this; and that joke, if it
were such, cost this nation two hundred thou-
sand lives and $2,000,000,000 in money, for no
man pretends that the rebellion would ever have
j taken head but for the proclamation of neutral-
I ity issued by the Government of Great Britain
! on the 14th day of May, 1861. But for that
| proclamation of neutrality the rebellion would
nave been put down in less than twelve months.
And when I state the number of lives that that
joke cost and the number of thousands of mil-
lions of dollars that it cost I put it inside the
I mark, for it was more than two hundred thou-
| sand lives and more than two thousand million
dollars that that practical joke cost the Gov-
| ernment of the United States.
j More than that, sir; that proclamation
| placed upon the water and the land a flag that
had never existed upon the water or upon the
land until that proclamation was issued. That
proclamation recognized a flag that had neither
land nor water to float upon. The rebel States
! were in precisely the same situation that the
Devil was when he took our Saviour up into a
high mountain, showed him all the kingdoms
of the earth, and promised to give them to
him if he would fall down and worship him.
Why, sir, the Devil did not own enough to
bury him on ; neither did the rebel confeder-
| acy. Every foot of land and water within
1 their limits belonged to the United States, and
when Great Britain, by that proclamation,
\ called the rebel flag into existence, it commit-
! ted an act of hostility against this Government
that has never been paid, never been wiped
out, never been retaliated for, and never can
be, as my friend [Mr. Nye] suggests.
Mr. President, what was the situation of the
United States when that proclamation was
issued by the Government of Great Britain ?
We had been at peace with all the world for a
long series of years; we had been at peace
with Great Britain for nearly half a century.
Our intercourse with Great Britain had been
of the most friendly and intimate kind. We
were her best customers; the commerce be-
tween Great Britain and the United States was
greater than that between Great Britain and
any other nation on earth. The old irritation
had been forgotten, and we looked upon Great
Britain with a friendly eye, as our maternal
ancestor, if you please to call her so, our mother.
Why should Great Britain thus volunteer to
recognize rebels who neither owned a foot of
land or water on earth ? Sir, the wish was
father to the thought that this Government was
or would be destroyed. The rebels at that
time had achieved no victories. They had
bombarded, it is true, a fort garrisoned by some
seventy or eighty soldiers, but they had no
armies in the field, no fleets on the ocean, no
powers as a nation. They were simply rebels
against a friendly Government when Great
Britain issued the proclamation that cost us
two hundred thousand lives, $2,000,000,000,
and a thousand ships, and which reduced us
from the second commercial Power on earth
to the fourth or fifth. I do not mean to say
that these British pirates actually destroyed a
thousand ships, but I have a list of the vessels
that were either captured and taken from us or
burned and those that changed their flags, and
they amount, I think, to one thousand and
seventy; it is over a thousand ships that we
lost in consequence of that proclamation of
neutrality.
There are Some strong points of resemblance
between the two cases to which I allude, to
wit, the condition of the United States and the
rebel States, and of Great Britain and the king
of Abyssinia, to which I shall call the atten-
tion of the Senate ere long.
My course upon this proclamation and its
results has been at least consistent from the
first. In 1862 I proclaimed on every stump
that I had occasion to speak from that every
dollar of property destroyed by English pirates
under the rebel flag should be paid for, satis-
factorily settled, or retaliated for. On the 14th
of December, 1864, I offered a resolution in
this body directing the Secretary of State to
make out a bill for every ship destroyed by
these British pirates, with interest upon the
amount from the date of destruction to the date
of presentation of the bill, and asked the
