1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
and, forsooth, wo are to adjourn ten days for
that!
Mr. President, with great respect to every
Senator, I say we all know better than that.
Tf we want to adjourn in order that we may go
home for our convenience, according to the
example of those men described in Scripture
who had each his personal errand to do on that
day, let us say so and adjourn, but do not let
us put it on this ground  
Mr. HENDRICKS. Any ground.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana, accommodating as he always is, is willing
to put it on that ground. I knew that all the
time. He wants to go home, like my friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] whom I heard
declare that he meant to go home, and no
doubt he is determined to go home at all events;
and I suppose on the principle that " misery
loves company" he would like the rest of us
to go home because he does. Let every Sen-
ator go who wants to do so ; and if the House
of Representatives, having enjoyed a substan-
tial relaxation, want to go, let them go, but let
us stay here now on the most opportune of all
occasions and do up that business, be it more
or less, which remains and pertains to us.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony] went into some distinction which
I did not understand to show whether, philo-
sophically and metaphysically, we were before or
behind the other House in the advance of legis-
lative business. I take the practical fact that
here lies bill after bill of that description which
we cannot, fail to recognize and to entertain,
complete so far as the action of the House is
concerned, and awaiting our action. Now, I
submit to my honorable friend that it is per-
fectly idle to say that the House may have
dawdled over these measures six weeks or six
months ; they havefinished their consideration,
and here they are—appropriation bills among
others—for we are not so far up in that regard
as the Senator suggested ; and then there are
the bills relating to the admission of the south-
ern States. It is a work of time, it is a work
of gravity, and before this session comes to an
end we must consider them. Now, why should
not gentlemen go who have, I have no doubt,
paramount and obligatory reasons for going?
but let the rest of us, who choose to stay here
and make a quorum, carry forward the busi-
ness of the session, so that by and by, when
our convenience and the convenience of all
parties concerned requires it, we may be dis-
charged without day from this Chamber and
permitted to return home before the hot season
really commences.
I hope, Mr. President, that if this resolution
is to pass it will be put on the real ground; but
I trust that Senators will accept as a compro-
mise the option of going themselves, which they
will be able to do without breaking up a quo-
rum, leaving those who choose to remain to
make such progress as thoy can with the busi-
ness of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say but a single
word on this subject. Personally it makes very
little difference to me whether the Senate takes
this recess or not; but the public interests do
require that some legislation should be trans-
acted. I reported this morning from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary a bill for the recogni-
tion of the State government in Arkansas.
Those newly-organized State governments have
■110 validity until they are recognized by Con-
gress. I understand that there is now a Legis-
lature assembled in Arkansas, which has rati-
fied the constitutional amendment and has
complied, as the committee thought, and as
the House of Representatives, which sent us
the bill, thought, with all the provisions neces-
sary to authorize its recognition. If that is to
be done, it ought not to be delayed for two or
throe weeks. The Legislature in Arkansas
should not be kept at Little Rock waiting to
hear from Washiugton ; and if it is not to be
recognized, let that be decided. They are en-
titled to a decision upon that question.
I think that bill ought to be taken up and
of. I believe that the public inter-
ests require it; that the peace and good order
of the people in the State of Arkansas require
it. We have been struggling here for the last
two years to have governments organized in
the rebel States ; complaints have come here
from time to time of disorder and violence ;
and now after a great deal of difficulty, after a
convention has been called in pursuance of
our law, after two elections, one a vote of the
people calling a convention, after that con-
vention has met, has adopted a constitution,
has submitted that constitution to the people,
and the people have voted upon it, and we
have got their returns, we stand here and ad-
journ over the session perhaps for ten days at
this season of the year, and take 110 action on
such a bill. I think we should not adjourn
until we act on that bill. 1 should be glad to
take it up to-day and act upon it; and I do not
know that there is any reason why we should
not take it up to-day ; but at any rate I think
it would be a hardship that would hardly jus-
tify us, unless there is some imperative neces-
sity, in adjourning Congress for ten days and
passing over a measure like that. I speak of
that because it is a measure that I have been
looking into since it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. There are other meas-
ures, I have no doubt, of equal importance
requiring the attention of Congress. I shall
therefore vote, not to accommodate my per-
sonal convenience, but as a matter of public
duty, against an adjournment that postpones
the public business of the country.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] who thinks
we show a great deal more zeal now in favor
of attending to the public business than we did
two or three days ago, when we had immediately
pressing upon us a great question, that J have
an earnest and special desire to stay here and
to take up two or three very important bills;
and the events that are transpiring about 11s
make me more earnest in that wish. I desire
to see the bill for the restoration of Arkansas
to her practical relations to the Union passed
at the earliest possible moment; I desire also
to see, further, the bill which restores live other
southern States passed: and I should like to
see them passed within the next three or four
days, so that those States that have made and
voted upon constitutions and elected officers
can put the rebel ofiicers out of power and put
loyal and true men into power, and aid in re-
storing peace and order and iaw and liberty
and justice in that portion of the country. For
that reason I am specially anxious that the
Senate shall stay here, and, as early as possible
next week, pass these bills. Then we have two
or three very important appropriation bills be-
fore the Senate, some of which, I think, will
take two or three days. I think we had better
now go to work in sober earnest and pass these
measures, and make the Senate as far advanced
as the House of Representatives in business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to
the Senator from Illinois, and also to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, whether they think
it is right to present to the President of the
United States very important bills upon con-
tested questions while there are articles of im-
peachment held over his head in the Senate.
Is the President placed in such an independent
position at such a time as he ought to occupy
when, under the Constitution, he comes to
consider a legislative measure presented for
his approval or disapproval?
I can say to the Senator from Illinois and
to the Senator from Massachusetts that I am
as desirous as they can be that the southern
States shall, in some way or other, pass into
some other form of government than that which
now rules them. No subject of greater import-
ance can occupy the attention of the Senate, in
my judgment. I will read an extract from a
letter that I have received within a few days as
illustrating the kind of government that is now
prevailing in ten of the States. I read from a
letter written by an old friend, an early ft-iend,
a young man who was raised in the same town
with myself, who was always a Republican,
who went into the war, commanded a com-
pany, fought it through, and then remained in
Alabama, not as a " carpet-bagger," to obtain
office and to filch from the people their hard-
earned gains, but as a lawyer, to practice his
profession in the town of Selma; and of the
condition of affairs down there he writes me
thus: *
" This week seven eitizens of Green county, who
were tried by military commission at this place on
the charge <>1 assault and battery and an attempt at
riot, were sent to the Dry Tortugas, four of them for
one and three of them for three years. I will send
you a paper containing the order of sentence."
And then lie goes on to give an account of
still another trial that is in progress there, in
which he fears his client will fare still worse
than these seven who have already been ban-
ished. Why, Mr. President, under the present
form of government in these States we have
gone back to the days of Rome and of Greece,
when a system of punishment was allowed in
those enlightened countries that is revolting-to
the civilization of the present age—the punish-
ment of banishment—of banishment to a hor-
rible island, where there is 110 green thing to
look upon, where the hot sun of an almost
torrid zone beats down upon the unfortunate
victim. To such a^punishment men are now
subjected for an assault and battery with an
intent, as it was averred, of committing a riot! .
Sir, while we have such a system of punishment
as that, of course I feel the great necessity and
importance of some change. Scarcely any
change can be worse than that.'
Again, as such frequent allusions have been
made in the Senate to wrongs committed upon
the freedmen in the southern States, I will
read a short extract from the Chronicle, pub-
lished in this city—a telegraphic dispatch of
last month. It says:
" This evening at four o'clock, John P. Howard, a
one-armed ex-confederate soldier, was shot from his
horse and instantly killed, about four miles from ihjs
city, on the Bumsvilte road. The assassin has not
been apprehended. This is the fit'tli white man that
has been murdered in that immediate locality since
the war. No one of the murderers has been ar-
rested."
Murders without arrest, without trial, with-
out conviction—murders of white men going
on unpunished ! Of course I am as anxious
as any Senator to favor any just and proper
legislation that will pass away from such a
system of government, and adopt some ftther
better and safer system for the people.
But, Mr. President, I think when it is pro-
posed to send to the President of the United
States a bill to reorganize the government of
a State, and in connection with that bill there
is a proposition which every Senator must
know is bitterly contested—the proposition
that Congress, by legislation, shall make irre-
pealable and unchangeable some feature of a
State constitution—when such a proposition is
sent to the President of the United States it
ought to be under such circumstances that ho
can, without let or liinderance, exercise his
judgment upon the measure. It may be that
it will command the approval of his judgment.
It may be that it will not. Whether it does
or not, it ought to be sent to him when there
is 110 legislative or impeachment sword pend-
ing over him ; it ought to be when, in the
spirit of the Constitution, he can consider it
and communicate to the Senate and the House
of Representatives his matured, unbiased, un-
fettered judgment upon so important a ques-
tion ; and I submit to Senators if this is not the
very period of all the periods in our country's
history, when we ought not in hot haste to pass
a bill of that sort and send it to the President
for his approval or disapproval. Let the meas-
ure wait. There has been 110 such haste in the
past three years for restoring the southern
States to representation in Congress as will
now justify a demand that we shall consider
that bill immediately. There has been a very
earnest demand in this country that there
should be representation from those States,
and it has been delayed from month to month
and year to year; but now we are told that
because a peculiar and special measure has
