THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the disbursements of the moneys appropriated
for the military service and the Department of
War" any further than he legally might with
Mr. Stanton or any other acceptable person in
the office. This negatives the alleged criminal
intent.
The ninth article is supported by evidence,
and the alleged intents may be said to be dis-
proved.
The tenth article charges, in substance, that
the respondent, designing and intending to set
aside the rightful authorities and powers of
Congress, attempts to bring Congress and its
several branches into disgrace, ridicule, hatred,
contempt, and reproach; to impair and destroy
the respect of the people for Congress and its
legislative power and to excite the odium and
resentment of the people against Congress and
the laws enacted by it; in pursuance of such
' design and intent, openly and publicly made
and delivered, with a loud voice, certain in-
temperate, inflammatory, and scandalous har-
angues, the particulars of which are set forth
in the three specifications found in this article.
It is pleasant to learn, as is disclosed at the
end, that this design and intent of the re-
spondent was in some manner frustrated, for it
is there said that by means of the said utter-
ances, declarations, threats, and harangues,
the respondent had brought, not Congress, but
" the high office of the President of the United
States into contempt, ridicule, and disgrace, to
the great scandal of all good citizens." There
'may be more truth than poetry in this, and if
so, it is not the first case of an engineer "hoist
by his own petard." It may, nevertheless, be
difficult to determine whether the ineffectual
de'sign and intention, or the accomplished re-
sult, constitutes the alleged misdemeanor.
The difficulty, however, may be obviated by
remembering that several of the original States,
almost as a condition of their respective rati-
fications of the Constitution, insisted that cer-
tain amendments of that instrument should be
adopted, which, as to the most of them, was
speedily done. The first provides that "Con-
gress shall make no law abridging the freedom
of speech." This remains in the Constitu-
tion, and is unquestionably of universal appli-
cation. It seems, therefore, that no such
misdemeanor as is charged in this article can
be committed in this country.
The eleventh article alleges in substance
that the respondent, by public speech, declared
and affirmed that the Thirty-Ninth Congress
was not a constitutional Congress, authorized
to exercise legislative power, but a Congress
of only part of the States, thereby denying
and intending to deny that its legislation was
valid or obligatory upon hitn, except in so far
as he saw fit to approve the same, and also
thereby denying and intending to deny the
power of the said Thirty-Ninth Congress to
propose amendments to-the Constitution of the
United States.
I do net perceive or admit that these alleged
intentions are proved, and in my remarks on
the preceding article have expressed the opin-
ion that declarations and affirmations made by
public speech cannot constitute a criminal
offense. This, however, is of little import-
ance, as the whole is merely introductory, and
does not constitute or greatly, if at all, affect
the charge which follows, on which the judg-
ment of the Senate must be predicated.
Giving to the language used its ordinary
meaning and construction, it is somewhat diffi-
cult to state the charge with entire certainty,
as when stated it will be seen to involve the
apparent anomaly of asserting that the re-
spondent attempted to prevent the execution
of an act of Congress by attempting to prevent
the execution of two other acts of Congress, or
rather by devising and contriving, and attempt-
ing to devise and contrive, means so to do.
But I will endeavor to state in terms whatthe
chaige is, as it appears to me, after a care-
ful and critical examination of the language
■used.
The charge, in effect, is that, in pursuance
of the said declaration, the respondent, did
SumdJilKKT—28.
■unlawfully, and in disregard of the requirement
of the Constitution, that he should take care
that the laws be faithfully executed, attempt to
prevent the execution of the tenure ofoffice
act by unlawfully devising and contriving, and
attempting to devise and contrive, means by
which he should prevent Mr. Stanton from
forthwith resuming the functions of his office,
notwithstanding the refusal of the Senate to
concur in his suspension; and also attempted
to prevent the execution of the said act by
further unlawfully devising and contriving, and
attempting to devise and oontrive, means to
prevent the execution of the Army appropria-
tion act of 18G7, and also to prevent the exe-
cution of the reconstruction act of the 2d of
March, in the same year.
As there is no specification of any "means"
so devised and contrived, and no sufficient
proof of any attempt to interfere with the ex-
ecution of the two last-mentioned acts, their
further consideration maybe dismissed. The
only specific charge remaining is the devising
and contriving, and attempting to devise and
contrive, means by which he should prevent
Mr. Stanton resuming his office under the cir-
cumstances stated; and, in fact, as the attempt-
ing to attempt to commit a misdemeanor is
rather too remote to be in itself a misdemeanor
the naked charge is that the respondent at-
tempted to prevent the execution of the ten-
ure-of-office act by devising and contriving
means, which are nowhere specified or de-
scribed, by which he should prevent Mr. Stan-
ton from forthwith resuming the functions of
his office. The proof of this charge rests
wholly upon the respondent's correspondence
with General Grant, which is in evidence, and
by which it appears that the respondent en-
deavored to induce the General, at a time pre-
vious to the correspondence, but while that
officer was authorized to perform, and was per-
forming, the duties of Secretary of War ad
interim, to keep possession of that office, and
thereby prevent Mr. Stanton's resumption of
it, or to surrender it in time to permit the
induction of 9 successor for that purpose.
This evidence, as far as it goes, is suffi-
ciently explicit, but it remains to be determ-
ined whether the respondent is, in the words
of the question to be proposed to every Sen-
ator, and to be answered by him under the
oath he has taken, "guilty or not guilty of a
high misdeireanor, as charged in this article."
It is, therefore, necessary to consider whether
the charge it contains describes a high misde-
meanor, and, if so, whether the respondent is
I guilty as charged. 4
I There can be 110 doubt that an actual pre-
I vention of the execution of a law by one whose
! duty it is to take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed is a misdemeanor, and it may
be conceded that an attempted prevention by
such a person is also a misdemeanor; but it
may bo doubted whether merely devising and
contriving means by which such prevention
might be effected is an attempt to commit the
act which constitutes the offense. " Devising"
is simply a mental operation, and while "con-
triving" may have a broader signification the
connection in which it is used here seems to
restrict it. Even with_ the light thrown upon
. these words by the evidence, as above cited,
! they appear to imply nothing more than an
I intention to effect the alleged prevention. An
! intention, not followed by any act, cannot con-
| stitute an attempt to commit a misdemeanor,
j and the question to be proposed must be
answered negatively.
i It may be remarked that the evidence further
: discloses that the object of the respondent in
his proposal to General Grant was to compel
Mr. Stanton to institute legal proceedings, by
which his right to the office, denied by the re-
spondent, could he tested. This would not
I have justified the alleged attempt had it been
I actually made, but it would have qualified the
! intention, by showing that the object was not
!' primarily to violate the law, and thus have at
| j least tended to diminish the criminality involved
II in the illegal act.
OPINION 4
OF
HON. WILLIAM M. STEWART.
A brief examination of the law will determ-
ine the character of th& President's conduct in
removing Stanton and appointing Thomas ad
interim. The act to regulate the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices supersedes all former legisla-
tion on the questions involved in that removal
and appointment. The sixth section of the act
declares—
"That every removal, appointment, or employment
made, had, or exercised contrary to the provisions of
this act, and the making, signing, sealing, counter-
signing, or issuing of any commission or letter of au-
thority for or in respect to any such appointment or
employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby de-
clau^d to be, high misdemeanors, and, upon trial and
conviction thereof, every person guilty thereof shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or by
imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both said
punishments, in the discietion of the courts."
The same penalties are imposed for issuing
orders or giving letters of authority for or ill
respect to removals and appointments which
are prohibited by law that are imposed in cases
of actual removals and appointments. It mat-
ters not whether Stanton was actually removed
or Thomas actually appointed ad interim, the
issuance of the order for the removal and the
giving of the letter of authority to Thomas are
admitted. If the power was wanting either
to remove Stanton or to appoint Thomas, the
President is guilty of a high misdemeanor, on
the admitted facts. The questions, then, to be
determined are, was the removal of Stanton
and the appointment or employment of Thomas,
or either of them, unlawful? The body ©f the
first section declares—
"That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every peison who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such office and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is, and
shall be, entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided."
This language, if unqualified by any other
provisions of the act, would extend the term
of all officers therein described (including Mr.
Stanton, Secretary of War,) until a removal
by the appointment and qualification of a suc-
cessor as therein provided. It also prescribes
the manner in which removals and appoint-
ments may be effected, and prohibits all other
modes of removals and appointments. The
term of office and the mode of vacating and
tilling office are the three distinct proposi-
tions of the body of the first section of the act.
There must be no departure from these propo-
sitions, except as therein (that is, in that act)
otherwise provided. All lormer acts of Con-
gress providing a different term or a differ-
ent mode of appointment or removal are by
this section repealed. Any practice of the
Government inconsistent with the provisions
of this law is prohibited. This dispenses with
the necessity of examining former acts or for-
mer practice concerning any matter within tho
scope and meaning of this section. There can
be no qualification to this language not found
in the act itself. It does not read, except as
the practice of the Government or former acts
of Congress may prescribe, but it does read,
except as herein otherwise provided. Can the
legislative will, in repealing former acts or
changing existing practice, be more clearly
' expressed than to declare a rule and also to
declare that it shall be the only rule? The
body of the first section clearly prohibited the
removal of Stanton and the appointment of
Thomas ad interim. If these acts were not
| in violation of law, it was because they were
| authorized by other provisions in the act itself.
The interpretation of the act, then, so far as
: it affects the President, depends upon the
; Question, what is therein oihei wise provided ?
Is it therein provided that he may do the acts
! complained of? If so, he obeyed the law ; if
' not, he violated it. The limitations or excep-
i tions upon the first section are four. Ono
;j relates to removals, one to appointments, and
ll two relate to the term of office. The former
