1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35 If)
omitted a part of the phraseology employed
a year ago in a similar amendment; it had
dropped that part of the phraseology which
gave a large sum of money to the Secretary
with which, at his option, to increase the sala-
ries of officers and clerks. I do not suppose
it was intended as a strategic movement; but
if it was, I congratulate the Senator who thought
of it upon the dexterity with which this has
been done; he divided to conquer—that was the
idea—to give it to the Senate in installments;
first, to have the Senate vote the amount of
money necessary to pay the temporary clerks,
with the idea that sixty or eighty thousand dol-
lars was to be omitted ; and then in place of
adopting the old language, and giving that sum
to the Secretary to dispense among the heads
of bureaus and clerks, under another form to
increase the appropriation for salaries, so that
now we come back to where we were last year,
and the same inequality is to be preserved.
The heads of bureaus in the Treasury Depart-
ment are to be paid an increased salary by
direct appropriation, and then the residue of
the sum as it was fixed last year is to be lodged
in the hands of the Secretary with which to
employ temporary clerks. I cannot think that
this is right; I cannot see that it is defensible
upon the merits as to those men who are here;
I cannot say that it is defensible in respect
to the invidious distinction that it establishes;
and I cannot see that it is right in its gradua-
tion of the amounts, when you remember the
differences in prices existing now and existing
at the time when the appropriation bill was
passed which provided for it last year.
I have heard it said by Senators here that
living is very expensive in Washington. Cer-
tainly it is; living is very expensive every-
where. It is expensive in the city of New
York; expensive in the city of Albany; ex-
pensive in the city of Buffalo, and in other
cities in which judges reside who perform large
services, and do not receive, many of them, a
salary as great as this. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that this cannot be defended : and
the way to avoid the injustice of excluding
other persons on the one hand or of loading
the bill with many on the other is, I submit,
to vote down this amendment, and leave the
law where it now is.
The honorable Senator from Iowa spoke of
the Commissioner of Pensions. I agree with
him entirely that he was a very pure and com-
petent man, butldid not understand, although
1 once had a talk with him on the subject, that
he resigned exclusively or chiefly on account
of the inadequacy of his pay. The Senator,
however, may have better information on that
point than I have. The Commissioner of Pat-
ents also resigned some time ago. Did he
resign on accountof the inadequacy of tliepay,
I should like to inquire?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not able to give pos-
itive information; but I think in the latter case
the officer resigned because of some misunder-
standing between him and the head of the De-
partment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But his salary is higher,
is it not?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; his salary is $4,500
a year. I will say for the information of the
Senator from New York, that I know that the
late Commissioner of Patents remained in
oflice at the request of the head of the Depart-
ment for some time after he had expressed a
desire, for privale reasons, to retire.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to ques-
tirn the Senator's statement: on the contrary,
I agree that that gentleman was a valuable offi-
cer, and that his retirement was to be deplored.
It has been said—and I was going to remark on
that point—that the salary of the Commissioner
of Patents is §4,500. So it is; and in my opin-
ion it is a most exorbitant and unreasonable
salary for any services that have been rendered
in that office for a long lime. I knew the late
Commissioner of Patents very well; I served
with him in the House of Representatives : arid
I have no hesitation in saying that any individ-
ual, or any Government which paid to him
$4,500 for any services which he rendered, or
was capable of rendering, paid a salary utterly
exorbitant, I might say ludicrously out of
proportion to the services. And so by going
through the tariff of salaries I presume we can
find many instances of hardship where salaries
are too low, and many instances such as 1 con-
ceive this one that I have spoken of last to be,
in which the salary is too high; and when we
have bills reorganizing the Departments, as I
hope we shall, Senators who are competent to
do it will, I hope, adjust this more to their own
and the public satisfaction, but for the time
being I hope we shall not enter on the course
we do when we adopt an amendment like this.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senate will not
adopt the Senator's advice at least in one par-
ticular. He requests that this amendment, be
voted down, and then that the committee's
amendment be voted down. It seems to me
it would be but doing justice to the mover of
this to put this amendment on; if the other is
right this is right, and let them stand together.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. There may be an amendment pending
which had escaped my attention. I did not
undertand that the amendment with reference
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
was pending; I spoke of the amendment re-
ported to the Senate from the Committee of
the Whole, the amendment which was adopted
upon the motion of the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. And to that is now pending
an amendment to put the Commissioner of the
General Land Office in the same category with
the Auditors of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. 'Then I am very glad to
concur with my friend that if the amendment
is to be adopted that officer ought to be added
to it. I think it would be grossly unjust to
exclude him. My proposition is to vote down
the entire amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. , I have a few words to say
in regard to these officers, but not in regard
to the particular case pointed out by the Sen-
ator from New York. If in the opinion of
the Senate or of any Senator the present Regis-
ter of the Treasury is not a good officer and
ought not to have this increase of salary ex-
tended to him, I have not the slightest dispo-
sition to include his case. My own impression
is that the present incumbent is a good officer,
and is attending to his duties faithfully and
honestly and very vigilantly ; but at the same
time I do not wish to embarrass this proposition
by the fact that, as it stands, he will be a bene-
ficiary under it. He has never applied for an
increase of salary, never alluded to it any way,
directly or indirectly, so far as I know, to any
member of the committee. This effort has
been made chietly for the benefit of the Comp-
trollers and Auditors, and we confine the
amendment simply to that class of officers who
are the heads of bureaus in the Treasury De-
partment; but I should be perfectly willing, if
any Senator has any doubt about it, to confine
it solely to the Comptrollers and Auditors. I
will state now the reason why we did not ex-
tend it to the Assistant Secretary of tho Treas-
ury and to the Assistant Secretaries of the
various Departments.
These Assistant Secretaries do not perform
judicial duties. Their functions, ah hough
their name is quite high sounding, are far Jess
important than those of the Comptrollers and
Auditors.
Mr. HARLAN. Allow me to say to the
Senator that he errs greatly as to the duties
assigned to the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not speaking of him.
Mr. HARLAN. His duties require him to
supervise, to some extent, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am speaking of the
Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury and tho
Assistant Postmasters General. Senators will
remember that the Comptrollers and Auditors
are really judges. They actually have at times
to resist the decisions of the respective Houses
of Congress until the mandate comes to them
in the form of a law. They resist even the
action of the executive authorities. The Comp-
troller has frequently resisted the decisions of
the Secretary of the Treasury himself. They
are independent judicial officers to protect the
Treasury, without whose official sanction no
money can be drawn from the Treasury even
upon the requisition of other officers. They
are officers of a judicial character, performing
important judicial functions, and therefore they
are older in grade and higher in rank than an
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury or of any
Department.
It is only recently that the heads of Depart-
ments have had Assistant Secretaries. They
are new officers. Legally, they are nothing
but chief clerks of the Secretary or head of the
Department. The character of duties imposed
on them is not the same as on these other offi-
cers. True, if there is a vacancy in the office
of head of the Department, they may tempo-
rarily till that office; but while they are dis-
charging their ordinary duties, their office is
simply that of a deputy or a leading chief clerk
of the Secretary or head of Department, while
the Comptrollers and Auditors have to perform
higher functions, independent functions im-
posed on them by law, often in antagonism
even to the head of the Department. We have
in the Treasury Department six Auditors.
None of them are selected with a view to pol-
itics ; and so with the three Comptrollers ;
and yet it happens that these officers agree in
political opinion with a majority of the Senate,
all of them, I believe, though there may per-
haps be one or two exceptions. VThey were
most of them appointed years ago,*during Mr.
Lincoln's administration. They are admitted
to be able and excellent officers. There are
Mr. Taylor and Mr. Brodhead and Mr. Sar-
gent; and the Auditors are all men of capacity
and ability.
It must be remembered that these officers
have for the last three years by law received a
higher salary than the annual compensation
fixed by the old acts; that is to say, authority
has been conferred upon the Secretary of the
Treasury for three years to make them an
additional allowance, and that has been done.
They have actually been drawing $4,500 and
§4,000 a year, precisely the amount that we
now propose to give them by law, so that this
proposition is not to increase their salaries as
to them, but is simply to provide in a different
mode what they have received for the last
three years. We have the personal statement
of these officers that their salary is totally inad-
equate for the support of themselves and their
families living here in a plain, homely style ;
and we all know the fact that upon §3,000 a
year a man occupying their position would
have great difficulty in making the ends meet.
Now, is it necessary for the United States of
America, in tho present condition of affairs,
to starve out these officers who guard the
Treasury of the nation, who perform the high-
est judicial functions, whose duties every day
are of the highest importance, and reduce their
salaries ? This is not a proposition for an
increase of salaries. It is a proposition to
continue the pay that for three years has been
given to them with your knowledge and by the
sanction of law.
I submit to Senators whether under these,
circumstances you ought to embarrass a prop-
osition of this kind, which has been examined
by one ofyour committees, and made known
more than a month ago to the Committee on
Appropriations, by adding to it other provisions.
Suppose it is true that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and the Assistant
Postmasters General, and the Commissioner of
Pensions receive too low a salary? By the
rule of the Senate you cannot provide for them
in this bill without giving the requisite notice.
, If it is necessary to provide for them, notice
j can now be given, and the increase can be
j voted on the miscellaneous appropriation bill,
1 or any of the other appropriation bills that are
