3516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
coming up; but the officers whose cases are
covered by this amendment have been provided
for, according to our rules, by an amendment
carefully considered, and an amendment which
appeals to the good sense of every Senator.
There is one other consideration that I desire
to suggest. There is already a great jealousy
and a great feeling naturally in the Treasury
Department on account of the inequality of
the salaries in that Department. The officers
created by recent laws receive higher salaries
than those whose offices date longer back. For
instance, the Treasurer of the United States,
General Spinner, an officer of the highest
character, gets $0,500 a year. Can any man say
that General Spinner's duties are any more
important than those of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury, whose signature is required
oil every paper ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to the
Senator, with regard to the Treasurer, that his
salary was fixed on an entirely different prin-
ciple ; and that is, his personal responsibility
for money, which is very large, for which he
gives very heavy bond, and it was thought his
salary should be somewhat in proportion to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must not
understand me as complaining of the amount
paid to General Spinner, because I think his
services are worth to the United States much
more than his salary.
Mr. CHANDLER. Allow me to suggest that
the Treasurer of the United States gives a bond
in the amount of $5,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will waive that
case. I have no doubt General Spinner earns
his salary. But take the case of the Comp-
troller of the Currency: there is an officer with
no pecuniary responsibility, who gives no bond.
He is a man of unquestioned ability, who has
risen from a subordinate place in the Depart-
ment until he occupies his present position with
conceded ability. His salary is $5,000. The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue has a salary
of $(>,000. Here are the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue and the Comptroller of the
Currency, neither of whom performs anything
like the responsible duties of cither of the
Comptrollers proper of the Treasury, getting a
much larger salary. Is it not something to a
man of pride and feeling that those whose
accounts he must supervise, who cannot draw
any money from the Treasury until their judg-
ment and their action is passed upon by him,
should receive a higher salary than he does
himself? Is that right? Does it not tend to
create that want of esprit du corps, that sense
of wounded honoi, which every member of the
Senate would feel under similar circumstances?
Would I be willing to perform at a lower salary
higher duties? would I be willing that a man
should perform subordinate duties to me, and
that 1 should supervise and control his conduct,
and yet he receive a greater salary than I ? If
so, it must be an admission on my part that I
am unfit to receive the salary proportioned to
the duties I perform. That is this ease.
Go into the other Departments, and you find
that the heads of bureaus in the War Depart-
ment now receive under law $7,105 ayear, and
jet every account passed upon by the Quarter-
master General, the Paymaster General, the
Commissary General, and the Surgeon Gen-
eral must pass under the supervision of these
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
*m eut. _ These bureau officers are in that sense
subordinate, because the accounting officers
perform judicial functions over them, finally
act on what they do, and yet these bureau
officers in the War Department receive nearly
twice the compensation of the First Comp-
troller. The reason is this: the first office
created in the Treasury Department after that
of the Secretary of the Treasury was the
Comptroller of the Treasury. The very name
imports the character of the office. The second
officers are Auditors. These are independent
judicial officers. They were created a long
time back. The office of Comptroller was cre-
ated in 1799, and the pay was then fixed at
$3,500 a year, and there it stands yet. It has
been filled by Elislia Whittlesey, and by some
of the ablest and best men this country lias
ever produced. The salary was established
seventy years ago on a gold standard, at $3,500,
the same amount that you now pay to R. W.
Taylor, when money has not half the purchas-
able value it had when the salary was fixed. _ So
with the Auditors; the salary of an Auditor
was fixed fifty years ago, in 1817, at $3,000. It
was then higher than the salary of ail the other
officers around them ; but now new offices have
been created, new wants have been supplied,
new salaries have been fixed by law, and in
accordance with the liberal spirit of the times,
the changed value of money, and the expanded
wealth of the country, Congress lias given more
liberal salaries ; and now, when these old and
faithful officers, performing the highest func-
tions in this Government, come here and ask
to be put upon something like a footing of
equality with those who perforin even minor
duties in their own Department, is it worth
while to tell them that their pay will keep body
and soul together? Is it right to say that the
First Comptroller of the Treasury ought not to
receive as much as the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency? One controls the whole Treasury,
passes upon every account, directly or indi-
rectly ; the other controls the currency of six-
teen hundred banks. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue collects between two and
three hundred millions of money a year. It
is a very important office ; but the Comptroller
of the Treasury has to pass upon the accounts
for every dollar thus collected, besides all the
other money brought into the Treasury from
customs and other sources.
It seemed to me for these reasons, when this
matter came up before the Committee on
Finance, that this was one of those plain, pal-
pable cases of injustice where, while we did
not want to enter upon any general indiscrim-
inate increase of salaries, provision must be
made for the Auditors and Comptrollers. As
I said before, if, in the opinion of Senators,
the Register (who, I concede, is an olficer of
no more importance than the head of a bureau
in any other Department) and the Solicitor of
the Treasury ought not to be included among
the Auditors and the Comptrollers, strike them
off. I do not appear here to plead for the
interests of any particular officer ; but I do say
that as to the accounting officers you ought to
do justice to them, even if you are not able now
to do justice to other meritorious officers of the
Government. As soon as we come back to
specie payments and lower prices, as soon as
we settle down upon the peace basis, I have no
doubt the whole civil list will be revised, and
these officers will be scaled according to the
nature of their services ; but in the mean time
we ought not to lower the compensation paid
to these high officers ; and as we have now
taken away from the Secretary of the'Treasury
the power to give them $1,000 a year extra,
which has been allowed by Secretary Chase, and
Secretary Fessenwsn", and Secretary McCul-
loch, which enabled the Secretaries to equalize
the salaries to some extent, we ought not to
reduce their pay to the injusticeand detriment
of high officers of the Government, whose
responsibility and integrity no man can ques-
tion or deny.
I know from men, wlio would not speak a
falsehood, that in regard to some of these offi-
cers they will not be able to continue in the
discharge of their duties unless they have some-
thing like a compensation sufficient to main-
tain them with manly and reasonable inde-
pendence. Some of these men have large
families. You cannot always compare the
exercise of duties by these officers with the
performance of mere clerical duties, because
there are obligations resting on these officers
that do not rest on clerks and others. It may
not be very pleasant, but it is true that official
station brings with it obligations, and the higher
that station the stronger those obligations are.
It may cost, no more to feed with bread a
1 Comptroller of the Treasury than it does the
poorest clerk; but still there are obligations
resting upon him, from the nature of his office,
his social duty, his social position, which im-
poses upon him an expenditure that is not
demanded of others. And, sir, unless you are
blind to a fact which we know exists at all
times and in all ages and among all conditions
of men in every form of government, there is
a distinction made in salaries as to the charac-
ter of employment, the nature of the service,
the responsibility and the intelligence required
for the discharge of the duties. No man is fit
to be Comptroller or Auditor who could not, in
private life, in private business, get a larger
salary than even the amount you now propose
to give.
With these considerations I shall leave the
matter entirely to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the object
of the speech'made by the honorable Senator
who has just taken his seat is to show the
Senate that it should vote to continue, as he
describes it, the salary to the Comptroller and
Auditors of the Treasury, to now put in the
form of a regular salary the amount they have
been heretofore receiving in the shape of sal-
ary and annual allowance in addition thereto;
and also to convince the Senate that, in order
that that may be done the pending amendment
should not be adopted.
I listened with some attention to the hon-
orable Senator, and I indorse in the most
thorough manner everything that he said of
the Comptrollers of the Treasury and the
justice of allowing them the salary proposed,
if my friend were equally candid and equally
generous and equally informed (as he may be) in
regard to the duties'performed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, I undertake
to say that he would not have made the speech
that lie has with the purpose of defeating the
pending amendment. He has described to us
the judicial character of the functions per-
formed by the Comptrollers of the Treasury.
I agree with him that they are of the most
important character. I know how earnestly
the honorable Senator from Ohio has spoken
and feels on this question.
I repeat again that I agree with him, but that
he does great injustice to the pending propo-
sition without, perhaps, intending to do so.
There are no duties performed by the Comp-
trollers of the Treasury that transcend in im-
portance the duties performed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. His is
essentially both a judicial and an administra-
tive position. There is not a preemption claim
belonginging to a citizen in this broad land
that is not passed upon by that officer. There
is not a claim for a grant of land but that the
piles and heaps of papers are passed upon by
iiiin and examined and decided. Millions upon
millions of dollars worth of property are de-
termined by that officer constantly and continu-
ously ; and I think that there is not a Senator
in Congress, nor a member of the other House,
who would acquaint himself with the duties
that officer performs and the manner in which
they are performed and the length of time
required in their performance, who would not
agree at once to compensate him fairly and
enable him to live as a gentleman should.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio depre-
cates the adoption of this pending amendment
lest it should affect the amendment he proposed
and which was adopted in committee. I regret
to see this. 1 know that it is not in any spirit
of defending the officers that belong to the
Treasury Department, but it is because the
honorable Senator from Ohio, chairman of the
B'inance Committee, is so well informed touch-
ing the duties of the officers of the Treasury
Department, with which he is so intimately
connected.
I might appeal to my friend, the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hexdkiuks,] touching the
character of the duties and functions performed
by the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice. I think that it is due to all the officers
that we should courageously determine which
of them should have an increase of salary, and
