434
SUPPLEMENT TO
are contained in the^second section, and the
latter are found in the' fourth section and the
proviso to the first. The second section reads
as follows: , .
"That when any officer appointed as aforesaid, ex-
cepting judges of the United States courts, shall dur-
iiig a recess - of tho .Senate be shownr by evidence
satisfactory to the President, to be guilty of miscon-
jii-.±-m ^ n«fAi«ninr uholl hnf>/itni
in-such caao* and in no other, the President may sus-
pend snob officer and designate some suitable person
to perform, temporarily the duties of such office until
the'next 'meeting of the Senate, and until the case
shall be acted.upon by the Senate; and such person
so designated shall take the oaths and give the bonds
required by law, to be taken and given by the person
duty appointed to fill such office; and in such case it
shall be the duty of the President within twenty days
after the first day of such nextineeting of the Senate,
to report to tho Senate such suspension, with the evi-
dence and reasons for his action in the case, and tho
namo-of the porson so designated to perform the du-
ties of such office. And if the Senate shall conetfpin
such suspension and advise and consent to the re-
moval of such officer, they shall so certify to the Pres-
ident, who may thereupon remove such officer, and
by and with the advico and consent of the Senate,
appoint another person to such office. Butif the Sen-
ate shall refuse to fconcur in such suspension, such
officer so suspended shall forthwith resume tho func-
tions of his office, and the powers of tho person so
performing its duties inhisstead shall cease, and the
official salary and emoluments of such officer shall,
during such suspension, belong to the person so per-
forming the duties ihoroof, and not to tho officer so
suspended."
The emphatic language is "in such case and
no other" the President may suspend and des-
ignate a person to perform the duties of said
office temporarily. This suspension and tem-
porary appointment limit two of tho general
propositions in the first section, first, a tempo-
rary removal may be made by tho President
alone at the times and in the cases therein pro-
vided, but in 110 other. This limits the first
section, so that in substance the act declares
that 110 person now in office, or who may here-
after be in office by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall he removedby the
President alone without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate to the appointment of a .suc-
cessor, except in recess of the Senate, when the
President may suspend for the causes set forth
in the second section of this act, and in no
other case whatever. The other general propo-
sition of thefirst section, which is limited by the
second section, relates to appointments.
Upon the question of appointment to an
office held by another, the first and second sec-
tions contain all existing statutory regulations.
The substance of these two sections bearing
upon the question under consideration is, that
no person shall be appointed by the President
alone to an office where there is tio vacancy,
and which office is, by law, to be filled by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
without such advico and consent, except iu
eases of suspension in the rcecss of the Senate
arising under the provisions of the second
section of this act, and in such case and no
other the President may make temporary ap-
pointment, as therein provided. The tempo-
rary suspension and appointmentarc limitations
upon the positive language of the fust section,
and are qualifications therein otherwise pro-
vided, and the only qualifications anywhere
appearing in the act to the general rule requir-
ing the advice and consent of the Senate to an
appointment, and prohibiting all removals,
except through such appointment. It is true
the removal is not complete, but it is the first
step towards it, and is an actual suspension
from office without the advice and consent of
the Senate to the appointment of a successor;
and it is also true that the appointment is only
temporary, but the appointee, contrary to the
provisions of the first section, enters upon the
discharge of the duties of the office without
any action of the Senate.
This is all the statutory law which bears upon
the question under consideration, namely, the
removal of Stanton and the appointment of
Thomas ad interim, and it positively prohibits
that removal and appointment by tire Presi-
dent alone. The President recognized the
binding force of this law in the suspension of
Stanton and appointment of General Grant ad
interim, and in several other cases, and liis
subsequent disregard of its plain'provisions
cannot be pleaded as an inadvertence. The
two other exceptions to the first section do not
relate to the mode of vacating or filling office,
which is the subject of inquiry, but to the term
of office. The only reason for an examination
of tliese exceptions in this connection is to
exclude any inference that provision is made in
the act either for removing Stanton or appoint-
ing Thomas ad interim.
The fourth section reads as follows:
" That nothing in this act contained shall bo con-
strued to extend the term of any office tho duration
of which is limited by law."
This section leaves unchanged the term of
office as fixed by law, notwithstanding the gen-
eral language of the first section that such term
shall extend until the appointment and quali-
fication of a successor. The proviso contains
the other limitation, and relates to the term
of certain designated offices, but contains no
exception to the general rule as to removals
or appointments. The language is:
"Provided, That the Secretary of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and tho Attorney General,
shall hold their olTicos respectively for and during
the term of tho President by whom they may havo
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with tho advice and consent
of tho Senate."
Nothing is more certain than that this pro-
viso is silent both as to removals and appoint-
ments by the President alone. The proviso
fixes a limit on the term of the offices therein
named, but makes no other exception. If it
be contended that the language is obscured,
how does that obscurity help Ae President, for
no possible construction can make it confer
the authority to do what is prohibited in the
body of the section, namely, to remove an
officer and appoint another to fill his place ad
interim without the advice and consent of the
Senate. When the President found that he
was prohibited from removing, suspending, or
appointing, except as in said act provided, it
was enough for him to know that nothing in
the act authorized him to remove Stanton and
appoint Thomas ad interim. Stanton's ap-
pointment was for au indefinite term, and ho
was still in office on the 21st day of February,
1808. It makes no difference what his term
of office was, or by whom appointed. The
mode adopted to put him out was prohibited.
There is no reason, in view of the conduct of
tho parties or the language of the law, to sup-
port the suggestion that the law was retroact-
ive, and operated to terminate Stanton's office
one month after Johnson became President.
Such a construction would not only be incon-
sistent with the whole conduct of the Presi-
dent in recognizing Stanton as Secretary of
War, but would be in violation of the well-
established rule of statutory construction that
no law shall have a retroactive effect, unless
the will of the law-making power bo so clearly
expressed as to be wholly inconsistent with
any other interpretation. This law, without
any violation of language or principles of con-
struction, applies to the present and to the
future, and was so understood, until it became
important to changc or pervert its obvious
meaning.
The President understood the law on the 2d
of March, 1807, when he sent his veto message
to Congress. (Page 38 of liecord.)
lie says in that message, " In effect the bill
provides that the President shall not remove
from their places any of the civil officers whose
terms of service are not limited bylaw without
the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States." Then it included any civil
officers whatever. Now it includes some and
excludes others.
I am aware that a constitutional question
has been raised upon the denial of the right of
the President to remove from office, which I
need not discuss after the repeated votes of the
Senate affirming the constitutional validity of
such a law. But no one has contended or will
contend that the President could make any
.appointment, for any temporary purpose what-
ever, without the authority of law, and he
certainly cannot do so against a plain statute.
The issuance of the letter of authority for the
appointment or employment of Thomas is ex-
pressly declared to be a misdemeanor. It is
no answer to the admitted constitutional power
of Congress to pass the law to say that cases
might arise in which it might be inconvenient
if the President were deprived of the right to
fill temporary vacancies. That would be a
matter for the legislative department to decide,
and besides no such case had arisen when
Thomas was appointed or employed, but, on tho
contrary, Mr. Stanton was in office and fully
qualified to discharge the duties of the Depart-
ment of War. It is no excuse for violating a
law to say that cases may arise when the law
would work inconveniences, particularly when
no inconvenience exists in the given case. No
precedent has been found in the history of the
Government for the removal of Stanton and
the appointment of Thomas ad interim. They
are in direct violation of the Constitution and
cannot be justified or excused by practice, if
such practice has existed.
Usurpation is not to be tolerated against tho
express provisions of written law and against
the protest of the Senate after mature consider-
ation. I regard the removal of Stanton and
the appointment of Thomas as parts of the
same transaction. The two acts, taken to-
gether, in defiance of law and the decision of
the Senate, constitute a bold and deliberate
attempt to dispense with the provision of the
Constitution which makes-the advice and con-
sent of the Senate necessary to the appoint-
ment to office. For if the President can re-
move the Secretary of War and appoint a per-
son ad interim to fill the place the advice aiid
consent of the Senate are of no consequence.
This would authorize him to remove all execu-
tive officers, civil and military, and put per-
sons into these offices suitable to his purposes,
who might remain in office indefinitely. He
might or he might not nominate to the Senate.
If ho should condescend to do so he might
nominate the persons holding ad interim, and
tho Senate could only choose whether it would
confirm the nominees or let the same persons
continue ad interim. The Senate could in that
case choose as to the character of the commis-
sions, but would have no voice as to the char-
acter of the officers. But suppose tho Pres-
ident should nominate different persons from
the ad interim appointees, which persons
would, of course, be also tho choice of the
Executive, and in that event the Senate might
confirm or allow tho ad interim officers to con-
tinue to discharge tho duties of the respective
offices. In that case the Senate would have
the poor privilege of choosing between two
instruments of the President. If this can be
done in the case of the Secretary of War it can
be done in all cases of executive offices, civil
and military. The whole power of the Gov-
ernment would then he in the hands of one
man. He could then have his tools in all the
offices, through whom alone the civil and mil-
itary power of the United States could be ex-
ercised. To acquit Andrew Johnson is to
affirm this power in the present and all future
Presidents.
The motives of the President in deliberately
violating law cannot be considered. Such a
defense might be set up in every criminal case.
He does not claim that he did not intend to
issue the order for the removal of Stanton and
issue the letter for the appointment of Thomas
ad interim. If either of these acts was a mis-
demeanor, he intended to commit a misde-
meanor. The question of intention or motive
can only be material where doubt exists as to
voluntary or deliberate character of the offense.
My conclusion is that the President deliber-
ately violated the law both in issuing the order
for the removal of Stanton and in giving the
letter of authority to Thomas, and that all the
articles involving a charge of either of those
acts ought to be sustained if we desire to pre-
serve the just balance of the coordinate depart-
ments of the Government and vindicate the
authority of law.
