THE COM£®ISSI0J?AL ©LOBE.
4
OPINION
OF
f. HON. JAMES HARLAN.
'1 In tlie first article of impeachment the
;Jf ouse of Representatives accuse Andrew J ohn-
ison, President of the United States, of the
commission of "a high misdemeanor in office,"
•|l  issuing an order, daring the session of the
Senate, for the removal of Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretary of the Department of War, from said
office, February 21, 1868, in violation of the
Constitution and of an act entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
approved March 2, 1867.
The President in his answer to this article,
presented to the Senate March 23,1868, admits
| that he did remove said Stanton from said
office by suspending him August 12, 1867, and
by making it absolute and perpetual, as per
order dated February 21, 1868; and justifies
the act of removal by asserting—
_ "That the Constitution of the United States confers
on the President" * * * "the power
at any and all times of removing from office all execu-
tive officers for-cause. to be judged of by the President
alone," and that " the Congress could not deprive him
thereof."—Impeachment Record, p. 23.
. It is proper to observe in the beginning that
the President does not justify under any exist-
ing statute—that of 1789, creating the Depart-
ment of War, or any other. lie admits the
;act of removal, and claims that it was not
i high misdemeanorin office alleging that
I" the Constitution confers on him the absolute
ami exclusive right to remove all executive
officers at discretion, whether the Senate be
;i in session or not, and admitting the existence
-• of an act of Congress prohibiting it, the act
F; of removal was, nevertheless, legal, because,
■■ in his opinion, Congress had. no right, under
f the Constitution, to prohibit, to regulate, or in
f a y way to interfere with the exercise of this
executive function.
T That is the issue joined under the first ar-
f. tide, which brings us necessarily to an exam-
? ination of the provisions of the Constitution
which are supposed to clothe the President
with this exclusive authority to make removals
- from office.
. The Constitution does not anywhere, in
!- terms, confer on the President the authority to
make removals; nor does it anywhere confer
on him this right by necessary implication.
It does confer on him the qualified, right to
make appointments.
The. second clause of the second section of
article two of the Constitution provides that—
"He shall nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supremo Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whoseappointmentsare notherein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established bylaw."
It also provides that—
" Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
And the last clause of this section provides
that—
"The President shall have power to .fill up all
vaeancics that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire
. at the end of their next session."
I It is therefore clear that the President is
|"; clothed by direct grant of the Constitution
with the absolute, unrestrained, and exclusive
[-• right to make appointments to fill vacancies
[1" temporarily which may happen during the re-
I _ cmoftheSenate,andwithtlieg'ttaZ'(/2ec2rightto
make permanent appointments during the ses-
fsions of the Senate ; but he is not clothed with
f the authority by direct grant to make removals
f': either in the recess or during the sessions of
the Senate.
r ' Nor does the President appear to be vested
I- with the exclusive authority to make removals
t;. by any necessary implication, or by any neces-
sary construction of any other clause of the
|* -Constitution.
pi > It is sometimes argued that the right to re-
g niove is a necessary incident or eoncomitant of
the right to appoint. But this is begging the
very question at issue. Is it a necessary inci-
dent of the power to appoint? If so, why
is it so ? May not the act of appointment .be
distinct and separate from the act of removal?
If not—if they must necessarily go together—
if they must necessarily be performed by the
same party or parties—if they are necessary
concomitants of each other, it will follow irre-.
sistibly that the President, having the exclu-
sive and absolute authority to make temporary
appointments to fill vacancies during the re-
cess of the Senate, may make removals during
the recess; and as he is clothed only with a
qualified right to make appointments during
the session, the right to remove during the
session of the Senate must be qualified by the
same limitations. To assert the contrary would
involve the absurdity of insisting that theinci-
dent is superior to the principle; that the
implied power is greater than the direct grant;
or, to apply the reasoning in physics, it would
be to assert that the reflected light from another
surface may be superior to the direct solar ray—
that the momentum of a flying projectile is
greater than the original force from which it
derived its motion. It is clear, therefore, as it
seems to me, if the right of removal is an inci-
dent of the right to appoint—if the two acts
must go together—if all the authority possessed
by the President to remove an officer is derived
from the grant of authority to appoint, and if
the power to appoint during the sessions of the
Senate is qualified depending on the "advice
and.consent of the Senate," it must follow that
the authority to remove during the sessions is
in like manner qualified and dependent on the
advice and consent of the Senate.
But if the power of appointment and the
power of removal are separate functions, it
would have been possible for the framers of
the Constitution to have conferred on the Pres-
ident the authority to perform the one and to
have withheld from him the authority to per-
form the other. Conferring on him the right
to appoint, they might have left the power to
remove in abeyance, to be regulated by law, or
might have conferred the latter authority on
some other officer or department of the Gov-
ernment.
And, if it should be found on examination
that the authority to remove officers of the
United States or any of them has been vested
by the Constitution in some other organ of the
Government, it would seem to raise a very
strqng presumption that it was not the inten-
tion of the framers to confer this authority, as
to them, on the President.
Now, by reference to the fourth section of
article two of the Constitution it will be seen
that the authority to remove all civil officers is
vested in the Senate. It directs that—
"The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States shall be removed .from office
on impeachment for and conviction of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
The sixth clause of the third section of
article one provides that—
" The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments."
This, if it were a new question, would seem
to make it clear that the President could not
make removal of civil officers. The Constitu-
tion does not confer the right on him by any
direct grant, and does confer the power indirect
terms on the Senate to remove all civil officers,
and, if they should see proper, to disqualify
them ever afterward from the right to hold
office under the United States.
The implied right of the President to make
removals at discretion is sometimes claimed
under the third section of article three of the
Constitution, which provides that the President
"shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed." It is insisted that the President
must exercise the power of removing unfaith-
ful, incompetent, and corrupt_ officers in order
to secure "the faithful execution of the laws."
But if this is a correct construction, if being
charged with seeing that the laws are faithfully
i executed necessarily vests in him the right to
remove anfaitMul officers at his own disore 
tion, he may remove judicial as wellas executive
officers; the judges of the Supreme Court as
well as the heads of Executive Departments* If
not, why not? It may be said that the Constitu-
tion provides that'' the judges, both of the Su-
preme and inferior courts, shall hold their
offices during good behavior." , But who shall
judge of their "behavior," wlieth er it be good
or bad? If in the President's opinion the
judges do behave badly; if in his ©pinion, on
account of their malfeasance or misfeasance m
office, he could not faithfully execute the laws,
why may he not remove them ? It may be said
that the Constitution does not in terms confer
on the President the right to remove thera
even for cause, however flagrant, and does con-
fer the power on the Senate by impeachment.
1 answer that it does not confer on the Presi-
dent in express terms the right to remove other
officers, even for cause, and that it does confer
this right on the Senate to remove the latter as
well as judges. In this respect the judges are
not exceptional.
It may be said, however, that, although the
Constitution does not vest the power to remove
all other civil officers for impeachable offenses
in the Senate, it does not provide that they
shall not bo removed in some other mode.orby
some other officer or department of the Gov-
ernment. I answer, nor does the Constitution
provide that judges shall not be removed in any
other mode, or by any other officer or depart-
ment of the Government. It simply says that
the judges shall hold their offices during good
behavior. When they behave badly they may
be removed. They may be removed for im-
peachable offenses, like all other civil officers,
by the Senate. And if clothing the Senate
with power to remove other civil officers does
not, by implication, deprive the President of
the authority to remove them when, in his
opinion, the faithful execution of the laws may
require it, by what process of reasoning can it
be claimed that the judges can be removed by
the Senate only? The Constitution does not
say so. It does not prohibit the removal of
the judges by the President. And if he find
that a judge is corrupt, willfully misinterprets
the laws, or refuses to adjudicate cause, and
if Congress should not be in session, or, being
in session, should refuse or neglect to remove
him by impeachment, why may not the Presi-
dent do it? If it is conceded that he may
remove a Secretary of War at discretion, either
during the session of the Senate or in the re-
cess, under that clause of the Constitution
which makes it his duty " to see that the laws
are faithfully executed," why may he not,
under the same clause, remove a judge for what
he may consider gross misconduct?
There can be but one answer. The practice
of the Government has sanctioned the removal
of other civil officers by the President at will
during the recess of the Senate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate dur-
ing its session ; and no President has yet ven-
tured on the exercise of the authority to remove
judges of the courts of the United States. The
distinction has no sanction in reason, or in the
well-settled rules of legal construction.
But if the President is clothed by the Con-
stitution " with power at any a aA all times (dar-
ing the session as well as in the recess) of re-
moving from office all executive officers for
cause to be judged of by the President alone,"
and if, as he claims in his answer, "the Con-
gress could not deprive him thereof," may he
not also remove at discretion officers of the
Army and Navy? And if not, why not?
The Constitution does not fix their tenure of
office. It makes no distinction between them
and civil officers (other than judges) in this
respect. They are all appointed under that
clause of the Constitution, heretofore recited,
which provides that the President "shall nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint," "all officers of
the United States," and all-other provisions
which say that Congress shall have power " to
raise and support armies" and "to pfovida.
