1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
That is, not a dollar can be drawn out of the
Treasury except upon an account, upon a war-
rant, upon the certificate of the proper Auditor,
upon the counter-certificate of the Comptroller,
and, I believe, the counter-signature of the Re-
gister upon the final warrant. It is true that a
member of Congress who is devoting himself to
his country here may wake up some fine morn-
ing and find that $100 has been^paid to a
counsel for defending a suit down in Geor-
gia, and that he has got the money; but if
the member goes to the books of the Treas-
ury he will find the vouchers, the warrants, the
certificates of the Auditors and the Comptrol-
lers, and the counter-signature of the Register,
and everything which will enable him to take
the proper steps to punish any misdeed in
respect to the paying of that money, because
it all has to go through the iron provisions that
are set up as the guards for all appropriations,
just as the appropriations for collecting the
revenue do.
Mr. CONIiLING. Suppose the amendment
does not become a law, how does the Senator
think these expenses will then be paid?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They never will be paid
until Congress provides for their payment.
Mr. CONKL1NG. How does the Senator
think, in the absence of this provision, that
would be done, in the ordinary course of
things?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the payment
would be made by exactly such language as
that contained in the amendment, unless it
were done on the report of the Committee on
Claims, each man bringing in his bill here.
If that course is not pursued payment will be
made by just such language as this provision
contains put upon some bill at some time or
other.
Mr. CONKLING. In other words, although
we differ now as to the precise way in which
it would be done, if the Senator bo right, the
action would be based upon the very data in
the case; the appropriation would be made
upon a presentation of the accounts properly
made out and properly authenticated, which
would be the basis of legislation. Now, the
proposition is to provide a round sum in ad-
vance, and leave it to the discretion of au
officer to determine what accounts, in the first
place, are to be created, and, in the second
place, what accounts are to be allowed and
paid: and there is the point of objection, in
part, it seems to me.
But, sir, I do not wish to detain the Senate.
I cannot vote for the amendment, for one, in
the case of the Secretary of the Treasury, nor
will I in the ease of anytjther officer.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to make any
opposition to this amendment. I said in the
first place that I thought we had better agree
to it. Last March, I believe, the House of
Representatives passed a joint resolution re-
quiring whatever money was left from this fund
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to be covered into the Treasury. Thatjoint
resolution has not yet got through the Senate.
I have never understood that anybody in the
Senate was opposed to it. I think that the
Finance Committee found that the Secretary of
the Treasury was not quite ready to yield it,
and so it lingered along until finally the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment came to the support
of the Committee on Finance to try to get this
thing through and to get the assent of the Sen-
ate to a proposition that nobody objected to;
and at last it comes to this, that the joint res-
olution had better go accompanied by an ap-
propriation of a simple $100,000, conscien-
tiously, however, taking it out of this particular
fund rather than out of the general funds of
'the Treasury, to be disposed of in defending
suits. And the Senator from "Vermont says that
it is very unfair not to'make this appropriation ;
that the Secretary is being sued and harassed
and worried to death all over the country; and
that we should make an appropriation to take
care of him. I agree with that statement just
as it is made. I regret more than I can very
well tell that the Secretary should be so nearly
harassed to death, as it is said he is. I was
astonished to hear it. 1 wanted the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, or the Committee on
Finance, or the two combined, to tell us how
this was brought about, how i-t happened that
the Secretary of the Treasury was being sued
from one end of the country to the other. The
Senator from Vermont undertook to explain
that, and I am bound to suppose he has ex-
plained it. He explains it, however, upon a
legal theory which he concedes does not exist
in Wisconsin—is not recognized there. He
admits that there persons do not sue principal
and agent together, but he says they do every-
where else; and so I suppose we are bound to
infer that the Secretary is sued jointly with all
his deputies and assistants, or rather with these
special agents all over the country.
I did not understand before that anywhere
in the country it was the practice to sue prin-
cipal and agent together; but if the Senator
from Vermont says that is the law everywhere
but in Wisconsin of course I shall not con-
tradict him. So much I have learned in the
progress of this debate. I still venture to state
to the Senator and to others that I do not think
these special Treasury agents are agents of Mr.
McCulloch; and I think it would be a case of
misjoinder to join Mr. McCulloch, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with one of them, even
if the principal ordinarily could be joined in a
suit against the agent. I do not understand
them to bo agents of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; they are agents of the Government. Mr.
McCulloch is another agent of the Government.
If a Treasury agent is sued and the principal
can be joined with him, then the plaintiffs in
these suits should join the Government, and I
suppose, upon the theory of practice suggested
here by the Senator from Vermont, should take
their chances of arresting either the agent or
the Government. I wonder they have not
adopted that kind of practice.
Mr. President, the Senator asks what differ-
ence does it make if the agent is sued, are
wo not under just as much obligation to take
care of him as of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury if lie is sued? Perhaps we are. Perhaps
we are under no obligation to take care of the
suits against cither ; il would depend upon the
circumstances under which they were com-
menced and the nature of the relief sought
against them. But it makes this difference: I
do not think it is a candid treatment of the
Senate for gentlemen to get up here and tell
us about the Secretary's being harassed and
sued to death all over the country, and when
asked to point out where the suits were
commenced, when they were commenced, or
how service was effected, to turn around and
tell us it is just as important to defend the
agent as to defend the Secretary. Accuracy
of statement, I do think, should have required
the Committee oil Retrenchment, who we are
told have been investigating this subject for
months, to distinguish at least between suits
commenced against the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury and suits commenced against a special
agent. I do not think there is any such theory
of practice recognized, at least in the rebel-
lious revolting States, as that insisted upon by
the Senator lro.m Vermont. I do not think
there men can sue an agent of the Govern-
ment appointed under this law and join with
him the Secretary of the Treasury and attach
the property of the Secretary of'the Treasury,
or arrost the Secretary of the Treasury when
he goes there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to ask him whether he does not think we are
bound to defend suits against the agents of the
Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. HOWE. I have already told the Sena-
tor from Vermont and the Senate, that in my
judgment the Secretary of the Treasury has got
no agents. These men are agents of the Gov-
ernment—ministers of the law—as much as the
Secretary is, and are sued or not sued upon
their own responsibility.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are we not bound to de-
fend them when sued for their official acts ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know whether we
are or not. If the Committee on Retrenchment
would have the goodness to tell us what agents
are sued and where ; if they would have the
goodness to tell us for what they were sued, on
what account, 1 could, perhaps, have some sort
of opinion as to whether we were bound to de-
fend them ; but because men are, or have been,
agents of the Treasury Department, or special
agents, and because they are sued—from these
two considerations alone I am not prepared to
admit that the Governmentis bound to defend
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend tell the
Senate whether, in his opinion, supposing a
properly and lawfully appointed agent to be
sued for an act within the scope of his official
duty, it is the duty of the Government to de-
fend him or not.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, I think it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I wish to ask my
friend whether he expects the Senate of the
United States, with its other engagements, to
have any committee furnish it a list of every
one of these agents, with the precise circum-
stances under which he was sued, the nature
of the action, the evidence on which it is going
to be supported, the precise line of division as
to whether he acted beyond his authority or
kept within it, or whether he means to trast
some tribunal of the Government, as we always
have done, the Treasury Department, or the
War Department, or whatever Department
has charge of the subject-matter, and whether
he will repose charge of this in the Secretary
of the Treasury to adjust and settle it under
the regulations that the law has prescribed for
such cases? That is the question. If we are
to go into these details, of course this amend-
ment ought not to prevail, and we ought to be
an auditing committee like the Committee on
Claims, auditing each specific case. But if,
on the other hand, we are to treat it as we do
the other operations of the Treasury, under
the same guards, then we must repose confi-
dence in the Auditors and Comptrollers to see
that no unjust claim goes through. That is
all there is about it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not think it is a very gre-
vious demand to make upon the committee, who
say they have been examining this subject for
months, to be able to tell the Senate, even if
the list runs up to a full hundred, what these
cases are; even the titles to the cases; even
the parties to the cases; even the courts in
which they are pending. It would not be a
very greviohs demand to make upon the com-
mittee of the Senate who had spent so much
time in investigating this very importanttrans-
action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can give tliem to you
to-morrow, if you think thein important.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to use any ex-
travagant adjectives here. I do not know that
there is any importance attached to it. Somehow
or other the Secretary of the Treasury has found
himself, either bylaw or without law, in pos-
session of some thirty or forty million dollars,
subject, as he held, to his control.
Mr. President, Senators laugh at the state-
ment. 1 like to amuse the Senate when I
cannot instruct them. [Laughter.] I have
before me hi? own document giving the figures,
and I find on looking at il that he reports that
out of this fund there was realized thirty-four
million and some more dollars. He has not
paid it all out. A good deal of it has gone into
the Treasury; but I understand him and his
friends here to contend that by the law lie had
the whole of this fund under his jurisdiction,
and could determine for himself upon ex parte
testimony whether it belonged to the lieasury
or to me, to the Government or to individuals,
as he pleased. If he was right, then it hap-
pened that by the law he iiad within his juiis-
diction the power to dispose of more millions
than this Government ordinarily expended up
to within the last twenty-five years. I thought
that was a pretty important matter; but others
think it is not of much importance. I thought,
even if the law clothed himwith such jurisdic-
