436
SUPPLEMENT TO
ai«l maintain a navy." It does not provide
that the officers shall hold for life or good be-
havior. So far as the Constitution provides,
if the President is vested with authority to re-
move Mr. Stanton, the Secretary of War, ho
may also remove any officer of the Array or
Navy; and if Congress cannot by law regulate
the tenure of office of the former, Congress
cannot regulate the tenure of the latter. It is
true Congress has from time to time by law
regulated the tenure of military officers and
provided the mode of their removal.
During nearly the whole period of the exist-
ence of the Government they have been re-
movable for causa alone, in pursuance of the
finding of a court-martial, subject, however, to
the approval of the President. During the
late war Congress authorized the President to
drop any military officer from the rolls at dis-
cretion ; at the close of the war this act was
repealed. But if it should be conceded that
Congress cannot by law regulate the tenure of
civil officers and the manner of their removal,
it must be conceded also that Congress cannot,
under the Constitution, regulate tlie tenure of
officers of the Army and Navy. If the act
regulating the tenure of certain civil officers is
void by reason of conflict with the Constitution,
then all the acts regulating the tenure of mili-
tary officers are also void. And if the Presi-
dent may innocently violate the former, he
may with impunity trample under foot the lat-
ter; if ho can remove .Secretary Stanton, he
may dismiss General Grant or Admiral Far-
ragnt.
1 cannot bring myself to believe that the
framevs of the Constitution could ,have in-
tended lo vest in the President a purely dis-
cretionary power so vast and far-reaching in
its consequences, which il' exercised by a bad
or a weak President would enable him to bring
to'his feet all file officers of the Government,
military and civil, judicial and executive, to
strike down the republican character of our
institutions and establish all the distasteful'
characteristics of a monarchy. For the par-
ticipation of the Senate ill appointments dur-
ing its sessions would become nugatory, if the
President, may legally lemove them at discre-
tion, and fill up the vacancies thus made by
temporary appointments. And the people
would be without remedy if, as lie avers in his
answer, Congress has not the right to restrain
or by law regulate the exercise of this execu-
tive function.
This leads metonoliee in consecutive order
the argument presented by several Senators
during this consultation, lending to justify this
act of removal, drawn from their construction
of the statute of August 7, 1780, creating tho
War Department.
The first section of <lhis act, alter creating
this Department, provides—
M That thero h!i:iIt bo :i. principal oHioor therein, to
1)6 callod tho Sucrctary for thoDepartmont of War."
The second section authorizes the appoint-
ment by the Secretary, of an inferior officer, to
be called the chief clerk—
" Win), whenever tho said principal officer shall bo
removed irom oftic.o by the President of tho United
Muti'f, or in any othor uwoof vacaui.y, shall, Uurhiij
sucli viu'.-uiey.Jiave the charge and cintody of all
record", book*. and papers uppertaiuinv to tho said
Jjcpaicmout."—S(atuU'*~ii(~Lurget yoi, 1, p. £>g.
The phrase ''whenever the said principal
officer shall be removed from office by the
Piesideut" is in itself, they think, a grant of
power to remove the Secretary of War; that
this law was not repealed by tho act of March
2, 1807, to regulate tho tenure of certain civil
offices," but is still in force, and consequently
that the removal of Mr. Stanton was legal and
innocent.
Before proceeding to examine the law of
March 2, 1807, I will express my doubt of the
correctness of the construction placed by these
Senators on the statute of August 7, 1789.
I doubt ii because the President, although t
advised by counsel of the highest professional i
standing, does not claim protection under this i
law, but under the Constitution itself; as-
serting, in his answer to this article, that hie !
authority to make removals is derived* from
that-instrument, and that "the Congress could
not deprive him thereof." He does not even
so much as name this act of 1789. I doubt it,
because a careful examination of the debates
of the Congress by whom this law was enacted
will show that the members who insisted on
placing this phraseology in the text of the
act, did not construe it as a grant of authority
to make removals. In fact, Marshall, in his Life
of Washington, (vol. 2, page 102,) referring
to the debate on this subject, says that after
•words had been incorporated into the bill ex-
plicitly authorizing tho President to remove the
head of the Department they were stricken out
and the foregoing words substituted for tho
express purpose of avoiding the inference that,
in the opinion of Mr. Madison and those who
agreed with him, Congress could either grant, to
or withhold this authority from the President.
It is perfectly clear that they wished to leave
this question of autllority to remove where the
Constitution left it, with a legislative expres-
sion of opinion that the President could make
removals. This was doubtless Mr. Madison's
opinion and the opinion of a majority of the
members of the llouse, concurred in by one
half of the Senators present, as the record
shows that the bill passed by the casting vote
of the Vice President,. Hence the President's
counsel, who doubtless examined this case
thoroughly, do not claim authority under this
law. They knew its intent was not a grant,
but an expression of opinion oil a constitu-
tional construction. And as such it is entitled
to the weight which may properly attach to the
utterances made in congressional debates by
members of Congress; which, judging from
what I have heard from the President's coun-
sel and Senators in this consultation, are not
considered infallible—even less authoritative
than judicial opinions—and, in my opinion,
neither is entitled to anymore respect than is
required by tho weight, of the reasoning by
which their opinions are supported. In the
forum of reason is tho'tribunal where they and
we. all are compelled to bring our opinions for
arbitrament. As a legislative declaration of
opinion injected into the body of a law, grant-
ing nothing and denying nothing, commanding
nothing and prohibiting nothing, it is no more
authoritative than tho resolution of the Senate
of February 21, 18(>8; informing the President
that, by the removal of Mr. Stanton and the
appointment of Mr. Thomas, he violated the
Constilution and laws; and, in fact, is not en-
titled to so much respect as an authority, be-
cause in adopting the declaration in the law.of
1779 there was in the llouse a very small ma-
jority in tho affirmative, and the Senators were
equally divided; while in the adoption of the
declaration in the resolution twenty-eight Sen-
ators voted in tho affirmative, and but six Sen-
ators voted in the negative ; and in the House
of Representatives the substantive allegation
of the resolution, as set forlh in the first and
second articles of impeachment, was affirmed
by n three-fourths majority.
Nor can the declaration cited by Senators
from Kent's Commentaries, in which, refer-
ring to this_ debate, he is made to say that
this legislative construction of the Constitution
"has ever since been acquiesced in and acted
upon as of decisive authority in the case," be
adopted unquestioned. For he proceeds to
say:
" It applies to every other officer of the Government
appointed by tho President and Senate whose term
of duration is not specially declared."—Kent's Com-
mentaricHi page 19.
This would include all the officers of the
Army and Navy; and if, is known to every reader
of the statutes that Congress has from the be-
ginning of the Governmentto the present hour
regulated by law the removals of this entire
class of officers; and that Congress has, at
various times, enacted laws regulating the mode
of removal of civilians. Nor has it been held
at any time that " declaring" by law the tenure
of office—that, is the term of years during which
the commission may run—affects in"arty way
the power of removal. I<'Or example, the lav
creating land officers, postmasters, territorial
governors, judges, &c., and many others au-
thorize appointments for fixed periods, and yet
it has been uniformly maintained in practice
that the President could at any time during the
recess of the Senate remove them at will, and
during the sessions with the concurrence of the
Senate. -It has been thus settled in practice
that the limitation of a tenure to a fixed period
does not affect the question of removal. Hence,
as the commentator's facts prove to be untrue,
his conclusions cease to have weight. So far
as the uniform legislative action of the Govern-
ment can settle a construction of the Constitu-
tion, it has been decided that Congress has the
power to fix the tenure of all officers except
judges, and also the manner of their removal.
And the executive construction is equally
uniform and conclusive. It has been definitely
settled in practice that the President may in
the recess remove all officers at will except
judges and other, officers whose tenure and
mode of removal is regulated by law, and that
during the session removals may be made by
the President only with the concurrence of the
Senate.
It is extremely doubtful whether the framers
of the Constitution intended to confer the
power on the President to make removals dur-
ing^ the recess. The language used, "toJill
■up vacancies which may happen," seems to
imply the contrary. And they seem to have
carefully provided against the assumption of
this power under the plea of necessity, to pro-
tect the public interests from unworthy olli< ers
during the recess, by authorizing the President
to convene the Senate in extra session ■whenever
in his judgment the public interests require it,
thus enabling him at all times to submit the ques-
tion of changes to the judgment of that body.
Hut removals have been made in the civil
service during the recess of the Senate by all
the Presidents. This power under the Consti-
tution has been during the whole period gravely
questioned by the ablest statesmen and jurists.
The practice has, nevertheless, obtained. No
law existed until recently prohibiting it. It
may, therefore, be conceded as settled that the
President may, in the absence of law to the
contrary, during the recess of the Senate, make
removals from office. It is, however, equally
well settled by precedent that the President
cannot make removals, except in pursuance of
law, during the session, otherwise than by ap-
pointments of successors, to be made " by and
with the advieo'aud consent of the Senate;"
and that in making removals in the military
service he must follow the mode indicated in
the Articles of War and Army Regulations
established by law.
This construction has been so uniform as to
render it impossible for tho learned counsel
for the President during this protracted trial
to produce even one well-authenticated case to
tho contrary. The ease cited by them of the
removal of Timothy Pickering, Secretary of
State, by the elder Adams, is the only one
which they claim to be an exception. And in
that case the letter removing Mr. Pickering
and the President's message nominating Mr.
Marshall as his successor bear the same date.
But if this case were admitted to be an ex-
ception* to the general rule, it would violate
all established principles of correct reasoning
to assume that one exceptional case estab-
lishes the true construction of the Constitu-
tion, it being in direct conflict with the other-
wise uniform practice, extendingtfver the entire
period of the history of the Government.
I therefore conclude that Andrew Johnson,
President, violated the Constitution of the
United States and his oath of office in issuing
his order, February 21,1808, the Senate being
in session, removing Edwin M. Stanton, Sec-
retary of the Department of War, from said
office ; and that he is guilty of a high misde-
meanor in office as charged in this article of
impeachment, even if the law "regulating the
tenure of eet^ain civil offices," approved March
2, 1867, had never been enacted.
