1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3519
move an amendment to it? That was never my
understanding. I never knew of such a rule.
This is the first time that it was attempted to be
applied; and to give to the new rule the con-
struction contended for by the Senator from
Ohio virtually amounts to having none, is to hav-
ing the previous question, which the Senate has
never agreed to and I hope never will.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him on that point?
It seems to me it does not amount to the pre-
vious question. An amendment, notice having
been given, and it being in order, is under con-
sideration. Anybody may move to amend
that amendment, so that his amendment does
not amount to a further proposition to appro-
priate ; but the moment he offers an amend-
ment of that particular kind, the rule takes
hold of it. If a Senator gives notice of an
amendment to increase a salary, when his
amendment comes up I may move to increase
it still more, or I may move to l'educe it, be-
cause that is all germane: but when I come to
propose as an independent proposition to give
some other man an increased salary, to put in
some further appropriation, but putting it in
the parliamentary form of an amendment to
his amendment, then I submit that the spirit
of the rule attaches to it, and ought to attach
to it if the rule is to mean anything, just as
much as it would if I waited till he sat down
and proposed the same words in an independ-
ent amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ That is a refinement
upon the rule that I think cannot be sustained.
The Senator from New York admits that if
notice of an amendment is given to increase
the appropriation, it would be competent, when
that amendment came up, for a member of
the Senate to move to change that particular
sum, to reduce it or to increase it, but he
cannot move to amend it in any other respect.
That is not the meaning of the rule that he
may amend it in one way and not in another.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator hardly does
me justice in saying that I contend that we
cannot amend it in any other respect. I do
not say that. I only suggest to him that when
he comes to move to amend it in the particular
respect of proposing a new and independent
appropriation, then it falls not only within the
spirit, but as 1 submit to him, within the letter
of the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The precise point is
here: the Senator from Ohio originally moves
to increase the salary of the Comptrollers of
the Treasury. I understood the Senator from
New York to admit that it would be compe-
tent for the Senator from Oregon to move to
increase the salary of the Comptrollers still
moie. Then the Senator from Ohio proposes
to iuciease that appropriation, but he insists
that we cannot move to add to it the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury or any other officer.
I should like to know why not? What prin-
ciple is in that if we can increase the same?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask mv
friend a question. Suppose, in pursuance of
notice, an amendment is offered in the regular
way to appropriate 8100,000 for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Chicago. That is an
amendment of which due notice has been
given. Suppose, as an amendment to that
amendment, some one should propose an
appropriation of $500,000 for the improve-
ment of the haibor of Milwaukee. There is
an amendment to an amendment, but it is an
amendment proposing an increased appropria-
tion. Is not that within the rule?
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest
that it proposes not merely, as the Senator
from Ohio says, an increase of the appropria-
tion, but, in the language of the rule, ♦ new
item of appropriation. That is the point, a
new item of appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it is an amendment
to an amendment, and not an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is precisely that
case. Here is an amendment that has been
carefully considered, that has gone through all
the forms required, appropriating so much
money to pay certain designated officers, and
now here is an amendment to it to pay another
designated officer not named in the amendment
another additional sum. It seems to me that
unless we intend to upset the rules which have
been established to promote the convenience
of business, wo must hold that this is not in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a question of a
great deal of practical importance, and I hope
Senators will give it sufficient attention to
decide it according to the real merit that it
may have, because the decision now made will
stand as the construction of the rule for all
other cases. The particular item upon which
we are now engaged is not of so much practical
consequence, but of course this settles the
meaning of the rule, and if the meaning of the
rule be settled in the manner that the Chair
indicates his construction is, it is equivalent to
a repeal of the rule, because that construction
permits the rule to be overborne indirectly,
when directly the rule absolutely prohibits the
increase of the amount appropriated in an
appropriation bill unless you go through with
certain forms. If there was any value in hav-
ing this rule—and we have had it now for
eighteen years as a necessary rule in this body—
that this taking of money out of the Treasury
to pay for particular items of appropriation
should always be considered first in a com-
mittee, so that there might be a careful invest-
igation of the proofs and grounds on which
the appropriation should go, then I say that
it is of a great deal of consequence that we
should adhere to that spirit, and that is cer
tainly the spirit and object and groundwork of
the rule.
Now, it is claimed by the Senator from
Illinois, that inasmuch as he can by the form
of proceeding, not the substance of proceeding,
but by the mere form of proceeding, evade the
letter of the rule in the strictest and most
technical parliamentary sense, that gives him
the right to swing around the substance and
defeat it entirely. That I deny. Jn every
sense except the mere technical one I am
speaking of, in every sense that we should act
on in construing a statute, the term amend-
ment to an appropriation bill or to any other
bill includes the whole series of amendments,
an amendment to an amendment, and an
amendment to that, if parliamentary usage
would permit you to go as far. They all belong
to the bill, but in different degrees; each is the
link in the chain that connects the remotest
one to the bill. So that in any general and fair
sense of the use of language au amendment to
an amendment is just, as much a proposed
amendment to a bill as the first amendment is.
The mere technical difference is purely the
form of coming at it.
The question is whether the Senate is determ-
ined, in order to adhere to what appears to be
a literal form in that narrow sense, to over-
throw the whole substance of the provision of
this rule. I do not think there is a Senator
who hears me who is a lawyer or a judge, if
this were a statute and he were on the bench,
would not feel bound to declare that an amend-
ment to an amendment in this narrow and
verbal sense in which we are now speaking
of it was in substance and reality an amend-
ment proposed to the principal thing. If there
is any such person, I venture to say that his sal-
ary ought to be reduced, instead of increased, on
the first appropriation bill that shall come up.
One of the hrst rules of construction in all
civilized courts is that you shall not adhere to
the letter to the injury of the substance, that
you are to look through the mere shell of
phraseology to the real purpose and design of
this statute of your body, as it is one, in order
to reach its true construction. This purpose
and design was to prevent the attaching to
appropriation bills of new items of expend-
iture, increasing the price or cost to the peo-
ple, until those proposals should have been
subjected to tiie careful and rigid scrutiny of
a committee. That was the object, and yet
gentlemen coolly propose, by a literal con-
struction, to take the very heart, out of this
rule. It cannot be fairly done, and I hope the
Senate, independent of what their wishes may
be as to this particular amendment, will so
vote as to give this rule some life in the
future.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am so much alarmed
as to my salary being cut down for disagreeing
with the honorable Senator from Vermont that
I am going to say a word or two.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are not a judge ; I
spoke about a judge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You said "lawyer or
judge." I used to be a lawyer, and therefore
I may come, perhaps, within the description.
I raised this question for the sake of having
it settled by the Senate, and I have been think-
ing of it before. The old rule was that an
amendment increasing an appropriation could
only be moved in a certain way, among others,
by permission or direction of a committee of
the Senate. If I remember rightly, under that
rule, when such a motion was made by a com-
mittee it was then at the mercy of the Senate,
and anybody might offer an amendment to that
putting on an additional appropriation if he
saw fit. 1 may be wrong in my recollection ;
but that is my recollection of the practice. If
the practice is otherwise, my argument fails.
The Chief Clerk undoubtedly will know better
than most of us whether I am right or not in
that particular.
Now, here comes another ciause, and that is
that no such amendment shall be offered unless
it has been submitted to the Committee on
Appropriations a day beforehand. That_ ap-
parently stands in precisely the same position,_
and would be subject to the same rules of
practice that the other is. And yet I cannot
help seeing that the effect of it, if carried to
that extent, is substantially to defeat the rule,
and that the better construction would be that
any amendment to an amendment of that na-
ture proposing to increase appropriations or to
make new items of appropriation ought not to
be allowed, because the result of it would be,
as Senators can readily see, to destroy the
operation of the rule, an$ I do not see any dif-
ficulty that would come praticaily from follow-
ing the rule; for if Senators desire to put any-
thing of that sort in they ought to give notice
of it beforehand.
Still I revert to that original position that if
we follow the analogy of the former practice
of the Senate under the old rule, any amend-
ment may be proposed to an amendment to a
bill ; and when you come to look at the phi-
losophy of the thing it may be proper. A bill
is before the Senate ; it is printed and laid on
the tablo, and every Senator can examine it.
If he desires to make an amendment to it, he
ought to know it in season, and the rule pro-
vides that he shall put that amendment in
proper shape and have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. But the Senate is
not bound to take notice of all the amendments
thus presented. They are not printed: they
go directly to the Committee on Appropria-
tions ; nobody knows anything about them ;
and then they come in here in the ordinary
way. Senators do not have the same notice
of them that they have of the original bill.
Therefore the reasoning would not seeiu to
apply to them. Still I see what the effect
would be of the construction which I think, in
analogy to the old rule, the Chair has correctly
put on this rule, and that is, that any amend-
ment may be offered to an amendment. If the
Senate choose to correct that, and say that
under this new rule it shall not be allowed, I
shall have no regrets about it, becausc the
rule will then be made absolute.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not suppose when
I proposed this amendment that it was strictly
m accordance with the rule ; but 1 expected
that its justicc would commend itselt so to tne
Senate that no objection would be made, for
the very palpable reason that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office has had his salary
raised, and the Commissioner of Pensions has
