THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But I am unable to perceive any serious am-
biguity in that statute. The authorities all
agree that it is legitimate in construing any
apparently obscure passage in the text of a new
law to ascertain, first, the old law or usage;
secondly, the evil or matter of complaint;
thirdly, the remedy proposed in the new law.
Now let us apply these rules to the statute of
March 2, 1867:
First. Under the old law or usage the Presi-
dent had the right, as we have seen, to make
removals at will during the recess of the Sen-
ate.
Secondly. The evil or subject-matter of com-
plaint was that the President, now arraigned
at your bar, had been, during the previous
recess of the Senate, removing multitudes of
faithful officers from their respective posts of
duty and appointing untrustworthy successors,
for purely partisan purposes, to aid liim in
making war on the measures adopted by Con-
gress to secure the restoration of peace, har-
mony, and good government in the recently
insurrectionary States.
Thirdly. The remedy proposed was to fix by
law the tenure of civil offices and regulate the
manner of removals, as had been done from
the beginning in relation to military officers,
so as to prevent the President from making
removals at discretion, even during the recess,
without the approval of the Senate. Hence
the first section enacts:
" That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hcreatter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorney General, shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent ef the
Senate."
Does it effect the objects proposed? It evi-
dently embraces all existing civil officers
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, as well as all
who may hereafter be appointed. It is evi-
dently not its purpose to extend the legal term
of service of any of them, for section four
provides:
"That nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to extend the term of any office the duration
of which is fixed by law."
But its intent is clearly twofold. First,
to prohibit removals; secondly, to limit the
terms of service. The prohibition to remove
evidently applies to all. The limitation of the
term is applied to the Secretaries of State, of
the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, of the In-
terior, the Postmaster General, and the Attor-
ney General, and none others. This analysis
removes all ambiguity. The section provides
that every civil officer appointed by the Presi-
dent, with the approval of the Senate, shall
hold his office until his successor shall bo in
like manner appointed ; that is, no removal
shall take place except by the appointment,
with the coneurrencc of the Senate, of a suc-
cessor : provided, however, that the offices of
heads of Departments shall terminate by oper-
ation of law in one month after the expiration
of the presidential term. The assumption
that any of the seven officers were intended to
be excepted out of the general prohibition of
removal at the will of the President alone is
clearly inconsistent with the last clause of the
proviso, which declares thatthose seven officers
shall also be " subject to removal by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate." For,
if it was in fact, as contended, the intent of
this proviso to except any of these officers from
the general prohibition to remove by the Pres-
ident alone, why should it confer the author-
ity to remove them with the concurrence of the
Senate?
The learned casuistry to which _we have lis-
tened over the construction of the phrase
"term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed'' has, according to my
apprehension, no application to the vital point
in this controversy—the prohibition, of removal-
It relates to the limitation of the term of ser-
vice, and nothing else.
I have not been able to perceive anything in
the legislative history attending the passage
of this act inconsistent with this construction.
It is substantially this: the Senate passed the
bill prohibiting the removal of all civil officers
except the heads of Departments. The House
struck out the exceptions; the Senate declined
to concur; the House insisted. The bill was
then sent to a joint committee of conference
of the two Houses. _ They proposed a compro-
mise, the House yielding something and the
Senate yielding something. They finally agreed
that the prohibition of removals by the Presi-
dent at discretion should apply to all, includ-
ing heads of Departments, but that the term-
ination of the period of service of the latter
should be fixed at one month after the close
of each presidential term. They so reported,
and their report was adopted by both Houses.
I have now only to state that the President
has officially construed the law as applicable
to Secretary Stanton in his erder of August
12, 1867, suspending him from office, as pro-
vided in the second section of this act, and in
his letter addressed to the Secretary of the
Treasury, informing that officer that he had
suspended said Stanton, as directed by^ the
eighth section of this act. The letter is in
these words:
Executive Maxsiox,
"Washington, D. 0., Avguit li, 1867.
Snt: In compliance with the requirements of tho
eighth section ol the act of Congress ot March 2,1807,
entitled "An act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices." you are hereby notified that on the 12th in-
stant Hon. .Edwin M. Stanton was suspended from
office as Secretary of War and General Ulysses b.
Grant authorized and empowered to act as Secretary
of War ad interim.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vonrs,
ANDltEW JOHNSON.
Hon. Hugh MoCcllocD, Secretary of the Treasury.
He also admits its application to Stanton by
sending to the Senate his message dated De-
cember 12, 18G7, communicating to that body
his reasons for the suspension, as directed by
the second section. That he construed this
law as applicable to Secretary Stanton, and
willfully violated it, is also established by his
answer to the first article of impeachment, as
found in the record of the trial. He responds
in these words:
"The respondent was also aware that this act [of
March 2,1867J was understood and intended to be
an expression of the opinion of tho Congress by
which that act was passed, that the power t<> remove
executive officers for cause might by law bo taken
fiom thcPresident and vested m him andthebenate
jointly."—Impeachment Trial, p. 2-1.
This would seem to settle the question of the
President's purjwse. He admits that he "was
u ware that this act was u riderstood and intended
to be an expression of tho opinion ot Con-
gress" that he eould not remove executive
officers without the concurrence of the Senate.
Now, no one will be so hardy as to deny that
the intent of a law is the law in very essence
and truth, for the only ebject, of the analysis
of any law by court or commentaries is to as-
certain, if possible, the intent of the Legislature
enacting it.
That the President did proceed to inquire,
as he as.-erts in this connection, whether the
act was not capablc of sime other construc-
tion, and if in the course of this inquiry he did
honestly conclude, as he asserts, that it was
susceptible of another construction different
from the admitted intent of Congress, so far
from being a palliation, was a grave aggrava-
tion of his offense; for it is a declaration of a
purpose to bend the law from its true intent to
suit his wishes. He thus confesses that he
sought to evade and did, as he thinks, evade
the'declared and admitted will of the Legis-
lature.
With this admission in his official answer to
this article befoie our eyes, there can be no
doubt that lie did with malice prepense violate '
| the true, known, and admitted intent of this '
i law. Believing a  I do that the Pre>idcnt did
1 thus officially place tho correct construction 011
said law, and that said law is in harmony with
the Constitution, and that l>e did willfully vio-
late its provisions, which Violation is declared
by said law to be a "high misdemeanor," I do
not perceive how it is possible- for a Senator,
on his oath, to avoid finding him guilty as
charged in the first article of impeachment. .
• In relation to the second article of impeach-
ment, I may observe, the House of Represent
atives accuse the President of the committal
of a high misdemeanor in office in .appointing
Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant General United
States Army, Secretary of War ad interim on
the 21st day of February, 1868, there being no
vacancy in said office, without the advice and
consent of the Senate, the Senate being in
session.
■ The President in his answer admits that he
did issue the order of appointment, as charged,
without the advice and csnsent of the Senate,
the Senate being in session, (Impeachment
Trial, p. 27,) and justifies it by declaring that
there was at the time a vacancy in said .office,
and that—
" It was lawful according to a long and well-estab-
lishcu usage to empower and authorize the said
Thomas to act as Secretary of War ad interim."
To support this justification, his counsel in
the argument of this cause, and several Sena-
tors during this consultation, have cited two
statutes which authorize temporary appoint- *
ments. The first one was enacted May 8,1792,
and the second February 13, 1795. The first
one is marked " obsolete" on the statute-book,
and is admitted to have been repealed (if not
before) by the act of February 20,1863, which
covers all the matter contained in the act of
1792, and is also inconsistent with it. This
brings us to the cousideration of the plea of
authority to appoint Mr. Thomas to the office
of Secretary of War ad interim during the
session and without the consent of the Senate
under the statute of 1795, even if a vacancy
did legally exist. These are the exact words
of the law:
" That in case af vacancy in the offico of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of the Department of War, or of any officer of
either of the said Departments, whose appointment
is not m the head thereof, whereby they cannot per-
lonu the duties of their said respective offices, it
shall he lawful for the President of the United States,
in case he shall think it necessary, to authorize any
person or persons, at his discretion, to perform the
duties of tho said respective offices until a successor
be appointed or such vacancies be filled: Provided,
That no one vacancy shall be supplied, in manner
aforesaid, for a longer terra than six months. Ap-
proved February 13,1795."—Statutes-at-Large, vol. 1,
page 415.
I notice that the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fesskxdex,] in the observations submitted by
him, has, as I think, misconstrued this law by
omitting in the text, as cited by him, an entire
clause, necessary to be considered in arriving
at a correct construction. It is in these words:
"Whereby they cannot perform the duties of
their said respective offices." These are words
of limitation which the judge or commentator
has no right to ignore or erase. Had they been
omitted by Congress in enacting the law—did
they not stand as a part of it—-the Senator's
rendering would be less vulnerable. But, giv-
ing these words.their usual meaning and force,
his rendering is manifestly erroneous. Apply-
ing this law to the actual ease at bar, and
omitting unnecessary descriptive phrases, it
will read:
" That in case of twmcj/in the office of theSecrotary
of War, ipherehu he, cannot perform the duties of his said
offico, it shall be lawful for the President of the Uni-
ted States, in ease he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize any person, at his discretion, to perform the du-
ties of the said office, tfcc.:_ Provided, That no one
vacancy shall be supplied, in manner aforesaid, for
a longer teiiu than six months."
Now, it may be observed that there are two
classes of vacancies known to the statutes, and
which may occur in the administration of the
Departments : absolute legal vacancies in office
by death, resignation, or expiration ofterrn of
service, whereby there are 110 officers in exist-
ence for the respective offices; and vacancies
occasioned by the absence of officers from their
respective offices, 011 accn.int of siekuess or
absence from the seat of Government. The
