1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
Now, Mr. President, if the Senate desires
to adjourn, let it do so. If it desires to remain,
mid perhaps that would be the better policy, the
President is not yet convicted,* and we must
have intercourse with him. If the Senator
from Massachusetts desired none he ought to
have gone on and voted on the other articles
this morning. We are bound to have inter-
course with him. We must send our bills to
him if we remain here. The strong proba-
bility is that when we again meet—or the pos-
sibility is, if any Senator objects to the term
" probability"—the possibility iswhenwe meet
again he will be acquitted, and then we must
have intercourse with him from that time on.
The Senator from Illinois speaks of blood-
shed in the southern States. I do not see
much of it. But have we not majorities in all
those States now ? We have the Legislatures ;
we have the Governors ; we have constitutions
securing equal rights. If these are not suffi-
cient. if the President commits any wrong in
the future, if we find bloodshed there, I will
go with my friend as far as lie dare go on that
subject. We have that all secure.
Mr. WILSON. You have when you pass
these bills ; not till then.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why not sit here,
then, and pass them?
Mr. WILSON. I am for that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then the Senator has
no objection to having intercourse with this
"great criminal?"
Mr. WILSON. I am in favor of sending
them to him.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is in
favor of sending the bills to the President.
The Senator does not seem to be in danger of
becoming a leper because he sends a bill to a
man who is not yet convicted. The Constitu-
tion requires that he shall be convicted by two
thirds of the Senate, and until that conviction
takes place the law presumes him innocent.
Therefore we need not think that we do very great
harm to ourselves or to the institutions of the
country by sending bills to him. Let us then
go on and pass these bills. I have no objection
to that. I want them passed.
As regards this idea that the South is suffer-
ing so much, as I have Before stated, our friends
are able to vindicate themselves with these ma-
jorities in their behalf; and if not, what is Gen-
eral Grant about? Has he not the Army at
his command? The President cannot issue an
order except through him. If he has not men
enough at his command, can wo not give him
more? I will go as far as any man toward
raising troops for the purpose of placing them
in the hands of General Grant to protect the
people of the South.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But that act is unconsti-
tutional, the President says.
Mr. HENDERSON. Has the President
ever interfered with the act? Has he done
any act in contravention of it? Does the Sen-
ator now say upon his houor as a Senator that
the President has ever interfered with it by act.
Mr. HOWE. What act?
Mr. HENDERSON. The act requiring all
orders of inferior officers to go through Gen-
eral Grant.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not in evidence that
he tampered with an officer of the United
States?
Mr. HENDERSON. Why, Mr.President, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. Directly the reverse.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not say that the
President has interfered with that particular
act. I do not propose to enter into that ques-
tion. I only suggest to my friend when he
alludes to the power of General Grant that the
President of the United States has declared-
there is no dispute about that—that that act is
a plain and palpable violation of his rights,
and therefore I thought it right to suggest to
my friend himself, not in the way of complaint,
but to suggest to his mind whether there was
not a difficulty in relying a great deal on Gen-
eral Grant on that point.
Mr. HENDERSON. General Jackson
thought the Bank of the United States uncon-
stitutional.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And he removed the
deposits accordingly.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, he removed the
deposits accordingly. Chief Justice Marshali,'
in the Supreme Court of the United States,
thought it constitutional. The Senator from
Vermont believes the tenure-of-office act to be
constitutional. So do I. James Madison,
equal to cither one of us—not superior to the
Senator from Vermont, but very far superior
to me—thought that this act was unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He thought both ways.
Mr. HENDERSON. He never thought but
one way that I know of. The Senator perhaps
has a little more intimacy with his opinions
than myself. I never heard of an opinion of
Mr. Madison on that subject on the other side.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend is not as
well informed—I feel obliged to confess at the
expense of vanity—as I am, for the evidence of
history shows Mr. Madison on both sides on
that identical question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Perhaps my friend
from Vermont, if he lives to be as old as Mr.
Madison, will be on the other side of this ques-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhapsso; wewillwait
and see about that.
Mr. HENDERSON. The mere fact that the
President of the United States thinks some law
is unconstitutional does not prove that he is
going to interfere with the law. That does not
follow as a matter of course. But let us see
whether he does interfere with the law or not.
I am willing to give General Graut all the
troops that he demands for the protection of
the people of the South; and 1 will vote for
such a bill to-day if there is any necessity for it.
Now, Mr. President, I have said just so much
in vindication of the course which some of us
thought proper to pursue upon the trial of
this case. It would be better, I suggest to
Senators, to let the proceedings of the court
alone when we are legislating, and when we
are in the court to let legislation alone.
Mr. DRAKE. Before my colleague takes
his seat, I should be very glad to make an in-
quiry of him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] give
way ?
Mr. DRAKE. He has given way, sir. I
was not aware that any Senator here had in
the session this afternoon assailed my colleague
on account of his action in the court of im-
peachment.
Mr. SUMNER. Nobody.
Mr. DRAKE. Will my colleague state if
anyb.ody has so assailed him, because I wish
to assure him that his honor is quite precious
to me, and I should like to know who it is that
ventures to assail the honor of my colleague.
I ask for information of my colleague who it
was that assailed hiru?
Mr. HENDERSON. Is my honor so pre-
cious in the eyes of my colleague that he will
| take care of it under all circumstances, let me
ask ? -
i Mr. DRAKE. I have generally been ac-
customed for several years past, at home and
among our people, to take care of the honor
of my colleague, and I am prepared to do it
now.
Mr. HENDERSON. Nofurtherthan I have
taken charge of his, I apprehend. I recipro-
cate the sentiment. Mr. President, if there
was nothing intended by the remarks of Sen-
ators to reflect uponTlie action of their Repub-
lican colleagues in the vote cast a little while
ago, then, of course, what I have said is not per- j
tinent. It I drew an erroneous inference, there |
is no harm done. If, however, 1 be correct, j
then I hope my colleague will, as lie has always
done, be ready and willing to vindicate me. In-
asmuch as he has risen and given me the assur-
ance upon this occasion, I am perfectly willing
to leave my honor now in his hands.
And, Mr. President, I am
Mr. President, I rise to a
Mr. DRAKE.
perfectly willing-
Mr. MORTON.
question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana rises to a point of order.
He will state the point of order.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of order
that ought to have been made some time ago ;
and that is, that the impeachment trial not
being over, but being simply adjourned to an-
other day, it is not proper, in my judgment, to
assail members of the Senate for having voted
one way or the other, or to make a justifica-
tion of votes that may have been given. I think
on either side it is premature and improper.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 suggest, when the Senator
rises to call another Senator to order, that he
do it at the time when the disorderly words are
spoken, and not undertake to take another Sen-
ator off the floor who has not done any such
thing iu order that he may make his point of
order. I merely rose to make the inquiry that
I did of my colleague ; but I must confess my
very great surprise that my colleague, under
the supposition that some general aspersion
had been made upon the seven Republican
Senators who voted this morning for the ac-
quittal of the President, should have felt that
it called upon him individually to defend him-
self from that general aspersion.
Mr. HENDERSON. There was a remark
made by one Senator, at least, that the Senate
ought to adjourn, that they could not afford to
have any intercourse whatever with this great
criminal that the Senate had voted to acquit
this morning. That was the statement.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly never thought
of the Senator from Missouri except in kind-
ness, and in the few remarks I made a few
moments ago I beg to assure him I did not
have him in my mind, nor did I have any Sen-
ator in my mind. But listening to the Sen-
ator, he will pardon me for saying, I was re-
minded of a maxim which comes up often in
the language of another country, and which
seemed to mc to be very applicable to his case
as he presented it. It is this: "Whoso ex-
cuses himself accuses himself." The swift-
ness with which he rushed to self-defense
brought to my mind this ancient maxim. It
may not bo at all applicable ; still it did occur
to me. That is all I have to say with regard
to the remarks of the Senator.
But I now go further and repeat what I said
before. I said that I did not think it was be-
coming in the Senate to continue an inter-
change of messages with a person accused at
its bar; that it was the same as if a court
should send letters and transact business with
a prisoner in the dock. So it seems to me ;
and on the present occasion the impropriety is
increased, 1 may say that it is aggravated,
when we consider that we are in the midst of
our judgment. A vote has been taken on one
article of impeachment; but there are ten
others which remain to be acted upon ; and on
the one article upon which the vote has been
taken, as Senators well know, the acquittal
was only by one vote. There is a familiar say-
ing that a man is saved by the skin of his teeth ;
and so to-day on that eleventh article the Pres-
ident was saved by the skin of his teeth. He
was saved by one vote. I called it a nominal
acquittal. There is on that one article—I do
not now allude to the others, but I-freely allude
to that because it has been acted upon—a moral
judgment against him, a judgment -
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire what
decision the Chair made on the point of order
made by my colleague?
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The Chair
did not make any.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I ask for a de-
cision on the point of order as applicable to
the argument now being made by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator to note
down the words which i have used to which
lie objects. That is the rule.
