2496
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE
May 10,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
objection the words must be put in writing.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator objects, I
aslf him to put in writing the words to which
he objeqts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make the point of
order that the line of argument of the Senator
is not in order. I am not making a point of
order on particular words.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No discus-
sion is in order until the words objected to are
put in writh g. If the Senator objects to words
used in debate they must be written down.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not objecting to
words. I am objecting to an argument that
does not relate to the subject before us. but is
a criticism on the judgment of the Senate sit-
ting in another character. I want to know if
the Senator from Massachusetts has«a right to
review the judgment of the Senate sitting in
another character, on a motion to adjourn?
Mr. SUMNER. I made no. review and no
criticism about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire 
Mr. SUMNER. Have I not the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A ques-
tion of order has been made, which must be
decided before there can be any argument.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to a point of
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are not in order
until the other question is decided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
point of order pending which must be settled
by the Chair without further debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that point of order
I wish to make a suggestion.
Several Senators. Debate is out of order.
ThePRESIDENTjtwoienipore. That is not
debatable. The Senator from Indiana objects
to the course of argument pursued by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I know of no rule
that dictates how a man shall speak or what
course of argument he shall pursue in this
body. He has the whole range of his own
imagination, [laughter,] and the Chair is no
judge of the relevancy to the point in question
of his argument. The question now is on
adjourning the body.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, my argument is
simply this 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President  
Mr. SUMNER. I object to being inter-
rupted.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I rise to a question of
Order, and I desire to state it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will state his point of
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My point of order is,
that the rule does not require the words to be
taken down, unless it be a personal matter
between Senators.
Several Senators. That is not a question
of order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts demanded that the words should be
taken down. I desired to make that sugges-
tion to the Chair, and rose for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. That has been disposed of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Disposed of or not, I
desire to make the suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro lemjiore. The Chair
has disposed of the question of order that
was up.
_Mr. SUMNER. I think the remarks of my
friend from Wisconsin were not very much to
the point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
excuse me now. I shall be through in one
minute,'and then he can have the floor as long
as he pleases.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not ask to take
the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has the floor, and
must not be interrupted unless a point of order
is raised.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have stated
my point, and that was all I desired. I do not
wish to argue it; but I was trying to say that
under the peculiar circumstances of this case,
with this great trial pending, with the judgment
on one article carried by only one vote, and
with the judgment on ten other articles still
pending, it was not becoming in the Senate
during this period to continue to transact busi-
ness with the accused at our bar. I do not
know how it impresses other Senators ; but I
have a sentiment that all such relations are
indelicate and improper. I know that there
are Senators who, since the impeachment of
the Presidenthasbeen agitated, have continued
in personal relations with him. I have under-
stood that there are some who have sought
official appointments at his hands, and some
who have frequented his house. I have no
criticism for them. I could not have done it
myself. But now I am not speaking of what
individual Senators should do, but of what, the
Senate should do ; and on that point it seems
to me all should unite, whether, like myself,
they believe the President guilty, or, like the
Senator from Missouri, they believe him not
guilty. It seems to me that all equally, dur-
ing the pendency of this judgment, should feel
that it was unworthy of the Senate to continue
this interchange of messages.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I have
voted so as to indicate that I did not want an
adjournment. I have listened to this debate,
however, and I am satisfied that we had better
adjourn over, and for the reason thatthelegis-
lation which is pressing upon the country is so
intimately connected with the questions in-
volved in this impeachment that it is manifest
from what has been said that at every step we
shall discuss it, not incidentally, but 011 its
merits. From the time the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] alluded to the position
that the President would be in if a bill were
now sent to him until the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has taken his seat, the subject-matter
has been cither directly or indirectly connected
with this great trial. I simply wish to make
this further remark: it has been said here that
this was a purely judicial question. From
that- 
Mr. WILLEY. I rise to a question of
order, and I can do so now with propriety.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia will state his question
of order.
Mr. WILLEY. My question of order is,
that the subject of impeachment and the trial
is out of order to be alluded to in any manner
or form in any discussion on any question on
this floor while sitting as a Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is clear.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no rule limiting debate or the range or course
of debate that any Senator may take on any
question. It is left to his own sense of pro-
priety.
Mr. JOHNSON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and upon that question I ask for
the yeas and nay's.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the question of order
be reduced to writing, so that we shall know
exactly what we are voting upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland takes an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let us hear what the
decision of the Chair is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The de-
cision of the Chair is, that in the Senate of
the United States there is no limit to debate,
and no course of debate can be dictated by
any questions of order or rules of order recog-
nized by this body.
Mr. STEWART. Am I at liberty to inquire
what is the point of order? I have not alluded
to the merits of impeachment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia raises the point of
order that any allusion to the trial is out of
order. If particular words are objected to, the
Senator must"put the words in writing; but he
objects to the course of debate making allusions
to the impeachment trial: and the Chair de-
cides that that is in the discretion of the Sen-
ator upon the floor, and therefore the member
is in order in alluding to that or anything else
that he thinks proper to illustrate the reason
why we ought to adjourn or not to adjourn.
The Senator from Maryland appeals from that
decision, and the question is, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to my friend
from West Virginia that perhaps he has not the
exact point made by the Senator from Nevada,
if I can have the indulgence of the Senate to
make the statement. The Senator from Ne-
vada was pursuing an argument, as I think,
germane to the question. It was that we can-
not discuss any of these bills without being in-
volved in the discussion, directly or indirectly,
of the impeachment question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can
be no debate on any subject except upon the
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Sir. WILLEY. The Senator from Nevada,
as I understood him, was proceeding to depart
from that line of remark, and to say that one
thing he must controvert; that it had been said
on this floor that this was simply a judicial pro-
ceeding; and he was going on, as 1 understood
him, to discuss the reason why it was not a
judicial proceeding, and in doing so must
necessarily enter more or less into the merits
of the case.
While I am up I beg to say, with all possible
respect for the Senate, that it is shocking to
my feelings, in my capacity as a Senator,
aside from our obligations as judges under
oath, in any manner or form to involve that
question within the line of our remarks or
criticisms or consideration.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I have not yielded the
floor. I want to know whether lam in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
very question before the Senate. The Senator
will take his seat until that is disposed of.
Mr.. HARLAN. I rise for the purpose of
asking the Senator from West Virginia to in-
dicate what rule of the Senate he thinks has
been violated, in order that it may be read at
the Secretary's desk before I record my vote.
I know there are rules on this subject. There
is one which prohibits allusions to discussions
in the House of Representatives, and I think
there is another rule that restricts improper use
of language in relation to the President of the
United States; and there maybe some rule
in the code that governs this body that has
been violated here. If so, I should be glad to
have the Senator from West Virginia indicate
it in order that it may be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Iowa
will pardon me, I think he is mistaken in sup-
posing there is anything in the express rules
of the Senate which provides against alluding
to the House of Representatives or its action
or to the President of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot hear the Sen-
ator on this side.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say I think the Senator
from Iowa is mistaken in supposing there is
anything in the express rules of the Senate as
written on the topics to which he has alluded.
That rule rests in the general principles of
parliamentary law and propriety, just as the
objection of the Senator from West Virginia,
if a sound one. rests.
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire if amotion
to adjourn is in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. MORTON. Then I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
. Several Senators. Let us settle this ques-
tion first.
The motion was not agreed to.
