SUPPLEMENT TO
questien therefore arises itihether the vacancies
contemplated and provided for by this statute
-areof the firs tor of the second class, or whether
both are included.
It appears to; my mind perfectly dear that
the first class are not intended to be included,
and that* the-law is applicable only to cases of
Vacancy fey the- absence of officers from their
said office® being legally filled, bat
the' irifettmbents being incapable, for any suffi-
cient reason, to perform their official duties.
-To construe this statute so as to apply to
absolute vacancies in office would, as it ap-
pears to me, make it' both useless and uncon-
stitutional. For, in case of an absolute l^gal
vacancy in the recess of the Senate, the Con-
stitution itself, in direct terms, authorizes the
President to fill it temporarily, to continue for
as long or as short a period as he may desire,
not extending beyond the end of the next ses-
sion of the Senate. Hence, if this law was
intended to confer on the President the power
.to fill legal vacancies in office, occurring in the
recess, it is nugatory—it is perfectly useless—
for the President was previously vested by the
Constitution with this authority.
And to assume that the intent of this law
was to provide for absolute legal vacancies in
office occurring during the session of the Sen-
ate would be clearly unconstitutional; for the
Constitution provides, as we have seen, that
the President "shall nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate shall
appoint, all officers" whose appointment are
not otherwise provided for in the Constitution
itself, whether created by the Constitution or
by law. The President must, therefore, ob-
tain the consent of the Senate when in ses-
sion before he can wake an appointment to
fill an absolute legal vacancy, with the excep-
tion of one class of officers only, inferior offi-
cers, who may be appointed by the President
alone when Congress shall so provide by law.
But the office of Secretary of War is not of
this class. It is not an inferior office, and is
declared by the law of 1780 to be a superior
office, and the Secretary is styled "a principal
officer." Congress could not, therefore, by
law vest the appointment of this and similar
officers exclusively in the President either for
a short or a long period. To maintain that
Congress could by law dispense with the advis-
ory power of the Senate would be equivalent
to a declaration that Congress could by law
amend the Constitution or abolish it entirely;
for if Congress could suspend one of its pro-
visions, they may suspend any or all of thom,
This would be reducing the authority of that
great charter to the grade of a statute only.
The limitation of such appointments to a
period not exceeding six months could not
change the constitutionality of the provision.
l?or, if Congress could by a statute dispense
with the advisory power over appointments
during the sessions of the Senate for a single
day, they could for a year or ten years or
forever. It is not a question of time during
which such appointment may run, but of con-
stitutional power to deprive the Senate of an
opportunity to exercise a judgment in the case,
'lhe Constitution vests this authority in the
Senate, without regard to the length of time
of the service of the appointee; and it does
not confer the authority on the President to
disregard it, nor on Congress the power to set
aside either for a long or a short period.
Congress could, of course, abolish the War
orany other Department created by law. They
could also abolish the office of Secretary of
War, or unite the War Department with some
other Department temporarily or permanently,
and require the head of that other Department
to perform the duties of both, or might reduce
it to the grade of a bureau in another Depart-
ment, and authorize an inferior officer to per-
form the duties now devolving on the Secre-
tary ; and probably might, by law, authorize
the President to do this at his discretion ; but
this is not what is claimed by the President
under the law'of 1795. He does not claim that
this authorizes him to abolish the War Depart-
ment or the office of Secretary of War, or to
unite it with any other Department temporarily,
or to devolve the duties of Secretary of War
on the head of another Department, or to re-
duce it in grade and devolve its duties on an
inferior officer. He claims that Congress has
by this law, approved August 7,1789, vested in
him the right "to authorize any person!'' (adopt-
ing the words of the statute) "athis discretion
to perform the duties of" Secretary of War
during the session of the Senate, there being
an actual legal vacancy in said office, for a
period not exceeding six months.
Now, if this is the true meaning of this law,
it authorizes the President, as we have seen,
to dispense with the advisory power of the Sen-
ate, when in session, in. the appointment of a
great officer to fill "a principal" office for a
period of six months ; and, as this would be in
direct conflict with the Constitution, the law as
thus construed must be void.
To give this law force, we are therefore com-
pelled to construe the word '' vacancy'' men-
tioned in the act as meaning a corporeal va-
cancy—the absence of the officer from his office—
the legal tenure still continuing in him as when
the officer is out of the city ; is disabled by in-
sanity or sickness; is in custody or in prison,
or is necessarily occupied with other duties.
This interpretation is in perfect harmeny with
the literal and usual meaning of the word of the
statute itself, "in case of vacancy in the office
of Secretary" * * * * "of the De-
partment of War" * * * * "whereby
'he cannot perform the duties of' his ' said office
it shall belawfulfor the Presidentof the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to
authorize any person, at his discretion, toper-
form the duties of the said office,' " &c. And
any other construction would render the quali-
fying phrase, " whereby they cannot perform
the duties of their said respective offices,"
meaningless. It is a settled rule of construc-
tion that you must, if possible, give every word
of a statute meaning and force.
But what meaning can be attached to this
clause if applied to an actual legal vacancy,
as by death, resignation, removal, or expira-
tion of legal term of service. In such cases
the officer, and his legal functions as such,
have ceased to exist. There is no officer in ex-
istence. To apply these qualifying words in
such cases, " whereby they cannot perform the
duties of their said respective offices," is sheer
nonsease. Tho law does not provide that in
case of any vacancy, or all vacancies, but in
ease of vacancies of this description, " where-
by the officers cannot perform the duties of
their offices."
The same reasoning would apply to another
qualifying phrase in this act, authorizing the
President to make temporary appointments.
It is in these words: "In case he shall think
it necessary." How is it possible to apply
this language to an actual legal vacancy in a
superior office, such as Secretary of State, Sec-
retary of War, &c. The necessity of having an
offiecr to fill these great offices was settled by
Congress when the law was enacted creating
them. If an actual vacancy occurred the
necessity of filling it could not be a question.
IJpt if the officer was sick or absent from the
city, "whereby he could not perform the duties
of his said office," the question of necessity
for the appointment of some one, by detail or
otherwise, to perform these duties, until he
recovered or returned to his post, would arise.
And no one would be a more fit person to
judge of that necessity than the President.
I may observe here, in passing, that the alle-
gation so frequently made during this trial by
the President's counsel, and by Senators in
this consultation, that "the practice" of mak-
ing temporary appointments, the Senate being
in session, to fill absolute legal vacancies in
office, "has been frequent and unbroken, al-
most from the formation of the Government,"
is not supported by facts. I have examined,
as carefully as my time would permit, all that
long list of cases of temporary appointments,
supposed by the President's counsel to bear on
this case, as they stand recorded in the printed
record of this trial, beginning on page 575 and
ending on page 582, and find that nearly all of
them were made, as the list itself shows, on
account of the absence or sickness of the regu-
larly appointed officer. And nearly all of the
residue were made to fill vacancies occurring
during the recess of the Senate, and I do not
find a single ease of temporary appointment to
fill a vacancy occasioned by a removal made
during the session of the Senate. I therefore
conclude that no such case exists, or it would
have been produced, as the learned and nu-
merous counsel had full access to the records
of the Departments and of the chief executive
office.
Should it appear, therefore, that a case or
two of temporary appointments had been made
by previous Presidents, in a period of nearly
eighty years, on account of an actual vacancy
occurring by death or resignation, during the
session of the Senate, it would not justify the
unaccountable allegation of counsel and of
Senators that the precedents were almost
numberless, and that the chain was unbroken.
Nor would one case or many of violated law,
by others, if they really existed, justify the
President in the performance of an illegal act.
But, when his act is unsupported by a single
case this attempt at justification is most re-
markable and startling.
After giving this subject the most careful
examination of which I am capable, I am
compelled to come to the conclusion that if
there had been an existing legal vacancy in
the office of Secretary of War, the President
had no authority under the statute of 1795,
or any other law, tho Senate being in session,
to fill it in the mode charged in the second
article of impeachment and admitted in the
President's answer. Much less had he the
right to both create and fill a vacancy as
charged in the first and second articles.
These acts, whether taken jointly or sepa-
rately, seem to me to be a clear violation
both of the Constitution and the law. That
they were performed by the President deliber-
ately and willfully for the purpose of defeating
the execution of the latter, according to its
true intent and meaning, is, according to my
judgment, fully established. I do not, there-
fore, see my way clear, under the solemnities
of my oath, to find liim innocent.
OPINION
OF
HON. GARRETT DAVIS.
The subject of impeachment is provided for
in the Constitution by several clauses, which I
will quote:
" The House of Representatives shall have the sole
power of impeachment."
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose they
shall be on oath or affirmation. When the President
of the United States is tried the Chief Justice .shall
preside; and no person shall be convicted without
the concurrence of two thirds of the members pres-
ent."
" The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States, shall be removed from
office on impeachment tor and conviction of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misderaeanois."
" J udgment in eases of impoaehment shall net ex-
tend further than to removal from offieo and disqual-
ification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust,
orprofitunder theUnitedStates; but the party con-
victed shall, nevertheless, be liable and subject to
indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment accord-
ing to law."
Our system of impeachment has not been
transferred from any other Government, nor
was its organization confided to Congress; but
the cautious statesmen who founded our Gov-
ernment incorporated it in and built, it up as
part of the Constitution itself. They enumer-
ated its essential features and made it sui gen-
eris. 1. No persou but civil officers of the
United States are subject to impeachment. 2.
The Senate is constituted the court of impeach-
ment. 3. The Chief Justice of the United
States is to preside over the court when the
President is under trial, and the Vice President
