1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
State of Kentucky ought to receive the same
consideration that the interests of every other
State receive, and when they ask for a bridge
at Paducah, to be just like the one at Quincy,
Illinois, and when they propose to build it
with their own capital, and tell you that they are
going to connect their system, of railroads with
ours, I say give it to them. We have given
the same privilege to the States of Illinois,
Virginia, and Ohio; and I say let us give it to
Kentucky. Let us say to the people of Padu-
cah, you shall have a chance to cross over into
Illinois by a bridge, and we will not guard it
with bayonets either, and we hope and trust you
never will guard the bridge at your end in that
way ; we want to connect our commercial in-
terests with yours and go hand in hand with
you. I hope that gentlemen upon this side of
the House will vote for this bill.
Mr. COOK. I only want to say a word or
two and then I shall ask a vote, for I think this
discussion has had range enough. _ Twelve
charters for bridges across the Mississippi river
precisely similar to this have been granted
already. The bridge which may be built under
this law will have as large an opening, as wide
a span, and be as high above high-water mark
as any bridge which has been authorized to be
built by any law of Congress. It is the opinion
of the committee that in still water where this
bridge is to be built the obstruction to naviga-
tion will be inconsiderable—if it will be any
obstruction at all to navigation—less, perhaps,
than at any other point on the Ohio river. Four
or five bridges have been already built or are in
process of construction across the Ohio river-
above this point. It is believed that no bridge
across the Ohio river has been built or will be
built which will be less obstruction to naviga-
tion than the one authorized by this act. If
this bridge be built, it will connect the south-
ern system of railroads with the system of rail-
roads running through Indiana to the lakes.
The amendment certainly ought not to be
adopted, because no such qualification has been
attached to any oilier charter. It is not neces-
sary for the purpose of making a bridge a bene-
ficial improvement that the proposition of this
amendment should be attached. It has never
been attached to any other bridge charter passed
by Congress. It would be an exception made
against this road and against this bridge if that
amendment should be adopted. It is clear to
the mind of every one that a bridge may be
used profitably, even if the roads connecting
with it are not of the same gauge.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to ask how high
the bridge is to be above the surface of the
river? . .
Mr. COOK. If it is a continuous span, it is
to be fifty feet above high-water mark to the
lower side of the cord of the bridge.
Mr. PRUYN. So that steamers can pass
under it?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir; I now ask for a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. T move to lay the bill on
the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
22, noes 80.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Raum to the substitute reported
by the Committee on Roads and Canals; and
being put, there were—ayes 27, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the substi-
tute; and it was agreed to—ayes 75, noes 21.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet en-
^ Mr? COOK. I yield to my colleague on the
committee from New York, [Mr. Cornell.}
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire^ to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a TheSPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
40TH C/ONft. 2D Sesp.—-NO. 93.
adverse report.
Mr. CORNELL, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, made an adverse report on
the memorial of the Legislative Assembly oi
the Territory of Dakota for aid for the build-
ing of roads; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
railroad bridges across the ohio.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back, with an amend-
ment, House bill No. 725, supplemental to an
act approved July 14, 1802, entitled "An act
to establish certain post routes."
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the act of Congress, approved
July 14, 18G2, entitled "An act to establish
certain post routes," shall be so amended as
to authorize any railroad company or compa-
nies, whose line or lines of road may now or
shall hereafter be built to the Ohio river, above
the mouth of the Licking river, in accordance
with the terms of the charter or charters
of said company or companies, or the laws
under which they are organized, to build a
bridge across said river for the more perfect
connection of any such roads, and for the pas-
sage of trains thereon, under the limitations
and conditions contained in said act
The second section provides that it shall be
lawful for any bridge company chartered or
organized under the laws or the States of Penn-
sylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky, or Ohio,
for the purpose of building a bridge across the
Ohio, to contract with anv railroad company
or companies for the use thereof by such com-
pany or companies, to construct such bridge
across the Ohio river at any point above the
mouth of the Licking river under the limita-
tions and conditions contained in said act
The third section provides that any bridge
erected under the provisions of this act shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals was to add to the
third section of the bill the following:
Provided, That any bridge built under the provis-
ions of this act, if adraw-bridgo.shall'havo two open-
ings of at least one hundred and sixty lcet in the
clearon each side of the pivot or draw pier, and if a
high bridge shall have a span of not less than two
hundred and fifty feet in the clear from pier to pier,
over tho main channel of tho river, and shall leave
aheightof at least fifty feet from oxtremo high-water
mark to the bottom of the lower cord.
Mr. DODGE. This addition proposed by
the committee is the usual restriction in these
cases. Unless some further explanation is
desired, I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad from washington to cincinnati.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I am instructed by
the Committee on Roads and Canals to ask
that they be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of John Murphy and
other citizens of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, praying fora charter to certain persons
therein named for the construction of a rail-
road from Washington, Distiict of Columbia,
to Cincinnati, and to move that the same be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, as
that committee has jurisdiction of other sub-
jects of a similar character.
The recommendation of the committee was
concurred in.
enrolled joint resolution,
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; Tviten the Speaker sigaed
the same, namely:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) author-
izing the Comptroller of the Currency to re-
voke the appointment of receiver for the
Farmers' and Citizens' National Bank of "Wil-
liamsburg, New York, and to restore said
bank to its owners under certain conditions.
new york city post ol'l'icb.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House communications from the
Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with the
joint resolution approved June 22, 1867, a
report of the committee to purchase a site for
a post office and United States court in New
York city; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
aid to south carolina freedmen.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a preamble and resolu-
tions of the constitutional convention of South
Carolina, in reference to the condition of the
freedmen in that State, and asking Congress
to make an appropriation of $1,000,000 as a.
loan for their assistance; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
washington city council, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House resolutions of the board
of common council of Washington, District
of Columbia, asking the action of Congress
upon the refusal of the mayor of Washington
to pay certain members of said board and of
the board of aldermen their salary, now due;
which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
finance, taxation, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House resolutions of the na-
tional commercial convention recently held
in Boston on finance, taxation, &c. ; which
were referred to the. Committee of Ways and
Means.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forkey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 186) providing for the sale
of the lands, tenements, and water privileges
belonging to the United States at and near
Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jefferson,
West Virginia; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) relating to
the survey of the northern and northwestern
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the "Whole on the civil
appropriation bill all debate on the revenue-
euttcr service shall terminate in ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I movo
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state .of the Union upon the bill
(H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and
for other purposes. '
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 818) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, and for other purpose's.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Driggs to the amendment of Mr.
Churchill, to add at the end of the portion of
