1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2497
Mr. SUMNER. Now, let us have the ques-
tion on the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. JOHNSON. I misunderstood what had
fallen from the Senator from Nevada, and,
therefore, withdraw the appeal.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, let us have the ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a single
remark.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The appeal
from the decision of the Chair is withdrawn,
and the Senator from Nevada is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEWART. I was about to remark
that I wholly dissented from the position that
this was an ordinary trial, only involving judi-
cial issues and consequences. If there had
been any doubt on that point this discussion,
which immediately took a wide range, involv-
ing the admission of the States and the recon-
struction of the States, and the condition of
the people of the South, alluded to by all the
Senators who had taken part in the discussion,
calling for the reading of accounts of military
trials in the South, and replies of assassina-
tion, &c., shows me most conclusively that
if we are to discuss with any freedom the
great question of admitting these new States,
we must be at liberty to survey the whole field;
and I should feel exceedingly embarrassed, in
view of my ideas of the propriety of this case,
in getting upon the floor to discuss it as I think
it ought to be discussed. Therefore I am
thoroughly satisfied that we should adjourn.
So far as the propriety of discussing these ques-
tions now is concerned I fully concur with the
Senator from West Virginia; but I say I am
trammeled from the range this case must take
when the bill is passed and the veto comes to
us, which we must discuss; because, when that
veto comes, as we have had a warning that it
will come, we must then discuss it in all its
bearings. We are in no condition to do so now.
I hope the Senate will adjourn until the final
action on the impeachment.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, X move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh no. Let us vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the motion
if a vote can be taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I _ will
not occupy the time of the Senate ; but inas-
much as 1 have moved an amendment,'-1 think
I have a right to say one word in favor of it.
The amendment is based upon the idea 
Mr. CAMERON. My motion to adjourn is
before the Senate. I merely waived it in
order that the vote might be taken.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CAMERON. Only for a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
Chair will put the question on the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is mistaken in supposing that he did
not withdraw his motion. I am sure I beard
him say that he withdrew it.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdrew it for a special
purpose, to let the vote be taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But my friend from
Pennsylvania cannot withdraw a motion to
adjourn conditionally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a mistake about it. The Chair supposed the
Senator withdrew his motion, but if he says
he did not the Chair will put the question.
The motion is that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, now if
there is no pending motion but my amendment
I will say a word upon it. The amendment is
based upon the idea that if we are to pass this
resolution at all it shall be passed only in such
a form as shall permit the House of Repre-
sentatives, if it sees fit, under the Constitution
to take this adjournment that it wants, and still
leave this body to go on with the great amount
of business that it has in hand and perfect it.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Scmsek]
will permit lue to say in this connection that
it does not necessarily imply any communica-
tion with the President or' the United States
one way or the other. There are a dozen im-
portant bills upon your taole, sir, that will need
days and days of work to bring them into a
state of perfection to send them even to the
House of Representatives. There is, therefore,
no necessity for an adjournment over on the
ground that we must necessarily communicate
with the President, if thai were an objection.
I do not enter into that because it involves
other considerations to which I do not wish to
allude.
Then the question simply is this: the House
of Representatives are desirous, for their own
purposes and for reasons which we are bound
to suppose are good to them, to adjourn for a
week; and they send a resolution here which,
it is said, is intended merely to ask our con-
sent. The language of the resolution is a little
vague because it does not say which House is
to adjourn. Now, my proposition simply is
that if we are to pass it at all we shall confine
it to the House of Representatives as it was
said it was intended to be. That is my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont to the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion re.curs on the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Axthony,] to insert
after the word "adjournment'1 the words "of
the two Houses.'"'
Mr. CONKLING. So that if this amend-
ment prevails both Houses are to adjourn ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. EDMUNDS called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire if
the resolution as it came from the House of
Representatives only provided for the adjourn-
ment of that House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ap-
peared to be the import of it.
Mr. MORTON. And the amendment pro-
poses to extend it to the Senate also?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cole,
Couness, Oorbett, Davis, Dixon, Boolittie, Drake,
Hendricks. Johnson, MeCreery, Morull of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of jSTew Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Spragne,
Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Wade. Williams, and Yates—2D.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cockling,
Cragm, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fcnvler, Harlan,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, K"ye, Ramsey,
Boss, Sherman, Thayer, Tipton, Wiliey, and Wil-
son—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Freliughuyseii, Grimes,
Henderson, and Howard—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution, as amended,
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Buckalew, Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler,
Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Morris of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Spraeue, Stewart,
Sumner, Van Winkle, Viekers, and Williams—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conklms*, Cra-
gm, Drake, Ktlmunds, Perry, Fessendenv Harlan,
Howe. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Samsuy, Ross, Sherman, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, AVude, Wiliey, Wilson, and Yates—
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, and Howard—5.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate take up for consideration the defi-
ciency bill of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
S'r. CQNIvLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn,
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 10, 1868.
t The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave of absence.
Mr. Niblack was granted indefinite leave of
absence on account of sickness in his family.
message from the senate.
The following message was received from
the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
May 16,1868.
llesolved, That the Secretary be directed to inform
the House of Representatives that the Senate, sitting
1'or the trial of the President upon articles of im-
peachment* h now ready to receive them in the Sen-
ate Chamber. _
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary,
By W. J. McDOXALD,
Chief Clerk.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the W hole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and Door-
keeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the "Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At one o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall; and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, Mr, Washburxe, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; and the respondent has been declared to be
not guilty on the eleventh article, by a vote of 35
in the affirmative to 1U in the negative ; and that
then the Senate, sitting for the said trial, had
adjourned until Tuesday, the 20th instant, at
noon.
Mr. MAYNAliD. That is, thirty five voted
he was guilty and nineteen that he was inno-
i cent?
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Yes, sir.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Akxell, Mr. Beck, and Mr. Wilson- of
i'en nsylvauia.
action of the missouri delegation.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to what I suppose
is a question of privilege. J offer the follow-
ing resolution:
"Whereas it appears by the folio wing letter, purport-
ing to have been written and addressed by beveu
members of this House to one of the Scnatois oi the
United States, which is published in tha dany Ac-
tional Intelligencer, published in the city of Wash-
ington, to wit:
Washixgton-, May 12, l&bS.
Sir: On a consultation of the Republican incui-
bers of the House of Representatives from Mis ou i,
in view of your position on the impeachment article,
we ask you to withhold your vote on any article upon
winch you cannot vote affirmatively. This icquest
is made because we believe the safety ot tho loyal
people of tho United States demands the immediate
removal of Andrew Johnson from the ofiico ot Piesi-
dent of the United States.
Respecting. GEORGE W. ANDERSON.
WILLIAM A. PIUJ,
C. A. :nU\VCU.M13,
.JOSEPH V,'. MelXURG,
BENJAMIN h\ LOAX,
•JOiiiS P. BEN J AMI Ar.
JOSEPH J. GRAVELY,
Hon. John* 1L Henderson*, United States Senate,
that an indecent and corrupt combination of the
Representatives atoresaid has been entered into to
improperly influence the Senator aforesaid m ms
judgment and decision in tho impeachment now
pending: and undetermined in the benate: Xiiere-
to t irrupt oi luipiupeily ujiiucnco tno.1 uugu.entand
decision of said Senator, and what action tho iic,use
oucnt to take with relcrence thereto, and that £>aia
committee bo autnomed to s?nd h* persons and
paper.-*,
40TH CO'XU. 2D SE83,
To. 157.
