1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this matter, and would not if you had not
obliged me to say yea or nay 
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to appeal to
the Senator from Wisconsin to know whether
he will not yield to a motion to adjourn or for
an executive session.
Mr. HOWE. In one moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We can finish
this bill in a short time now.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will yield to a motion to
adjourn in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; let us go right
on with the bill.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I will yield any way in
a moment, whatever comes.
Mr. President, I am going to vote against
this amendment; and yet I subscribe to the
truth of almost every word that was urged by
the Senator from Ohio some time since. I
believe that we are not paying these officers an
adequate salary. I believe we are not paying
a single Government employe in the city of
Washington, who does the duty which the law
imposes upon him, anything like an honest
salary. I believe that real suffering grows out
of these meager salaries, and to relieve that
suffering I would be willing to vole for an
increase of this compensation.
But when Senators enlarge here upon the
impossibility of supporting a family on a salary
of $3,000 it astounds me that it does not occur
to them that the difficulty of supporting a fam-
ily on $1,800 or $1,200 must be very much
greater. The House of Representatives, I am
told, a short time since agreed to continue an
appropriation or an increaseof twenty percent,
to the present salaries of the clerks in these
Departments, and sent to this body a bill for
that purpose, but the next day they recalled it,
and it is said that no such proposition as that
willreceivethe assentof this Congress. Taking
it for granted that that is so, I cannot myself
see the propriety of raising $3,500 to $4,500,
and $3,000 to $4,000, and leaving $1,200 and
£1,400 to be just so many dollars. I do not
believe that it is honest or just. There are
men holding $1,200 clerkships in the city of
Washington who take to the daily discharge of
their daily duty as much integrity, as much
character, and as much capacity as you find at
the heads of many of these bureaus. Now,
Mr. President, I think that Congress must
afford relief in some way to these necessitous.
I should be glad to see it done at this session ;
at the next session I believe it will be done;
but when you shall offer me an opportunity to
vote to relieve the necessities of all these em-
ployes I am ready for it, and will vote for it.
Until you give me such an opportunity I can-
not vote to relieve the necessities of any of
them, or if I do it must not be the least neces-
sitous ones that I will vote to relieve, but I
will ask that it be the most necessitous, those
who receive the lowest salaries.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. I intend to vote
in favor of this amendment, and for this reason:
I believe the committee who have examined
this subject know a great deal more about it
than the rest of the Senate, and they have
unanimously recommended it, and the respon-
sibility is with them. We have been told by
one of the members of that committee that
most valuable talent to the Government would
be lost unless this increaseof salary was made.
I do not see the logic of the argument which
has been made here, that men who get $1,200
or $1,800 are any worse off because we do
justice in this emergency to a few of the
officers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment as
amended, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Doolittle,Drake, Fessenden, Frelinehuysen, Harlan,
Hendricks, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, .Nye, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Van Winkle, Vickers, and
Willey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin,
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 221.
3521
Edmunds Howe, MeCreery, Patterson of NewHamp-
shire, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—10.
ABSENT-Messrs. Anthony, Bavard, Buckalew,
Oameron, Dixon, lerry, Fowler. Grimes, Hender-
son, Howard, Johnson, Morton. Norton, Patterson
of leimesseo, Pomeroy, Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
and Thayer—19.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, ot which I give notice now according
to the rules, and desire to have printed and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred and printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to an amendment
that ought to have been made in Committee of
the Whole, on page 18, which for the time was
informally passed over. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to have that amendment
concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 18, line four hundred and thirty-
one, to strike out "two" and to insert " four
in line four hundred and thirty-two, to strike
out " five" and to insert " six;" and in line
four hundred and thirty-seven to strike out
" five" and insert " nine;" so that the clause
will read:
For First Auditor of the Treasury, chief clerk,
four clerks of class four, eight clerks of class three,
six clerks of class two, five clerks of class one; also,
two clerks of class three, four clerks of class two,
and eight clerks of class one, (transferred from the
offices of the Third Auditor and the Solicitor,) one
messenger and one assistant messenger, and one la-
borer, in all $59,360.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This clause was
passed over on the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that he desired to
offer an amendment to it; butl believe he after-
ward put his amendment somewhere else, so
that it becomes necessary to act on this amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to House bill No. 818, the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, which I ask to have referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to submit an
amendment to this bill which I intend to offer.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire also to give notice
of an amendment I intend to offer to the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
offer anamendmentto the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill, to be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The PRESlDBNTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN. These notices are not in
order until we pass the bill before us.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the pending bill. The Clerk has the
amendment, and I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 44, line one thousand and eighty-
one, to strike out "six" and insert "nine;"
and in the same line, after the word " thou-
ands " to strike out "five hundred," and at
the end of the line to insert:
Provided, That from and after the 1st day of July,
18S8, the annual compensation of the weighing clerk
shall bo $2,500, and the compensation of the calcula-
ting. accounting, and warrant clerks shall be $2,000
each.
So that the clause will read :
Mint at Philadelphia:
For salaries of the Director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief ooiner and engraver, assist-
ant assayer, and seven clerks, $39,000: Provided,
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1868, the
annual compensation of the weighing clerk shall be
$2,500, and th" compensation of the calculating, ac-
counting, and warrant clerks shall be $2,000 each.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not. We
can finish this bill in a few minutes. It has
now been before the Senate for four days, and
ought to be disposed of.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before put-
ting that motion the Chair will lay before the
Senate certain communications.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very weli.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the 27th ultimo, a copy of the report of
Inspector General Marcy, madein 1864, on the
condition of the department of Arkansas and
the Indian_ territory ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also laid before the Senate aletter of the
Secretary of War, recommending that so much
of section thirteen of an act entitled "An act
to increase and fix the military peace estab-
ment of the United States," approved July
28, 18G(>, as provides that no vacancies occur-
ring in the quartermaster's department in tho
grades of major and captain shall be filled
until the number ot majors is reduced to twelve
and the number of captains to thirty, be re-
pealed ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McI'hkkson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 1313) grantingau increase
of pension to Sarah Hakleman, widow of Brig-
adier General Pleasant A. Haekleman ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 225) respect-
ing national banks in liquidation.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following joint resolutions of
the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) donating
certain captured ordnance for the completion
of a monument to the memory of tho late
Major General John Sedgwick ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 143) for the
relief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list.
enrolled billb signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 230) granting a pension to
John Q. A. Keck, late private in the third
Missouri cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 347) for holding terms of
the district court of the United States for the
southern district of Illinois at the city of Cairo,
in said State ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) donating
certain captured ordnance for the completion of
a monument to the memory of the late Major
General John Sedgwick; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 143) for the
relief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1313) granting an in-
crease of pension to Sarah Hackletnan, widow
of Brigadier General Pleasant A. Haekleman,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions; and the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 225) respecting national
banks in liquidation, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 605) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judical expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1869.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senats do now adjourn.
Mr. CATTELL. I have the floor, and did
not yield to the motion to adjourn. I offered
