THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or President prd tempore of the Senate in all
other cases. 4. No conviction can take place
unless two thirds of the Senators present con-
cur. 5. No impeachment can be made but for
treason, bribery, or other high crimes and mis-
demeanorsagainstthe United States. 6. Judg-
ment of impeachment cannot extend to death
or other corporal punishment, or fine or im-
prisonment ; but is restricted to removal from
and disqualification to hold office; but the
party convicted, nevertheless, to be liable and
subject to indictment, trial, judgment, and pun-
ishment according to law. The offenders, of-
fenses, court, and punishment are all distinctly
impressed with political features.
But the prosecution has assumed two strange
and untenable positions in the course of this
trial. 1. That the Senate, in the performance
of the present most important office and duty,
is not a court. It is certainly not a legislative
body, nor exercising legislative powers; it is
not an advisory council connected in a com-
mon function with the President. What, then,
is it ? Most of the States had previously to the
formation of the Constitution organized their
several tribunals to try cases of impeachment,
and by some they had been denominated courts
of im.peaehm.ent, and all had invested them
with the powers and attributes of courts. They
■were universally held to be courts. The Con-
stitution invests the Senate with the sole power
to try all impeachments. To try is to examine
a ease judicially by the rules of law, and to
apply them to the legal evidence taken in the
trial, and to render the judgment of the law
upon the claims of the parties according to the
evidence. The phrases " to try," "tried,"
" convicted," " conviction," and "judgment"
are all used in the Constitution in connection
with impeachment and the proceedings in it.
Those words, in connection with their context,
establish, organize, and describe a court; and
as applied to the Senate necessarily constitute
it a court with jurisdiction to try all cases of
impeachment.
The Senate now and for this occasion is a
court of impeachment for the trial of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and, like all other
courts, is bound by the law and the evidence
properly applicable to the case.
The other novel position of the prosecution,
that on this trial the Senate " is a law to itself,"
is still more extraordinary. The power con-
ferred by the Constitution on the Senate when
trying impeachments is limited and wholly
judicial, and the idea of combining with it any
legislative power whatever is not only without
any warrant, but is in direct hostility to the
fundamental principle of our Government,
which separates and makes mutually impassa-
ble all its legislative and judicial power. But
the position that the Senate, when trying an
impeachment, is "a law to itself," is bound
by no law, may decide the case as it wills, is
illimitable and absolute in the performance
of special, restricted, judicial functions in a
limited government, is revoltingly absurd. On
the trial of any impeachment the Senate has
no more authority to make or disregard law
than it has to make or disregard facts; and it
would be as legitimate and proper and decor-
ous for the Managers, in relation to the evi-
dence in this case, to announce to the Senate,
"You are witnesses to yourselves" as "You
are a law to yourselves." No court has any
right or power to make or disregard either law
or evidence in the trial of any case; and a
court which would act upon and avow that
rule of conduct would be execrated by man-
kind. There is a particular and emphatic con-
trary obligation on this court, for each one of
its members has individually made a solemn
appeal to God "that in all things appertain-
ing to the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, now
pending, he will do impartial justice accord-
ing to the Constitution and the laws."
One of the leading and inflexible laws which
bind this court is em-bodied in the Constitution
in Ihese words:
"No porson shall be removed from office but on
impeachnrent for and conviction of treason, bribory,
or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
That is the category of all impeachable of-
fenses, and they must be acts declared by the law
of the United States to be treason or bribery,
or some other offense which it denominates a
"high crime or misdemeanor." The laws
which define impeachable offenses may be the
Constitution, or acts of Congress, or the com-
mon law, or some other code, if adopted either
by the Constitution or act of Congress. No
common-law offense, as such merely, can sus-
tain the impeachment of any officer; but to
have that authority, it must have become a part
of the law of the United States by being adopted
by the Constitution or some act of Congress,
and would have operation and effect only to the
extent that it was consistent with the provis-
ions, principles, and general spirit of the Con-
stitution.
No respectable authority has ever main-
tained that all offenses merely against the
common law, or merely against public morals
or dcceney were impeachable under our Con-
stitution. Story has argued, in support of the
position, that some offenses against the com-
mon law, and not made so by act of Congress,
are impeachable; but he states his premises
so generally and vaguely that it is impossible
to obtain a full and clear comprehension of
his meaning. He neither asserts the broad
proposition that all common-law offenses are
impeachable, nor does he attempt to define or
describe generally those that are; but contents
himself with the position, vaguely and hesitat-
ingly taken and maintained, that there are com-
mon-law offenses which are offenses against the
United States and which are impeachable; but
how or where or by what language of the Con-
stitution, or law of Congress they become of-
fenses against the United States he does not
attempt to show. But he distinctly admits
that to be impeachable the offense must be
against the United States.
The idea of prosecuting and punishing an
act as an offense, which no law has made an
offense, all must reject. Treason, bribery, high
crimes, and misdemeanors are technical terms,
found in the common law, and that express
certain classes of offenses. But the common
law, in whole or part, is not necessarily, or
per se, the law of the United States, and to
become so must be adopted by the Constitu-
tion or an act of Congress, and not otherwise.
There is no provision or words in the Consti-
tution which expressly or by implication adopts
the common law. When it was before the
conventions of the States on the question of
their ratification of it, that it did not adopt the
common law was frequently and strenuously
-objected to, especially in the convention of
Virginia; and no one denied the truth of that
position. The courts, Federal and State, and
the profession generally, have up to the pres-
ent time held that there is no adoption of the
common law by the Constitution of the United
States, and there never has been any by act
of Congress.
But this precise question has been decided
by the Supreme Court in the negative, and
more than once. Hudson & Goodwin were
indicted under the common law, in the circuit
court of the district of Connecticut, for a libel
against the Government of the United States ;
and the case was taken up to the Supreme
Court, which decided without any announced
difference of opinion among its members, and
with the full approbation ofPinckney , Attorney
General, that the courts of the United States
have no common-law jurisdiction in cases of
libel or any other crimes against the United
States ; but, that by the principles of general
law, they have the power to fine for contempt,
to imprison for contumacy, and to enforce the
observance of their orders. &c.; that the legis-
lative authority of the Union must first make
an act a crime,, affix a punishment to it, and i
declare the court that shall have jurisdiction.—
{1 Cranch, 32.) The court, in the case of the
United States vs. Coolidge, (1 Wharton, 415,) jj
being an indictment under the common1 law, II
for rescuing a prize -sea,* recognized the
authority or the previous case, and dismissed
the indictment. Judge Story'sat in both cases,
and was the only judge who expressed a'disstat
in the latter case from the ruling of thatfcoart.
The common law, in whole or part, has been
adopted by the constitutions or statutes of most
of the States; but in Louisiana it has never
States recognize and adopt, not the criminal,
but the civil portion of the common law, gen-
erally to the extent to which it has been ap-
Eropriated by a State, in all cases arising in that
tate within their jurisdiction; but not as the
commonlaw, norasthe lawofthe United States,
but as the law of the particular State. In
States that have not appropriated the common
law in whole or part, the United States courts
adopt such other law generally as they have
established for the government of cases arising
in them respectively. But this adoption by the
courts of the United States of the laws of the
States never extends to criminal or penal cases,
but is restricted to those of a civil nature. No
State ever executes in any form the penal laws
of another State, and the United States only
their own panal laws, and they exist in no other
form than acts of Congress.
The State of Maryland adopted the common
law, and on the organization of the District of
Columbia, Congress recognized and continued
the laws of that State in so much of it as had
b'feen ceded by Maryland. But the laws so
adopted by Congress were local to the Mary-
land portion of the District; they did not ex-
tend to the part of it ceded by the StateNof
Virginia, in which Congress adopted and con-
tinued in the same way the laws of Virginia.
As the laws of each State are local and dis-
tinctive, so are the laws of Maryland and Vir-
ginia which were adopted by Congress for the
District of Columbia on its organization, local
and distinctive to the portions of the District
that were ceded by those States respectively.
Treason, bribery, and other offenses of the
nature of high crimcs and misdemeanors, to
be impeachable, must be crimes against the
general law of the United States, and punish-
able in their courts of the localities where
committed. Thus, treason against the United
States is an impeachable offense, whether it be
committed in any State or Territory, or the
District of Columbia; and so of any other act
to be impeachable, it must be an offense by the
laws of the United States, if perpetrated any-
where within its boundary. That an act done
in the portion of this District, ceded by the
State of Maryland, would be an impeachable
offense, and a similar act done in any place
beside in the United States, would not be im-
peachable, is sustained by neither law nor
reason. Such an offense would be against the
District of Columbia, not against the United
States. The law of impeachment is uniform
and general, not various and local, and it has
no phase restricted to the District of Columbia
as has been assumed by the prosecution.
Then, besides treason and bribery, which
are impeachable by the Constitution, to make
any other act an impeachable offense it must
not only be defined and declared to be an of-
fense, but it must be stamped as a high crime
or misdemeanor by an act of Congress. The
words "high crimes and misdemeanors " do not
define and create any offense, but express,
generally and vaguely, criminal nature ; and
of themselves could not be made to sustain an
indictment or other proceeding for any offense
whatever; but a law must define an offense,
and affix one of those terms to it, to make it
a constitutional ground of impeachment. And
this is not all; the offense in its nature must
have the type of heinous moral delinquency,
or grave political viciousness, to make an
officer committing it amenable to so weighty
and unfrequent a responsibility as impeach-
ment. He' may have been guilty of a viola-
tion of the Sabbath or of profane swearing,
or of breaches of the mere forms of law ; and
if they had" been declared o'ffeuses by act of
