440
SUPPLEMENT TO
Congress, with the prefix of "high crime" or
" high misdemeanor " attached to them, they
would not be impeachable offenses. They
would be too trival, too much wanting in weight
and State importance to evoke so grave, so
great a remedy. £Jor would .any crime or
offense whatever against a State, or against
religion or morality, be a cause for impeach-
ment, unless such an act had been previously
declared by a law of Congress to be a high
prime or- a high misdemeanor, and was in its
character of deep turpitude.
It results from this yiew of the law of im-
peachment that, as none of the articles against
the President charge him with treason or brib-
ery, which are made impeachable offenses by
the Constitution, they, or some one of them,
must allege against him the doing of an act or
acts which a law of Congress has declared to
b,e an offense against the United States, and
4enominated it to be, and in its vicious nature
it must bs, a high crime or high misdemeanor,
and that the President did that act with a
criminal intent to violate the law, to authorize
.this court to convict liirn and pronounce judg-
ment that lie be removed from office.
I will now proceed to the examination of the
offenses charged in the several articles. The
first charges the President with the commission
of a high misdemeanor in having sent a letter
to Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of the De-
partment of War, dismissing him from office
while the Senate was in session, in violation of
the act of Congress "to regulate the tenure
of certain civil oflices."
Article two charges the President with the
commission of a high misdemeanor, in having
delivered his letter to Lorenzo Thomas direct-
ing him to assumo possession of the War De-
partment, and to perform its duties ad interim,
the Senate being then in session, and without
its advice and consent, there being 110 vacancy
in the oflieo-of Secretary of the Department
of War, in violation of his oath of office, the
Constitution of the United States, and the act
of Congress aforesaid.
Article four charges the President of unlaw-
fully conspiring with Lorenzo Thomas, with
intent, by intimidation and threats, to prevent
Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, from
holding said office, in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States and the "act
to define and punish certain conspiracies,"
whereby ho committed a high crime in office.
Article six charges the President, of having
conspired with Lorenzo Thomas, by force, to
seiise, take, and possess the property of the
United States, in the Department of War, in
violation of the civil oflice tenure act, whereby
he committed a high crimc in office.
The third, fifth, seventh, and eighth articles
charge the same matter, in somewhat different
form, as is embodied in the other four articles;
and 1 propose 'to consider the charges of the
whole eight as growing out of the act of the
President in Rending bis letter to Stanton
removing him from the office of Secretary of
War, and his letter to Thomas to take charge
ad interim of it. Those two letters compre-
hend the substance of all the offenses charged
against the President in the first eight articles.
The ninth article charges the President., as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, of having
attempted to induce General Emory, an army
officer, to disobey the law of Congress requiring
army orders from the President, or Secretary
of War, to be transmitted through the General
of the Army, and was guilty thereby of a high
misdemeanor in oflice.
To this article three answers may be made:
1. The act does not make an attempt to in-
duce a military officer to disobey it, whether
committed by the President or other person,
any offense.
2. The evidence not only does not sustain,
but disproves that charge against the Presi-
dent.
3. If the charge had been sustained by the
proof, the President, as Commander-in-Chief,
lias the absolute and unquestionable right to
issue military orders directly, and without the
intervention of another officer, to any officer
or soldier whatever; and the provision of the
act on which this article is based, is an un-
constitutional and flagitious attempt by Con-
gress to subordinate, in a measure, the Com-
mander-in-Chief to the General of the Army.
The tenth article is based wholly on pas-
sages taken from several public speeches made
by the President, not in his official character
but as a private citizen, to assembled crowds
of the people, by whom he was called out and
urged to addressthem. Whatever of improper
matter, manner, or spirit are in those public ad-
dresses was provoked by gross insults then of-
fered to him, which, though not a justification's
much palliation. The President was then exer-
cising a right which our fathers held inviola-
ble, and which they intended should never be
invaded, and for the protection of which they
made this special amendment to the Consti-
tution :
" Congress shall make no law abridging the free-
dom of speech or the press."
For the Senate, as a court of impeachment-,
to set up to be " a law to itself," and impeach
the President as guilty of a high crime and
misdemeanor for exercising a liberty which
the founders of our Government deemed so
valuable, so necessary to the preservation of
their freedom, as to declare in their funda-
mental law should never be abridged, would
violate that fundamental law and shock the
free spirit of America. The basing of an
article of impeachment on those speeches of
the President, is calculated to bring down upon
the whole proceeding the suspicion and revul-
sion of a free people, and it ought to be dis-
missed from this court as containing 110 im-
peachable matter.
The eleventh article charges that Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, was
guilty of" a high misdemeanor in declaring
and affirming in substance " that tho Thirty-
Ninth Congress of the United States was not a
Congress of the United States authorized by
the Constitution to exercise legislative power
under tho same, but, on tho contrary, was a
Congress of only part of the States." This is
not the language proved in the case to have
been used by the President 011 any occasion ;
andil'heliad used it, he could not be impeached
for it, because there is no law which makes
the use of such language by the President, or
any person, a high crime or misdemeanor or
any otfeiise, and any act of Congress declaring
it to be an offense would be unconstitutional
and void as abridging the ucedoin of speech.
This article also charges—
" That the said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, did, unlawfully and in disregard of the
requirement of tile Constitution that ho should take
earo that tlio laws be t'aichiuliy executed, attempt to
prevent tho execution of an aet entitled 4 An aet
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,' by
unlawfully devising and contriving menus by which
he .should prevent Edwin M.M.mtou lrotn forthwith
resuming the funclmns of the uihee of Secretary for
the Department of War. notwithstanding thercfusnl
ot the Senate to eoneur m tho suspension theretofore
made by said Andrew Johnson of said Kdwin ,"U.
Stanton from said oilice,"
To this charge it may be answered—it is
made in terms too general and vague to require
any answer—that the unlawful means which
the President devised and contrived to prevent
Edwin M. Stanton from forthwith resuming the
functions of the office of Secretary of War, are
not described or set out by any language what-
ever ; and that aet or any law of Congress does
not make the devising or contriving of any
means to prevent Edwin M. Stanton or any
other civil officer whom the President has re-
moved from office, and in whose removal the
Senate has refused to concur, from resuming
the duties of the office from which he has been
so removed, a high crime or misdemeanor, or
any offense; and said civil-office-tenure bill,
so far as it restiicts the President's power to
remove said Stanton, is not consistent with,
but in derogation of, the Constitution, and null
and void.
I And the eleventh article charges also that
i Andrew Johnson, President of the United
i States, devised and contrived other unlawful
means to prevent the execution of an act en-
titled ' 'An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes ;" and
also to prevent the execution of an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States." llpon this
last charge it may be observed—there is no
description or facts setting out the means
which the President devised and contrived to
prevent the execution of either of the acts
therein referred to—that the devising and con-
triving means to prevent the execution of said
acts, or either of them, is not made a high
crime or misdemeanor by them, or any law ;
that there is no evidence that he did devise and
contrive any means to prevent the execution of
said acts, or either of them; and that the act
first referred to, in the part which the Presi-
dent is charged to have violated, and the last
act, wholly, are unconstitutional, null, and
void. Thus, it is shown on tl^ese several
grounds, that there is nothing in the eleventh
article 011 which the President, can be im-
peached.
Some of the articles charge the President
with the commission of' high misdemeanors,
and others, of high crimes in the violation of
his official oath and of the Constitution gen-
erally. The Constitution has no provision
declaring a violation of any of its provisions
to be a crime ; that is a function of the legis-
lative power, and it has passed no law to make
violations of the Constitution, or of official
oaths by the President, or any other officers
crimes.
The articles of impeachment seem to be drawn
with studied looseness, duplicity, and vague-
ness, as with the purpose to mislead; certain
it is, if their matter charged to be criminal
had been separately, concisely, and distinctly
stated, this court, and especially its many mem-
bers who are not lawyers, would have had a
much more ready comprehension of it. I will
not take up and consider the other articles
seriatim., but will group their matter under
three heads: 1. The removal of Mr. Stanton
fromJihe office of Secretary of War; 2. the des-
ignation of General Thomas to take charge of
that office ad interim; 3. the alleged conspi-
racies of the President with Thomas to pre-
vent by intimidation and force Stanton from
acting as Secretary of War, and to take pos-
session of the property of the United States
in his custody. The letter of the President to
Mr. Stanton, informing him that he wastheieby
removed from office as Secretary of War, is
charged to be a high misdemeanor, and in vio-
lation of the act to regulate the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices.
The fifth and sixth sections of that aet are
the only parts of it which define and create any
offenses, and I will quote them both in their
order:
"If uny person shall, oontrary to the provisions of
this act, accept any appointment to, or employment,
ill .'my office, or shall hold or exorcise, or attempt to
hold or exercise any such office or employment, he
shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be guilty
of a high misdemeanor," &e.
This provision might apply to General
Thomas, the ad interim employe, but cannot
include the President.
The sixth section enacts—
" That every removal, appointment, orcmployment
made, had, or exercised, contrary to the provisions
of this act, and the making, signing, sealing, coun-
tersigning, 01* issuing of any commission or letter of
authority for or in respect to any such appointment
or employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to b,e, high misdemeanors," &c.
The President's letter to Mr. Stanton is not,
in fact, his removal from office, though it was
intended to procure it; but he refused obedi-
ence to it, persisted in holding the office of
Secretary of War, and still continues in it and
the actual discharge of its duties. The Presi-
dent's letter to him did not remove him in fact,
and if the civil-office-tenure act be constitu-
tional it did not in law ; and he is now, and has
t been ever since, notwithstandingthePresident's
I letter, dismissing him, in fact and law, in office.
1 It is contended by the prosecution that the
