3522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
an amendment, and while the amendment was
being read the Chair introduced these matters,
I holding the floor; and I have not yielded it
to allow a motion to adjourn to be made.
Mr. CHANDLEll. It was after my motion
to adjourn that the Chair laid those matters
before the Senate. I had the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan had the floor, I believe.
Mr. CATIELL. It was during the reading
of my amendment, I submit to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.The amend-
ment had been read. The question is on the
adjournment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 9, noes 19.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not make any
difference on a motion to adjourn ; the motion
is lost.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But you cannot do any
business.
Mr. WILSON. We had better have the yeas
and nays on the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maifie. Nineteen and
nine constitute a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It takes
twenty-nine now to make a quorum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ Then I ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays '25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, McCreery, Spraguo, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Willey—G.
NAYS — Messrs. Cattell, Conkling, Conness, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Krelinghuy-
sen, Harlan, Ilowe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ross, Sher-
man, Stowart, Thayer, Van Winkle, Vickers, AYado,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Kessenden,
j'\jwler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Morrill of Vermont.Morton, Norton, Nyo,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, llainsey, liice,
Saulsbury, and Sumner—25.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to make a very
brief statement in regard to the amendment
which I have proposed, which is to increase
the salaries of the principal clerks in the Mint
at Philadelphia, those who are charged with
the responsible duty of having charge of the
bullion and passing millions of dollars through
their bands. Their salary has not been changed
since 1854, and when a revision was made of
the salaries of the officers in the Mint these
gentlemen were in some way overlooked. They
are now under heavy bonds, and yet they are
upon salaries of SI,500 each, less than that
of a third-class clerk in the Departments in
the city of Washington. This advance of
their salary is recommended by the Treasurer,
Mr. McKibbin, at Philadelphia, by the Director,
Mr. Linderman, and also by the Secretary of
the Treasury in a very warm letter on the sub-
ject. One of these clerks, the weigh clerk,
for instance, informs me that he passes through
his hands in the course of a year from thirty
to fifty million dollars, reaching one year
$09,000,000 of bullion, and that he frequently
has in charge under his own key five, six.
seven, or eight million dollars of treasure. All
of the gentlemen connected with the Mint
speak of these as being highly responsible
positions, and of the incumbents, who have
tilled them for years, as being of the highest
character both as to ability and as to integrity.
This proposition has been submitted to the
Committee on Finance, and upon examination
has been recommended by that committee. It
has also been submitted to the Committee on
Appropriations, and I believe has met with
some success even with that committee ; at any
rate with its chairman. I believe that this
advance upon these salaries is justly due to
honest, luilhful, competent officers, filling high
positions of trust and responsibility upon sal-
aries, as I have already observed, really below
that of a third-class clerk in the city of Wash- I
ington. Having said this much, I submit it
to the Senate.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Several Senators. Let us pass this bill
first.
Mr. McCREERY. Very well; I withdraw
the motion for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that within the rule,
I should like to know ?
Mr. CATTELL. Certainly it is. If the
Senator had done me the honor to listen to my
remarks he would have learned that it had
been through all its stages.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes fourteen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not a majority
of a quorum ; the amendment i? lost.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those in
the negative will rise.
Six Senators rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is one little amend-
ijiipiit that I wish to offer 
!1he PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending, and there is no quo-
rum to decide it.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment. I hope Senators will
vote; and I trust they will agree to this amend-
ment. I think it is but an act of justice.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Colo, Oovhett, Davis, Doo-
little, Frelinghuysen, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle, Viekers, Wil-
liams, and Yates—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Oonkling, Conness, Cragin, Ed-
munds, llarlan, McCreery, Morgan, Peterson of
New Uampshire, Tiumbuli, Wade, and Wiison—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bavard, Buckalow,
Cameron, Chandler, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden,
Fowler. Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
llovre, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rico. Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
and Willey—30.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have the absentees called, and J make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order, and I ask for the reading of the six-
teenth rule.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
"16. When the yeasand nays shall becallcd forby
one fifth of the Senators present, cach Senator called
upon shall, unless for special reasons he bo excused
by the Senate, declare openly and without debate bis
assent or dissent to the question. In taking the yeas
and nays and upon a call of the Senate the names
of the Senators shall be called alphabetically."
Mr. CONKLING. I see the Senator froin
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] in his seat. I beg to
inquire of him whether he voted on the call?
His name does not appear.
Mr. RAMSEY. I respectfully inform the
Senator from New York that I was not in my
seat at the time the roll was called.
Mr. CONKLING. But some time before
the announcement was made the Senator was
in his seat.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was in conversation with
a Senator, and did not observe that my name
was called.
Mr. CONKLING. Nevertheless, •! submit
we are entitled to have the Senator vote, as we
are trying to get a quorum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is all out of order.
Asa quorum is not present, we must adjourn
or send for the absentees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe my
motion is in order to call the absentees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Maine is in order.
Less than a quorum can compel the attendance
of the absent members.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I merely ask
that they be called. I do not ask that they be
notified to attend, but that the list of those who
have not voted shall be called by the Secretary,
that it may be seen who are absent,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be callcd.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the names
of the absentees, as follows:
Mr. Anthony, Mr. Bayard, Mr. Buckamtw,
Mr. Cameron, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Dixon,
Mr. Drake, Mr. Ferry, Mr. Fessenden, Mr.
Foivler, Mr. Grimes, Mr. Henderson, Mr.
Hendricks. Mr. Howard, Mr. Howe 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Howe is
present.
The Chief Clerk, (continuing.) Mr. Mor-
rill of Vermont, Mr. Morton, Mr. Norton,
Mr. Nye, Mr. Patterson of Tennessee, Mr.
Pomeroy, Mr. Ramsey 
Mr. RAMSEY. Here.
The Chief Clerk;, (continuing.) Mr. Rice,
Mr, Saulsbury, Mr. Sumner, Mr. Thayer,
Mr. Tipton 
Mr. TIPTON. Here.
The Chief Clerk, (continuing.) Mr. Wil-
ley.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to state that
my colleague [Mr. "VYilley] has gone home
very unwell.
Mr. HOWE. Is not my vote recorded?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. HOWE. I voted in the negative.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Min-
nesota and the Senator from Nebraska, with
the Senator from Wisconsin, make a quorum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Imovethatthe
names of the Senator from Minnesota and the
Senator from Nebraska be called.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not need any
motion. You have a right' to insist upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Called for what pur-
pose ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. To vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They cannot vote after
the result is declared. There is an express
rule forbidding it. I object to it. They have
no right to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All you have to do is to
call the yeas and nays over again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have no right to
call the yeas and nays over again. I object
to that. The question is decided, and you
cannot decide it twice except by a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. MORRILL,_ of Maine. Then I will
submit another motion, and see what the Sen-
ator says to that. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to notify absent members
tc attend the meeting of the Senate. I feel
justified in making this motion because I
notice that by a systematic effort certain Sen-
tors left the Senate obviously for the purpose
of breaking up a quorum when this call began.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that motion
is necessary. The rule is imperative and plain.
If the want of a quorum is disclosed the vote
iails, and then as soon as a quorum is got
together the roll is again called, without an
ordering of the yeas and nays, and the vote is
taken again.
Certainly; there is no
An 1 I ask now that the
Mr. EDMUNDS.
doubt of that.
Mr. SHERMAN.
roll be called again.
Mr. MORRILLof Maine. If that is in order
I withdraw my motion for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Regularly
the roll should be called to ascertain whether
there is a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It now appears that there
is a quorum present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has not been made
to appear yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
may be called again on the same question. I
see no impropriety in that, although I never
knew it to be done before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose when it is
ascertained that we have got a quorum that
must be done.
Mr. CONKLING. That is ascertained now.
