1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
91
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro- j|
priations. :
indian depredations in idaho.
Mr. HOLBROOK also introduced a bill to
reimburse the people of the Territory of Idaho
• for losses sustained by Indian depredations and
for moneys expended in protecting their prop-
erty against hostile Indians; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOLBROOK also introduced a bill to
reimburse the citizens of Wosco, Umatilla,
Union, Grant, and Baker counties for losses
sustained by Indian depredations; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. |
national currency. i
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a joint reso- j
lution providing for an amendment of section i
thirty of an act entitled '' An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof;" which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask that the joint
resolution be read.
The joint resolution was read. It instructs
the Committee on Banking and Currency to in-
quire into the expediency of so amending the
thirtieth section of the act entitled " An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864, as to render absolutely void all
contracts for taking, receiving, reserving, or
charging a greater rate of interest than is pro-
vided for in said section, and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. j
bills and joint resolutions.
Tift SPEAKER. The Chair desires, inas-
much as many joint resolutions are introduced
which ought to be bills, to call the attention
of members to the paragraph on this subject
on page 99 of the revised edition of Barclay's
Digest, which shows the distinction between
joint resolutions and bills and the ancient prac-
tice on the subject. It will be seen that many
things are now introduced as joint resolutions
which ought to be in the shape of bills.
question of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it,
although he cannot see what question of order
can interfere with the morning hour on Mon-
day.
Mr. SCHENCK. It relates to the reference
of a bill this morning. We are engaged in
referring bills not to be brought back by mo-
tions to reconsider; and I do not know any
way of reaching the matter unless it be by a
question of order; and I submit to the Speaker
whether I cannot make such a question.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
introduced a bill which was read by its title
and at once referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency; it is a bill for the
gradual resumption of specie payments, con-
taining, among other things, a provision for
the issuing of $50,000,000 of bonds, of de-
nominations not exceeding fifty dollars, with
coupons, payable at the discretion of the Sec-
retary in five years, or to run for forty years,
with provisions also in regard to other matters.
I take it that this matter belongs properly, I
might almost say exclusively, to the Commit-
tee of Ways a^d Means, I know the difficulty
hince the committees have been separated of
determining in some instances the exclusive
jurisdiction of each committee in matters re- !
lating to finances; but I think in the whole
body of this bill—certainly in that part of
it which relates to the subjects to which I have
referred—there is a clear instance of encroach-
ment upon the jurisdiction of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The question of order I make is against the
reference of this bill to the Committee on
Banking and Currency. It may be that the
question was not raised in time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dverrules the
point of order. An amendment to the motion
to refer would have been in order at that time,
but it cannot now be referred to another com-
mittee except by bringing the bill back into
the House and re-referring it. The Chair is of
the opinion that the subjects to which the
gentleman refers are properly within the juris-
diction of the Committee of Wavs and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. We did not. know the
contents of the bill until after it was introduced
and referred. I will submit a motion, which I
think will be in order, perhaps, that the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency be instructed
to report this bill forthwith back to the House,
with a view to having it" referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order during the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I give notice that
at the proper time I will submit such a motion.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
and Territories for resolutions.
codifying statutes of united states.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of fivemem- ,
bers of this House, be appointed by the Speaker, to
which committee shall be referred the report of the
commissioners heretofore appointed to revise, sim-
plify, arrange, and consolidate the statutes of the
United States.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
test-oath for conventions.
Mr. BOUTWELL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the law as to require members of constitutional
conventions in the unreconstructed States to take
the oath usually known a3 the test-oath, and to re-
port thereon by bill or otherwise.
limit of revenue and expenditures.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
amount of revenue annually collected by taxation
should not exceed $300,000,01)0; that the Committee
of Ways and Means be instructed to report a bill so :
modifying internal taxation as to reduce the revenue
from internal taxes and the tariff duti«s to $300,000,000,
and that the Committee on Appropriations be in-
structed not to exceed that amount, including inter-
est on the public debt, in the appropriations reported
to this House.
I ask the indulgence of the House to make
a few remarks on this resolution.
The SPEAKER. During the morning hour
on Monday the Chair cannot ask unanimou.s
consent for any purpose whatever. And if a.
resolution gives rise to debate it will go over
under the rule.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
call the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
is too extravagant in the matter of appropria-
tions. I think they can be placed at a less sum
than that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As there
seems to be some difference of opinion upon
the subject of the resolution I will withdraw
it for the presentj with the hope that the House
will allow me to introduce it when I can have
some time in which to explain it.
The resolution was accordingly withdrawn.
printing of bills hour rule.
Mr. ELIOT. I submit the following resolu-
tion, upon which I call for the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be
directed to inauire whether it is not expedient to pro-
vide by amendment of the rules that consent of the
House shall not be asked for leave to print bills or
joint resolutions before they are reported on by the
committees of the House, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to
withdraw the call for the previous question,
that I may offer an amendment, which I think
will secure the assent of the House, directing
the Committee on the Rules to inquire also into
the expediency of providing a rule forbidding
the Presiding Officer from entertaining any
proposition to extend the limit of debate now
allowed by the hour rule. 1 think this prac-
tice of suspending the hour rule has gone far
enough.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield to allow the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois to be
entertained ; and I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
put into the resolution a direction that the
committee inquire into the expediency of
repealing the hour rule altogether.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] can offer a resolution to that
effect when his State is called.
The previous question wassecSnded, and the
main question ordered ; which was first upon
the amendment offered by Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois.
On the amendment there were—ayes 41,
noes 64.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburne
of Illinois and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
Mr. PRUYN. I rise to a point of order:
that this House cannot, by any action of its
own, undertake to limit and restrict its powers
when it is assembled here in pursuance of the
Constitution and the laws; and any proposi-
tion to the effect that the Chair shall not put
a question which it is within the power of the
House to decide upon is, I submit, out of order,
and should not be entertained by the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that all the rules
in the Digest are restrictions upon the powers
of legislation, prescribing certain days when
reports of committees shall be received, and
certain times when other busines shall be done ;
and it is provided that the rules shall not be
suspended, except on Mondays after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. PRUYN. That is true ; but this motion
proposes to prescribe, not a regulation, but a
positive rule of exclusion and prohibition; and
such a rule, I submit, we have no right to
adopt.
The SPEAKER. This proposed rule is
analogous to one of the provisions of the na-
tional Constitution, which declares that all the
States combined shall not have power to change
the Constitution so as to interfere with the
equal representation of the States in the Sen-
ate of the United States—an absolute prohibi-
tion upon the entire Republic.
Mr. PRUYN. Well, I did not know before
that the rules of this House stand on the same
footing as the Constitution of the United States.
The SPEAKER. They do not. The Chair
mentioned that only as an analogous case.
Mr. PRUYN. In my view, this House,
when assembled under the Constitution of the
United States, can do anything within the
range of its constitutional powers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 74.
So the amendment of Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, was not agreed to.
The question then recurring on the adoption
of the resolution of Mr. Eliot, there were, on
a division—ayes 35, noes 60.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us
have the yeas and nays, so that we may see
who are in favor of throwing the public money
away on this unnecessary public printing.
