1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8523
Mr. TRUMBULL. It* the Chair is satisfied
that a quorum is present, very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
the proper way to test that would be to call
the roll and find out. The Chair is of opinion
that there is a quorum present. The roll may
be called again on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, if there is no objection
to it. I see no objection.
The question being again taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 10, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Curbett, Davis, Doo-
Jittle, FieHnghuysen, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Williams, and. Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Conkling. Conne?s, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Harlan, Howe, McCreery, Morgan, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, ITessen-
den. Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Patterson of Tennessee. Pomeroy, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sumner, and Willey—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to offer two amend-
ments. Notice of them has been given, and I
am instructed by the Committee on Printing to
report them. The first is on page 9? at the end
of line two hundred and seven, to insert:
Provided, That the foreman of binding in the Gov-
ernment Printing Office be paid the same salary now
allowed to the foreman of printing.
Mr. CONICLING-. What is the salary of
the foreman of printing?
Mr. ROSS. The salary of the foreman of
printing is now $1,800. The foreman of bind-
ing receives $1,500, and performs the same
labor and the same responsibility, and ought to
have the same pay.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I suggest to the Senator
who moves this, if it is in order—I do not
know whether notice has been given—that he
change the phraseology and specify the sum.
I think it is an unfortunate way of legislation
to make the salary the same as some other
salary.
Mr. ROSS. I will accept the modification.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It had better
be put distinctly, so as to state the sum to be
paid.
The amendment was modified to read*
Provided, That the salary of the foreman of binding
in the Government Printing Office shall hereafter be
$1,800 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. On page 3, after line sixty-two,
I move to insert:
Provided, That $20,000 of the appropriations hereto-
fore made and unexpended "for purchase of one com-
plete set of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
for each Senator and Representative who have not
already received them," may be applied for the pay-
ment of tho Congressional Globe and Appendix for
the fiscal year, ending June 30,1868.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That comes from
the Committee on Printing, and I know nothing
about it except what is gathered from a copy of
a letter which I have received and ask the Clerk
to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Congressional Globe Office,
Washington, June 12,1868.
Dear Sir: In consequence of no appropriations
whatever being made to meet the accounts of this
office for reporting and printing the debates of the
Senate for the additional session (sittings of March,
July, and Novembor, 18G7.) and for the copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix for Senators for
the same session, a deficiency has been created—a
deficiency which may, however, be in large part met
a.nd provided for without additional appropriation,
and in this way, namely: by authorizing a transfer
of a portion of an unexpended balance of appropri-
ations heretofore made to pay for complete sets of
tho Congressional Globe and Appendix for newSen-
ators. [Not more than tifty per cent, of the appro-
priations made for that specific purpose hare ever
been required.]
The unexpended balance referred to amounts to
$27,293 84; of which sum S20,40p may be transferred
to meet the deficiency existing in tho sum requisite
to pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix tor
Senators for the currentsession, which work has been
completed to the extent of more than the three thou-
sand pages limit, and delivered to Mr. Defrees, the
Congressional Printer, and for which we hold his
receipts.
VYe would suggest that, providing such a transfer
as we have indicated be made, a very suitable point
in the bill now pending (II. R. No. 605) would be im-
mediately after line sixty-two—as lines sixty-one
and sixty-two contain a proposition to pay for that
particular branch of the woik for the ensuing ses-
sions.
The deficiency which exists in the appropriations
for reportingand printing m the Daily Globe we shall
take measures to have providedfor in tho deficiency
bill now framing by the appropriate eommitteo of
the House of Representatives.
Trusting that our suggestion may be favorably
considered by yourself and your honorable commit-
tee, we remain, very respectfully,
]?. & J. RIVBS & GEORGE A. BAILEY,
Reporter* and Printei 8 of the Debates of Congress.
Hon. Lot M. Mobrill, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriations, United States Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
did not adopt that suggestion, for reasons obvi-
ous enough on the reading of the letter. The
committee had no such information as justified
them in adopting it; and supposing that if it
was offered by the Committee on Printing in the
Senate they would be able to communicate such
intelligence to the Senate as would enable the
Senate to act intelligently on the subject, we
left it to them. Whether they have done sq or
not, it is for the Senate to judge. I would
suggest, however, that as these persons say
themselves that they have a further appropri-
ation to put upon the deficiency bill which is
now being matured in the other House, much
damage will not be likely to accrue to them if
this amendment be withdrawn. This, evi-
dently, is a deficiency, if anything.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They say it is in their
own letter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A deficiency
growing out of increased service occasioned
by the extra sessions last year.
Mr. CRAGIN. Perhaps I can shed some
light on this subject, and this may not be a
deficiency except in mere form. Our former
Secretary drew the money appropriated for
this purpose. When the present Secretary
was elected by the Senate the moneys on hand
in the charge of Colonel Forney were restored
to the Treasury. Among those moneys, to my
certain knowledge, was a portion of the amount
appropriated for this purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Restored to the credit
of the appropriation?
Mr. CRAGIN. Restored to the credit of
the Secretary. When his accounts are settled
I suppose the money will be handed over
again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The money is provided
for the object, whether it be in the Secretary's
hands or in the Treasury.
Mr. ROSS. Acting on the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENTprotmpore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. RAMSEY. In page 41, line nine hun-
dred and eighty-four, I move to strike out
"three'1 and insert "ten." The object of
this amendment is to increase the salaries
of the Assistant Postmasters General to the
same amount that has been bestowed on the
Comptrollers of the Treasury. It is obviously
correct. The duties are equally honorable and
responsible, and there is no reason why there
should be a discrimination.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must raise a
question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has notice
been given to the Committee on Appropria-
tions ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I did give notice a few
moments ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will not
do. It is not in order.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. For that reason I desired
the Senate to adjourn until to-morrow, so that
it might be in order if it would gratify the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought I saw
that plainly by the movements in that region.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have a short amendment.
It will take but a few moments. On page 4,
line eighty-three, I move to strike out "five"
and insert "ten."' This is an appropriation
for additional laborers and messengers for the
Senate 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same rule
applies to that.
Mr. CRAGIN. The rule as I understand '.s
that, you cannot introduce new matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is an in-
crease. I raise the question of order.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 supposed you could in-
crease or diminish art appropriation in the
bill.
Mr. MOR.RILL, of Maine. You can di-
minish, but not increase.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not in order.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
establishing rules and articles for the govern-
ment of the Army of the United States. It is a
very important bill, and I want an hour or two
to-morrow for the purpose of considering it.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. WILSON. I hope I shall be allowed
to have Senate bill No. 529 first taken up.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If there be
no objection the Chair will put the question on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business ; and after some time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 26, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTER SERVICE.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I find it imprac-
ticable to attend, as one of the representatives
of the House, the national shooting festival at
New York, and ask, therefore, to be excused.
It was ordered accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin, to fill the vacancy.
RICHARD WILLAKD.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Richard Willard, for reference to
the Treasury Department.
ISSUE OF ARMS TO MILITIA.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1842) to provide for
the issue of arms for the use of the militia;
which was read the first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
ADMISSION OF STATES.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to present to the Secretary of
State the act entitled." An act to admit the States of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
Alabama, and Horidatorepresentation in Congress,"
together with thecertificates of tho Clerk ofthe Mouse
of Representatives and Secretary ofthe Senate, show-
ing that the said act was passed by the vote of two
thirds of both Houses of Congress, after the objections
of the President thereto had been received, and after
the reconsideration of said act by both Houses m
accordance with the Constitution.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
