442
SUPPLEMENT TO
tion and the laws; and an act of Congress which
byits terms so provides as to strip him of that
power, in whole or part, and to make his per-
formance of duty after its exercise a crime, is
unconstitutional and void. The exercise of a
constitutional power and the performance of
constitutional duty by the President can be
inade'nelther criminal nor punishable either by
impeachment, or fine and imprisonment.
If President Johnson has from the Constitu-
tion the sole power to remove from office, his
letter to Mr. Stanton dismissing him from the
office of Secretary'of War could not be made
a crime by any act which Congress could pass;
and it produced a vacancy in the office which
his action, in some form, was necessary to fill;
and, in the meantime, it was his duty to supply
the vacancy in the office temporarily according
to law.
Very soon after the Government went into
operation, vacancies by death and otherwise
occurred in various offices ( and, whether it was
during the recess or session of the Senate, the
President was frequently not prepared to fill
them properly by appointment and commis-
sions to terminate at the end of its next ensu-
ing session, or to make a nomination to it for
its advice and consent, from a want of a knowl-
edge of men, and many other causes. To meet
this temporary exigence Congress, in an act
passed in May, 1702, made this provision:
" that in case of tho death, absence from the seat
of Government, or sickness of the Secretary of Stato,
Secretary of the 'treasury, or of tlio Secretary of the
Department of War, or of any officer ot either ot stud
Department!; whoso appointment is not in the head
thereof, whereby they cannot, perform the duties of
their respective offices, it shall no lawful tor the Pres-
ident of the United Statos, in caso he shall think it
neccssitry, to authorize any person or persons, at his
discretion, to perform the duties of the said respective
offioes until a suecossor shall bo appointed."
This law is strictly within the power of Con-
gress :
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the powers vested
by the Constitution in tlio President."
It confers no new power upon him ; all the
exceutivo power of the Government had been
vested in him by the Constitution, and this act
only furnished him facilities for its proper and
convenient execution.
But this law was essentially defective; it
was limited to the three Departments first or-
ganized—State, Treasury, and War—and to
vacancies in ollice occasioned by death, ab-
sence from the seat of Government, or sick-
ness. Other legislation was necessary, and
in February, 1795, Congress passed this other
law:
" That in case of vacancy in tho office of Secretary
of Wtate, tSeeretary ot tho Treasury, or ot the ,Sucre-
tary of tho Department of War, or of any officer of
either of tho said Departments whose appointment
is not ill the head thereof, whereby thoy cannot per-
form tho duties of thoir respective offices, it shull bo
lawful for the President ot tho United States, in case
lie shall think it necessary, to authorize nun pa-sun
or persons, at his discretion, to perforin the duties
of said respective offices, until a successor bo ap-
pointed or sue.ii vacancy filled: Provitfi'd, Thai, no
one vacancy shall bo supplied in manner aforesaid
for a longer period than six months."
ft Will be observed, that this second law
covers the whole ground, and more, occupied
by the first; it applies to the same three De-
partments, none others being then organized;
but it is extended beyond vacancies occasioned
by death, absence from the seat of Govern-
ment, or sickness, and provides for all va-
cancies, from whatever causes produced, and
limits the continuance of such supplies to six
months.
But this legislation in time became incom-
plete, as it did not provide for this supply of
temporary service in the Navy, Post Office,
and Interior Departments, and tho office of
Attorney .General, when vacancies should
oceur in them. But, nevertheless, in consid-
eration of the special requisition of the Consti-
tution, that the President should see that the
laws be faithfully executed, that all the execu-
tive power of the Government was vested in
him, and from the necessity of the case, every
President from the passage of the first act of
1792 exercised the power of designating some
person for the supply temporarily, When vacan-
cies occurred, not only in the Foreign, Treasury,
and War Departments, but also in all the other
Departments; and there are many instances
of such appointments spreading over that
whole period. These temporary appointments
were not provided for by the Constitution, but
from time to time by the laws of Congress
which regulated them; and they were in truth
not appointments to" office, but a designation
of persons to supply "the places and perform
the duties temporarily of offices, in which va-
cancies occurred, until they could be filled by
regular appointments; and their necessity and
validity were questioned by no one.
But in February, 1863, Montgomery Blair,
Postmaster General, resigned his office during
the session of the Senate, and President Lin-
coln designated an Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral to perform the duties ad interim of Post-
master General, and afterwards sent a special
message to Congress, then in session, asking its
attention to the fact, that the laws of Congress
in relation to such appointments, applied only
to the Foreign, Treasury, and War Depart-
ments, and recommended the passage of an
act to extend them to the other Departments of
the Government. Thereupon Congress passed
the act containing these provisions:
"That in ease of the death, resignation, abscnee
from the seat of Government, or sickness of the head
of any executivo Department of tho Government, or
of any otlicerof either of said Departments whoso ap-
pointment is not in tho licad thereof, whereby they
cannot perform the duties of their respective offices,
it shall bo lawful for tho President of the United
States, in easo ho shall think it necessary, to authorize
tiie licad of any other exeeutivcDepartment, or other
officer in either of said Departments whose appoint-
ment. is vested in tlio Presidont, at his discretion, to
porform the duties of thosaid respective otlices until
a fciteeessor bo appointed, or until such nbsenco or
inability by sickness shall eoaso: Provided, That no
one vacancy shall ho supplied in manlier atoresaid
ior a longer period than six months.
" Sue. 2. And he it further nwtcd. That all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent, with the provisions of this
act aro hereby repealed."
I have embodied in this opinion the whole
of the three acts of Congress, authorizing tho
temporary supply, or ad interim appointments
to the several Departments of the Govern-
ment. The last act only has express words
of repeal, and they are restricted to acts or
parts of acts that are inconsistent with its pro-
visions. It provides in general language for
ihc supply of vacancies occurring in all the
Departments, and tho spirit and meaning of
the provision will also inelude the ollice of At-
torney General; it, however, does notnpply to
all vacancies that may occur in them, but only
to such as are caused by ''death, resignation,
absence from the seat of Government, or sick-
ness." It makes no provision whatever for
vacancies resulting from other causes, but, like
the act of 1792, is defective in this respect;
that act having provided only for vacancies
produced by death, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness, and this act making
provision but for one additional class of vacan-
cies, by death; both omitted vacancies by
removal and expiration of term of office.
Tho chief purpose of the act of 1796 was to
supply the defect of the act of 1792, in the class
of vacancies, and it was made to extend to
vacancies generally, all vacancies that might
occur from any cause; but, like the previous
act, it extended only to the Departments of For-
eign Affairs, of the Treasury, and of War,
being all the Departments then organized. If
this provision of the act of 1795, had embodied
words which would have applied it to such
other Departments of the Governmentas might
thereafter be created, there would have been
no necessity for the act of 3 SG3, and there never
would have been any thought of it. The act
of 1795, comprehending vacancies from every
cause—expiration of the term of office, re-
moval, or any other possible cause—and the
act of 18G3 providing only for such as were
produced by death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, and sickness, the act
of 1795, so far as it provides for vacancies
from expiration of official term or removal
from office, is not inconsistent with the act of
1863, and therefore, to that extent., is not re-
pealed by it, and governs the ease of the re-
moval of Stanton and the letter of the Presi-
dent to General Thomas directing him to take
charge ad interim, of the War Department.
If there Was a vacancy it was produced by
presidential removal; and the designation by
the President of General Thomas or any other
person for the temporary performance of its
duties was authorized by the law of 1795, and
if there was no vacancy in the office there could
be and was no appointment to or employ-
ment of Thomas in it, as Stanton -tfas never
out and he never in actually; and the letter
of the President to him being neither appoint-
ment. to or employment in the office, and hav-
ing no validity or effect, its simple delivery to
Thomas constitutes no crime for punishment
by impeachment, or trial, judgment, and sen-
tence in a criminal court. It is the appoint-
mefit Or employment, not the abortive effort to
do either, by the President that is the offense.
It is admitted, that if the President's letter
to Thomas had been addressed to any officer
of either of the Departments, or ho had filled
an office in one of them, it would not have been
in conflict with the act of 1803, and would have
been authorized by the act of 1795, As it had
no effect to put Stanton out or Thomas in
office, and no more results were produced bylt
than if it had never been written, can statesmen,
Senators, and judges announce to the nation
and tho world that the writing of this letter
is a high crime and misdemeanor, and sufficient
ground for the impeachment of the President of
the United States?
There is another constitutional principlo
which prevents the civil-office-tenure act from
governing the case of Stanton. He was ap-
pointed by President Lincoln in his first term,
and by the language of his commission was to
hold his office during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident. All concede that the law, constitutional
or statutory at that time, and down to the
passage of the civil-oflice-tenure bill, author-
ized the President to remove Stanton from
office whenever he willed to do so.
But it is contended, that this act changed the
tenure and conditions by which Stantou held
his office, from an indefinite term and presi-
dential will to a certain term, and the over-
ruling of the presidential by the senatorial
will; that he held his office until the expiration
of one month from the 4th of March, 1809,
when tho four years for which Mr. Lincoln was
elected the second time would end, and Mi-.
Stanton's term as Secretary of War would thus
continue until April t>, 1809, during which pe-
riod he could not be removed by the President
without the permission of the Senate. This is
not the appointment, the ordination into the
office of Secretary of War of Stanton as Pres-
ident Lincoln made it, but a new and essen-
tially different one; and who conferred it upon
him? Not the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, but Congress,
by the form of a legislative act. It is an indi-
rect attempt by the legislative department of
the Government to strip the executive depart-
ment, of a material portion of the power of
appointment to office, and to invest one of its
own brauehes with il, and this against the
presidential veto. To give Mr. Stanton, or
any officer in office, the benelits of the new
conditions and tenure organized by the civil-
office-tenurc act., requires a new appointment
to bo made by the President, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and not by Con-
gress in the form of an act of legislation. To
confer on him these cumulative benefits would
require a cumulative appointment and com-
mission, in the form and by the authority pre-
scribed by the Constitution.
But another ground of the defense against
the articles based on the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton is, that his case does not, and was not, in-
tended to come within the language and oper-
ation of the civil-office-tenure act-
From the terms, provisions, and history of
the passage of that act through the two Houses
of Congress, it is plain that that body adopted
