2500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 16,
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the
Paymaster General of the Army, out of any
moneys in 'nis possession appropriated for the
payment of the Army, to pay to Charles E.
Capehart, late captaiu of company A of the
first regiment cif West Virginia cavalry volun-
teers, the pay and allowances of a captain of
cavalry from July 2, 1862, to March 1, 1863,
atter deducting from the amount of said pay
and allowances any sums of money heretofore
paid Capehart by the pay department for his
services for that time; provided that Cape-
hart present the usual certificates required by
the rules of the pay department upon filial
payment of volunteer officers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the motion to refer the
bili?
The SPEAKER. It is that it be put on its
passage.
Mr. CIIANLER. I" reserve the right to
object.
Mr. GAIlFIELD. I will make a statement
of the facts in the case. The bill was passed
by the Senate on a printed report which lies
upon your table, Mr. Speaker, from a Senate
committee, _ and the only point involved is
this: Captaiu Capehart was mustered into the
service by a colonel of volunteers, and he sup-
posed, as everybody at that time supposed,
it was a proper muster. But when he came
to make nis final settlement it was decided that
a colonel of volunteers had no right to muster;
that it should have been done by an officer of
the regular Army. Therefore his pay was
stopped because he was not mustered by a
regular officer. He did duty, commanded his
company, and was mustered, as he supposed,
properly and regularly. We desire to cure that
delect of muster. The colonel of volunteers
mustered him in in good faith. There was
good faith in the whole transaction. The bill
is carefully guarded, so that nothing can be
paid except for service actually rendered. It
amounts to only three or four hundred dollars.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not object to this
special case, but I do object to all special legis-
lation. There are many cases exactly like this,
and all ^ ought to be provided for in a general
bill. Every member who has had any expe-
rience in the Thirty-Ninth Congress knows
there are many such cases.
Mr, GARFIELD. Thegentleman from New
York suggests we had better bring in a general
bill. We thought it wise not to bring in a gen-
eral bill on the subject. In the first place, a
great many cases might get through under the
terms of a general act which ought not to pass.
In the next place there are but few such cases
Indeed, thecommittee has never before had a
case before it like it. This man was mustered
in, but objection was raised that the officer was a
volunteer and not a regular. This case, so far
as 1 know, stands alone. If there are others
they certainly must be few. We thought it
safer, therefore, to pass a special bill, and if
there be other cases let each stand on its own
merits. Of course I would prefergeneral legis-
lation if we could do it safely and not let too
many cases through.
ilr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to object
to this. On the contrary, I think it ought to
pass ; but I renew the objection of the gentle-
man irom New York, and desire to say further
that there are more cases of this kind. I have
tv/o cases exactly like it in principle before me.
7 here must necessarily be cases where service
has been actually performed by officers ai*l no
pay can be given. It is a most laborious and
tedious process to make up a case and get it
before Congress for special relief. It does
seem to me to be neeessaiy to have a general
law, properly guarded, providing for the pay-
ment of otlieers who have actually performed
duty, and are unable to receive any other pay
than that of a private.
Mr. GAIIHELD. There is now a general
law that meets the case where a man was not
mustered at all, or was not mustered until
he had served more than one month. But
this is a different ease, in which, after the man
was mustered, the roiistej' declared irreg-
ular. If the gentleman has the cases he men-
tions. and will send them to the committee, I
have no doubt they will pass upon them in the
same way as we have upon this.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Jcdd and Mr. Moore.
hotel at fortress monroe.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 266) to authorize the enlargement
of the HygeiaHotel atFortress Monroe; which
was read a first and second time.
The resolution authorizes the Secretary of
War to grant permission to Henry Clarke, pro-
prietor of the Hygeia Hotel at Fortress Monroe,
to enlarge the site of the same in such manner
as may be compatible with the interest of the
United States, provided that such enlargement
on any building hereafter erected by any per-
son or persons on the land of the United States
at Fortress Monroe shall be at once removed
at the expense of the respective owners when-
ever the Secretary of War shall deejn such
removal necessary, and no claim for damages
therefor shall he made upon the Government
of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. A bill was passed pre-
cisely similar in character to this, allowing
another person to build a hotel on the grounds
occupied by one recently burned. This stands
on precisely the same merits, but we have
added a clause to cover both this and the other
case, that no claim for damages shall be
brought in case the Government orders the
buildings to be removed, and that they are to
be removed at the expense of the owners when-
ever the necessities of the Government re-
quire it.
Mr, CHANLER. Does this pass any title
to land?
Mr. GARFIELD. Oh, no ; it simply per-
mits the building to be ercctcd, subject to re-
moval.
Mr, CHANLER. Do the buildings remain
liable to taxation ?
_Mr. GARFIELD. I suppose so ; they are
private property.
Mr. CHANLER. If we are granting priv-
ileges they should certainly pay taxes.
Mr. GARFIELD. We only allow them the
privilege of puttingup the building. When it is
up of course it is taxable like any other building.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask whether Govern-
ment property is taxable ?
Mr. GARFIELD. This is not Government
property. We only let the party use the land
and put up a private building upou it, which is
just as much taxable as any other private
property.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman will
inquire into the fact whether under this bill this
property would escape taxation. That is an
important question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
i main question ordered.
! The joint resolution was ordered to be
! engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was put on the passage of the
joint resolution, and no quorum voted.
; Tellers were ordered : and Messrs. Ross and
j Garfield were appointed.
| The House divided; and the tellers reported 
: ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
i to add to the joint resolution a proviso "that
: nothing in this joint resolution shall exempt
i the property from taxation.'1
Mr. LAWP.ENGE, of OJiio. Would it not
be better to provide expressly that the property
shall be subject to taxation ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I suggest the
addition of this proviso:
Provided, That the building to be so enlarged shall
be subject to taxation under Stato and national
authority.
Mr. ROSS. You had better add the words,
"the same as other property."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. ^1 have no
objection.
The amendment was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
change oj reference.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
Martha S. Woodward, and tha same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
steamboat pine bluff.
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 267) to
change the name of the steamboat Pine Bluff
to that of Endora; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
0. p. siiikas.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1077) for the relief
of 0. P. Shiras ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion, was agreed to.
representatives of agatha htjber.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1078) to grant a
pension to the representatives of Agatha Huber,
deceased ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
stephen f. carver.
Mr. HUMPHREY also, by unanimous -con-
sent, introduced abill (H. R. No. 1070) to grant
a pension to Stephen F. Carver; which was
read a firstand second time, and referred to tho
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
edward b. allen.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1080) for the relief of Edward B.
Allen; which was read a first and second
time.*
The bill directs the Paymaster General of
the Army to pay to Edward B. Allen, of the
State of Indiana, out of any money appropri-
ated for tlie pay of the Army, the full amount
of the pay and emoluments of a captain of
infantry from the 18tli of August, 1862, to the
1st of November, 1802.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call the
previous question on the bill, unless some gen-
tleman desires an explanation.
Mr. ROSS. ^ I would like to know what
object there is in passing a bill of this kind?
i Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Let the
report be read.
The report was read.
Mr. fJOSS. I merely desire to make a sug-
gestion. ^ It appears to me that this is rather
extraordinary legislation. This man, it appears,
was elected captain of a company in ltidiatm,
S«! went *".to 'j16 service; but he held the
omce of auditor in the meantime at home, and
drew the compensation of auditor, and his
patriotism was so weak that ho was not willing
