1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
all go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
But wlien money is asked to carry out a treaty
then the Committee on Appropriations, in my
judgment, is the proper organ of this House,
to report to us what appropriations shall be
made. I am aware there has got to be a feel-
ing abroad that the Senate can by treaty bind
this House to spend the people's money. I wish
to have that fully considered. It is a very grave
question ; because, if the President and Senate
by agreeing together can borrow as much money
as they please by treaty, and if they can expend
as much money as they please by treaty, and
this House has no control over it, then the
whole revenues and expenditures of the.Gov-
ernment are placed in those departments of
the Government and taken away from the
House, where the Constitution has wisely
placed the control of that subject. If the Pres-
ident and Senate by a treaty of reciprocity can
alter our revenue law, and this House has no
control over their action, then they have got
full control of the revenues of the country ;
and when they have got control over the spend-
ing and the raising of money I think it is time
we should go home ; we are of no use here.
When they seek to get entire control over the
money that we are to get from customs and
imports, it is time for us to take a stand. I do
not mean to say whether I shall or shall not
vote for this purchase; but I do mean to say
that the House should stand upon its priv-
ilege, where the Constitution has placed it,
and should assert its entire independent con-
trol over the expenditures of the nation. Let
nobody else take it away from us by any impli-
cation or any side wind whatever.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask the Clerk to
read the seventy-sixth rule of this House, which
settles this question. By that rule all questions
in regard to the appropriation of money for
treaties should go to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The Clerk read as follows :
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Appro-
priations to take into consideration all executive
communicat ions and such other propositions in regard
to carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment as may he presented and referred to them
by the House. In preparing bills of appropriations
for other objects the Committee on Appropriations
■hall not include appropriations for carrying into
effect treaties made by the United States; and where
an appropriation bill shall be referred to them for
their consideration which contains appropriations
for carrying a treaty into effect and for other objects
they shall propose such amendments as shall prevent
appropriations for carrying a treaty into effect being
included in the same bill with appropriations for other
objects."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
rise to justify my own action. When I had
charge of these resolutions on Saturday this
very question arose. I was aware of the rule.
I have been long enough on the Committee on
Appropriations to know that we could not
include an appropriation to carry a treaty into
effect in a general appropriation bill, and hence
it was that I agreed that this matter should go
where such matters have always gone, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; or if the House
should see proper to raise a special committee
for this purpose I have no objection. But here
is the rule which has been acted on ever since
the foundation of the Government; this kind
of appropriation has never been allowed to be
mingled up with other appropriations. By the
Constitution a treaty is a paramount law of the
land, and an appropriation to carry it out is
treated differently from ordinary estimates for
the ordinary appropriations of the Government.
Now I have no feeling about this matter one
way or the other. I do not care at all how it
may be decided. So far as the appropriation J
is concerned I shall of course vote to make I
the appropriation. When the Constitution, :
whichistheparamountlawof the land, declares \
that we owe a debt, I should be ashamed to i
refuse to pay it. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
say in reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that thig seventy-sixth rule does not
conflict in the least particular with the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and I think the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will agree with me
when he hears it read. What does it provide?
Merely that "in preparing bills of appropria-
tions for other objects the Committee on Ap-
propriations shall not include appropriations
lor carrying into effect treaties made by the
United States.'' That is all of the first part of
the rule—that the committee shall not include
an appropriation for carrying out a treaty in
another appropriation bill. Of course the Com-
mittee on Appropriations would obey that in-
junction of the rule. But it does not take
from the committee jurisdiction over the sub-
ject of this appropriation as well as every
! other.
I Mr. BLAINE. I beg the gentleman from
; Illinois to remember that the language of the
1 rule implies that the subject must go to the
Committee on Appropriations, and the com-
mittee is merely restrained and restricted from
reporting it in the same bill with other appro-
priations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of IHinois. I was com-
ing to that when I should read the other part
of the rule, which is as follows:
" And where ail appropriation bill shall bo referred
to them for their considertaion ''—
implying that such a bill may be referred to
them—
"which contains appropriations for carrying a treaty
into effect, and for other objects, they shall propose
such amendments as shall prevent appropriations
for carrying a treaty into effect being included in the
same bill with appropriations for other objects."
Sir, there is nothing in that rule which pre-
cludes the Committee on Appropriations from
considering the subject; but, on the other
hand, as the gentleman from Maine justly
remarks, it implies that the Committee on
j Appropriations are to have jurisdiction of and
, to consider this subject. I now demand the
; previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman will
allow me a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. BANKS. Each clause of this rule for-
bids the action of the Committee on Appro-
priations on this subject. The first clause limits
the business of the committee to appropria-
tions for carrying on the Departments of the
Government. This is not one of them. The
second clause requires that when an appropri-
ation bill is referred to them which includes an
appropriation for the execution of a treaty it
shall not be reported to the House in that bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
ask my friend right here if that does not imply
that the Committee on Appropriations has
jurisdiction of such a bill?
Mr. BANKS. I have already said that it is
within the power of the House to refer this
matter to any committee—to the Committee
on the Territories or the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or any other committee, as
well as to the Committee on Appropriations ;
but the rules of. the House expressly excludes
this class of business from the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, it does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
rule.
Mr. BANKS. I have read it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read it
again.
Mr. BANKS. It excludes it; and whenever
an appropriation bill including an appropria-
tion of this kind is referred to the committee
they are forbidden to report it in that bill. I
desire to make another remark. To refer this
question to-the Committee on Appropriations
has exactly the opposite effect to that pre-
sented by my colleague from the Essex dis-
trict, [Mr. Butler.] It, in a word, limits the
action of the committee to more or less. It
treats the action of the Executive ;*i\d of the
Senate, in the establishment of that treaty, as
a complete established fact, leaving nothing
for the House to do except to make the appro-
priation, whereas by referring it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs it treats it solely as
an unfinished matter, relating to the foreign
affairs of the country, and leaves the House to
determine upon it.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 would ask the gentle-
man whether, in the absence of any directions
from the House, the Committee on Appropria-
tions has any right to report, a bill appropriat-
ing money to pay for this Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They cer-
tainly have, if the President's message is re-
ferred to the committee for consideration ; that
gives them jurisdiction.
Mr. SPALDING. Exactly, after being re-
ferred to them.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask leave to read the rule,
in order to show that my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] entirely misapprehends
the purport of the rule, I think.
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Appro-
priations to take into consideration all the execu-
tive communications and such other propositions in
regard to carrying on the several departments of the
Government as may be presented and referred to
them by the House."
Mr. BANKS. For " carrying on the sev-
eral departments."
Mr. BLAINE. That includes every possi-
ble communication in regard to the expendi-
ture of the Government. Then the rule goes
on to limit the action of the committee, as fol-
lows :
" In preparing bills of appropriations for other "
objects, the Committee on Appropriations shall not
include appropriations for carrying into effect trea-
ties made by the United States."
That is, they shall report them separately.
It goes on still further:
"And where an appropriation bill shall be referred
to them for their consideration, which contains
appropriations for carrying a treaty into effect, and
for other objects, they shall propose such amend-
ments as shall prevent appropriations for carrying a
treaty into effect being included in the same bill
with appropriations for other objects."
That shows that the whole matter is within
the jurisdiction t>f the Committee on Appro-
priations, and that this rule limits them in the
mere mode of their report.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me for a few minutes ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I would not trouble the
House again but for a remark which fell from
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
He assumes apparently, if I understand him
correctly, that a treaty made by the President,
with the advice of the Senate, is the paramount
law ofthe land; " the supreme law oftheland,"
I believe is the phrase employed in the Consti-
tution. Now, a treaty made by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
which,is capable of self-cxecution, is the
supreme law of the land; but a treaty made
which requires legislative action to put it into
operation is not the supreme law of the land,
and we are not in any way bound by it.
Mr. PRU YN. I would ask where the author-
ity for that is to be found ?
Mr. BUTLER. I knew somebody would
want to know, and so I sent for the book. It
will be found by reference to 2 Peters' Re-
ports that the matter was decided by the
Supreme Court. And Judge McLean, in 5
McLean's Reports, went over the whole sub-
ject.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman says the Su-
preme Court has decided it.
Mr. BUTLER. It is in 2 Peters.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman said "Su-
preme Court."
Mr. BUTLER. Does the gentleman know
for whom Peters reported? He reported for
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
I read from the case of Foster and Elam vs.
Neilson, 2 Peters, 2-14, as follows :
"A treaty is in its naturo a contract botween two
nations, not a legislative act. It doea not generally
