THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the general purpose of requiring the concur-
rent action of the Senate to enable the Presi-
dent to remove the officers designated in it;
but intended so far to modify that purpose as
to allow to every President, as his personal and
official prerogative, to make one selection of
all the members of his Cabinet. No one will
deny that this is the general rule established by
the act; and to give it practical effect it pro-
vides that the term of office of the chiefs of the
several Departments, shall end one month after
the term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed. The obvious intention
was that no President should be bound to con-
tinue officers between whom and himself such
important and confidential relations must ne-
cessarily subsist, who had not been chosen by
him, but that he should have one choice for each
office, and be held to it until the Senate should
give its consent that he might make another.
This right is accorded to him not by express
language, but by implication so clear as to ad-
mit of no doubt; and he possesses it as the
portion of liis before general power of removal,
of which this act does not attempts to deprive
him—it does not confer, or attempt to confer it
upon him, but leaves him in possession of it.
The act is framed on the concession of the then
existing power of the President, to remove the
officers for whose cases it provides; and after
declaring a general rule for them, excepts from
its operation "the Cabinet officers, and makes
for them a special rule, which is to continue to
operate in relation to each one for one month
after the expiration of the term of the Presi-
dent by whom he was appointed; and then
leaves him subject to the President's sole and
unqualified power of removal as it existed be-
fore the act. The President may then permit
him to remain in office, or may remove him at
his pleasure, whether the Senate is in session
or not. After removing him the President may
designate any person to perform the duties of
the office ad interim for six months, by which
time he must make a nomination to the Senate
for its advice and consent.
The general and unrestricted power to re-
move from office had been exercised, without
question, by every President of the United
States up to the date of the civil-offiee-tenure
act, including Tyler, Fillmore, and Johnson,
Vice Presidents, ou whom the Constitution had
devolved the office of President.
The first section of the civil-office-tenure act
embodies all of it that bears upon the question,
whether the case of Mr. Stanton is compre-
hended by it. By this law each Cabinet officer
holds his place for one month after the expira-
tion "of the term of the President by whom
he was appointedit is, therefore, necessary
to know what is meant by the words, '' the term
of the President.''
Section one, article two, of the Constitution,
is in these words:
" The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America. He shall hold
his office during the term of four yoars, and, together
with the Vice President, chosen lor the same time,
be elected as follows."
All authorities say that "term is the time
for which anything lasts." In our Govern-
ment, no office lasts after the death of the
termor, or passes to heirs, devisees, or execu-
tors, but reverts immediately to the State.
The tenure of some offices is for life, others
for a definite number of years, and sogae dur-
ing the pleasure of the appointing power; but
the term of all ends also inexorably upon the
death of the incumbent. The term of the many
marshals and other officers, who are appointed
for four years could, with as much reason and
truth, be said to continue to the end of that
time, though the incumbents died before its
lapse, as it can be said that the term of a
President, who died early in the four years for
which he was elected, runs ou until the expi-
ration of the four years. When a man in office
dies that closes his term; and so soon as
another is appointed to it his term commences.
Mr. Lincoln was elected President and Mr.
Hamlin Vice President for a common term of
four years, cou.ixienciug on the 4th of March,
1861, and as both survived it the term of each
ended by lapse of time, March 3, 1865. The
second term ot Mr. Lincoln for four years, and
Mr. Johnson's term for the same time, began
the 4th of March, 1865, and both ended April
following; Mr.- Lincoln's by his death, and Mr.
Johnson's by_ the office of President being
devolved on him, and he thereby ceasing to be
Vice President under this provision of the
Constitution:
"In case of tho removal of the President from
Office, orofhis death, resignation, or inability to dis-
charge the.powers and duties of the said office, tho
same shall devolve on the Vice President."
Mr. Johnson become President by having
been elected Vice President, and by the oper-
ation of the Constitution, upon the death of
the President, Mr. Lincoln. He is as much
the President as if he had been elccted to that
office instead of to the Vice Presidency. His
presidential term commenced when he was
inaugurated into the office, and is to continue
to last for the residue of the term for which
Mr. Lincoln was elected President and he Vice
President. His presidential term, though not
so long, is as definite as Mr. Lincoln's was;
both by the Constitution were to continue until
the 4th of March, 1869, and both, by the same
law, were subject to be determined before that
time by their "removal from office, death, res-
ignation, or inability to discharge the powers
and duties of the office." The Presidency,
while Mr. Johnson has been filling it and per-
forming its duties under the Constitution, is as
much his office as it was Mr. Lincoln's when
he-held the same relation to it; and the prop-
osition that this time of Mr. Johnson in the
office is not his term but a continuation of
Mr. Lincoln's term, is not sustained by the
Constitution, fact, or reason.
But if it were a continuation of Mr. Lin-
coln's term, it would be of his second, not his
first term, which the Constitution inexorably
closed on the 3d March, 1865; and he having
been reelected his second term commenced
the next day. If Mr. Johnson be serving out
Mr. Lincoln's term, it is not his first one, for
that is " with the years before the flood," but
his second term; and Mr. Johnson would be
invested with every right and power in it to
which Mr. Lincoln would be entitled; and
among them would be the power and the right
to remove Mr. Stanton from the office of Sec-
retary of War. This act provides, that the
chief officer of the seven principal Depart-
ments of the Government, shall respectively
hold their offices according to the tenure es-
tablished by it, for and during the term of'the
President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed. This is a permanent and uniform law,
and the measure established by it being the
term of the President by whom the officer was
appointed, and one month thereafter, and
Mr. Stanton having been appointed Secretary
of War by Mr. Lincoln during his first term
in January, 1862, and that term having expired
with the 3d of March, 1865, if Mr. Lincoln
had lived until the passage of this act, under
it he would iiave had the power to remove Mr.
Stanton, and any other of his Cabinet officers
whom he had not appointed in his second term,
and this right passed to President Johnson.
There are several purposes apparent on the
face of the civil-office-tenure bill: 1. That all
officers appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate should hold their places
until it should approve their removal. 2. That
the Cabinet officers of the President should be
so far exceptional to this rule, that all Presi-
dents should have the privilege and the power
to make one selection for each of those offices.
3. That, having made a choice, he shall be
held to it until the Senate shall have given
him its consent to make another choice. This
arrangement in relation to the President and
his Cabinet was, doubtless, made upon some
reasons; and all concede that it applies to every
President chosen by the Electoral College; and
what reasons are there that make it necessary
and proper for the administration of a Presi-
dent so elected that do not apply with equal
force to one upon whom the Constitution Has
devolved the office On the d<*at.h df a President
with whom he was elected to the Vice Presi-
dency? The plain letter and meaning of the
Constitution and this act of Congress, 'assure
this right to President Johnson, and it cannot
be wrested from him without doing violence to
both Constitution and law.: IF he had given i;n
his adhesion, andplainly and palpably exercised
this power for the benefit of the party which
passed the law, by removing one of his Secre-
taries who is opposed to that party, and had,
nominated to the place one of their faithful and
trusted men, would his right to make the re-
moval have been questioned?
After the best inquiry of which I am capa-
ble, I think these positions 'to be true beyond
reasonable doubt:
1. That the President, by the well-settled
principle of the Constitution, possesses, as one
of his executive powers, the sole and exclusive
power of removing all officers, as well when the
Senate is in session as when it is not.
2. That the provision of the civil-offiee-tenure
act, which requires the President to report to
the Senate his removal of certain officers, and
its advice and concurrence to make the re-
moval complete and effective, is in derogation
of that constitutional power of the President,
and is, therefore, unconstitutional and void. '
3. That the case of the removal of Stantoji
does not come within the provision, spirit, and
meaning of the civil-office-tenure act,
4. That President Johnson had the power
and the right to remove Stanton as Secretary
of War; and having removed him, and thereby
caused a vacancy, he had the power, under the
act of 1795, and it was his duty to supply that
vacancy temporarily; and his designation of
General Thomas to take charge of the office
ad interim was a proper exercise of power.
Consequently neither the removal of Stanton,
nor the ad interim appointment of Thomas by
President Johnson, was an impeachable offense,
but a legitimate exercise of power.
There is then left for my examination, only
those articles of impeachment which embrace
the matter of the conspiracies with General
Thomas charged against the President. There
is but one law of Congress against conspira-
cies, which was passed in 1861, and is in these
words:
"That if two or more persons within any State or
Territory of the United States shall conspire to-
gether to overthrow or to put down or to destroy by
force thetiovernment ot the United States, or to levy
war against the United States, or to oppose by foruo
theauthorityoftheGovernmcntof the UnitedStates,
or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay the execu-
tion ot any law of the United States, or bylorce to
seize, take, or possess any property of the United
States against the will or contrary to the authority
.of the United States, or by forcQ or intimidation or
till eats to preventanyperbonfromaccepting or hold-
ing any oliico or trust or place of confidence under
the United States; each and every person so otlend-
ing shall be guilty ot a high crime, and upon con-
viction thereof in any district or circuit court of the
United States having jurisdiction thereof, or district
or supreme court ot any Territory of the United
States having jurisdiction thereof, shall be punished
by a line not less than $500 and not more than $5,000,
or by imprisonment, with or without hard labor, as
the court shall determine, lor a period not less than
six months nor greater than six years, or by both
such line and imprisonment."
This was a war measure passed at the be-
ginning of the rebellion, and was directed
against rebels and traitors, and their abettors
at that time and in the future. It was never
intended, and is a perversion of that law to at-
tempt to apply it to the case of a removal by
the President of an officer of the Government,
and his direction to the person whom he had
designated to supply temporarily the vacancy to
take possession of the office, and his applica-
tion to the person removed to turn over to him
the books, property, &c., appertaining to tho
office.
All the offenses enacted by that law re-
quire, as an essential constituent of them, that
the persons committing them shall conspire
together to do the several acts which are made
criminal 'with force or intimidation or threats;
and in the absence of that purpose there is no
crime. The charges against the President are,
