1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2501
i to give up his civil office of auditor, and left
the Army and went home for the purpose of
i retaining his eivil office and receiving its emol-
uments. And afterhe got out of the office of
auditor I understand that he went back into
the Army as a private, and I suppose received
i his pay as such.
\ Now, it is proposed by this bill to give this
man the compensation of a captain during the
' time that he was holding the office of auditor,
a very valuable office in the State of Indiana,
amd also a portion of the time drawing the pay
of a private in the service. It is stated in the
report of the committee that this claim is put
upon political grounds. Asa matter of course
there is no reasonable expectation that the
House will refuse to concur in the request of
the gentleman, as he has in his report appealed
to party considerations.
Mr. Speaker, I have become tired and weary
of these continual applications in behalf of the
officers of the Army. They never appear to be
satisfied with their pay. We increase their com-
pensation ; we give them additional compen-
sation. And yet where is the man who has
arisen in his place in this House and made ap-
plication in behalf of the man who carried a
musket on the field of battle? In my judg-
ment it would be much wiser for the people to
elect a few privates as members of Congress,
and not have so many officers here; for then
the interests of private soldiers would be looked
after. But as it is now, with so many shoulder-
straps here, only the interests of the officers
are attended to, while the poor private is
neglected. Of all the applications which have
come before Congress, it appears to me that this
is the least meritorious; for it proposes that a
man may hold a civil office at home, may re- j
ceive pay as a private, and then come her Jfor
the pay of a captain. And thegentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Washburx] says it must be done j
for the good of the party. I hope my worthy
friend will reconsider his views upon this sub-
ject, and in the future try to do something for
the private soldier, who bore the heat and the
burden of the day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. _ I do not
know whether the people of my district will
take the advice of the gentleman, and send a
private soldier here in my place. But I must
say that if the advice should be recommended
to his own district, and they should act upon it
and send us even a private soldier, in my
opinion the complexion of this House might
be benefited thereby. I care nothing about
whether shoulder-straps or private soldiers are
here. This bill involves a question of right.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] mis-
understands this case entirely. This man was
mustered in service as a captain, went into
battle and fought for the flag. The military
authorities decided that he could not be a cap-
tain because he was the auditor of his county,
and he was mustered out. The courts decided
that he could not be auditor of the county, and
then he went back into the service as a private.
The courts of the State, being Democratic,
decided that he could not be auditor, and pre-
vented him from getting his pay as auditor,
and he has failed to receive his pay as captain
for the time he served as such. Now, all that
this bill proposes is that this man shall receive
the compensation he has earned. He com-
manded his company as captain, and served as
such in the Army. The Committee on Military
Affairs recommend that he be paid for that
time and no more.
I now ask the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] to point to a case where a private sol-
dier was spurned by our committee in favor of
shoulder-straps ?
Mr. ROSS. .When I offered a proposition
to increase the pay of the private soldier to
twenty dollars per month.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Yes, twenty
dollars in gold per month, knowing very well
that it could not be done.
Mr. ROSS. No; in greenbacks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The prop-
osition was offered for the very purpose of
breaking down the Government by injuring its
credit.
Mr. ROSS. Would it not have been as well
for the private soldier to have a little of the
gold, as for the bondholders to have it all?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Yes; but
you do not reach me there at all. The nation's
life was at stake, and the gentleman was will-
ing to burden it with additional expenses in
order to break it down by his proposition to pay
twenty dollars in gold per month to each pri-
vate soldier, knowing very well that it could
not be done.
Mr. ROSS. The Government was not !
broken down by giving the officers two months'
extra pay.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to !
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT L. LINDSAY.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1081) for
the relief of Robert L. Lindsay; which was
read a first and second time. v
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Paymaster General to pay to Robert L. Lind-
say, late of the fiftieth Missouri volunteers, the
full pay and allowances of a second lieutenant
of infantry from the ;Sd day of August, 1864,
to the 30th day of November, 1804.
Mr. PILE. 1 will explain this bill in a few
words. Captain Lindsay was appointed a sec-
ond lieutenant and recruiting officer for the
forty-seventh regiment of Missouri infantry,
and ordered to report to the colonel of that
regiment, Colonel Thomas E. Fletcher, now
Governor of that State. By Colonel Fletcher
he was ordered to Pilot Knob to fill up his
company. Captain Lindsay proceeded to re-
cruit his eompanj', and just at the time when
it was full the battle of Pilot Knob occurred.
He went into that battle with his company, who
were then not mustered into the service. He
himself was not mustered in, save as second
lieutenant and recruiting officer; but it was
intended that he should be the captain of
the company. In that battle the company
suffered severely, losing a large number of
men in killed and.wounded. Captain Lindsay
was complimented in general orders for Ids
bravery on that occasion. The company was
so cut up in that battle that it could not be mus-
tered into service as a company of the forty-
seventh regiment. Captain Lindsay went to
work to fill up his company again, in another
part of the State, distant from the headquarters
of the forty-seventh regiment. That regiment
was filled by putting in it another company.
The company of Captain Lindsay, when again
filled up, was transferred to the fiftieth regi-
ment of Missouri volunteers, and he was mus-
tered with his company into that regiment, and
served with it as captain until the close of the
war. Now, because of the fact that his corn-
mission as recruiting officer and second lieu-
tenant was in the forty-seventh and not in the
fiftieth regiment, where he finally served, the
paymaster decided that he could not pay him
as second lieutenant and recruiting officer for
the fiftieth regiment for the time intervening
between the battle of Pilot Knob and the period
when his company was mustered into the fif-
tieth regiment. This bill is to give him his
pay for that intervening time as second lieu-
tenant.
My colleague [Mr. McCormick] is well ac-
quainted with all the facts of the case, and I
will yield to him to make a statement.
Mr. MeCORMICK. This case is a very
meritorious case. Lieutenant Lindsay had his
company ready to be mustered into the forty-
seventh regiment, and the mustering officer had
been ordered to Pilot Knob to muster it in The
battle of Pilot Knob came on, and he went
with his company into that battle. The com-
pany was so reduced in numbers by the casu-
alties of that battle that it could not be mus-
tered in at that time. It was some months
before it was again filled up, and then it was
mustered into the fiftieth regiment. Captain
Lindsay only asks for pay from the time of the
battle of Pilot Knob until he and hisH'ompany
were mustered into the fiftieth regiment. I
think it is a just claim.
Mr. PIKE. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN A. NEUSTAEDTEIt.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1082)
for the relief of John A. Neustaedter ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Paymaster General of the Army to pay to
John A. Neustaedter, late a captain of artil-
lery, out of any money now appropriated or
that may hereafter be appropriated for the
pay of the Army, the full pay and emoluments
for a captain of artillery in the Army of the
United States, from March 25, 1862, to Au-
gust 28, 1862.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Pile] why it is that
this man has not received his pay as an officer
if he was in the Army?
Mr. PILE. I will state the facts of the case
if it be desired.
Mr. ROSS. If there be a report let it be
read.
Mr. PILE. I have no formal report, but I
will state the facts and the official orders upon
which they are based.
Mr. Speaker, while Major General Fr6mont
was in command of the department of Mis-
souri, as is known to all gentlemen who under-
stand the history of that command, a large
number of provisional commissions were is-
sued to various officers in that department.
They served under these commissions until
sometime after General Fr6mont was removed
from that department, and were paid by the
disbursing officers or paymasters of the Army.
After his removal an order from the War De-
partment mustered out all such officers as were
not specially retained by order issued from
competent authority. All these officers under
that order were discharged, and there was
quite a number of them, twenty-five or thirty
of them, I do not know the number exactly.
Now, this officer was appointed on the 81st
of August, 1861, by General Eromont, and he
was ordered to Paducah, Kentucky. At the
time of the issue of the order directing these
officers to be mustered out he Was serving as
captain of artillery on the staff of General C.
P. Smith, and he continued to serve until the
latter date named in the bill. Ail the orders
directed to him are here upon fiie and accom-
pany the bill. They show that he was con-
stantly under orders, and that he rendered ser-
vice under them. Orders were issued to h'm
as captain of artillery. He was chief of staff
to General Smith and other officers. Bvsorne
oversight in the order issued for the retention
of officers his name was omitted. He was
neither mustered out under the order mustering
