1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
February 27,
the result, of prejudice, then we must submit
to it as best we may. If it is because the com-
mittee believes there is 110 merit in the propo-
sition to complete the building at Cairo, then
there is no merit ill the proposition to com-
plete such a building anywhere. Now, I want
to call the attention of my colleague [Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois] to the fact that this
appropriation of $50,000 for the building at
Cairo has been defeated because of his oppo-
sition as acting chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. I am in favor of completing
buildings of this character when they have
been commenced. As I have already said, I
think it is not good economy to refuse money
to complete a building necessary for Govern-
ment purposes when that building has been
already begun. Now, sir, my colleague and
I are here as RepresentativesofthesameState.
I represent Galena as much as he docs. He
is one of my constituents; but 1 am not one
of his. That is the dill'ereuce between us.
[Laughter.] Now, sir, appropriations have
been made heretofore for Galena. J am glad
of it, for I like the people of Galena very
well; they are good people.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They vote
for you. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir ; they vote for me,
and that is all right. [Laughter.] But, sir,
I find that this Government paid $78,000 for
building a post office al Galena, and it paid
$59,000 in gold for building a marine hospital
there.
Mr. RAUM. Will my colleague tell us how
much that marine hospital can be sold for
to-day ?
Mr. LOGAN. It was offered for sale in
1867 and $3,100 was bid for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAUM. Will my colleague tell us also
the number ofpatieuts there?
Mr. LQGAN. L do not know anything about
that. I know what has been said on that sub-
ject, but I do not like to repeat it.
Now, sir, I do insist that equity should be
done in this House to all parts of the country
and all the people of the country. I am in
favor of protecting the Government against
extravagance and fraud and robbery; but I
believe it to be for the interest of the Govern-
ment that these necessary public buildings,
wherever commenced, should be completed.
When we have begun the construction ofone of
these buildings and have expended upon it large
amounts of money, and which will bo wasted
unless appropriations be made for the comple-
tion of the work, I say that to refuse these
appropriations is not economy, but is an injury
to the interests of the Government. I believe
it to be the duty of this House to appropriate
money enough to finish all these buildings, no
matter where located or what amount may be
necessary. Either we ought not to make a
contract for erecting a building or else we ought,
to complete it. If this is not the right course,
then I say let us stop our appropriations for
the completion of the Treasury building; let
us stop our appropriations for the completion
of this Capitol. Let us stop expenditures of
this character right here in Washington. It
would be just about as good policy as the other
course which gentlemen seem to favor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I endeavor to do my duty, and if an
appropriation is asked for my State which I
do not deem proper I will oppose it just as
quickly as if asked for any other State. I
desire to do my duty irrespective of States. In
regard to the Galena hospital and the Galena
custom-house and post office, my colleague
may ma,ke the most he can out of them. They
were built by a vote of both Houses of Con-
gress when wo had money enough to build
them; and if it had not been taken to build
them it would probably have been stolen.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 33 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
amendment be adopted and go to the House,
where we can have a vote on it by yeas and
nays.
There was no objection; and the amend-
ment was considered as adopted.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following at the cud of line two hun-
dred:
For procuring a site for tho post office and custom-
house in the city of Brooklyn, New York, $100,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
the point of order that that is new legislation,
and is not therefore in order to a general appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BARNES. Brooklyn is a city of four
hundred thousand inhabitants.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BARNES. Brooklyn has assessed real
and personal property to the amount of $1-10,-
000,000, on which it pays tax to the General
Government. The Government is without one
dollar of land or public property in that city,
except the navy-yard, which is there as is sup-
posed for the general benefit of the adjoining
city and which is a curse to Brooklyn by de-
preciating the value of real estate and demor-
alizing our political institutions. It is only
just to the city of Brooklyn, to its population,
to its property, to the tax itpajs, and the sup-
port it gives to the General Government, that
it should be recognized in this appropriation
bill. The population of that city is increasing
in a more rapid ratio than any other city in the
United States, and between three or four times
that of the city of Now York, and property is
increasing in value in proportion. What wo
can now purchase for $100,000, within five
years cannot be bought for less than two or
three hundred thousand dollars. The citizens
of that locality have presented their claims
before this Congress and before preceding
Congresses without any attention being paid to
them. That community has been more en-
tirely neglected than any other in the United
States, because of the overshadowing power of
New York. It is not only just for the Govern-
ment to allow this expenditure at this time, but
it isa matter of necessity. The Government is
paying $5,000 a year rent for a post office
building, and I do not know how much for a
court-room. We have not to-day any place in
Brooklyn for the post office or for the United
States courts where a paper can be safe from
fire. I hope tho amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think the Chair
correctly apprehended the point of order of
the gentleman from Illinois. Let me read the
rule of the House.
"No appropriation shall bo reported in suoli gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order ;is an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unload ill continual ion*, of appro-
piiations tor sueh public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on tlie several departments of tlio Govern-
ment."
1 think under that rule the amendment is
clearly out of order.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair was under
the impression that the amendment was author-
ized by law. As the gentleman from New
York has mentioned none, the Chair will rule
the amendment out.
The Clerk read as follows:
For tho construction of a court-house at Spring-
field, Illinois, $15,000.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to strike out
$15,000, and in lieu thereof to insert $25,000.
After the action of the committee in refer-
ence to these other appropriations I suppose it
is scarcely necessary for me to take up the time
in explaining why I desire this amendment to
be adopted. But as my distinguished friend,
the acting chairman of the committee, seems
to be disposed to fight everything that comes
in the order of legislation, it may be well for
me to state that in 1856, I think it was, the
Government purchased a lot of ground in the
city of Springfield on which to erect a court-
house and post office, for which it paid some
seven or eight thousand dollars. The lot re-
mained unoccupied by the Government until
about three years ago. After I came here as
a member of Congress from that district I
ascertained that the appropriation which was
made for the building on that lot, some fifty
thousand dollars, hail not yet been expended,
but was yet to the credit of the building. Upon
seeing the Secretary of the Treasury and stating
to him what had occurred between myself and
other citizens of Springfield and the late Pres-
ident Lincoln in reference to the building of
a court-house in that town, which was to the
effect that at the clo&e of the war the President
designed to use his influence to get that build-
ing erected for the Secretary of the Treasury,
the building was allowed to be commenced.
A plan of the building was agreed upon be-
tween myself and the architect of the Treasury
Department, and the building was the least
possible in size that could be built there and
subserve all the purposes of the Government.
The woik went on and there have been $150,000
spent in the erection of the building. It is two
thirds completed. A large portion of the stone,
iron work, and other material are on the ground,
and the architect in charge at Springfield, as
well as the architect of the Treasury here, says
there is no question but that if the necessary
amount of money can be procured from the
Government the building can bo actually fin-
ished during the present year, and the Govern-
ment offices of that city can be transferred
from the rented houses into this new building.
Now, it will not require—and when I say this
I say it upon careful estimates made not only
by the architect here, but by the superintend-
ent there, who, I take pleasui-e in saying, is an
honest and faithful man—it will not require
over fifty thousand dollars to complete that
building. Wo are to-day, as has been stated
by other gentlemen representing the capitals
of different States, paying over six thousand
dollars rent for the accommodation of Govern-
mentcourt-houses, post offices, revenue offices,
land and pension ofliccs. Now, the interest on
the $50,000 necessary to complete this build-
ing, at ten per cent., will be less than the
amount we are paying annually in the city of
Springfield for the rent of the buildings that
the Government is obliged to have, and which
cannot be procured at any less sum than we
are now paying. I can scarcely suppose, there-
fore, that gentlemen will oppose the amend-
ment for an appropriation which is only $10,000
over and above what the committee reported,
and which is in strict accordance with the esti-
mate of the Treasury Department, when I say,
upon my own knowledge as a Representative,
that the money is needed to finish the build-
ing. There have been spent already $150,000,
and we only need $50,000 more. We are now
paying more than ten per cent, on that sum
for rent m that city.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
opposed to the amendment of my colleague
notwithstanding it is in my own State, and I
am, in the language of my colleague, depleting
my own State to that amount. 1 am opposed
to this amendment on precisely the same ground
that I opposed the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. I>odge.] In the first
place we appropriated $50,000 for this purpose,
and the work was not proceeded with. After-
ward, in order to provide for a building suf-
ficiently large for the purposes demanded, we
appropriated $50,000 more. But instead of
going on and^ completing it I find by looking at
the report oi the Secretary of the Treasury—
through the influence and at the urgent request
of my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Cullom, ]
who, I am glad to say, has a great deal mora
influence in that quarter than I have—it was
decided to postpone the work in order to obtain
an increased appropriation, so as to have a
building that would afford ample accommoda-
tion. And now, we are called upon to carry
out the wishes of my friend—very laudable so
