3526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
when the bill was sent to the Committee of the
Whole; and the committee is not competent
to decide oat of order anything sent to it.
Mr. MYEIIS. When this section was re-
served the point of order was also reserved.
'The CHAIRMAN. At no time since the
bill was committed to the Committee of the
Whole could the point have been well taken.
It should have been reserved when the bill was
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the text of the proviso by making the
specific tax $2 50 instead of two dollars. Mr.
Chairman, whatever may be said in regard to
the propriety of including a tariff item in an
internal tax bill, l'wish to call the attention
of the Committee of the Whole to the facts.
Ill the first place, as the tariff now stands, and
as it'has stood for several years, the tax duty
upon imported cigars is three dollars a pound
and fifty per cent, ad valorem, and upon im-
ported leaf tobacco it is thirty-five cents a
pound. That being the case the manufacturers
in this couutry have imported more leaf tobacco
during the last year, and under this tariff we
have manufactured more tobacco of our own
raising than imported tobacco than at any pre-
vious day.
Now, I supposed if there was no other ques-
tion upon which the manufacturers were more
agreed it was upon this subject of the tariff. It
seems the committee reduced it nearly one
half, from three dollars to two dollars, and from
fifty per cent, ad valorem to twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem. The effect will be, with a
tariff of thirty-five cents upon leaf tobacco, to
destroy this manufacturing interest iti this
country.
I now submit to the committee while it may
be proper to reduce it to some extent, still they
have reduced it to such an extent that it will
destroy the manufacture of cigars in this coun-
try. I therefore hope my amendment will be
adopted. That makes it $2 50 per pound and
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
We are told imported cigars cost $81 40.
When you put the duty on leaf tobacco cigars
manufactured here of the same quality cost
seventy-five to eighty dollars. With the reduc-
tion of the duty on imported cigars as proposed
by the committee it will destroy the domestic
manufacture. I submit, sir, whether this tariff
item, which has nothing to do with this tax
bill, should be deferred to the consideration
of the general tariff bill. We will only have to
wait three or four months. I hope if insisted
on that my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and Ido so in the interest of the revenue.
Every gentleman on this floor knows very well
that to-day there are as many imported cigars
smoked in this country as at any former period,
probably more. Yet the statistics of the
Department show that we import only a very
few million cigars. The internal tax by this bill
on imported cigars is five dollars a thousand,
making really an increase upon the import
duty to that extent. We compel every cigar
importer, in addition to the present import
duties, hereafter to pay five dollars. In other
words, he must pay on his imported cigarsjust
as much as the home manufacturer pays. Now,
take the five dollars and add it to the present
duty. The tariff to-day is $83 40, (fifty-six
dollars in gold,) with five dollars currency
added upon every thousand cigars imported,
estimating an average cost of forty dollars per
thousand, the average cost of production in
Cuba is forty dollars a thousand; so that to-day
we have an import duty of two hundred per
cent, on cigars. Now, what is the effect? The
effect is that nearly all the cigars that come
into (he country are smuggled in the interest
of the cigar manufacturers of this country. I
suggest that this duty should be reduced. I
do not wish to discourage the manufacturer
here.
Now, what reduction do we propose in this
bill? A reduction so that the tariff duty on
imported cigars shall be one hundred percent,
or more on the cost of those articles. Is not
that enough? They pay thirty-five cents a
pound for imported tobacco. That is only
seven dollars on each thousand cigars, esti-
mating twenty pounds of tobacco to the one
thousand cigars. Add to that the five dollars
tax, and the producer makes cigars from im-
ported tobacco at a cost of twelve dollars a
thousand, to which should be added some fif-
teen or twenty dollars for the labor of manu-
facturing, making the entire cost from forty to
fifty dollars a thousand upon an average cigar
made in this country from Havana tobacco.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In-
stead of forty or fifty dollars, the manufacturers
say they cost them over seventy dollars a thou-
sand.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask my friend to tell me
what it costs to manufacture a thousand cigars?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
labor on the best cigars costs twenty-two dol-
lars a thousand.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; I will take the
gentleman's own figures. The labor twenty-
two dollars and the tobacco seven dollars make
twenty-hine dollars, to which should be added
the original cost of the tobacco and the inter-
nal tax. Now, we give one hundred per cent,
protection, and I submit that is enough.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew it. There is such
a thing, Mr. Chairman, as value in stability in
legislation, and the proposition now before the
House illustrates the want of stability in our
legislation—at least on the subject of cigars
and tobacco. It is too late now, I suppose, to
make the point of order that this provision is
improperly here in an internal tax bill. That
it belongs to a bill of another class is palpable.
As it is not legitimately in this bill, it would,
in my judgment, be but proper for the com-
mittee to withdraw it. There is another bill,
I understand, pending before the committee
now in which it would be proper to present it.
Sir, the provisions of the tariff law, which
it is proposed thus irregularly to modify, will,
if maintained, break up the importation of
high-priced cigars and establish their manu-
facture in this country. The chairman of the
committee, in his opening address on the pre-
sentation of the original bill, said that the
importation of high-priced cigars through the
custom-house had almost ceased ; but he did
not statewhat he might have done, that the
importation of the tobacco of which they are
made has very largely increased, and that the
hands that formerly made them in Havana are
now making them in our cities. Thus the
house of Fuguet & Sons, of Philadelphia, for-
merly among the largest importers of fine
cigars into this country, are now large manu-
facturers of fine cigars. When Congress broke
up their business as importers of cigars they
took to importing the finest leaf, and imported
also large numbers of Havana cigar-makers
from that city, and they are now, I might almost
say, by compulsion of Congress, very large
importers of leaf and large manufacturers of
the finest Havana cigars; so that those who
make them are consumers of our cereals, our
other taxable productions, and of foreign goods
that have paid duties at an American custom-
house. If the clause is not withdrawn or
stricken out, I ask that the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wash-
burn] may be adopted, and that we shall not
drive these recently imported citizens back
to their native land, to manufacture goods
for our consumption. We are deriving in
internal taxes and customs revenue more from
fine Spanish cigars to-day than we were under
the old system. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts what is his precise amend-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. To
add fifty cents to the two dollars.
Mr. KELLEY. That is as I believed it to
r?i I.unJerstand the gentleman from Iowa,
[•«r- Au-ison,] who represents the Commit-
tee of W ays and Means, to say that so far as
he is concerned he will consent to that amend-
ment, which he had not understood.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. I am very glad he has made the
argument which lie has. I would ask him
whether under the present law we are not im-
porting not only the raw material from Cuba to
this country to be manufactured, butalso bring-
ing the operatives and makers of cigars? And
I would ask him further, whether his object-
would not be better accomplished by the adop-
tion of my motion to strike out the provision
and let the law stand as it is?
Mr. IiELLEY._ _ I began by stating that I
thought this provision was improperly here and
ought to be stricken out; but as a matter of
compromise I would take the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
burn.] I think the provision ought to be
stricken out, or that the committee ought to
withdraw it. But as it is too late to make a
motion to strike out and the committee is
indisposed to withdraw it, I accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman,from Massachusetts as
a compromise. The tariff, as it stands, has
introduced into the country a new branch of
industry, and will give fine American cigars
the world over the high reputation that the
choice brands of Havana's have hitherto en-
joyed. I now withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MYERS. I renew it. The amendment
I had desired to see adopted is one making it
$2 50 per pound and fifty cents ad valorem.
That, I think, is what it ought to be. I never
would have consented to pass this section,
hurrying through as we did last night; without
making the point of order that a tariff clause
had nothing to do with the bill, but for the fact
that I understood we should return to it. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means makes a new argument against the
tariff. He says that we are already getting a
large number of these imported cigars. I do
not want them to come in and compete with
our own industry. I want no tariff that will
allow that. Let those who wish to smoke
imported cigars pay a little higher. From
every part of the country we are flooded with
petitions to protect this industry. I propose to
do it, and 1 believe this House, if it under-
stands the question, will do it. iSTow, I have
the figures here in answer to the figures of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means :
Cost of pure Havana tobacco made in. the United States
into cigar8s
Wrappers, six pounds, at $o 50  $21 00
tillers, lourteen pounds, at $1 40  19 60
40 GO
Average cost of making....  20 00
Packing arid shading  5 00
Ten boxes with trimming  2 50
Stripping stems  j qo
'■L'AX 5 00
Say  $7110
Same grade of cigars cost in Havana  $"0 00
Eleven pounds to finished cigar per thousand,
(there being a waste of nine pounds, one third
stems,) at two dollars duty $22 00
Twenty-five per cent, ad valorem  5 00
r . w .   27 00
freight and insurance  1 00
i> • ,, 00
.Premium on gold  19 20
T ,, , 67 30
lux now added  £, oo
$76 20
So that you can import one thousand Havana
cigars for two dollars less than you can make up
the same grade of tobacco here, and as where
the wrappers are of Connecticut seed-leaf, Penn-
sylvania or Ohio tobacco the cost is but $9 50
less per thousand, you will have the fine grade
Havanas, with their great prestige, imported
at only seventy-five cents more per hundred
than a commoner grade of American cigars.
Certainly this is sufficient protection. To ob-
tain this protection I last night reserved the
