444
SUPPLEMENT TO
in the fourth article, that he did unlawfully con-
spire with one Lorenzo Thomas, and with other
persons to the House of Representatives un-
known, with intent, by intimidation and threats,
/unlawfully to hiijd'er and prevent Edwin M.
Stanton, Secretary of War, from holding said
office; in the fifth article, that he did unlaw-
fully conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas,- and
with other persons to the House of Represent-
atives unknown, to prevent and hinder the
execution of an act entitled "An act regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices;" in the sixth
article, that he did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas by force to seize, take, and
possess the property of the United Slates in
the Department of War; in the seventh arti-
cle, that he did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas with intent unlawfully to seize,
take, and possess >the property of the United
States in the Department of War.
As to the fifth and seventh articles, they
charge no intent or purpose on the part of the
President of doing the things therein specified
with, force, intimidation, or threats; which
being of the essence of said offenses and omit-
ted, no offenses are charged; and as to those
articles, and also the fourth and sixth, there is
no evideneo that the President entered into
any conspiracy with General Thomas, or any
persons, to do the things set forth in said
articles; or that he intended, advised, or sanc-
tioned the use of any force, intimidation, or
threats in doing them. The whole case against
the President in connection with the matters
charged in those four articles is, that he wrote
a letter of the usual tenor to Mr. Stanton, re-
moving liim from the office of Secretary of
War, and a letter to General Thomas, notify-
ing him of his designation to supply the vacancy
temporarily, and directing him to take charge
of the office and enter upon its duties; all of
which, by the Constitution and laws, he had
the power and the right to do. There is no
evidence that lie intended, advised, or sanc-
tioned the use of any force, intimidation, or
threats in connection with these transactions.
There is nothing in the case to sustain the
fourth, lifth, sixth, and seventh articles, and
with the others they all fall together.
Upon the grounds 1 have stated [ reach the
conclusion, that the defense of the President
is full and complete; but there an! other grave
and weighty reasons why this court should not
proceed to his conviction, that I will now pro-
ceed to consider.
The Senate is sitting as a court of impeach-^
ment, to try articles preferred by the House of
Representatives against the President of the
United States. Each member has taken a
special oath prescribed by the Constitution,
and in these words : 4
"I .solemnly swear that in all thinsrs appertaining
io the trial oi tho impeachmontof Andrew Johnson,
President of tho United States, now pending, 1 will
do impartial ju.stioo aeeordinK to the Constitution
and the law: so hell) mc God."
None of his acts can be considered but
those which are Ret forth against him in the
articles as offenses, and he can be convicted
only upon such as are defined and declared by
the laws of the United States to be high
crimes or misdemeanors, and which are in
their nature and essence offenses of that char-
acter. This court is bound to try these arti-
cles of impeachment by the same laws and
rules of evidence, substantially, which would
govern an ordinary criminal court on the trial
of indictments against Andrew Johnson for
the same offenses—except in the matter of
judgment against him, which here would be
more grievous.
I will quote from Blackstone's Commenta-
ries a fundamental principle, which- is found
in all works on criminal law, is recognized in
every criminal court in America, and which
i.hould guide and control tins court in tho pend-
ing trial:
"And as vioious will without a vicious act. is no civil
crime, &o, on the other hand, an unwarrantable uec
without a vk-iou* will is no crime at all. So that
to constitute a mme hum,in Uivvs there must
be iir>c :j. vleimi,-. will, and secondly. an unlawful aet
consequent upon such vicjwus will."
This principle, that to the unlawful act there
must attach a criminal intent or purpose, which
prompted the commission of the act, is the
guiding light of all courts: a person doitig the
act charged to be a crime, in its absence, might
be guilty, but it would be without criminality.
The law generally infers the criminal intent
from the unlawful aet, but it always permits
the accused party to show by proof the absence
of the criminal intent, which is generally an
easier task in relation to offenses merely mala
prohibita, than in those which are also mala
se. All the offenses charged against the Pres-
ident are merely and strictly mala prohibita.
If the civil-office-tenure bill on its face is so
ambiguous and uncertain as not to inform an
officer of Government possessed of a good
common understanding, with reasonable cer-
tainty, whether or not it did comprehend the
case of Mr. Stanton, and forbid his removal
from office by the President, that act being
new and never having received a judicial con-
struction; and Andrew Johnson was under
trial on indictment in an ordinary criminal
court for the violation of that act, in the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton, the court oil motion
would instruct the jury to acquit.
If the question whether that act does not
trench on a great constitutional power of the
President, and is not therefore void, be one of
doubt and difficulty, and President Johnson
desired to have that question solved correctly;
and to that end consulted the Attorney Gen-
eral and all the other members of his Cabinet,
and their opinion was unanimous that it was
unconstitutional; and ho was counseled by
them all, including Mr. Stanton, to veto the
act upon that ground, and one of his purposes
in removing Air. Stanton was to make a case
for tho Supreme Court, in which its constitu-
tionality should be decided, universal reason
and justice would pronounce, that in writing
his letter to Mr. Stanton dismissing him from
office, the President had no criminal intent,
and did not commit an impeachable offense.
Tho evidence on this point which the prose-
cution presented, and which was admitted with-
out objection, would probably be sufficient with
most minds'to exculpate the President from all
criminal intent; but the most satisfactory proof
that could have been made upon it, and which
was clearly competent,, was the evidence of tho
members of tho Cabinet, which a majority of
this court ruled it would not hear. A criminal
court would not have excluded this evidence,
or, if having done so inadvertently, on con-
viction by tho jury, it would of its own motion
award a new trial. In the face of so grave an
error committed by this court, and affecting so
materially the defense of tho respondent, it
would be a great wrong to him and the country
to proceed to his conviction.
The powers of our Government are care-
fully and wisely divided out among the three
departments, and the lines of separation are in
some cases so indistinct that it is difficult to
avoid overstepping them. A just and patriotic
President would not willfully infringe the con-
stitutional powers and rights of Congress ; nor
would that body, if composed of such men,
make any intentional aggression upon those
eonlided to the President. 1 have observed no
such disposition on the part of the present ex-
ecutive head; and the question between him
and Congress growing out of the civil-office-
tenure bill, he desired to have submitted to and
decided by the Supreme Court, as has been
satisfactorily proved in this ease. He took
legal advice, and was informed that under ex-
isting laws he could not have any proceeding
instituted to determine it, which could be taken
to the Supreme Court and be tried by it until
about the time or after the expiration of his
presidential term. He had no remedy by which
he could test the question in a reasonable time.
Congress and the President both should iiave
j desired and have sought the settlement of
this, and all other questions of controverted
power between them, by the judgment of that
tribunal which the Constitution had designed
for that purpose. In a few hours of any day,
Congress could haye framed and passed a law
which would have enabled the Supreme Court
summarily to have got possession of and to .
decide promptly this, and all other questions
between it and the President; and such settle-
ment of the disputed boundaries of their re-
spective powers, would have befen accepted by
the people generally, and as to. those ques-
tions would have given repose to the country.
But instead of such wise and peaceful legisla-
tion, Congress was exhausting all its ingenuity
and all its resources to make its aggressions
upon the Executive Departments successful
and complete ; and so to organize, fetter, and
intimidate the Supreme Court, as to prevent
it from interfering to perform its great office
of settling such questions by the Constitution,
law, and reason.
But Mr. Stanton sued out a criminal warrant
against General Thomas to protect himself
against intrusion into the War Office; and when
the President heard of this proceeding he ex-
pressed his gratification, knowing that the
question of the validity of his removal of Mr.
Stanton would come up on the. hearing of a
writ of habeas corpus that might be sued out
by General Thomas. The latter executed bond
with surety to appear before Judge Cartter to
answer the complaint of Stanton, and at, the
appointed time appeared before the Judge
with his surety, who surrendered him to the
court. It was the plain duty of-Judge Cartter
to have ordered General Thomas into the cus-
tody of the marshal, or to prison; but he did
neither, because either would have been a re-
straint of his liberty and have made a ground
for suing out a writ of habeas corpus for a
judicial inquiry into the cause of his deten-
tion. The case, immediately after hearing by
the judge before whom the writ might be re-
turned, could be taken to the Supreme Court,
heard at once, and the questions of right be-
tween Stanton and Thomas to the War Office
and the constitutionality of the civil-office-
tenure bill, would be before the court for its
decision.
This was the purpose of Thomas, and by this
time it had become apparent; and the impar-
tial and patriotic judge determined to defeat
it by the disregard of his own official duty ;
and he refused to order Thoma3 into custody,
and consequently there ceased to be any ground
for Thomas to sue out'a writ of habeas corpus.
Here a corrupt judge revealed himself, and
afforded to the House of Representatives an
opportunity to impeach him for corruption in
office, palpable and flagitious. But it was
their bull that had gored the ox.
. The purpose and desire of the President, to
have the question of the constitutionality of the
civil-rights bill decided by the Supreme Court
is manifest; that it, and ail other questions be-
tween them have not been submitted to that
test is due to the default of Congress.
But tho exclusion of important evidence by
this court involves another and very grave
error. The Constitution says of impeachment,
"No person shall be convicted without the con-
currence of two thirds of the members present.':
Convicted does not mean simply condemned,
for a man may be condemned of a crime with-
out or against evidence; but convicted means
proved and determined to beyuiUy. There may
be condemnation, but cannot be conviction wilh-
outproof. One of the necessary elements of
conviction is evidence, and it might be impos-
sible on all the evidence of the defense in a
case, and yet practicable and easy upon the
residue after excluding a material part of it.
The exclusion of material evidence is a part of
conviction, and may besubstaulially and practi-
cally the conviction.
But conviction is a totality, can exist only
■in solido, and in all its parts and processes,
and as a whole, it requires two thirds of the
Senators present. To demand two thirds to
convict, and to permit a majority to exclude
all or a material part of the evidence which
might produce conviction, would not only be
a hollow mockery, but an absurdity and con-
tradiction. The constitutional rule, which re-
