the congressional globe.
quires two thirds to convict, by necessary im-
plication, makes the same number necessary to
rule out the defendant's evidence, in whole or
part, and so produce conviction. If this court,
by a majority of its members, had excluded
the whole of the defendant's evidence, it would
have shockecf'tlie country, and there would
have been a general exclamation, that a rule
of practice which would enable'a bare major-
ity indirectly to effect what a great constitu-
tional principle required two thirds to do, to
convict in all cases of impeachment, was both
mischievous and unsound. This court should
correct this erroneous ruling of an important
constitutional principle by its judgment in favor
of the President.
There are still other cogent considerations
against the impeachment of the President, one
of the most weighty of which I made at the
opening of the trial, and will here restate.
This court is not constituted according to the
requirements of the Constitution, and, there-
fore, is incompetent to try the case before it.
The Constitution provides that—
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof for six yeais; and each Senator
shall have one vote." => h  . "No
State, without its consent, shall be deprived of its
equal suffrage in the Senate." * * *■ *
" Tho Senate shall have the sole power to try all im-
peachments," A:e.
Every State has an equal right to have two
members of the Senate, and to choose them
by her Legislature, and to organize her gov-
ernment and elect that Legislature by her own
people, with whom rests her political power,
without any dictation or interference by Con-
gress. When a State has chosen her Senators,
and they apply at the bar of tile Senate for
admission as members, it is the right of the
State and of her Senators-elect, if they have
the qualifications required by the Constitution,
to be admitted, and this body cannot, without
violating it, keep them out. The Senate has
the right to reject an applicant who does not
present himself with qualifications, election,
and return in conformity to the Constitution,
but every one who comes so arrayed is entitled
to admission.
In time of peace, when there is no rebellion
or insurrection in a State against the United
States, a majority or any number of the Senate
or of the two Houses of Congress have no
right or power to deny to such or any State
representation in them; and its exercise is
destructive of the Constitution, and overthrows
the Government which it created. Such a power
would at all limes enable a taction, that hap-
pened to hold a majority in the two Houses to
mutilate them at will, and control the whole
Government by excluding the Senators and
Representatives from as many States as might
be needful for their purposes. All this has
been inaugurated and is in course of successful
enactment By the dominant party.
When the rebellion was crushed out and
those engaged in it made their submission, the
Constitution, by its own force, reinstated the
States involved in it de jure to their previous
position in the Union, with all the rights and
duties of the other States. They conformed
their constitutions and governments, so far as
they had been estranged by secession and
rebellion, to the Constitution and Government
of the United States, and elected their Senators
and Representatives.
Congress by many of its laws, the Executive
by multitudinous appointments and other acts,
and the Supreme Court by hearing all cases j
coming up from them and allotting its mum- I
bers to hold circuit courts in them, reco'gnized |
them as States ; hut still the Senate and House I
persisted in keeping out their Senators and I
Representatives. At length Tennessee ex- \
tended the right of sufliage to her negro popu- |
laiion, and disfranchised a largo portion of her j
white men that had been implicated in the
rebellion, and forthwith the majority in the ,
two Houses admitted her Senators and Repre-
sentatives ; but the other southern States con-
tinued to be contumacious on the vital, radical
parly question of negro suffrage, and therefore
were continued to be denied their great con-
stitutional right of representation in the two
Houses of Congress. It was thus demonstrated,
that the cause of denying to t he southern States
representation in Congress, in violation of the
Constitution, was their not having conferred
the right to vote on their negro population,
and that they were to continue unrepresented
until they surrendered that point, or until
means could be devised to fasten it upon
them. A Senate from which almost one third
of its members is excluded, and who, if pres-
ent, would probably differ from the majority
of those here in their judgment of this import-
ant case, cannot form a constitutional court
of impeachment for its trial.
The impeachment of the President of the
United States is the arraignment of the execu-
tive department of the Government by one
branch of the legislative department and its
trial by the other. The incongruity of such a
responsibility and consequent danger of the
ultimate subordination of the executive to the
legislative department excited the gravest ap-
prehensions of that wisest political sage, Mr.
Madison, when the Constitution was being
framed. Short of the sword, it is the extreme
remedy, and was intended for the worst politi-
cal disorders of the executive department.
Nothing but treason, official bribery, or other
high crimes and misdemeanors, made so by
law, and also in their nature of deep moral
turpitude, which are dangerous to the safety
of the State, and which palpably disqualify
and make unfit an incumbent to remain in
the office of President, can justify its applica-
tion to him. Cases that do not come up to
this measure of delinquency,'those who made
the Constitution intended should be remedied
in the frequency of our elections by the people
at the ballot-box, and the public repose and
welfare require that they should be referred to
that most appropriate tribunal.
Impeachment was not intended to be used
as an engine to gratify private malice, to avenge
disappointed expectations, to forward schemes
of personal ambition, to strengthen the meas-
ures or continue the power of a party, to pun-
ish partisan infidelity, to repress and crush its
dissensions, to build up or put down opposing
factions. By our system all that sort ot work
is to be done in popular canvasses ; and to
bring the great and extraordinary remedy of
impeachment to do any of it, is the vile pros-
titution of what was intended to ho a rare and
august remedy for great evils of state.
The impeachment of a President of the
United States, for a difference of political policy
between him and Congress, is a monstrous
perversion of power. Is the present prosecu-
tion anything but that? President Johnson
and Congress agreed in their policy and meas-
ures to put down the rebellion, and they were
signally successful; and after it was crushed
out these departments of the Government did
many formal and important official acts relating
to each and all of them engaged in the rebel-
lion as States in tho Union, and as having the
same relations as the other States with the
Government of the United States.
Those States complied with conditions in-
sisted upon both by the President and Con-
gress, and by their constitutions and laws they
respectively abolished slavery, renounced the
principle of secession, repudiated their debts
created by their rebellion, and ratified the thir-
teenth amendment ol'the Constitution, by which
slavery was abolished throughout the United
States. For the masses of the people of those
States, the President thought all this was sub-
mission and expiation enough, and refused to
insist that they should, in addition, confer on
their late slaves, who in two States exceeded
the whites, and in all of them were a large por- j
tion of the aggregate population, the right of ]
suffrage, nor would he consent to unite in un- !
constitutional measures to force negro suffrage j
upon those States. This is the real head and i
front of the President's offending: he would
not cooperate with the Radicals in their scheme
to get possession of and control tho govern-
ments and all the political power of the sou-th-
en^ S|ates by the agency of voting negroes
against the will of the white people, and to-all
their unconstitutional measures to effect it he
opposed the power with which the Constitution
had invested him.
A subordinate ground of their ire against
the President was, that to many of the people
of the southern States who were engaged iu
the rebellion, he extended the magnanimity
add clemency of the people of the United
States in the exercise of the pardoning* power,
the noblest of all the great powers with which
they have intrusted him. But there were no
rebels, however vile, that were willing to be-
come the liegemen of the Radical party, whose
pardon they did not favor; and they have
trenched further upon the powers of the Pres-
ident by assuming that of pardon, in bills in-
troduced in both Houses to remove the dis-
abilities of a great number of rebels, since
become Radicals. But it is time all were
pardoned!
Among the many strange positions assumed
by the prosecution are: 1. The President has
no right to inquire into and act upon his con-
clusion that the civil-office-tenure act, or any
other act of Congress, is unconstitutional. 2.
That it was his duty to execute that act with-
out any question of its constitutionality. 8.
That this court of impeachment has no right
or power to inquire into the constitutionality
of that act.
_ The latter position is so palpably and flagi-
tiously unsound as to deserve no other answer
than a simple denial. The others are entitled
to some consideration, though they are nega-
tived by the Constitution itself, to prove which
I will quote from it;
"This Constitution and the laws of the United
States which shall he made in pursuance thereof " *
* ' "shall be the supreme law of the land;
and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby,
anything in tho constitutions or laws of any State to
tile contiary notwithstanding."
/'The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the members of the several State Legis-
latures, and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
bo bound by oath or aflirmation to support this Con-
stitution."
"Tho President, before he enter on the execution
of his oifiec, shall take the following oath or affirm-
ation:
"1 do solemnly swear (or affirm) that T will faith-
fully execute the ofiiee of President of the United
States, and will to the best ol my ability preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States."
The plain sequences of these provisions of
the Constitution are some very important prin-
ciples :
1. The Constitution is the paramount law
of the land throughout the United States.
2. Every constitution and law of the States
and every act of Congress, s.o far as they may
be inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States, fall before its predominant au-
thority and force, and from their origin are
void and of no effect.
8. While it is the right of every citizen to •
oppose unconstitutional acts of Congress by
every proper means, it is the especial duty of
the President to make that resistance, as the
chief executive officer of the Government, who
has taken an official oath before entering on
the execution of his office that he will faith-
fully execute the office of President of the
United States, and will to the best of his ability
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of tho United States. He has no more im-
portant duty to perform, and none more oblig-
atory upon liim, than to preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution against all assailants,
against Congress, and all comers, in doing
this, he is not to make war, or any civil con-
vulsion ; but he is to resort to every appropriate
means with which the Constitution and the laws
have intrusted him; and none cou-ld be more
lit than his removal of Mr. Stanton from office,
with the purpose of making a ease for the Su-
preme Court, in which the constitutionality
of tho civil-oflice-tenure bill should be decided
by the tribunal appointed by the Constitution
for the final judgment of all such questions.
The right of each department of the Gov-
