1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question was then ordered to be now :i
put.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call attention to the
first part of the rule, by which it is provided that
it shall be. the duty of the Committee on Foreign
AtVairs to take into consideration all matters
which concern the relations of the United
States with foreign nations.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 82, not voting
82; as follows : i
YEAS—Messrs. AUi§WfcsiAmes, Anderson, Bailey, j
Baker. Barnum, Beaimm.Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, !
Bioomall, Butler,Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, 1
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly,
Esgleston. Kla, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gravely, Hal-
sey, Hamilton. Harding, Holman, Hotchkiss, Chester
D. Hubbard. Richard I>. Hubbard, Hunter, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, McClurg, Mercur,
Moorhead, Nowcouib, Nicholson, Nunn, Paine, Per-
ham, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Price, Schenck, Shanks,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
Thomas. Upson, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, !
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
P. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and Wood—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell. Delos R.
Ashley, Jaines M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Bauks,
Barnes, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Buckland. Burr, Chanler, Coburn, Cullom,
Dixon, Eldridge, Eliot, Perriss, Ferry, Fields, Getz,
Glo-sbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, i
Hill. Higby. Hooper, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenckesv Johnson. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, 1
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard,McCarthy, Morgan, Mullins, Mun-
gen. Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Phelps,
Plants, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson. Robinson Ross,
Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Ste-
ven?, Stewart, Taber, Trimble, Van Aernam, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Woodward—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beck, Blair, Cake,Cornell,
Covode, Drissr-\ Eckley, Finney,Fox, Griswold, Hop-
kins. Asahel W. Hubbard, Kitchen, Lynch, MoCul-
lon^ii. Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey, Poland,
Pomeroy, Eaum, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Stone, I
Tatfe, Trowbridge. Twichell, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, and Ward—32.
So the amendment was disagreed to. j
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was disagreed to ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on ;
the table. i
The latter motion was agreed to. |
The question recurred on agreeing to the '
resolutions reported by Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand a separate vote
on the one relating to a select committee of
nine on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. That will be reserved.
The rest of the resolutions were agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution reserved, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message
and accompanying documents as relates to the sub-
ject of reconstruction be referred to a select commit-
tee of nine on reconstruction.
Mr. GETZ. Would it be in order to move
to aTnend that resolution?
TheSPEAKER. It would not. The House
is acting under the previous question.
On agreeing to the resolution there were—
ayes 45, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
t- _ The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays43, not voting
32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland,
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Egglcston, Ela, Eliot,
Farnsworth, 1 erriss. Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield,
Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Hill,
Higby, Hooper. Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
sey, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch,Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
McClure, Mercur, Moorhead, Mullins, Myers, New-
comb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Shanks, Smith, Spalding. Starkweather,
riiaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William A\ illiains,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Stephen F.
Wilson—112.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Chanler, Eldridge. Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, Haight, Holman, llotchkiss, Richard 1).
Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross",'Sitgreaves,
Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and Wood-
ward—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, JamesM.
Ashley, Blaine, Blair, Cornell, Covode, Driggs, Fox,
Griswold, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jenckes, Kitchen,
McCullough, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey,
Poland, Pomeroy, Raum, Scofield, Selye, Shellabar-
ger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taffe, Tay-
lor. Twichell, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Windom, and
Woodbridge—;12.
So the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolutions
were adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
excused from committee service.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen have
asked to be excused from service on commit-
tees on account of serving on others, namely:
Mr. SitgeeavEs, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining; Mr. Nicholson,
of Delaware, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds; Mr. Stewart, of New
York, from the Committee on Expenditures
in the War Department; and Mr. Hulburd,
of New York, from the Committee on Expend-
itures on the Public Buildings.
No objection was made, and the gentlemen
named were excused from service.
taxes from national banks.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in compliance with the res-
olution of the House of the 30th ultimo, reports
from the Treasurer of the United States, the
Register, and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, relative to the amount of taxes re-
ceived from national banks during the last
fiscal year.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the commu-"
nication be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and printed.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move as an amendment
that it be referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency. It appropriately belongs
to that committee.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Allison's motion was agreed to.
land grants to southern railroads.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Public
Lands a bill to declare forfeited to the United
States certain lands granted to aid in the con-
struction of railroads in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and for
other purposes, and moved that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands, and
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the '
committee would extend the bill still further, !
so as to include all the States. I think it is
time to stop this thing.
. Mr. Julian's motion was agreed to.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of Mrs.
General Smith.
the currency.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of so amending the act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," as to extend its advantages to
all persons who will comply with its provisions, and
to restrict the issuing of bank notes to any bank to
an amount not exceeding two thirds of its capital
stock, and that they have power to report by bill or
otherwise.
pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
liemhed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to this House a copy of his
communication, referred to in his last.annual report,
touching the right of the central branch of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company to construct their line of
road from its intersection with the vacated line of
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern divis-
ion, and along such vacated route to the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude, and to receive there-
for a subsidy in lands and bonds; also a copy of his
decision on the right of the San Francisco and San
Jose Railroad Company to lauds and bonds by rea-
son of the construction of their road.
the tote on impeachment.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to record my vote
against impeachment on the vote taken on
Saturday.
The SPEAKER. That would require a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. BARNES. I move a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. WOOD. I desire also to record my
vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Can that
proposition be received?
The SPEAKER. Only by a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the rule on the subject read.
The SPEAKER. That rule can be sus-
pended as well as all others.
Mr. BARNES. I have here a list of several
gentlemen who desire to record their vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
proposition so as to allow all gentlemen who
have not voted on that question, and who are
present, to record their votes.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
29th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" No member shall vote on any question in the
event of which he is immediately and particuluily
interested, or in any case where he was not within
the bar of the House when the question was put.
And when any member shall ask leave to vote, the
Speaker shall propound to him the question : 'Were
you within the bar before the last name on the roil
was called?' anil if he shall answer in the negative
the Speaker shall not further entertain the request of
sueh.member to vote: Provided, however, that any
member who was absent by leave of the House may
vote at any time before the result is announced."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this
proposition shall be received, that rule is a per-
fect nullity, because any gentleman can come
in on Monday and move to suspend the rules to
allow him to vote. I think we should put a
stop to that practice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
proposition of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Barnes] so that all maybe allowed to vote
who were absent on Saturday.
Mr. BARNES. I accept the amendment.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Barnes, as modified, to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 89, nays 50, not
voting 48; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutwell. Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall,
Burr, Cary, Chanler, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz.Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Gravelv. Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Holman, Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kerr, Knett, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Mallory, Marshall,
Maynard, McClurg, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Poland,
Polsley, Price, Pr"iyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross,
Sawyer, Shanks, r.itgreaves, Spalding, Stewart,
Taber. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Auken, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck. Henry D.Wash-
burn, William B.Washburn, Thomas Williams, IVin-
dom, and Wood—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Beawau, Benjamin, Benton,
