1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
352-7
right to amend this section when the House
would be fuller and better able to give the
subject attention. I still believe my point of
order well taken, that a tariff' clause is not ger-
mane to a tax bill; bat if a reduction of duty
is insisted on at least let ns not go below the
amendment which I hare just renewed, that
this duty on foreign cigars shall be $2 50 per
thousand and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
When the addition of the five-dollar tax is
considered this will still reduce the duty $4 50
per thousand on imported cigars. Certainly
this is enough, and I hope the House will so
consider it.
I hope that the committee will not adhere
blindly to every proposition that is contained in
this bill. That committee comes in here from
year to year with additional legislation, ac-
knowledging by so doing that they have made
mistakes. If nothing better can be obtained,
I hope this amendment will become the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Myers] that that gentleman is under a misap-
prehension in regard to the point of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is minuted upon
the Clerk's record as having reserved the
right to move an amendment to this section.
The gentleman has no right on any parliament-
ary point, because the point could not be made
in Committee of the Whole, not having been
reserved at the time the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. Upon that point the
Chair will recollect that I arose in my place
last night and announced that I would reserve
the right to make a point of order on this
proposition. The Chair intimated that the
right to make such a point must be first reserved
in the House. It would, perhaps, have been
time enough to make that decision when the
point was made. I merely said that I would
reserve the right to make it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [ Mr. Myers] has made the point,
and the Chair has ruled upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I _rise to oppose the
amendment, and also to oppose the entire pro-
viso of this section. It is due to myself to say
that I was not aware that this proviso was in
this bill until I saw it in print. I shall add
very little to what has been said upon the sub-
ject of the duty on cigars. The principal
objection which I shall now urge is, that in
my opinion this is a provision which has no
business in this bill.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. ALLISON. Do we not by this very
bill add five dollars per thousand to the duty
on imported cigars, and by this very section?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not so understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand it so perfectly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do notunderstandthat
to be the" cffect of it. But even if it is, as I
was remarking by way of apology, this par-
ticular feature of it had escaped my attention,
and I was not aware it was in the bill until I
saw a printed copy of it. Now. I object to its
being here as a part of this bill, proposed as
it was under the restricted and limited instruc-
tions of the House, which instructions would
exclude it, and which provision the Chair
informs us would be ruled out of order had
that point been made at the proper time. But
I am opposed to introducing such a provision
into an internal tax bill under any circum-
stances. Duties on imports and internal taxes
should be kept separate and distinct as well in
the enactment and passage of the law as in the
administration of the law. As the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] observed
a few minutes ago, the Committee of Ways and
Means have officially announced in the House
their intention to ask leave to introduce a tariff
bill, and to invoke action upon it. I trust that
permission will be granted by the House, that
the Committee of Ways and Means will act
\jnder it, and that the subject of the tariff will
come up, and that before this session closes.
At that time this subject of the duty on cigars
can be considered. That will be the time and
that the place for considering this subject. If
the present duty is too high, then reduce it.
Arguments on the one side or the other will be
pertinent at that time, and will be germane to
such a bill. But they are neither pertinent
nor germane to this bill, which is one relating
to the internal taxes of the country.
I am reminded that in the bill reported by
my colleague on the Committtee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Moorhead,] it is proposed to re-
duce the present duty on cigars below what it
now is. On investigation and examination it
may be found proper to concur in the action
so recommended. But my objection is that
such a provision is utterly out of place here
in this bill; that it is a stranger and an outlaw;
that it has no business here, and that it ought
not to be entertained in connection with this
bill. I hope, therefore, that the Committee
of the Whole will concur in the motion of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] to strike
out this proviso, and we can incorporate it in
the tariff bill when it comes up for considera-
tion.
Mr. O'NEILL. Technically as a parlia-
mentary point I do not care whether this pro-
vision remains in the bill or not. If I thought
we could make a change in the tariif in this
respect I would say let us do it here and now,
without regard to the question of order which
was raised. I am very anxious that not only
upon manufactured tobacco, but upon every
other article which can be made in this coun-
try by our own people, there should be a
tariff high enough to protect American indus-
try, and I do not care in what kind of a bill we
get it. By striking out this proposition of the
Committee of Ways and Means to reduce, the
duty from three dollars per pound and fifty
cejits ad valorem to two dollars per pound and
twenty-five cents ad valorem, we are thus far
protecting the men and women who are toiling
in cigar manufactories against foreign compe-
tition and capital. Although I am in favor of
striking out these few lines, I am not even in
favor of the amendment offered by my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn] unless I
find we cannot succeed in keeping in force the
existing duty, i have become convinced that
the Thirty-Ninth Congress did right in not
reducing the tariff upon cigars, and it is only
necessary to know to be convinced of that fact
that now there is invested in many of our dis-
tricts a vast amount of money, giving work to
hundreds of people in making up tobacco into
various shapes, and especially into cigars, who
heretofore could find very little to do, and
whose occupation was almost gone. Why ?
For the reason so plainly indicated in the re-
marks of my colleague, [Mr. Kelley, ] that the
men who imported cigars see they can use their
capital to more advantage in Philadelphia by
importing it in the leaf and manufacturing it
where it is consumed. I do not mean to be
understood as intimating that Philadelphia is
the only locality in this country where Ameri-
can cigars are made 'or where American to-
bacco is manufactured, but I want to say that
in our city the manufacture of cigars is carried
on by such firms as the one mentioned by my
colleague, employing hundreds and thousands
of men and women, and even children. Then
do not let us diminish their work by legislating
as propesed by the Committee of Ways and
Means. I am in favor of the duty remaining
just as it is. I am sure those who consume
foreign tobacco made up before importation !
will not complain of Congress for trying at
least to encourage the industrious among our
own citizens. Many of the smokers of imported
cigars will, if by our cherishing home industry
we can improve the growth of American to-
bacco by encouraging the planter and farmer, I
after awhile use it as it comes from our own i
soil, and already are enjoying American cigars >
made of foreign tobacco in American work- ;
shops. j.
To come to (lie practical point, why should I
we seek to reduce the duty? We are liepre- i
sentatives in an American Congress. We are
endeavoring to uphold and stimulate the indus-
tries of our country. We are endeavoring, or
we should be, to encourage every branch of
manufacturing which can by any possibility be
carried on by our own people. I represent a
district in which the manufacture of cigars is
carried on to a very great extent, greater, per-
haps, than in many other districts in Pennsyl-
vania ; among my constituents in that are hun-
dreds and thousands of people who are in some
cases working for men who have heretofore
imported cigars very largely in making what is
called the American article, which 1 believe
will, in a few years, comparatively drive out
of the market all other kinds. I believe that
most of us are learning to smoke American
cigars ; and even those who think the imported
are better, will at last, if we do not legislate
unwisely, come to believe that we can grow
tobacco here excelling much of the foreign
tobacco. I would prefer the striking out of
the paragraph which would reduce the duty
and leave it as in the present law, to voting
for the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Washburn,] but will vote
for his amendment if I can do no bettter. In
other words, I would prefer the duty at three
dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad valo-
rem, than at $2 60 per pound and twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
[Here the hammer fell.3
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to oppose the
amendment pro forma. I desire to have this
item and two or three similar items stricken
out of this bill, for the reason that they prop-
erly belong to a tariff bill, not to this bill, and
have no business here.
Now, sir, I know that it is very common
and very proper for members of a committee
to support the action of the committee in the
House. I have endeavored to do so generally,
so far as I could do so with propriety. In
this case I feel that I am entirely released from
any obligation to support this item, for when
it was introduced in the committee I told my
colleagues that it was not germane : that w«
had no right under the rules of the House to
introduce a tariff provision into an internal
revenue bill; and that I would make objec-
tion to the provision whenever the bill should
be reported to the House, knowing that the
Speaker would rule it out. But I happened
to be absent when the bill was reported. It
appears that the bill is now in such a position
that the provision cannot be ruled out on a
point of order. But it is very easy for the
Committee of the Whole to get out of the diffi-
culty by striking out the provision ; and as it
does not properly belong in the bill, as it is an
overturning of our whole system of legislation,
mingling together two incongruous subjects,
I hope the committee will strike it out. And
just at this point I would appeal to the chair-
man of the committee, who is so well versed
in matters of this kind, to give us his opinion
whether this proviso legitimately belongs in
this bill or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. It does legitimately be-
long there, because the majority of the com-
mittee agreed to put it there, and reported it
to the House to take its fortune with the rest
of the bill; and though I, as well as my col-
league, [Mr. Moorhead,] voted against it, I
supposed (for I may as well define my own
position now) there was no impropriety on my
part in expressing the views of the committee,
and I uudertook to be the committee's organ.
I find, sir, however loyal I may try to be to the
committee in presenting its views according to
the decision of the majority, so far as the indi-
vidual members of the committee are con-
cerned, they too often, when in the House,
vote according to the particular views they
expressed in committee. The consequence is,
instead of presenting an undivided front, we
are divided, and lose the force we otherwise
would have. Since we have become demoral-
ized on this subject, I do not hesitate to con-
fess, if we may divulge the seci^ts of the com-
mittee, whatever may be the case with others,
