1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
now, when the building is almost on the eve of
completion, by refusing the absolutely neces-
sary appropriations, seems to me like the very
height of absurdity.
Twenty-eight thousand dollars a year, as I
have said, are now being paid as rent for the
rickety, incomplete, unsafe tinder-box of a
building in which the business of the internal
revenue department is now administered. Dur-
ing the approaching summer or- autumn that
department will be transferred to this building,
now on the eve of completion, unless the in-
discreet motion of my friend from Iowa should
prevail.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, I may be
"indiscreet;" probably I am. "When T get to
be perfect, sir, I shall remove to Maine and
run for Congress. [Laughter.] I agree with
my friend from Maine [Mr. BlaikeJ in one
thing—that the Treasury building is a "mag-
nificent" structure. But I ask my friend from
Maine or any other gentleman on this floor
whether his constituents sent him here to vote
money out of the Treasury to build "magnifi-
cent buildings?" Sir, I have learned long
since that there is a very wide difference be-
tween a splendid Government and one which
advances the best interests of the people.
The gentleman says that this extension of
the Treasury building is necessary to avoid
large outlays now made for rent; but I say to
liiin, let the rooms in that Department be occu-
pied as they should be. A room forty feet by
sixty, or thirty by sixty, or thirty by fifty is a
little larger than is absolutely necessary for
the accommodation of one or two men. If
the rooms in the Treasury building were occu-
pied judiciously, occupied as rooms for public
purposes are occupied in Maine, in Illinois,
m Wisconsin, in Iowa, or any other State of
this Republic, there would be plenty of room
and to spare. There is no State in the Union
that furnishes its officers with anything like
such accommodations as are enjoyed by these
gentlemen in the Departments here. In those
Departments you can find large rooms with
nobody in them, which are used for reception
rooms. Let those rooms be occupied by
clerks.
This is the fifth winter I have sat in this
House as a Representative. The first winter I
was here I attempted to arrest the expendi
tures for this Treasury building, and I was met
with this very declaration that the appropria-
tion was intended to complete the work. The
second winter I heard the same story; and it
was repeated the third and the fourth winter.
Now, this fifth winter the same statement is
made; and I expect to hear this story to the
end of the chapter so long as I may he unfor-
tunate enough to continue a member of this
House. In this very bill wc have appropria-
tions for this Treasury building, amounting to
$240,000 within two inches and a half on a
single page, and this money is to be expended
for purposes which, I venture to say, are of no
more use than the fifth wheel to a coach.
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I renew the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I submit to the committee
that the argument of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] in reference to the appropriation
for the north wing of the Treasury building
has not yet been answered. The question is
not whether we should stop the work but
whether we should continue these most extrav-
agant appropriations for furniture and fixtures.
Mr. BLAINE. Is $25,000 extravagant?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; it is
§240,000.
Mr. BLAINE. That is not for furniture at all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Before we vote
this amount of njoney we ought at least to
know from some gentleman of the committee
that he has seen some estimate of what furni-
ture and fixtures this is for.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is in error
in saying this is for furniture and fixtures for
the north wing. Twenty-five thousand dollars
for the furniture of that large building is not
too much,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio._ Let me read
some of the clauses from the bill. In line two
hundred and nine we find $25,000 for fitting up,
fixtures, and furniture for the north wing of the
Treasury building. In line two hundred and
fourteen we find $175,000 for the north wing
of the Treasury building and the approaches,
including fittings and fixtures. Now, the
amount of it is, this bill has scattered in sev-
eral clauses an immense appropriation. The
aggregate amount is concealed by its being
distributed in several parts of the bill. I ask
any gentleman of the committee whether he
has seen any estimate of the items of these
appropriations, and whether he is prepared to
say this large amount of money is really needed
for furniture and fixtures?
Mr. BLAINE. Now, is not $25,000 a
prodigious sum for furnishing the Treasury
building?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That is not
all. The appropriations sum up $240,000. It
is an easy matter to say the appropriation is
not too large, but the gentleman from Iowa
has not yet been answered. I ask the acting
chairman of the committee whether he has
any estimates for these appropriations showing
the items, and whether he can say they are
proper ? If he says they are, after having seen
all the items, perhaps 1 shall have some con-
fidence in the justness of these appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Ingehsoll having taken the chair as Speaker
2>ro tempore, Mr. Scomeld reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the special
orderundor consideration, being House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1869, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the stateof the Union on the special Order,
the civil appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate upon the para-
graphs relating to the Treasury bo closed in
ten minutes after the committee shall resume
the consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate ; and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole; and it
was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
ScofieiJ) iti the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of t.he special order, being the bill
(II. It. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the SOth of June, 18G9, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, as I stated, I am very indifferent in re-
gard to what the committee does with this ap-
propriation of $25,000 for the furniture of this
building. I think the estimate was $50,000.
The committee deemed that very extravagant
and cut it down one half, leaving it to the
House to do what it pleased with it. We had
the architect before us, who explained in rela-
tion to the whole matter. Perhaps my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Piuce] desires this cut down
in order to have a little more to furnish gor-
geous rooms in that building at Iowa City
which costs 8170,000.
Mr. PRICE. In the first place, there has
been no appropriation made for a building at
Iowa City.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, at
Des Moines.
Mr. PRICE. And in the second place, I
am opposed to this because 
Mrf WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
$89,000, in addition to what we have appro-
priated already, will make a pretty gorgeous
affair at Des Moines.
Mr. PRICE. There is $240,000 appropri-
ated here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman was very zealous in regard to matters
in his own State, "but when it comes here in
the great capital of the Republic, for great pub-
lic purposes in which all the people are inter-
ested, he pitches into the appropriations.
Mr. PRICE. Particularly as you spend
more money here than for all the other cities
together named in the bill.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Price, there were—ayes 15, noes 45;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Price and Niblack.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-three ; noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Toward rebuilding the United Sft-tes military
asylum at Togus, near Augusta, Maine, destroyed
by accidental fire, $25,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to add
to the paragraph just read the following :
For continuing the work on the national arsenal
at Columbus, Ohio, $25,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the •
gentleman will allow me to make a statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This does
not belong to this bill at all, but to the mili-
tary apnropriation bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In the clause
immediately preceding is an appropriation for
a military asylum.
The CHAIRMAN. Doesjhe gentleman re-
fer to any law authorizing this 1
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Where is
the law ?
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed on
this paragraph by order of the House.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Lawrexce, of Ohio, it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I rise to a
point of order. I submit that debate was
closed only on the clause relating to the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too
late. The gentleman should have appealed
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late : but the
order of the House was, that debate was closed
on all matters relating to the construction
branch of the Treasury Department, which
includes the next two paragraphs.
The Clerk read as follows:
For office rent for the surveyor general of Wash-
ington Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, $1,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
insert the following :
For continuing the work on thenational arsenal at
Columbus, Ohio, $25,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that this amendment belongs
to the military appropriation bill. All these
appropriations have gone into that bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. They go into
any appropriation bill. This bill already eon-
tains an appropriation for rebuilding a mili-
tary asylum near Augusta, Maine.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order; the amendment is not germane
to the subject-matter under consideration.
The Clerk read as follows :
For continuing the work of the Capitol extension,
$100,000.
Mr. SELYE. I move to strike out that
clause. I understand this Capitol covers already
