3528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26.
I thought it should have never gone into the
hill. 1 presented the views, however, of the
committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
objection of the gentleman from Massachusetts
refers to the internal tax of five dollars being
applied t.o the imported article 
Mr. MOOBHEAD. I am just coming to
that. The chairman says it is legitimate to this
bill because it puts five dollars tax upon im-
ported cigars. My objection is as I have stated
it. I do not want a tariff item in an internal
tax bill. The sub-committee of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have acted on this
subject and have recommended a reduction of
the duty to some extent on these cigars. I
hope, therefore, this item, which seems to
trouble us and is acknowledged by the best
parliamentarians to be out of order in this bill,
will be stricken out.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to add a word
to what I harve said before. I do not think
gentlemen understand the question involved.
My friends from Tennessee and Pennsylvania
on the Committee of Ways and Means under-
take to carry their point on a technical point.
They forget we have imposed a tax of five dol-
lars on imported cigars.
Mr. MOOBHEAD. We did not forgetit.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield. Why do
we put live dollars upon them? Because we
have adopted a new system of stamps, and
we put the same amount on imported cigars
as upon manufactured cigars. Shall we not
beside reduce an onerous import duty? Now,
I stand here as much as any man in favor of
protecting the cigar manufacturers of this
country. This provision is to do away with
the smugglingof imported cigars. Everybody
who knows the A, B, C of tariff questions
knows there are more cigars smuggled than
pay duty. In 1860 we imported five hundred
millions of cigars which paid duty. As many
are smoked now as then, but a very small
amount of imported cigars pays duty. The
result is they come in without paying any duty,
and are a serious injury to our domestic man-
ufacture. I am willing to be fair 5 I am will-
ing to adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts of $2 50 a pound upon
imported cigars. 1 am not surprised the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania should insist this
should go into the tariff bill. He would have
a wall around the country and all importations
prohibited. The duty now is two hundred per
cent, and defeats the object sought to be accom-
plished. The same quantity of cigars is im-
ported, but they are smuggled and do not pay
duty.
Mr. MOOIUIEAD. The gentleman says
this stamp tax is an import duty. I thought
he was better informed. He has been on the
Committee of Ways and Means for years. I
have sat beside him and opposite him, and 1
am sorry he should come here and expose him-
self in this way.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Washburn, of Mas-
sachusetts, was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE called for tellers on his motion
to strike out.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Prior and
Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 52.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted. That there shall be assessed
and levied on the interest and interest coupons accru-
ing on all bonds, the interest, 011 which is payable at
the Treasury of the United States, an annual tax of
sixteen and two thirds per cent., which tax shall be
■withheld by the proper officer of the Treasury at the
time of the payment of such mtcrpst or coupons.
The tax hereby provided for shall be withheld from
the interest which shall become due on and after the
1st day of November, 1868.
Mr. GARFIELD and Mr. SPALDING
raised the point of order that the amendment
was not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
When the original bill was pending I sought
an opportunity to offer this proposition, and
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Schick]
stated that inasmuch as it was desirable to
dispose of the section then pending, he would
allow me the opportunity of submitting the
amendment at a subsequent time. I submit
that inasmuch as this is really a continuation
of the same bill, I should have permission to
offer it now.
The CHAIRMAN. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means had no power
to make any promise to bind the House. The
Chair rules it out of order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not
repeat the grounds upon which ho made a
similar decision this morning.
The question being taken on sustaining the
decision of the Chair, it was sustained—ayes
91, noes 16.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to insert after
section one hundred and seven the following
as a new section :
Sec. — . And be it further cnacted, That no stamp
under the internal revenue law shall be required on
any certificate or ticket given by pawnbrokers for
the articlo pledged.
I believe this is in order. We have got
through with the subject of cigars, and we are
now proceeding to the consideration of banks.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I raise the point of order
that this is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is important that this
should pass, and I givo notice that 1 intend to
press it at some place. Will it be in order to
bring it in after we dispose of the matter of
banks ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be in orler
at any time.
Mr. MOOREHAD. Will it be in order to
have a vote in the House on striking out that
section in relation to cigars?
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for the
House to allow the committee to vote, but not
for the committee to allow the House to vote.
The Clerk read as follows:
Banks and Bankers.
Sec. 108. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid a tax of one twelfth of
one per cent, each montn upon the average amount
of the deposits of money, other than public money
of the United States, subject to payment by check or
dratt, or represented by certificates of deposit or
otherwise, whether payable on demand or at some
future day, with any person, bank, association, com-
pany, or corporation engaged in the business of
banking, and a tax of one fourth of one p^r cent,
each month on tho average amount of all deposits
of public money in their possession to the credit of
the Treasurer or any disbursing officer ol the United
States; and a tax of one twenty fourth ot'one per
cent, each month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of
any bank, association, company, or corporation en-
gaged in the business of banking, and on the capital
employed by any person in the business of banking,
beyond the average amount invested in United States
bonds; and a tax of one sixth of one per cent, each
month upon the average amount of circulation issued
by any bank, association, ^corporation, company, or
person, including as circulation all certified checks
and all notes and other obligations calculated or
intended to circulate or to be used as money, but.not
including that in tho vault of the bank, or redeemed
and on deposit for said bank. And a true and. accu-
rate return of tho amount of circulation, of deposit,
and of capital, as aforesaid, and of the amount of
notes^ of persons, State banks and State banking
associations, and of States, cities, towns, or other
municipal corporati >ns, paid out by them for the
previousmonth, shall bemadeand renderedmonthly
by each of them to the assessor of thed'stiict in which
such bank, association corporation, or companymav
be located, or in which such person has his place of
business, with a declaration annexed thereto, verified
by the oath or affirmation ofsuch person, or of thepres-
identorcashierof such bank, association,corporation,
or company, insuch form and manner as may be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Kevenue.
And for any refusal or neglect to make or to render
such return and pay the tax, anysuch bank, associa-
tion, corporation, company, or person so in default
shall be subject to and pay a penalty of $200, besides
the additional penalty and forfeitures in other cases
provided by law; and in default of such return the
several amounts subject to tax shall be estimated by
tho assessor or assistant assessor on the best informa-
tion he can obtain. And in tbe case of banks with
branches, each branch shall make a separate return,
and the tax shall bo assessed on each severally. And
so much of the forty-first section of the act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United State? bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof, approved June 3,1864,
as imposes a tax on the banks organized under that
act, and requires returns to be made to the Treasurer
of the United States, be, and is hereby, repealed:
Provided, That the deposits in associations or com-
panies known as provident institutions, savings-
banks, savings tunds, or savings institutions, having
no capital stock and doing no other business than
receiving deposits to be loaned or invested for the
sole benefit of the parties^ making such deposits,
without profit or compensation to the association or
company, shall be exempt from tax on so much of
their deposits as they have invested in securities of
the United States, and on all deposits less than &500
made in the name of any one person; and tho re-
turns required to be made by such provident insti-
tutions and savings-banks shall be made on the first
Monday of January and July of each year, in such
form and manner as m£y be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out the
foregoing section, and if the committee shall
see tit to do it, I shall move to strike out the
next. I will sta'e briefly my reasons for so
doing. I wish the committee to consent to
take a vote on this motion, so that if it pre-
vails no time need be wasted in amendments.
Now, I appeal to the fairness and courtesy of
the committee. The Committee of Ways and
Means some weeks since presented a bill cov-
ering the whole system of internal revenue,
based upon two grounds: first, taking the sub-
jects of distilled spirits and tobacco in which
great frauds exist, and not only amending the
tax upon those articles, but also providing for
a new administration of the revenue system by
which that tax was to be collected. They fur-
therundertook in thatbill to readjust and redis-
tribute the whole internal revenue tax. After
spending some ten days on that bill the Com-
mittee of the Whole decided that it should be
laid aside, and ordered the Committee of Ways
and Means to report a bill to revise the tax on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and also to pro-
vide a new administrative plan for collecting
it. it appears by the Journal that some time
afterward a resolution was by unanimous con-
sent in some manner introduced and passed
instructing the committee also to report upon
banks, a subject having no more connection
with the subject which the House had seriously
determined that the Committee of Ways and
Means should report this bill upon than it
would have been to have referred to them the
subject of the tax upon manufacturers or upon
brokers or special taxes.
Now, I do not wish to impugn the motives
of any person in the matter; but I need not
say to any gentleman here that no such reso-
lution as that could have passed, had the House
known what was before it, by the unanimous
consent of the House. It was entirely foreign
to the bill which the House had determined
tliey would act upon at this session. Without
going now into the question whether or not
the taxes upon banks are such as they ought
to be or not, I submit that they are already
taxed by law, and that there is no interest in
the United States where taxes are more fairly
and honestly paid than those of the banks,
because there is no opportunity for conceal-
ment or for fraud. Every dollar of their cir-
culation is known at the Treasury Department.
Every dollar of their Government deposits is
known at the Treasury Department. And of
their individual deposits sworn statements
have to be periodically made. Every dollar
of their taxes is being collected. Nobody
pretends that any frauds are being perpetrated
under the present law. And yet under that
resolution the interests of these banks are
dragged in here to be revised in a bill the
only object of which is to break up the whisky
ring and to prevent tobacco frauds. Now,
without going into the subject of what the taxes
are or ought to be, I submit to the committee
that as an act of courtesy to the committee
having charge of these interests in this House,
and as an act of courtesy toward the banking
interests, this section should be stricken out,
and should be considered with the other great
industrial interests of the country when we
come t'o Cbn^ide'r the special taxes, tlie mana-
