2504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
*,,^47-8—Messrs. Adams, Boyer, Brooks, Chanler,
JUdridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goliaday, Grovcr,
Holman. Ilotchkiss. iiumphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Knott, McCormick, Mungeu, Nicholson,
Phelps, Robmson, Ross, Sitgreavea, Stewart, Van
Auken, and Woodward—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Axteil, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beek, Ben-
ton, lioulwell, Bcomwell, Buckland, Burr, Cary,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, (Joak, Cornell, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, lickley, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox,
(jriswold, Haight, Hawkins, Hill, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester!). Hubbard, RichardD. Hubbard, Hul-
bui'd, Jenckes, .J udd, Kelley, Ketcham. Laflin, George
V/Lawretice, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McCullough, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
fan, Morreii, Morrissey, Mullins, Niblack, Nunn,
'aine, Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall,
Robertson, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Ta.bcr, Taylor, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Van Aernam. Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Welker, William "Williams, John T.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—84.
So the House resolved to consider the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now
before the House, and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bwgham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is my
purpose to delay the House but a moment
or two in regard to this resolution. I desire
to say, however, inasmuch as questions of order
have been raised here, and intimations made
that this is an attempt to exercise power, on
the part of the House, not warranted by the
Constitution, that 1 speak for myself, and, I
believe, for every one of the managers ap-
pointed by the House, when I say that resolu-
tion is a resolution, as its words expressly
declare, for the more efficient prosecution of
the impeachment, against the President of the
United States heretofore presented by the
House made upon information communicated
to the managers that corrupt influences have
been employed to prevent the successful pros-
ecution of the impeachment by the House.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. MUNGEN. My point is this, that the
managers having been appointed to conduct
the articles of impeachment against the Presi-
dent, I hold it is improper now to introduce a
resolution for investigation into the alleged cor-
ruption of a Senator or Senators, that being a
matter for the Senate itself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon the ground that the House
of Representatives have resolved to consider
this resolution reported from the managers,
and the resolution is before the House by the
order of the House itself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman yield
to rue ?
. Mr. BINGHAM. For a question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if the committee have the consent of
the high court of impeachment to reopen the
case and offer new evidence ; and i-f they have
not the consent of that court, whether they
intend to open it up and offer evidence anew
at all events ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman ought to
understand, _if he had attended to the prose-
cution of this case in the Senate, that when
the question was asked of the managers by the
counsel for the President after the formal close
of the testimony during the trial, that on be-
half of the managers and of the House, I
notified the counsel and the Senate that the
House of Representatives, according to the
uniform practice in such cases, did not sur-
render its right at; any time before judgment
to present additional testimony. And they
have already been notified on the record of the
reservation of that right, placed there in writing,
to be presented at anytime before judgment.
And having stated this, I desire to state in
regard to the other matter which has been
raised here, that the Constitution having vested
in this House the "sole power of impeach-
ment" has clothed this body with power unto
the day of judgment to investigate all corrup-
tions by any man or any men, with a view to
prevent the decision of this case according to
the law and the evidence.
Mr. JOHNSON. That answers my ques-
tion. It has not been answered before.
A Member. To impeach Senators?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am not talking of im-
peaching Senators. But, sir, at an early day
in the history of the country nobody chal-
lenged the right to do it. The House pro-
ceeded to the bar of the Senate and demanded
the sequestration of the seat of a Senator and
it was done. This House is clothed with fall
power to do this thing and no man can chal-
lenge it here, or anywhere else, successfully.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. _ No,sir. I desire to state
that we are acting within the scope of the au-
thority conferred upon us. We have no doubt
that the House, when they undertook this im-
peachment, intended, as they solemnly de-
clared by their resolution, that all the power
with which the Constitution clothed them for
the just and legal prosecution of this impeach-
ment should be employed from time to time,
as the occasion might require. That is all that
this resolution contemplates—to prevent the
obstruction of justice—to see whether the right-
ful power of this House to prosecute impeach-
ment is attempted, wrongfully and corruptly,
to be interfered with, and controlled by any-
body, either by the President or by the Presi-
dent' s hired agents 1 Itis a power, I say again,
that no man can successfully challenge in any
tribunal of this country; a power that even
habeas corpus cannot control; a question that
has been ruled solemnly upon in the Supreme
Court forty years ago, and never questioned by
any man since. I do not say that it will turn
out that the information that has been brought
to the managers will be sustained by the facts,
but I do say that we have a right, on the show-
ing here, to an investigation.
Mr. BROOKS. What course do the man-
agers intend to pursue ?
Mr. BINGHAM. . Simply to pursue the line
indicated by this resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. Open doors or shut doors?
Mr. BINGH AM. Open doors or shut doors!
We intend to obey the order of the House?
Mr. BROOKS. Is it to be an ex parte pro-
ceeding—what is sometimes called an inquisi-
tion—or a public examination?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman need not
inquire of me any further. He seems to be in
search of knowledge under difficulties. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. BROOKS. Very great. [Langhter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Very great difficulties.
Nearly ever since he was born this thing he calls
an inquisition was practiced by that party of
which he professes to-day to be the chief leader
without challenge. ^Out of his own mouth I
condemn him. [Laughter.] Never did your
Democratic organization, when it controlled
this House, proceed with an investigation touch-
ing the privileges of the House or the rights of
the people in any other mode than we propose
to proceed with it to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that the gentleman from Ohio shall not
address this side ofthe House, buttheChair. He
is looking o verhere so savagely that he has nearly
drivenus all out of our seats. [Laughter.]
TheSPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Ohio
must address the Chair.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I should be glad,
if I have that privilege without violating the
rules ofthe House, to look at the gentleman's-
smiles. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to see the
gentleman smile once. I have not seen him
smile since he commenced this impeachment
matter. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman's point of
order is as weak as his case.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin withdraws the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, I do not. I do not
want the gentleman to look at us in that way
any more.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is what is called '' point
no point." [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have said very
nearly or quite all that, it is needful for me to
say. I will merely add that the managefs on
the part of the House, by the leave of the
House, propose to prosecute this impeachment
in good faith, in accordance with the power
conferred upon the House by the Constitution,
unto the day of judgment.
Mr. JOHNSON. And upon all the arti-
cleg y
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not answer anymore
questions. I call the previous question on the
resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman,
before he takes his seat 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has already
taken his seat.
Mr. CHANLER. I appeal to his court-
esy 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York cannot violate the rules of the House.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not wish to violate
any rule whatever.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
refused to yield farther.
Mr. CHANLER. I merely wish to ask the
Chair a question.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order
except by the consent of the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly the House can-
not object to a question relative to the matter
before it; that is not personal to any one.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to anything out of
order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table, and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of order,
I want to know if, under the rules, this is not a
dilatory motion?
The SPEAKER, fhe Chair will answer
that question by having read the last part of
the rule adopted by the House on the 25th of
February last.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And that during the pendency of resolutions in
the House relative to said impeachment thereafter
no dilatory motions shall be reeeived except one
motion on each day that the House do now adjourn."
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion that the House do now adjourn, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 22, nays 79, not voting
88 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Boyer, Chanler, Eldridge,
Getz, Goliaday, Grover, Holman, Hotehkiss, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, McCormick, Mungen, Nich-
olson, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves. Stewart,
Van Auken, and Woodward—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Butler, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Culiom, Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, liiiot, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fields,Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, liigby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, ingersoil, Julian, Kelsoy,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Latliu, William Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, Maliory, Maynard. ilc-
Clurg, Mereur, Myers, Newcoinb, O'Neill, Ortu, Per-
ham, Peters, Pile, Plants. Poisley, Price, Kaum. Saw-
yer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Xafte, Thomas, Troworidge,
Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, ldlthu B.
Waihbnrne, Henry I). Washburn, William 11, W'asti-
burn, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James jt\
Wilsou, ami Windom—79.
NOT YOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Axteil, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Baruum, Beck,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Brook.-, Broomnti, Buckland,
Burr, Cars;, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Kekley, Eggleston, Farns-
worth, Finney, Fox, Ulossbrenner, Gnswold. llaight,
Harding, Hawkins. Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ches-
ter X>. Mubbardj Richard D. llubbard, liulburd,
Jenckes, Judd.Kelley,Kerr.Knott, George V. Law-
rence, jjineoln, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McCullough, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Mor-
gan, Morrell, Morrissey, Mullins, Xiblaek, Sunn,
Paine, Phelps, Pike, Poland. Pomeroy, Randal!,
Robertson, Selye Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Taber, 'JSaylor, Johfc
lrimble. Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernaui, Robert
n Xa:n, t ru  'I'r«mp. Van Wyek, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen f.
W ilson, W oou, and Woodbridge—-88*
So the House refused to adjourn.
