446
SUPPLEMENT TO
eminent to interpret and construe the Constitu-
tion.for itself, and by it to determine the valid-
ity of >11 acts of Congress, within the scope of
the performance of their respective functions
in the. Government as to all questions not ad-
judged by the Supreme Court, has heretofore
been a generally received principle, and has
always been acted upon in the administration
of the Government. That a President was
bound to execute an unconstitutional act of
Congress without any question, until it was so
decided by the Supreme Court, and by taking
st^ps. to have it subjected to that test, commit-
ted an impeachable crime, is one of the absurd
and mischievous heresies of this day.
In relation to this matter Mr. Madison so
clearly expresses the true principles of the
Constitution that I will dismiss it with a quo-
tation from him, with the remark that the
principles which he expresses have always
been generally held by all the statesmen, courts,
and jurists of America. Madison Papers, vol-
ume four, page 394, dated in 1834, says:
"A3 the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments of the United States are coordinate, and each
equally bound to support tlio Constitution,ittollows
that each must, in the exercise of its functions, foe
guided by tho text of the Constitution according to
its own interpretation of it; and consequently that
in the event of irreconcilable interpretations the
prevalence of the ono or the other department must
depend on the nature of tho ease as receiving the
final deoision from one or tho other, and passing Irom
that decision into effect without involving the func-
tions of any other.
"But notwithstanding this abstract view of the
eoSrdmate and independent right of tho three de-
partments to expound the Constitution, tho judicial
department most familiarizes to the public attention
as the expositor, by the order of its functions in rela-
tion.to the other departments, and attracts most the
public confidence by the composition of the tribunal.
"In the judicial department, in whi«h constitu-
tionality as well as legality generally hud their ulti-
mate. discussion and operative decision; and the
public deference to and coulidenee in tho judgment
of that body are peculiarly inspired by ttib qua'ities
implied in its members and by tho gravity and de-
liberation of their proceedings, and by theadvantago
their plurality gives them over the unity of tho ex-
ecutive department, and their lirumess over tho mul-
titudinous composition ot the legislative department.
" Without losing sight, tlierelore, of the coordinate
relations of tho three departments to each other, it
may always bo expeoted that tho judicial bench,
when happily filled, will, for tho reasons suggested,
moat engage tho respect aud reliance of the public
as tho surest expositor of the Constitution, as well
m questions within its cogiuxanco coneeriiiiur the
boundaries between the several departments ut' the
Government us in those botwoen tho Union and its
members."
Mr. Chief Justice, I believe these proposi-
tions to be true:
1. The power of removal from office is an
executive power, and is vested by the Constitu-
tion in the President solely ; and, consequently,
that so much of tho act to regulate the tenure
of certain civil ollices as proposes to restrict
the President's exercise of that power, is uncon-
stitutional and void.
2. That the case of Edwin M. Stanton, Sec-
retary of War, does not come within the opera-
tion of that act, and it presented no obstruc-
tion to his removal by the President if consti-
tutional.
3. That the removal of Stanton produced a
vacancy in tho office of Secretary of the De-
partment of War, which the President was
authorized by tho laws of Congress to supply
for six months, by the designation o(i any per-
son to perform its duties for that period.
4. That there is no evidence that the Presi-
dent violated, or attempted to violate the "act
to define and punish certain conspiracies," the
act which directs " all orders and instructions
relating to military operations by the Presi-
dent or Secretary of W ar to be issued through
the General of the Army, and m case of his
inability through the next in rank," or the act
'• to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States." And, moreover, I be-
lieve the two acts last referred to were in conflict
with the Constitution and void and of no cfi'ect.
5. 1 believe the President has the same free-
dom of speech which the Constitution guaran-
tees to every American citizen; and if lie had
not, he has been guilty of no such abuse of it,
as to constitute an impeachable offense.
Upon these propositions, the truth of which
I do not doubt, I conclude that there is no
ground whatever for the impeachment of the
President, and pronounce my opinion that all
the articles be dismissed.
In conclusion, I will express condemnation
of the harsh spirit and flagrant violations of
decorum with which this case has been prose-
cuted in court; and especially of the violent
and unjustifiable denunciations and oppro-
brious epithets with which some of the Man-
agers have indulged themselves toward the
respondent. Such exhibitions certainly do not
commend proceedings by impeachment before
the Senate of the United States to the respect
and high consideration of our countrymen or
the world.
OPINION
OP
HON. JOHN SHERMAN.
This cause must be decided upon the reasons
and presumptions which by law apply to all
other criminal accusations. Justice is blind
to the official station of the respondent and to
the attitude of the accusers speaking in the
name of all the people of the United States.
It only demands of the Senate the application
to this cause of tho principles aud safeguards
provided for every human being accused of
crime. For the proper application of these
principles we ourselves are on trial before the
bar of public opinion. The novelty of this
proceeding, the historical charactcr of the trial,
and tho grave interests involved, only deepen
the obligation of the special oath wo have taken
to do impartial justice according to the Con-
stitution and laws.
And this case must bo tried upon the charges
now made by the House of Representatives.
We cannot consider other offenses. An appeal
is made to the conscience of each Senator of
guilty or not guilty by the President of eleven
specific offenses. In answering this appeal a
Senator cannot justify himself by public opinion
or by political, personal, or partisan demands,
or even grave considerations of public policy,
llis conscientious conviction ot the truth of
these charges is the only test that will justify a
verdict of guilty. God forbid that any other
should prevail here. In forming this convic-
tion we are not limited merely to the rules of
evidence, which by the experience of ages have
been found best adapted to the trial of offenses
in the double tribunal of court and jury, but
we may seek light from history, front personal
knowledge, and from all sources that will tend
to form a conscientious conviction of the truth.
And wo are not bound to technical definitions
of crimes and misdemeanors. A willful viola-
tion of the law, a gross and palpable breach of
moral obligations tending to unfit an officer for
the proper discharge of his ofliee, or to bring
the office into public contempt and derision, is,
when charged and proved, an impeachable
offense. And the nature and criminality of
the offense may depend on the official character
of tho accused. A judge would be held to
higher official purity,' and an executive officer
to a stricter observance of the letter of the law.
The President, bound as a citizen to obey the
law, and specially sworn to execute the law,
may properly in his high office as Chief Magis-
trate, be held to a stricter responsibility than
if his example was less dangerous to the public
safety. Still, to justify the conviction of the
President, there must be specific allegations of
some crime or misdemeanor involving moral
turpitude, gross misconduct, or a willful viola-
tion of law, and the proof must be such as to
satisfy the conscience of the truth of the charge.
The principal charges against the President
are that he willfully and purposely violated the
Constitution and the laws, in the order for the
removal of Mr. Stanton, and in the order for
the appointment of General Thomas as Secre-
tary of War ad interim. These two orders
were contemporaneous—part of the same trans-
action—but are distinct nets, and are made the
basis of separate articles of impeachment..
Their common purpose, however, was to
place the Department of War under the con-
trol of General Thomas without the advice and
consent of the Senate.
On these charges certain leading facts are
either admitted, or are so clearly proved that
they, may be assumed to be admired. It thus
appears that during the session of the Senate,
and without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, the President did make these orders with
the avowed purpose of gaining possession of
the Department of War. That he knew that
his power to remove Mr. Stanton was denied
and contested both by the Senate and Mr.
Stanton; that this act was committed after full
deliberation, and with the expectation that it
would be effective in expelling Mr. Stanton
from the Department of War, and that this act
of removal was in no way connected with the
power of the President to appoint or remove
a Secretary of War by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, but was the act of the
President alone, done by him under claim that
it was within his power under the Constitution
and the laws. It is, therefore, not so much a
question of intention as a question of lawful
power.
If the President has the power, during the
session of the-Senate, and without their con-
sent, to remove the Secretary of War, he is not
guilty under the first, fourth, fifth, and sixth
articles presented by the House : while, if the
exercise of such a power is in violation of the
Constitution and the laws, and was done by
him willfully, and with the intent to violate the
law, he is guilty, not only of malfeasance m
office, but of a technical crime, as charged by the
first article, and upon farther proof of the con-
spiracy alleged, is guilty, as charged by tho
fourth, fifth, and sixth articles.
The power to remove Mr. Stanton is claimed
by the President—-first, under the Constitution
of the United States; and second, under the
act of 1789 creating the Department of War.
First. Has the President, under and by vir-
tue of the Constitution, the power to remove
executive officers?
The question involved is one of the gravest
importance. It was fully discussed in the first
session of the First Congress ; and latterly lias
sbeeu so often discussed in the Senate that it is
only necessary for me to state the general
principles upon which my own judgment in this
case rests.
The power to remove officers is not expressly
conferred upon the President by the Constitu-
tion. If he possesses it it must be—1. From
his general duty to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed; or, 2. As an incident to his
appointing power; or, 3. By authority from
time to time conferred upon him by law. Is it
derived from his general executive authority?
The first section of the second article of the Con-
stitution provides that "the executive power
shall be vested in the President." Section
three of the same article provides "that he
shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted." This duty to execute the laws no more
includes the power to remove an officer than it
does to create an office. The President cannot
add a soldior to the Army, a sailor to the Navy,
or a messenger to his office, unless that power
is conferred upon him by law; yet lie cannot
execute the laws without soldiers, sailors, and
officers. His general power to execute the
laws is subordinate to his duty to execute them
with the agencics and in the mode and accord-
ing to the terms of the law. Tho law pre-
scribes the means and the limit of his duty, aud
the limitations and restrictions of the law are
as binding upon him as the mandatory parts of
the law.
The power of removal at his will is not a
necessary part of his executive authority. It
may often be wise to confer it upon him ; but,
if so, it is the law that invests him with discre-
tionary power, and it is not a part, or a neces-
sary incident, of his executive power. It may
be, and often is, conferred upon others.
That the power of removal is not incident to
the executive authority is shown by the provis-
