1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
taxes may be reduced $100,000,000 wilhcmt re-
ducing the whole revenue below $300,000,000.
h >eems to me that Congress should have
something to do with the estimates for future
expenditures, and should, as the Secretary
hopes, take measures to largely reduce ex-
penditures iu all branches of the service; but
I think it should be done for the purpose of
relieving the people from a portion of the heavy
taxation which now weighs down the industry
of the country and not for an immediate reduc-
tion of the public debt.
The only way to secure economy in the ex-
penditures is to diminish the supplies, and in
doing that the heavy burden of taxation which
is now weighing upon the people will be light-
ened. The best way to increase tile money in
circulation is to diminish the amount exacted
from the people; by taking off $50,000,000
from the taxes that much is left in the posses-
sion of the people, which they can use for
other purposes.
I now demand the previous question on the
resolution.
Mr. BAKER. I will first ask the .gentleman
a question. It arises out of the construction
of the sentence, "in the opinion of the House
the amount of revenue annually collected by
taxation should not exceed $300,000,000," and
it is resolved that "the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to report a bill so modify-
ing internal taxation as to reduce the revenue
from internal taxation to $300,000,000." I
suggest it be amended so as to read " a sum
not exceeding $300,000,000."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
that is the reading of the resolution now.
Mr. BAKER. I think not.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I accept
the modification.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I propose the following
amendment:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing all internal taxes except on the articles of
whisky and tobacco, and of readjusting the tariff on
the basis of revenue atone, and that said committee
report thereon by bill or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. If the rules be suspended
that can then be offered as an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I discover the gentleman
fro in Massachusetts instructs the Committee
of Ways and Means to reduce the internal tax-
ation to $300,000,000. Why not modify it so
as to include the tariff as well? Reduce both
■ to that sum.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My par-
ticular object is to reduce the internal taxation,
but it does not exclude the object the gentle-
man has in view. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. Would it
not be convenient for the gentleman to specify
the expenses to which it should be applied—
how much for each item?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to leave it to the Committee on Appropriations,
of which the gentleman is chairman, in whom
I have great confidence.
The rules were not suspended.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That with a view to the encouragement
of immigration and the inoro rapid settlement of the
u -c i the United States the Committee on
i ubtie lands be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diencyot preparing an abstract of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, made at
thecoinmencementof the present session of Congress,
to be printed and distributed through the consuls of
the United States in Europe to all such persons as
may apply therefor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn,
and the resolution was adopted.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Iaskunan-
imous consent to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on InvalidPensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allow-
40th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 7.
j ins nn increase of pensions to the widows of deeeasod
j[ soldiers, for children under sixteen by their former
; husbands, as long as they provide for the same.
![ Objection was made.
MARINE TORTS.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas it has recently been decided bv the Su-
preme Court of the United States that the State stat-
utes attempting to confer jurisdiction on State courts
by,proceedings strictly in rem. against vessels ot'twenty
tons or more burden, employed in commerce and
navigation between certain ports and places in dif-
| ferent States, are void; and whereas by reason of
1 the great distance between the ports of many of the
i States and tho places in which the district courts of
the United States for the respective districts are held
a large proportion of persons having claims in rights
of action against lost vessels from marine torts or
marine contracts are left without any practical or
adequateremedy: Therefore,
. Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire what legislation is necessary to
afford persons thus having claims or rights of action
against such vessels for marine torts and on marine
contracts convenient, speedy, and adequate remedies
against the same, and to report by hill or otherwise.
Mr. PILE. I object, unless the resolution
is modified so as to read " to inquire into the
expediency."
Mr. NIBLACK. It is simply " what legis-
lation is necessary;" that is all it amounts to.
Mr. PILE. I do not so understand it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will modify it so as to
read "what legislation, if any, is necessary."
Mr. PILE. I prefer the other form.
Mr. NIBLACIv. Well, I will modify it as
the gentleman suggests. '
The resolution, as modified, was adopted. 1
POSTAL CONVENTIONS.
Mr. B4NKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, '
dy„ That tho Secretary of State be authorized aud
directed to;causetho severalpostalconventions made
with foreign countries under tho provisions of the act
of March 3,18ol, or which may herealter be made, to
be published in the same manner and upon the same
terms as is prescribed for tho publication of the trea-
ties and laws of the United States.
Mr. LAFLIN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that this is in terms the
same as a joint resolution that was referred
this morning to the Committee on Printing. :
I think this should be referred to that com- j
mittee. 1
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to its
reference.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
CHANGE O^,REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, that committee was discharged
from the consideration of House bill No. 39,
j to authorize the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
[ enue to adjust the accounts of Mark Howard;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Also, from the consideration of a letter from
the Secretary of War ad interim, transmitting
a draft of a joint resolution explanatory of
certain acts relating to the armory and arsenal
at Rock Island, Illinois; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, from the consideration of a joint res-
olution and petition for the relief of John
Sedgwick, collector of revenue; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, from the consideration of supplement-
ary estimates of General U. S. Grant for mil-
itary services ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Also, from the consideration of the petition
of the mechanics of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's department in relation to twenty per
cent, additional compensation; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
CAPTURE 06' JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the distribution of
the reward offered by the President for the
jj capture of Jefferson Davis; which was read a
first and second time, aud referred to the Com-
| mittee of Claims.
!: fUlUATUCK llAKDOil.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution: which was read, con-
sidered, and agieed to:
Resolved, 'i'hfit the Committee on Commerce he
instructed to inquire nno the expediency ol improv-
ing Saugatuek harbor, at the ni.iuth ol the K.ilima-
zoo river, in the State of Michigan, and of making
an appropriation l'or that purpose, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
1'UHI.IC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That in order to carry into full ;::id com-
plete effect the spirit and policy ot the pr< empti-in
and homesteadJaws ot'the UnitedStatcs tin- .ui-ther
sale of the agricultural public lands ought to be pro-
hibited by law, and that all proposed grants of land
to aid in tiie construction ot railroads, or for other
special objects, should bo carefully scrutinized and
rigidly subordinated to the paramount purpose of
securing homes lor the landless poor, the actual set-
tlement and tillage of the public domain, and the
consequent increase of the national wealth.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to submit some
remarks on this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising on the
resolution, it goes over.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. TROW BRIDGE. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Agriculture)
be instructed to report to this House the present con-
dition of the Department of Agiieulture and what
legislation is necessary to enable him to so reorgan-
ize that Department as to place it on a footing com-
mensurate with the vast interest committed to its
charge.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman from
j Michigan will allow me to make one sugges-
' tion in regard to the resolution he has offered,
J I wish to state a fact to the House. There
is lying to-day at the Department of Public
Printing a pile of unbound volumes o f the
Agricultural Report for the yearISOfi, which
pile would weigh two hundred and ten tons,
and the covers are not yet on. It would take
a train of two hundred and ten Army wagons,
each carrying a ton_ load, to take away"that
pile of books now lying there, probably to the
imminent danger of the breaking down of the
building and the destruction of life; at least
it is so alleged.
Now, this is one of the many places where it
seems to me this Congress ought at once to
lay its hands upon the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, and 1 trust that the Commissioner of
Agriculture and the committee on that subject
will make a very thorough work of reducing
the expenses without impairing the efficiency
of this most important department of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ROSS. I object to further debate.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
not forget the enormous expenditure oil the new
building up here in the Smithsonian grounds.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The resolution was adopted.
PAY OF DEPUTY COLLECTORS AND ASSESSORS.
_Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to inform the House tho names of such
deputy collectors and assistant assessors under the
internal revenue laws as have been required by law
to discharge the duties of collectors and assessors in
tho several districts without being appointed in the
usual way; the length of time each has so discharged
said duties, and the amount of compensation received
by each while acting as assessor or collector, and tho
amount they would have been entitled to receive had
they discharged the duties of said offices by virtue of
appointments in the usual manner.
AMENDMENT OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. HOPKINS also, byunanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thattlie Committeeon InvalidPensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending tho pension laws as to embraco the c.ises of
death of all Union soldiers who died or were killed
while on furlough or absent from their commands by
authority of the proper officer or officers.
