1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
facturers' taxes, the tax on brokers, and other
subjects which are cognate to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not understand the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pomeroy] as
reflecting in any way on the Committee of
Ways and Means in this matter,
Mr. POMEROY. I stated distinctly that
the Committee of Ways and Means had no
thought of any such thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means retired with as much equanimity as
they could summon for the occasion to recon-
sider the whole matter of taxes so far as whisky
and tobacco were concerned, supposing that
their duties were confined to those two subjects
of taxation. Two days afterwards, they re-
ceived unexpectedly a resolution, which we
afterward understood passed the House by
unanimous consent, instructing them also to
consider and report upon banks in connection
with the other two subjects. That we did, and
the result is before the House. While I am
up I will simply say in regard to this section
that it is the section just as it was agreed on
in Committee of the Whole, with the single
exception of an increase in the tax on cir-
culation. The Committee of the Whole had
amended the original report of the Committee
of Ways and Means by adding three per cent,
upon Government deposits, doubling the tax
on private deposits, and strikingoffhalf of what
had been recommended on circulation. The
committee restored the tax 011 circulation, and
with that single change reported it back as it
had passed the Committee of the Whole to
take its chance again. I will only say that
■while it is for the Committee of the Whole or
for the House to determine whether or not they
will retain this provision in regard to banks,
it is my duty to call attention to the effect of
its action.
I have already explained to the House that the
laying aside of the other portions of the bill—
ot the general bill introduced by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means and confining legisla-
tion to distilled spirits and tobacco—takes
away an advantage of about seventeen million
dollars in theestimated revenue that we should
have derived from that bill. But if we include
banks, that amounts to nearly four million dol-
lars out of the $17,000,000. If this should
remain, the deficiency, comparing our present
legislation with the legislation originally pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
would be a little short of $12,000,000. If the
hanks are dropped also, the deficiency then, as
compared with that bill, will be about seventeen
million dollars. It is for Congress to determ-
ine whether they can afford this, or how far it
ought to be considered in the determination of
the question whether you will or will notstrike
out those sections in relation to banks. I re-
peat that this section was put in here simply by
order of the House. I am asked what is the
difference between the present tax on banks
and the estimated tax to be derived should this
section be retained in this bill. I have already
stated that the increased revenue to be so de-
rived will be nearly four million dollars. That
is, taking the tax upon deposits of public
moneys, the increased tax upon private depos-
its, and the increased tax on circulation would
make the increased amount to be derived from
banks about four million dollars. And there
is this further provision to be borne in mind:
we include in the internal revenue system the
national bunks as well as the State batiks.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend this sec-
tion pro forma by striking out the last word.
There is no member of this House who has a
more sincere respect for the opinion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schenck] than I have, or who listens to
what reasons he has to assign for his measures
with more desire to understand them. But I
want to suggest to him that the reason he has
last assigned for this tax upon banks is falla-
cious and must be unsatisfactory.
Now, it may be true that the action of this
House has rendered necessary some other
sources of revenue than those that are embraced
in the tax on whisky and tobacco. But I ask
the gentleman if that is a sound reason for lay-
ing violent hands upon the banking system,
and doing that which is equivalent to striking
it out of existence ? I am therefore somewhat
astonished that the gentleman should allude to
that action of the House as a reason for this
provision in regard to banks, or even as an
apology for its introduction.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make no apology for
the introduction of this provision. We were
ordered to introduce it, and we should not
have introduced it without the order of the
House.
Mr. DELA NO. I know that the Committee
of Ways and Means were instructed by an
order of the House to tax banks. The com-
mittee, however, was not instructed to tax
them unreasonably. The resolution relating
to that subject was introduced under circum-
stances alluded to by the honorable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Pomeroy;] it was
extorted or obtained from the House without
the consent of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to correct
the gentleman. That resolution was adopted
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. DELANO. I am speaking of things as
they are in fact, not as they are in mere name.
I mean the substance of things hoped for; and I
allude to the evidence of some things not seen.
As I understand it, this section provides a
tax of one per cent, upon private deposits, a
tax of three per cent, on public deposits, a
tax of one per cent, upon capital, and a tax
of two per cent, upon circulation ; the total
amount being seven per cent., and amounting
to one hundred per cent, more than the pres-
ent tax. Now, no one who will examine this
section will fail to see that the animus of it
is the destruction of the banking system. If
that is the purpose of the House and country,
then, gentlemen, lay your hands on the sys-
tem and destroy it. What you will have after-
ward it is not for me to predict, for I am not
authorized or empowered to prophecy upon
this subject. But that is the purpose of the
bill. I know it is very popular to attack banks.
It is always, therefore, a pleasant recreation for
politicians who are seeking notoriety. I know
also, what 1 desire to say here and have go
before the country, that at the present moment
the banks pay better for the revenues of the
country than capital in any other form. Your
banks now pay in the form of taxation, local
and national, $18,338,430 per annum. The
entire interest on the amount of bonds which
are deposited as security for the circulation of
these banks amounts only to abouteighteen mil-
lion dollars. It thus appears that the banks
pay a larger sum for taxes than the total
amount of interest on all the bonds which they
hold as the basis of their circulation. In the
State of Ohio the tax upon banks, State and
national, upon the average throughout the State,
for it varies in different parts of the State,
amounts to about six and a half per cent.
In the county in which I live it amounts to
over six per cent, upon the amount of capital
invested in your banks. The banks are there-
fore at the present day, in the way of con-
tributing to the revenues of the country, the
very best property you have. For example,
in the State of Ohio—and I presume the case
is the same elsewhere—the amount of bonds
deposited with the National Government as a
security for the circulation becomes a capital
for taxation, which is not the ease with bonds
in the hands of private individuals. Every
dollar which you call out and put into your
banks in this way makes a source of local tax-
ation and of support to the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, if I am
not mistaken, on the day on which the original
tax bill reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means was recommitted, this section on
banks had already been acted upon and
adopted by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PRICE. As it is now?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Nearly as it is now.
Mr. PRICE. Not at all. Where is the
provision in regard of taxation of Government
deposits?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The three per cent, tax
on Government deposits had been adopted.
Mr. PRICE. That is not in this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is in this bill. This
section, as now reported, is very nearly in the
same form as the section agreed to by the
Committee of the Whole when the original
bill was under consideration. The bill was
recommitted, gentlemen voting for that motion
from various motives. Some undoubtedly
supported the motion with the intent to de-
feat any legislation on the subject. Those
largely interested in manufactures, that inter-
est having been relieved from the five per
cent., did not wish any new tax bill; they
were satisfied with existing legislation. Those
who desired that the tax on whisky should
remain at two dollars did not want any tax
bill which would reduce that tax. Those who
did not want to have the bank interest dis-
turbed had no reason to desire any modifica-
tion of the revenue system. So, acting from
various motives, a majority of the House de-
cided to recommit the bill, providing, however,
that a revision of the system of taxation of
whisky and tobacco should be embraced in a
new bill and reported to the House at some
subsequent day.
Within two daysaftertheaction of the House
to which I have referred, I presented, during
the morning hour, a resolution giving the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means authority to embrace
in the bill to be reported the subject of the
taxation of banks. This resolution was read
at the Clerk's desk in the hearing of the
House. It was read a second time, in conse-
quence of a suggestion that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] had had a similar
resolution referred at some prior time during
the morning hour. That was discovered to be
a mistake ; and my resolution having been
twice read, and objections asked for, no mem-
ber objecting, the resolution was adopted unan-
imously. Owing to the circumstances I have
stated, the resolution received more attention
from the House than any resolution—causing
no debate—which has been adopted during the
present session.
In pursuance of that resolution the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means took jurisdiction
of the subject, and they have reported these
sections with the view of increasing the reve-
nues of the Government from the national
banks. The question is whether these banks,
which can well afford to pay this additional tax,
shall contribute four or five million dollars more
to the revenues, relieving to that extent the
various industries of the country, or whether
we shall legislate in the interest of what is now
a monopoly, an absolute monopoly, an aristo-
cratic monopoly, that is making more money
on its capital, invested on safer and more
reliable and remunerative employment than is
realized by any like amount of capital in the
United States. I say without fear of contradic-
tion that there is no $300,000,000 invested in
any other business in the country with the same
security and certainty that it will return a round
sum to the investor as this banking capital.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, I think it does not matter very
much from what quarter the resolution referred
to emanated ; but I am surprised that it came
from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgef,-
soi.i,.] He has been appealing to this House
to modify the taxation on a great interest which
he represents, which modification I admit to
be beneficial to the country as well as that par-
ticular interest; jet at the same time he turns
round and attempts to impose an increased
burden on another interest which is now paying
fairly and squarely every dollar of taxation
imposed on it. That at least is not fair play
on the part of the gentleman from Illinois.^
Mr. Chairman, one word on the subject
of this*bank tax. It is proposed to increase
