98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. NEWCOMB, leave of
absence for an indefinite time was granted to
Mr. Gravely on account of sickness.
SUPPLY OF ARMS TO LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas on the second page of the pamphlet en-
titled "Reportof the Second Auditor of theTreasury,
December «, 1807," thero appears an item of expend-
iture of several hundred dollars on account of "sup-
plying arms and munitions of war to loyal citizens in
revolted States:" Therefore,
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives of the
United States, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to report forthwith to this House the facts
connected with this expenditure; who such loyal
citizens were; the evidenced'their loyalty; whether
they were white or colored; and tjje name of the
State or States which were in revolt when such ex- .
penditure was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object. j
LEAKAGE INDICATOR.
Mr. LOGAN", by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the propriety and expe-
diency of requiring all American steam and sail ves-
sels to provide themselves with some alarm gauge
or indicator of leakage or water in the hold of said
vessel during any trip made with passengers on
board.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
three o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of J. M.
Hogan, for relief for losses on the plains from
Indian depredations.
I!y Mr. BliOOMALL: The petition of
Charles B. Tanner, late first lieutenant of United
States volunteers, asking payment for military
services rendered after the date of his com-
mission and before its reception by him.
By Mr. BUCIvLAND: The petition of
Henry K. Hulburt, private seventy-second
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, for relief.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The report of the
commissions (appointed by the Governor of
the State of Ohio) on the claims caused by the
raid of John Morgan through said State.
By Mr. FAUNS WORTH: The memorial of
Moses B. Bliss, for the adoption of his system
of measures, weights, and coins.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of trus-
tees of the Southern College, Bowling Green,
Kentucky, for relief.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of New England manufacturers of
cheroots and short sixes to reduce the internal
tax on cheap cigars.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
memorial of Isaac D. Winters, William H.
lliggs, and others, asking the passage of a joint
resolution explanatory of the thirteenth section
of the act of July 28, 1806.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of manufac-
turers, throwsters, dyers, and others, interested
in the silk trade at Paterson, New Jersey, ask-
ing the repeal of the five percent, tax levied on
their industry by the revenue law and suggest-
ing the resort to tax on sales to be collected by
stamps.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition and addi-
tional papers in the case of Herman J. Ehle, of
Canajoharie, Neiv York, heretofore referred.
By Mr. PERHAM: The memorial of Mrs.
Susan Ten Eyck Williamson, for pension.
By Mr. PHELPS: The memorial of Jacob
Brandt, jr., of Baltimore, Maryland, president
of Powhatan Steamboat Company, for payment
of balance due for the loss and hire of their
steamboat Pocahontas, impressed into the mili-
tary service of the United States.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of David B.
Champion, late private of company A one hun-
dred and eighty-fifth regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, for back pension.
Also, the petition of Mary E. Stone, widow
of Richard F. Stone, deceased, formerly cor-
poral of company F fourth regiment New Jer-
sey volunteers, afterward clerk in the ordnance
department, who was killed by the explosion
of an ordnance boat, for pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Abner
Johnson, as father of James Johnson, praying
for a pension. t
Also, the petition of D. McCarthy, of Ohio,
praying that brandy distilled from rhubarb
may be put on the same footing of exemption
as brandy distilled from grapes within the
United States.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Adam Carrell, of Gallipolis, Ohio, asking for
a pension on account of disability incurred in
the secret service of the United States during ,
the rebellion. !
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 10, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 6th instant,
information in relation to the appointment of
I Edmund Cooper as acting Assistant Secretary
I of the Treasury; which was referred to the
j Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
\ PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
- Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York on the subject of a return to specie pay-
ments. The memorial is accompanied by a
carefully compiled statement exhibiting the
lowest and highest premium on gold compared
with the lowest and highest prices of several
of the leading United States stocks for each
month in the years 1864, 1865, 1866, and up
to November 20, 1867. As these tables are
of considerable value, I move that the memo-
rial be printed and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print will go to the Committee on Printing
under the rule, and the memorial will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 19) directing that certain
moneys now in the hands of the United States
Treasurer, as special agent for the Treasury
Department, be covered by warrant into the
United States Treasury, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred the resolution of
the 25th ultimo for the payment of the salaries
now due the clerks of committees and special
messengers and pages retained during the
recess, reported it without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 141)
for the further security of equal rights in the
District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred with the Senate in the reap-
pointment of the joint committee to examine
accounts for repairs to the Executive Mansion,
and appointed Mr. R. P. Spalding of Ohio,
Mr. F. C. Beaman of Michigan, and Mr. A. J.
Glossbrenner of Pennsylvania, the committee
on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the appointment of a
joint committee to revise and fix the pay of
the officers of the two Houses, and had ap-
pointed Mr. F. E. Woodbridse of Vermont,
Mr. E. R. Eckley of Ohio, and Mr. H. McCul-
lough of Maryland, the committee on its part.
POST OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
report of the Postmaster General be printed for the
use of the Post Office Department.
There are not sufficient for circulation
among the various post offices of the country,
as now allowed by law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will go to the Committee on Printing
under the rules.
MILEAGE OF SENATOR RIDDLE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer a resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
instructed to pay to Mrs. Margaret Kiddle, widow
of the late lion. George Reed Riddle, lato Senator
from the State of Delaware, the mileage to which the
Senator would have been entitled at the commence-
ment of the present session of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for its present consideration ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. It must go to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control our Contingent Ex-
penses, under the rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will go
to that committee under the rule.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD AND BRANCHES.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
liesolved. That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to furnish to the Senato a statement setting
forth—
J'lrst. The amount of United States bonds issued
to the Union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches, including the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, under the act of 18G12 and the amendments
thereto, the dates at which the same were issued, the
company to which they were delivered, and the sec-
tions of road in respect to which they were granted.
Second. The account between theUnitedStates and
said company and each of the said branches, includ-
ing thg Central Pacific Company, setting lorth the
amount of interest paid by the United States on such
bonds and the amount of interest repaid to the United
States by said company and each of said branches,
including the Central Pacific Company, and'the modo
of repayment, whether incash or the transmission of
dispatches and transportation of the mail and sup-
plies, as provided by the charter.
Third. The length of the line on each road already
completed and accepted, designating the locality.
AMERICAN AND liRITISU CLAIMS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution, which
is in the nature of a supplement to a resolu-
tion adopted by the Senate a few days ago on
my motion, and I ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved, That in answering the resolution of the
Senate of the 4th instant, calling for corrcspondeneo
relative to claims against Great Britain, the Presi-
dent of the United States be requested, if compatible
with the public interest, to furnish a copy of all the
correspondence and other papers, not hitherto pub-
lished in this country, touching the recognition of
belligerent rights by that Power at the beginning of
the late rebellion, and also touching the depreda-
tions on the commerce of the United States by the
Alabama and other vessels, built, armed, equipped,
and manned in Great Britain; and that, if conve-
nient, ho c.iuse the Secretary of State to prepare an
index to all correspondence and documents on theso
subjects.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 73) for the relief of the
Columbia Turnpike Company, for use and
occupation of their road during the late rebel-
lion ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 177) regulating the rights of property of
married women in the District of Columbia:
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 178) to remove the disability of
certain citizens of Alabama; which was read
