448
SUPPLEMENT TO
,The second section of the act of 1789 pro-
vides—
' *4That there shall be in the said Department an
inferior ojlicer, to bo appointed by the said principal
of&cer, to be employed therein as he shall deem
proper, and to' bo" called the chief clerk in the De-
partment of War, and who, whenever the said prin-
cipal officer shall be removed from office by the
President of the United States, or in any other case
of vacancy, shall, during such vacancy, have the
charge arid custody of ail records, books, and papers
appertaining to the said Department."
This was copied from the act organizing the
Department of Foreign Affairs, which was the
subject of the debate so often quoted in this
eaase. Whatever differences of opinion existed
as to the constitutional power of the removal
by the President, no one questioned the pur-
pose of this act to declare and alfirm the right
of the President to remove the Secretary of
War.- Some who denied the constitutional
power were willing to confer it by law as to
heads of Departments, and the first draft of
the bill expressly conferred the power of re-
moval on the President. This was changed so
as to declare the power to exist and to provide
for the vacancy caused by its exercise. This
act stands unaltered and unrepealed, unless it
is modified by the tenure-of-oiiiee act. Under
it the power of removal by the President of a
Gabinet ofiicer has been conceded by each
branch of the Government during every Admin-
istration—though disputes have existed as to
the origin of the power—some deriving it from
the Constitution and others from the plain in-
tent of the act of 1789. The power to remove
Cabinet officers since the passage of that act
was repeatedly recognized by' all who took
part in the debate in the Senate on the tenure-
ofollico bill—the only question being as to the
propriety of continuing the powef. 1 do not
understand the managers to question the cor-
rectness of this construction, but they claim—
1; That the power of removal was limited to
during the recess of the Senate and did not
exist during the session of the Senate; and
2. That tho power to remove Mr. Stanton
was taken from the President by the tenure-of-
oliiee act.
Does the act of 1780 mako a distinction
between removals during the session and dur-
ing the recess of tho Senate? Upon this point,
at the opening of this trial, I had impressions
founded upon a distinction that 1 think ought
to have been made in the law; but a lull
examination of the several acts cited, and the
debates upon them, show that in fact no such
distinction was made. If such had been the
intention of the Cramers of the act of ITS'.),
instead of stating the unlimited power of re-
moval, they would have provided for a removal
or vacancy " during the recess of the Senate."
The debates show that no such distinction was
claimed, and that the majority held that (lie
unlimited power of removal was with the Presi-
dent by virtue of the Constitution.
The subsequent acts of 17H2 and 17U5, in
providing for vacancies, made no distinction
between vacancies during the session and dur-
ing the recess, and in the numerous acts cited
by counsel, providing for the creation and
tenure of offices, passed prior to March 2,
18(17, no distinction is made between a re-
moval during the session and during the
recess. Tho practice has corresponded with
this construction. In two cases the power to
remove heads of Departments has been ex-
ercised; the one by John Adams, in the
removal of Timothy Pickering; the other
by Andrew Jackson, in the removal of Mr.
Duane. The first case occurred during the
session and the latter during the recess. Iti
compliance with this construction, the com-
missions of heads of Departments declare their
tenure to be during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, and the commisson under which Mr.
Stanton now holds the Department of War
limits his tenure '"during the pleasure of the
President ot the United Slates for the time
being.''1 This form of commission, used with-
out question for seventy years through memor-
able political contests, is entirely inconsistent
with a construction of the act of 1789 limiting
the power of removal to the recess of the
Senate.
The distinction made by the Managers be-
tween removals during the session ana during
the recess is derived from the distinction made
by the Constitution between appointments made
during the session and during the recess ; but
this claim is inconsistent with the foundation
upon which the tenure-of-offiee act rests.- If
removals are governed by the constitutional
rule as to appointments, then the President
may remove at pleasure during the recess,' for
he may then appoint temporarily without the
consent of the Senate, and Congress may not
limit this constitutional power. But Congress
has wisely, as I have shown, rejected this
claim. It has repeatedly dissevered removals
from appointments, and has treated the power
of removal not as a constitutional power, but
as one to be regulated by law in the creation,
tenure, pay, and regulation of offices and offi-
cers ; and therefore, in ascertaining whether
the law makes a distinction between a removal
during the session and during the recess, we
must ascertain the intention of the law as
gathered from its language, history, and con-
struction, and from these we can derive no
trace of such a distinction. Nor can this dis-
tinction be derived from the rarity of removals
of Cabinet officers during the session of the
Senate, for the argument applies as well to
removals during the recess. Removals of
heads of Departments are rare indeed; for
when the tenure-ol-oflice bill was pending it
was not considered possible that a case would
occur where a head of a Department would
decline to resign when requested to by his
chief.
The multitude of Cabinet ministers who have
held office recognized this duty with but two
exceptions. 1 do not question tho patriotism
of Mr. Stanton in declining to resign during
the recess ; but cases of that kind must be of
rare occurrence and dangerous example. It
was held by us all that the public safety and the
public service demands unity, efficiency, and
harmony between the heads of Departments
and the President. To legislate against this,
and yet hold the President responsible for thcir
acts, would be unexampled in our history, and
therefore tho law always gave the President the
power to remove at his pleasure those and most
other executive officers until we were com-
pelled by the evil example of a bad President
to limit this power. [ therefore conclude
that, prior to the 2d of March, 1807, the law
invested the President with the power at his
pleasure U/rcmove Mr. Stanton both during
the session and during the recess, and the ques-
tion remains whether by the tenure-of-oiiiee act
that power was taken away from him.
To determine the proper construction of this
act we must examine its history and the par-
ticular evil it was intended to remedy, it was
introduced on the 3d day of December, 18GG,
being the first day of the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. The President having
formally abandoned the political party that
elected him, undertook, by general removals,
to coerce the officers of the Government to sup-
port his policy. The revenue service especially
was deranged, and widespread demoralization
threatened that branch of the public service.
At that time nearly all civil officers of the
Government held at the pleasure of the Pres-
ident ; some by the express provision of law ;
others under this general practice of tho Gov-
ernment.
The President, for political reasons, during
the then last recess, created vacancies by re-
moval, and filled them by temporary appoint-
ments. It was to check this evil that Con-
gress undertook to regulate tho tenure of civil
offices, and to protect officers in the discharge
of their duties. The bill originated in tbe
Senate, and, as introduced, excepted from its
operation the heads of Departments. The bill
was referred to a committee, and, as reported,
the first section was as follows :
"That every person (excepting the Secretaries of
I State, ol' the Treasury, of War, of tho Navy, of tho
Interior, the Postmaster General, and the Attorney
General) holding any civil office to which ho has been
appointed by andwiththe advice and consent, of the
Senate, and every person who shall hereafter be ap-
pointed to any such office,'and shall become duly
qualified to act therein, is, and shall be, entitled to
hold such office until a successor shall have been in
like manner appointed and duly qualified, except as
herein otherwise provided."
On the 10th of January, 1807, a motion was
made to strike out the exception of the heads
of Departments, and was discussed at length.
The exception did not rest upon any want of
power in Congress to extend tho operation of
the bill to the heads of Departments, but upon
the necessity of giving the President control
over these officers in order to secure unity and
efficiency in his executive authority. Nearly
all the duties of heads of Departments are by
law required to be performed "as the Presi-
dent of the United States shall from time to
time direct." They are rarely prescribed by
law. This is especially so as to the Secretary
of War, who issues all orders "by command
of the President," and by virtue of his office
is invested by law with less power than an ac-
counting officer. His duty prescribed by the
Constitution is to give his opinion in writing
when called for by the President. His pre-
scribed legal duty is to make requisitions upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for the service
of the Army. All his other duties rest upon
the discretion, order, and command of the
President. As the President is responsible
for the acts of heads of Departments, as they
exercise a part of his executive authority, as
their duties are not defined by law, as is the
case with most civil officers, it was deemed
unwise to take from the presidential office the
power to remove such heads of Departments
as did not possess his confidence. After de-
bate the motion to strikeout the exception was
lost without a division. At a subsequent stage
of the bill the motion was renewed and was
lost by the decisive vote of 13 yeas and 27 nays,
and tho bill was then passed.
In the House of Representatives the motion
to strike out the exception was made and lost,
but was subsequently reconsidered, and the
motion was carried, and with this amendment
the bill passed the House.
The question again came before the Senate
upon a. motion to concur with the House in
striking out the exception of the heads of De-
partments, and was fully debated, and again
the Senate refused to concur with this amend-
ment by a vote of 17 yeas to 28 nays. In this
condition the disagreement between the two
Houses came before a committee of confer-
ence, where it was the bounden duty of the
conferees to maintain as far as possible the
view takeu by their respective Houses. The
usual course in such a case, where the dis-
agreement does not extend to the whole of the
bill, or to the principle upon which it is found-
ed, is to report an agreement upon so much as
has been concurred in by both Houses, thus
limiting the change in existing law to those
provisions which meet the concurrence of both
Houses: therefore, the Senate conferees might
properly have declined to extend tho change
of tho law beyond the vote of the Senate, and
certainly would not have been justified in
agreeing to a proposition thrice defeated by
the vote of the Senate. The difference between
the two Houses was confined to the sole ques-
tion whether that bill should regulate the ten-
ur£ of office of the heads of Departments. The
Senate left them subject to removal at the
pleasure of the President. The House secured
their tenure subject to removal only at tho
pleasure of the Senate. After a long confer-
ence, the act as it now stands was reported.
The first section is as follows :
" That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to such ofliee, and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to bold such office until a successor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided: Provided, That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of
tho Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster U-cn-
cral, and tho Attorney General, shall hold their offices
