1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507
bill; it was before the Judiciary Committee of
the House, and I supposed, as a matter of
course, it wouldgo to the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate. The report of the Judiciary
Committee of the House is a review of the
action of the Supreme Court, and, as I under-
stand, Mr. McGarrahan complains principally
of the action of that tribunal and comes to Con-
gress for relief, saying that great injustice has
been done to him in that court. For that rea-
son the House of Representatives referred the
matter to the Judiciary Committee of that body,
and it seemed to me that it should have the
same reference in the Senate, and I had no
other desire but to have it reviewed here by the
proper committee. What the party complains
of is a want of fair dealing in the Supreme
Court.
Now, I do not wish to interfere with Califor-
nia matters, but I think this a public question,
one with regard to the public lands.
Mr. CONN ESS. The Senator will, perhaps,
allow me to make a correction of one of his
statements. What this Mr. McGarrahan com-
plains of is not the decision of the Supreme
Court, but it is that his case went to the Su-
preme Court 011 technical questions not involv-
ing the merits, and that he was deprived of his
rights in the court below. That is the real
statement which he makes.
Mr. STEWART. All that matter as to how-
it got to the Supreme Court is reviewed by the
Supreme Court. Mr. McGarrahan—and that
is the very matter that is to go before the Judi-
ciary Committee— attempted to rely upon a
technicality as against the merits, and the Su-
preme Court say his ease had no merits. This
billisareviewof the action of the Supreme Court
with regard to this matter, and allows Mr. Mc-
Garrahan to buyout a mining district at $1 25
per acre. There are large mining interests in-
volved in this matter. The land which he claims
is not a piece of agricultural land, but he de-
sires to buy at $1 25.an acre a mining district.
It is not like other relief that has been had. If
that is to be allowed to be done, the conse-
quences will be very important. It seems to
me that as it involves a complete review of
the action of the Supreme Court, and if that
court were right he had no claim, and he ought
not. to have any relief, it would certainly be
proper to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary for examination.
Mr. IiOWE. Who were the parties to the
litigation in the Supreme Court?
Mr. STEWART. Mr. McGarrahan and the
Government of the United States. He claimed
under a Mexican grant.
Mr. HOWE. And if the petitioner does not
own the land the United States does?
Mr. CONNESS. No ; that is not the case.
Mr. STEWART. If the petitioner does not
own the land the United States has got the
fee ; but it is settled upon by miners who claim
under the laws of Congress legalizing their
possession. Portions of the land are claimed
in that way, preempted, as it were, under the
mining rules, and other portions are public
land. The controversy in the Supreme Court
was between Mr. McGarrahan and the United
, States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I know
nothing about this case; never heard of it until
it was mentioned in the Senate, and therefore
I do not care to what committee it goes, except
that I happen to be upon the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I would say to the Senator from
Nevada that the fact that this bill went to the
Committee on the Judiciary of the House does
not seem to be a reason why it should go to
that committee here. Our committees are
organized somewhat differently from the House
committees, and we have a committee on pur-
pose to look up private land claims. It is
called the Committee on Private Land Claims.
I understand from the Senator from California
that this is precisely that case—a private land
claim about which there is some controversy,
which I do not propose to go into and do not
understand enough of to go into. If this bill
does not got® the Committee on Private Land
Claims, I should like to know what bill should i
go there? It seems to me that that committee j
is organized for the consideration of just such i
a bill.
Mr. CONNESS. And it has good lawyers
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lawyers are always put
upon it, and those who are supposed to be
somewhat familiar with the private land grants
in different parts of the country. It has always
been a very able committee ever since I have
been a member of the body; and it really seems
to me that that is the appropriate committee
to which to refer this bill. I think all bills
should go to their appropriate committees.
That is the only suggestion I have to make
about it. It strikes me, as this is clearly a
private land claim, that that is the appropriate
committee to which it should be referred.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. If the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary thinks
it does not legitimately belong to that com-
mittee, I will let it go to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims; but inasmuch as it has been
stated that I was opposed to the bill, I wish to
say that I beJieve there is no foundation what-
ever for it. I want to reiterate that 5 I do not
think there is any foundation for it; and the
Senator from California was right in stating
my position with regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt in the
world that whatever opinions my friend from
Nevada entertains on the subject are honestly
and fairly entertained ; and I will now say, to
conclude, that the parties in interest against
Mr. McGarrahan in this ease are mostly my
personal friends, and that my only desire in
the case is that it shall have a full and thorough
investigation, because I will not stand here to
do more than justice even to my friends.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the I
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; that is withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
WHITEHALL AND I'LATTSBUKG RAU.KOAD.
Mr. WILSON. T am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 10G2)
to grant the right of way to the Whitehall and
Plattsburg Railroad Company, to report it
back without amendment, and I ask that it be
put upon its passage. It has the approval of
the War Department.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Whitehall and
Plattsburg Railroad Company to locate, con-
struct, and operate its railroad across the land
belonging to the United States at Plattsburg,
in the State of New York, upon a line com-
mencing in the highway leading from Platts-
burg to Peru, at a point one hundred feet north
from the north line of the inclosure surround-
ing the Government buildings, running thence
in a northeasterly direction about sixteen hun-
dred feet to the bank of Lake Champlain,
thence northwardly along the bank of the
lake to the north line of the land belonging to
the United States, such line of road being des-
ignated on a map of survey made by James
P. Campbell, and now on file in the office of
Secretary of War; but the right of way herein
granted is to be subject to such restrictions as
the Secretary of War may think necessary to
protect the interests of the United States ; and
no more than four rods in width of the Gov-
ernment land is to be occupied under these
provisions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IS WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. i
to add. t
It. No. 91) concerning certain lands granted
i to railroad companies in the States of Michigan
and Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to. -
The amendment of the House? wS
the amendment of the Senate the
proviso:
And provided further. That if the said Ma&uette
and Ontonagon Railroad Company, in the BtSte of
Michigan, shall not have completed according to law
ten additional miles of thoir railroad on. or before
the 1st day of January, I860, and shall not in like
manner complete ten miles of said railroad in each
and every year thereafter, then it shall be lawful for
the Legislature of the said State of Michigan to de-
clare the grant of lands to said company to be for-
feited and to confer the said grant of lands upon
some other company in the same manner as if the
said grant was nowfortho first time made to said
State of Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that, the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a peculiarity in that
amendment, so that they will vote upon it un-
derstandingly. In 185G Congress made sundry
grants of land for the benefit of specific rail-
roads in the States of Wisconsin and Michigan.
Some of those grants were takeit up and the
roads have gone on. This particular gra Afor
a road from Marquette to Ontonagon,-in the
northern part of Michigan, has not been taken
up and the road built in compliance with the
act of Congress. That act of Congress pro-
vided that in case of non-compliance with the
terms of the grant the lands should revert to the
United States, to be granted again, of course,
with its other public lands to such purposes as
Congress in its wisdom should think advisable.
We passed a House joint resolution with a
Senate amendment a month or two ago, which
provided for reviving these grants in favor of
the very same railroads to which they were
given before; that is, extending the time for
completing the roads. Now, the House of
Representatives send that resolution back to
us with a provision that, if this particular rail-
road, the Marquette and Ontonagon line, fails
to build its road within a certain new specified
time, the lands, instead of reverting to us, the
whole people, shall belong to the State of
Michigan, to be dispensed out to whatever rail-
roads it may think advisable, the same as if we
had now granted these lands for the first time
to the State of Michigan.
I object to that altogether. If we make con-
ditional grants for the construction of specific
lines of railroad the lands ought, in the first
place, to be devoted to the construction of
those specific lines for the local and public ben-
efit both of the parties who reside along the
line and for the general benefit of the people,
and we ought not to confide, in such a case of
failure, these lands to any State, to be given to
other corporations, which may, for aught we
know, be located in other parts of the State,
and whose interest may not subserve the gen-
eral interest that we all have in view ; but we
ought to hold, as we always hitherto have held,
the right, if these grants are not complied with,
the conditions upon which they are given are
not fulfilled, to have the control and disposition
of the lands remain in ourselves; and there-
fore it is that I object, for one, to agreeing to
this amendment ef the House of Representa-
tives as it stands. I do not object to the par-
ticular extensions of time that are provided for
this railroad, because that is a mere matter of
detail; but the principle of giving up these
lands to the control of the State of Michigan,
if this particular railroad company fails to
comply with those terms, is a principle that I
decidedly object to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish I could touch the gen-
erosity of my friend from Vermont '
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. You can touch it through
his justice.
Mr. HOWE. But if I fail on that I hope to
get the justice of the Senate. This grant was
made to the State of Michigan to build a cer-
tain road within the time mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Vermont. The State of Michigan
