100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
party had undertaken to govern this country
by the negro vote. I have heard this before.
I have heard it from the stump. 1 have heard
this effort for the last year to frighten the Amer-
ican people and to make them believe thatthey
would be governed by the negroes; that if the
negroes voted at all they would govern this
entire country. I suppose that in the United
States there is one person in ten that is of
African descent, rather a small minority to
control this great Government! I do not sup-
pose that anybody in his senses has really any
sincere alarm about negro government. I
think stating the issue in that form manifests a
very strong desire to avoid the real issue. The
real issue before the country, the real issue that
will be before the country next fall, is whether
this country shall be governed by loyal men,
by its friends, by those who stood by it in the
hour of its peril, or whether it shall be turned
over to traitors and its enemies, that they may
go on with the work of destruction ; that they
may visit punishment upon the friends of the
Government. That is the real issue, and yet
we hear from every source that the issue is to
be whether one tenth of the American people
being colored shall tyrannize over nine tenths !
It is said that a great sin has been commit-
ted by the Union party in conferring the fran-
chise upon the negro. I have nothing to say
of the justice or humanity of the law ; but
how was it brought about? Who brought it
about? W ho forced the necessity upon Con-
gress and upon the Union party? I believe
that every Union man had settled this propo-
sition in his mind, and I believe that every
man who loves his country still adheres to the
proposition, that it is unsafe to place the power
of this Government in rebel hands while they
are still unrepentant. I believe that is the
voice of the American people, and I believe
that we were instructed by the overwhelming
votes that we received from time to time that
we must accomplish that end. There is no
doubt about that. All say that; but some
now get, up strange definitions of loyalty. All
that is necessary to see what the issue "is and
to clear it of all embarrassments is to reflect
for one moment upon the history of the trans-
action.
Ln the first place, Congress found organiza-
tions in existence in the South that were in
s rebel hands, that were persecuting loyal men,
that were obstructing the process of law. In
fact, there were no loyal governments in the
South. How did we commence? We com-
menced by attempting to relieve the difficulty
without ntgw suffrage. We passed the civil
rights bill. The President vetoed it. It was
opposed in the South; it was declared uncon-
stitutional by the judges in the South ; it was
not executed. Civil rights were denied to the
negroes, which all the Democrats now say they
ought to have. They say they will give them
civil rights. Why did they not give them civil
rights under the civil rights bill and execute
that law? _ The President had vetoed it and
the reasoning of his veto message was followed
by those who had charge of the execution of
the law.
We then passed a Freedmen's Bureau bill.
That was inoperative except in the immediate
presence of the military commanders. The
objection made to these measures was that
they were unconstitutional. All admitted the
justice of the civil rights bill, but it was op-
posed on technical grounds. Congress then
sought to remedy that difficulty, and how? By
proposing a constitutional amendment which
denied the power of the State organizations to
deprive any citizen of his civil rights, with
other provisions. This was submitted to the
States; and this was rejected by the rebels;
rejected by the Johnson party; rejected by the
Democrats. They said they would not give
our loyal black men in the South civil rights,
that they would not have them protected ;°tl.at
they would not give them the aid of the ma-
chinery of the Government; that they would
"ot allow loyal men to be protected in the 1
oonth. In other words, they repudiated every I
' proposition for constitutionally guarantying
to each citizen of the United States his civil
rights. What was to be done next? There
were in the South a large mass of people,
black and white, who were loyal to this Gov-
ernment, who were oppressed by this unjust
refusal on the part of the Democratic party
and those operating with them, who were
denied their civil rights, to whom there was
no protection 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair at this hour to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I shall be through in two
or three minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent the Senator may proceed. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. STEWART. I say it then became
necessary either to provide loyal governments
or surrender the southern country to the hands
of rebels and rebel sympathizers, leaving loyal
men unprotected by any law—leaving them to
; the generosity of the rebels who had been exas-
perated against the negro and against the
; southern loyalist by our action in suppressing
the rebellion and liberating slaves. Were we
to turn our friends—those who had been true to
the Union—over to the tender mercies of those
who had made war upon the Union; to turn
them over to the tender mercies of their exas-
perated enemies who refused to sanction any
' law whereby they were to be protected in their
I civil rights ? What was done then? Congress
passed reconstruction acts, whereby they con-
ferred the light of suffrage, not upon the blacks
{ilone, but upon the whites, excluding a very
small class, whereby they placed in the hands
of the oppressed and the persecuted the power
of self-protection. You say that this was
unconstitutional. You saythatthis was usurp-
ation. it is said in the President's message
to be usurpation. I am sorry that the Presi-
dent of the United States has used that argu-
ment in view of his own conduct; in view of
the fact that he undertook to set up govern-
ments himself with restrictions which iuvolved
the exercise of the identical power that Con-
gress has exercised. There is no party that J
can say it is free from the exercise of this i
power. I
Andrew Johnson, above others, acted upon
the theory that the rebel governments in the
South were not merely voidable, but absolutely
void, and that new organizations must be
created, and he created them. He, the Exec-
utive, undertook to exercise these functions
alone, and I say it comes with an ill grace from
hiin to declare that Congress, the legislative
power of the Government, had not equal au-
thority with him alone as President. When you
come to the question of power it is a strange
constitution that can always be invoked in aid i
of rebellion, in aid of oppression, in aid of \
wrong, but has no element in it whereby justice !
can be maintained, whereby the Union can be ]
preserved, whereby the loyal men of the coun-
try have a right to say who shall control it. It
is a strange instrument that is always invoked
in aid of wrong and oppression. The Consti-
tution of the United States, when fairly con-
strued, it seems to me, has in it those elements
that will protect the weak against the powerful
who would oppress them, and that secure to all
men their rights. It it is notsuch an instrument,
if it is an instrument of wrong and oppression i
and secession and rebellion, and only protects I
those engaged in tearing down this Govern- j
ment, it is worth very little to humanity, very
little to civilization. J
I repudiate altogether the charge that Con- 1
gress has attempted to set up negro govern-
ments. I affirm that they, as they were in dutv
bound to do, have undertaken to inaugurate
loyal governments, governments that will be i
friendly to our institutions. Thcv have under- !
taken to preserve our institutions in the hands
of their friends. That is all. Who is to be !
alarmed by tlie cry that one negro in ten of our
population is to govern this country? That is I
n pretty watchword with which to" go before I
|| the people. It only needs to be stated to show
; how absurd it is. It is an appeal to a low
prejudice for the purpose of placing the Gov-
ernment in the hands of rebels. And what
purpose have they in view? Have we ewr
thought of that? Is it certain that they will
not avenge their supposed wrongs on your
loyal soldiers ? Is it certain that they will not
refuse to pay the pensions due to your widows
and orphans? Is it certain that they will not
repudiate your national debt? Is it certain
that they will not claim pay for the slaves we
have emancipated? I have heard the Demo-
cratic theory stated by a good many Demo-
crats, many of whom in private conversation
say that the mission of the Democratic party
is to place everything back where it was before
the war, wipe out the debt, reenshive the ne-
groes, and pay for what damages have occurred.
Until they get some of these theories out of
their heads it seems to me it is but right and
proper that we should enfranchise the men who
are friendly to the Government, who will sus-
tain our institutions, who have been tried and
true. I wish it distinctly understood that I have
no fear of the American people being fright-
ened out of their wits on account of a few col-
ored people being allowed to vote. 1 do not
think the people of the South will be much
frightened about it. It maybe that the modern
Democracy will be alarmed, for its courage
has been very much shaken during the war.
It never had much faith in itself, and I think
it quite likely that modern Demociacy will lie
afraid of the negroes. I am not surprised at
that. It ought to be afraid of itself. It is
afraid to trust anybody, even itself. It certainly
is not going to scare the American people and
induce them to drive the friends of the Union
from power because a few lojal negroes are
allowed to vote for their own protection in the
South.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President—-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now properly
before the Senate. It is the joint resolution
(S. It. No. 69) to preserve neutrality between
the Government of Great Britain and the king
of Abyssinia.
Mr. CHANDLER. As the resolution of the
Senator from Missouri was specially assigned
for to-day at one o'clock, I will move to post-
pone until to-morrow the unfinished business
ol yesterday, so that that Senator may proceed
with his remaiks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope with the con-
sent of the Senator from Missouri that the order
to refer my amendment may be made, so that
it may go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
done by common consent if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
51 ess ag 10 fp.om the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Mr. Jonx A.
Logan of Illinois, Mr. Bexjamix F. Butler
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Rohkkt C. Sciiexck
of Ohio, as the members on the part of the
House of the joint Committee on Ordnance.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 141) for the further security of equal rights
in the District of Columbia; and it was signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
president's 3iessage,
Mr. DRAKE. I now move that the resolu-
tion which I offered on the 4th instant in regard
to the President's message be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Concurrent resolution in relation to the annual mes-
sage of the President of tho United States.
Rcsolvedbythe Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring, i That tho President ut the United States
m declaring in his annual menage to the two lLouses
°f Congress at the present ?e<-ion that the act* here-
tofore passed by thosu Houses in relation to tho
