2508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May*I8,
made a certain railway company its trustee to
administer the grant and build the road. The
company has made some progress, but has not
completed the road. Some time since a joint
resolution Aame to the Senate from the House
of Representatives proposing to extend the
time t.o Michigan to complete this road, and at
the satae time, and in the same resolution, to
extend"the time to Wisconsin to complete one
ot' her roads on which progress has been made.
The honorable Senator from Vermont took ex-
ception to that resolution, urging that while it
saul it only provided for these two roads, the
Northwestern and the Ontonagon roads, yet
he thought by its language it might be extended
f o other roads, and therefore he drew an amend-
ment, to which I assented, to confine the exten-
sion of time simply to these two roads. That
was his purpose, and that was mine. He
thought the resolution as it came here might
operate on other roads. I thought it did not,
but he drew an amendment to satisfy himself;
the Senate agreed to it, and it went back to the
House. In the meantime some of the Repre-
sentatives from Michigan had become a little
distrustful that the company which now stands
as the trustee of Michigan was not likely to
make that "progress with the road that they
wished to have made, and they have proposed
this amendment to oblige that company to go
011 and build ten"miles this season and then ten
miles year after year upon the forfeiture of
their interest in the grant; and if they forfeit
the grant under that, it would belong to Michi-
fan, not to be appropriated to any other road,
ut that Michigan may provide some other com-
pany, or go on and build the road itself. We
agreed to extend the time to Michigan. Michi-
gan now wants the privilege of selecting an-
other trustee if this trustee does not behave;
and, as I understand, the Senator from Ver-
mont says that the time shall not be extended
to Michigan unless Michigan will continue this
same trustee. Is that right?
Mr. EDMONDS. Mr. President, I must
appeal, not to the generosity of my friend from
Wisconsin, but to his memory. I have not
maintained any such proposition. I do not
insist upon the State of Michigan continuing
this trustee, as my friend is pleased to call it;
1 insist upon adhering to the same line of legis-
lation that we have always adhered to : that if
the conditions upon which we grant these lands
are not complied with they shall revert to the
United States instead of being left at the
disposal of the Legislature ot' the State of
Michigan. That is what I insist upon.
Mr. HOWE. Upon that principle, if we ever
have adhered to it, these lands would be gone ;
but it is because we do not wish to adhere to
that that we agreed to this amendment extend-
ing the time to Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is mistaken
about that. We did not agree to it upon any
such reason at all, so far as f am concerned.
We were willing not to take advantage of the
lapse of time under the peculiar circumstances
that have existed for the last few years arising
from the failure of this company to comply with
the legislation of 1856 and again of 1864. We
did agree to extend the time by the amend-
ment that we adopted, confining it to this
specific line, as to which the application it was
said really was made; and then we left the law
by our express provision in the bill as we
passed it, that if they failed to conform to the
new time granted the lands should again revert
to us, just as the act of 1856, which originally
granted these lands, provided. I will read the
provision; it is not new or unusual ; it is in
all the grants; this is the first time, to my
knowledge, when there has been any attempt
to change it. The fourth section of the act of
June 3, 1856, provided: "And if any of said
roads is not completed within ten years no
further sales shall be made and the lands un-
sold shall revert to the United States." Now,
the proposition is—and it is impossible to dis-
guise it if we only listen to the language as it
comes from the other House—that instead of,
on non-compliance upon the part of this com-
pany, the lands reverting to the United States
or being subject to the control of the United
States, they shall be subject to the control of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, to
dispose of to such railroads as it shall deem fit.
I ask, Mr. President, that the Secretary again
read the House amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
amendment will be again read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That if the said Marquette
and Ontonagon Hail road Company, in the State of
Michigan, shall not have completed, according to law,
ten additional miles of their railroad on or before the
1st day of January, 1S69, and shall not in like manner
complete ten miles of said railroad in each and every
year thereafter, then it shall be lawful for the Legis-
lature of the said State of Michigan t > declare the
grant of lands to said company to be forfeited and to
confer the said grant of lands upon some other com-
pany in the same manner as if the said grantwas now
for tho first time made to said State of Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There you have it, Mr.
President. It shall be lawful for the Legisla-
ture of the State of Michigan to forfeit this grant
at the end of the year if ten miles be not built,
and so on, and then to confer it on such other
company as it may please, not necessarily for
the purpose of building that identical line.
That; is to be guessed at. It may give it in aid
of any railroad that it likes, so far as the lan-
guage of the law goes. And then you will no-
tice the additional peculiar provision, " having
the same powers ana rights as if this grant to
the State of Michigan were now for the first
time made." That sweeps out from uuder it
all the prior legislation that imposes conditions
and limitations and regulations as to the man-
ner of sale and disposition of these lands. So
that all you have, if you take this statute (if it
shall become a law) as it stands, will be the
provisions of this bill alone, which simply
grants them to the State of Michigan, by in-
ference derived from the very last line of it,
these lands for the use <^f this particular rail-
road, with a right to declare a forfeiture at the
end of the year, and then to dispose of the
lands to such railroad as it pleases. I submit
to my friend from Wisconsin that that is quite
a different proposition from any to which we
have hitherto been invited.
Mr. HOWE. I submit to my friend that the
statute-book is not stuffed full, but stuffed
largely of bills just like it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Let us see one. I
should like to see one with a provision such
as that which has been inserted here by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I voted
against the bill to which this is an amendment.
1 bad no particular objection to that bill, but
I am opposed to the whole system. Now, how-
ever, it comes to us in a tenfold worse form.
These lands were granted originally to Michi-
gan to construct arailroad line pointed out in the
bill, of which Congress was informed at the time.
It is now intended by this amendment to put
these lands in the hands of the State of Michi-
gan to be applied to the construction of a rail-
road of which this Congress has never heard
and which has never been pointed out. Under
the concluding language of this amendment,
these lands can be applied to the construction
of a railroad between two other points that
have not been named, and perhaps running in
an entirely different direction.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, we ought not
to make any mistake about a point as plain as
this. It does seem to me that there is no need
of making such a mistake as the Senator from
Indiana has jast made, or as I have made. He
says that if we agree to this amendment, this
grant can be applied to building any road be-
tween any other two points. If that is so, I
do not know what force there is in language.
The grant went to Michigan to build a specific
line of road marked out in the grant, and
Michigan made this company her trustee to
execute that trust and build that road. Michi-
gan, feeling now that that company are not
going along fast enough, wants to hurry them
up. When you agreed to the original amend-
ment drawn by the Senator from Vermont, you
agreed to extend the time of Michigan, bat it
is no object to have that time extended unless
the company will execute the trust, and Michi-
gan wants the privilege, if this company does
not go on with the trust, to vest it in somebody
else, as if the grant was now made to Michigan
for the first time. What is that ? To build
another road ? Surely not.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to call the
attention of my friend from ^Visconsin to the
phraseology, and it can easily be seen where
the troubleof this amendment is. The amend-
ment provides that the State of Michigan may
'' declare the grant of lands to said company to
be forfeited," and may ''confer the said grant
of lands upon some other company in the same
manner as if the said grant was now for the
first time made to said State of Michigan."
Does it say "to some other company to con-
struct the road between the same points?"
Not a bit of it.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, but I ask
the Senator from Indiana if there was a com-
pany on the footstool to which this grant could
have been assigned in 1856 that would not have
been compelled to apply the grant to this very
road, because that is the road marked out iu
the act making the grant?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this amend-
ment provides in plain terms that the State of
Michigan can assign the grant to some other
company. It does not say "to build a road
between the same points," but to assign it to
some other company as if the grant was made
to that company in the first place, as if it bad
been originally granted to build a road between
two other points.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana answer me this question : when the grant
was made to Michigan it was made in trust to
build that line of road, and if Michigan had
assigned it to the New York Central Railway
Company would not the New York Central
Railway Company have been compelled to
build that road with it? That is the question.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, if it
was intended to apply these lands to the con-
struction of a road between the same points
mentioned in the original bill it would have
been the easiest thing in the world to have said
so; but I maintain, as a construction of law,
that under this phraseology the State of Mich-
igan could apply them to the construction of a
railroad running in a different direction and
between different towns. There certainly can
be no doubt of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not agree to the
amendment with an amendmentinsertiug words
to make that clear ?
Mr. MORTON. The question now is on
concurring in the amendment of the House.
Mr. CONKLINtr. Why not concur iu the
amendment with an amendment inserting words
to make the meaning clear?
Mr. MORTON, i am not in favor of the
bill at all. I voted against it originally.
Mr. DOOLIT 1'LE. Will the honorable
Senator from Indiana allow me to make a
single suggestion?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If 1 understand this
proviso of the House, the substance of it is
that if the company to whom the State has
granted the lands for the purpose of building
the road shall fail, then the State of Michigan
shall have the power to " trausfer the said
grant" to another company. Now, what is
meant by " transferring the said grant ?'' What
is the grant? The grant is that which is con-
tained m the original bill, which provides that
Congress grants to the State of Michigan the
alternate sections of land upon a given hue, aud
allows the State of Michigan to give those lands
to a company which will undertake to build the
i ro,ad*. This bill extends the time to the State
j of Michigan to complete the road; but the
| House of Representatives, for greater security,
| have inserted a proviso to enable the State of
; Michigan to complete the building of the road,
j that it_ this company shall fail to build its first
i ten miles within a certain time the State of
