1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
and the cities of Washington and George-
town pay the other third. 1 have no feeling on
the subject one way or the other. I do not
choose to move to strike it out, but if it is
stricken out I think we can get along without
them. So far as 1 am concerned, I think we
can get along with a less expenditure and have
o, better police.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move an amendment
pro forma in order to submit a few remarks on
this question. I wish the committee to under-
stand that the Government of the United States
is as deeply interested in the administration of
this city as the citizens themselves are. The
Government possesses property here to the
amount of $50,000,000, upon which it does not
pay one cent of tax tor the support of any part
of this municipal government; and is it not to
the interest of this Government to have that
property protected? We have from live to
eight thousand clerks here.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not the gentleman
under-estirnate the value of tho Government
property ? Is it not over one hundred million
dollars ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am estimating it in
accordance with the customary valuation for the
purposes of taxation. It is the relative value
in comparison with tho value of other property
in the city belongingto the citizens. The Gov-
ernment owns as much property in value lir-re
as do all the citizens of Washington together.
Mr. NIBLACJv. More, too.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Itis aboutequal, accord-
ing to the estimate I have made. Now, sir,,
t.lie government of this city is administered as
cheaply, I assume, as that of any city govern-
ment in the United States, and as efficiently,
so far as its police affairs are concerned. There
is no body of men in that capacity in the Uni-
ted States who discharge their duties more
faithfully than do the metropolitan police of
this city. A more orderly and eflicient body
of men does not exist in this country.
Now, sir, it must be remembered that the
Metropolitan policc and the municipal author-
ities of this city protect the rights of liom five
to eight thousand citizens of the Unned States,
clerks of Departments, members of Congress,
heads of Departments, &c., besides foreign
ministers and their legations. Ail these in-
terests are directly under the protection of the
municipal authorities at Washington, and it
would be an outrage upon existing rights to
strike out this appropriation. I want to re-
mind gentlemen that this appropriation is made
in accordance with existing law. This Metro-
politan police force is working under the law
of Congress.
Mr. liLAINE. With the consent of thegen-
tlemau irom Illinois, [Mr. Ixgeusou,,] I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having taken the chair, Mr. Scofielp
reported that the Committee of tho Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the special order under consideration,
being House bill No. 818, making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the COth of J une, 18G!l,
and for other purposes, and had comc to no
resolution thereon.
XITIiO-GLYCliUINE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House that he has placed in his possession,
by the superintendent of the Metropolitan
police of this city, a communication from
the superintendent of the metropolitan police
of New York, of so grave and important a
character that he feels it his duty to lay it
before the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of thk Supetui'textjext or the
Metropolitan Polio., No. 300 „M::lkki;ky Street,
New York, Frhmnry lYi, MiS.
Sir: I have just been called on hv Colonel Tal. P.
bhaffner, president of the United States Blasting Oil
Company, with a request to look up five cans of nitro-
glycerino which was delivered on an order from a
regular customer, but which order is now pronounced
to be a forgers*. Tho quantity of the oil in the cans
ivdft about one bundled and sixty-fivo pounds—a.
,|ua ntity sufficient to blow up the St. Nicholas hotel
in New York. He fears that it may have been ob-
tained in the way it was 1'or some foul purpose, as lie
latterly has had several applications by unknown
persons for the purchase of the article, to whom lie
refused to sell, owing to their being strangers and
would not explain satisfactorily tho purpose for
which they wanted it. -He informs me that, although
it is given out that thestonewalls of the Clerkcnweli
prison were blown down with gunpowder, the mate-
rial used was glycerine.
Now. sir. this one hundred and sixty-five pounds
has disappeared Irom New York, and, if intended
for mischief, it is more likely lor use in Washington
than elsewhere. X give you this information to put
you on guard.
Veiy respectfully, JOHN A. KENNEDY,
Superintendent.
Jlajor A. O.RiohaKDS, Superintendent of Metropolitan
Policc, Washington, D. V.
The communication was laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Abolish the police force
in this city and see how soon we will be blown
up. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FI40H THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Eorxey, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. No. Ill) providing for the issue of cloth-
ing to soldiers and others to replace clothing
destroyed to prevent contagion ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed in the Globe:
Treasury Dhpabtmext,
February '27, IKtjS.
8m: X inclose herewith a communication from tho
superintending nrehit'-ct. ot this Department in re-
gard to an appropriation for the continuation and
completion ot tho United Statis custom-house and
post otiieo at Cairo. Illinois, and have to say that,
after a careful examination of tho subject, I am sat-
isfied that tho amount is needed, and that the public
inteiests douiand an early completion of tho build-
ing.
I therefore recommend the appropriation of 850,000
lor the year ending June 30, 1800,
Veiy icspcctlully, ( It. McClILLOCH,
Sccretaru of the Ti casury.
Hon. SciiuyU'.i! Cur.pix,
of the House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Office of the Supurvlsino Architect,
February '27, 38ti8.
8 m : X desire to call your attention to the necessity
that an appro;>i iation of the sum of <K>0,000 ioi the
completion of tho eustom-houso at (Jaiio, Illinois,
should be included in the appropiiations for the fiscal
year ending June 00, 180it, in which ca-e there will,
in niv opinion, be no difficulty in completing the
building beloie the close of the year ending on that
date.
X eannot too sti ongly urge the impoitaneeof this
fiom the exposedsituatMin of the wmk, the difficulty
ot obtaining competent workmen, and the cost of
watching and piencrvini? the wmk already done atid
tho material on baud, which demand tiio completion
ot the bniUling at tho earliest possible moment.
The estimated cost of the building is SI IS,97-:
Amount appiopiiated  650,000
Amount estimated for in deticioney bill  50,000
Amount recommended for completion of
building  50.000
Total  «150,000
Vcry l espcctfully,
lion. Xtur.n McCulloch, Srerrtory of the Treasury.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation to
meet certain liabilities on account of books
of record furnished for the use of the register
of deeds in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
roil AI'I'KOntlATIO-N BILL,
Mr. BLAISE. I move that the rules be stis- I
pended, and the House resolve itself into the i
a. w. mt;lx,btt,
Supervising A rehiteot.
1 Committee of the Whole on the state of the
I Union on the special order, the civil appropri-
l ation bill; andpendingthat motion Imo^ethat
all debate upon the pending paragraph be closed
in eight miautes alter the committee resumes
the consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate ; and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole; and
it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(II. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
for other purposes.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoli,.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask my col-
league, [Mr. Washbcrne,] who has charge of
this bill, if this appiopriation is not necessary
to carry out an existing law? Will he just
state to the committee whether that is not so?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
stated that in answer to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce.] I stated that the
committee felt bound to submit this matter to
the House under the existing law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I understand that
this appropriation is in pnrsuanee of and in
accordance with the statutes of the United
States as they now stand; and I submit that
it is not in order to strike out the appropria-
tion so long as that law makes it obligatory
upon us to carry it into execution by making
this appropriation. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My object was
mainly to call the attention of the committee
to the enormous appropriations which have
been made and are being made for this District.
I desire to say that I agree entirely with the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] that
tho police force of this city manage the affairs
of this city as well as the police force of any
city in the Union. I have nothing to say
against them. I believe that they are not ade-
quately paid, and if I had power the police force
is one of the class of officers whose compensa-
tion I would increase. But the question I sub-
mit is not whether the policc force shall be con-
tinued or whether they shall be paid, but who
shall pay them. I insist that it is the duty of
the Committee for the-District of Columbia, of
which the gentleman from Illinois is chairman,
at the proper time to introduce a bill which
shall make it the duty of the proper officers of
this city to levy the necessary taxes and pay
their own pojice force. Why, sir. in this city
there are §15.000,000 annually paid out to offi-
cers of the national Government for salaries
here : there are annually brought into this city
S5,000,000 by travelers who visit this city,
making an annual expenditure of S20.000.000
poured into the lap of this city. And yet, with
all that immense treasure drawn from'the peo-
ple of the United States we are asked, as I
have already remarked, to grade their streets,
light their avenues, support their poor, pay
their police force, and pay a large proportion
of all the local expenses of the city. Sir, this
ought not to be. A change should be made.
We ought not to overburden the already op-
pressed tax-payers of this country to pav the
expenses of this city when the taxes here are
comparatively so small. The people here ought
to be required to pay their own local expenses.
In the town where I have the honor to live our
taxation is at the rate of twenty-eight mills on
the dollar; in New York it is two and six tenths
per cent, on the assessed value of all the prop-
erty, and in Philadelphia, as fleam, it is one
and four^tentlis on the dollar.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to say that
nine-tenths of^ the persons in this city who
have been receiving charity for the last five or
six years are freedmen, who were brought
