1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
reeonst. action .>1 the insurrectionary States " are no?
uiiij o.i.'vi: ,i>'.c twr iht ir assumption ot untrained
V v.... ■ >'. tV'ir pro\i-.<. i-arc in contiict
' >• . r. •" 'm o'.rJut lans oftn m ' i.i-t it utio:1." and
lu.it ;"iHst-:K'ts arc "as pliiniv un 1 n-titiitional us
Hit\ . ui' ran co niuu'incd," has [i.iii-cciiilcd^tiie ill;-!
him:- ot his con-utuuumil prcroiiau\ c to " ^i\ o t■ •
l'":": jre-^ ratni mat ion of the state ot the I nion, una
recommend to their consultation sucn measures as
lie ~a.il! judge necessary /.ml txpedient;" that the
use >>f Mich lan^ua^e b> him m his t>!!icia! character
i*. ill .>!ir iu Isntcnt. calculated t" deiogate troin the
rightful authority of the !aw-m: \ing power of the
nation, and to incite in u'ooiuiuaiiou, it not violent
re.-i-tance : > laws « h it is his duty as President to
" t ike eire -hall he i.ii. htnl'.y executedthat as be-
tween the (\>nsre?s ami the President tho former is
the exciu.-tve ami final judge in tue l.tst instance of
the conformity ot it- act? to the (,'oiistitutiaii; and
that when any act ha* been pas-til by two thirds of
botn Houses over the President's objeet ion, any sub-
sequent otin lal denouncement of u by him ns uucon-
st'tu:i"ii i! i:i t'ae ak-euc- of any adjudication to that
eff-'t by il-.c fupretne judiciary of the nation is a
departure from uthcial propriety and a breach of
oUicial oou-auon justifying aud eaiUns for distinct
rei-rohensi m i -.i the part of the Senate and House
of Representatives.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, nothing but
a .-etif-"-.it' duty could have led we to introduce
till- r«. .-oration. If it was a mistaken se'.i-e of
d.i:\ I ti'ono am responsible tor it. But I do
not apprt liend that the judgment, of the Sen-
ate, ui'.ch l;-ss that of the loyal men of the
country, will pronounce me in error. I see
pretty clearly. I think, the objection which lies
at the threshold to the unusual character of
such action a- this on the part of the two
Iloase^ of Congress ; but i see, too, more
clearly the extraordinary oeca.-ion; and my
rule i' always to suit the action to the occa-
sion. I do not believe in raising a tempest
"To waft a feather or to drown a fly,"
nor in resisting a tempest with cobweb defenses.
If an assault is worth resisting it is worth re-
sisting effectually. The iirst question then is
whether the blows and kicks which the Pres-
ident bestows so freely upon Congress are
worthy of notice, or whether we shall rub the
hurt with the salve of senatorial dignity and
say no more about it. As to blows and kicks
in general, by all means take to the salve : it
is so much more soothing and comfortable
and demands so little effort in the application ;
but as to the particular blow referred to in this
resolution, I can see no way of escape with
decency from resistance and reprisals. For,
sir. great principles, underlying the workings
of the Government, are involved : and when
that is the case silence on the part of Con-
gress would, in my judgment, be hardly short
of criminal.
The Senate will not have failed to observe
that this resolution refers only to a single point
in the President's multifarious indictment
against the reconstruction acts heretofore
passed by Congress over his vetoes, namely,
his unqualified denouncement of them as un-
constitutional. In addition to the two instances
of this quoted in the resolution there are in the
message two others where the charge is re-
peated in less direct though not less emphatic
terms; one where he says :
" If calm reflection shall satisfy a majorityof your
honorable bodies that tho acts referred to are not
only a violation of the national faith but in direct
conflict with the Constitution, I dare not permit my-
self to doubt that you will immediately strike them
from the statute-book."
The other, where he says:
"T° demonstrate the unconstitutional character
of these acts I need do no more than refer to their
general provisions."
1 he case is, then, that of the Chief Execu-
tive of t lie nation, who is charged by the Consti-
tution "to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed, formally and unreservedly declaring
laws to be unconstitutional which have been
passed by both Houses of Congress in the
manner prescribed by the Constitution; which
stand upon the statute-book of the nation as
rules of action for him and all other men ; and
which he has in every way until now acknowl-
edged his official obligation to carry into exe-
cution. Now, however, he plants himself
against them, and takes a position from which
he cannot consistently proceed to execute them.
For if it be true that they are '• in direct con-
ilict with the Constitution,'' if they are, as he
avers, •' as plainly unconstitutional as any that
can be imagined," then of course and of ne-
cessity they are utterly and absolutely void,
and lie is not bound to execute nor is anybody
bound to obey them. And so the world is ad-
vertised by the Chief Magistrate of this nation
that, the nation's Congress, in the matter of
these acts, is a mere body of usurpers, doing
not only what the Constitution gives them no
power to do, but what it forbids their doing.
And not the least remarkable and challeng-
ing feature of this advertisement is its newness
in the history of our Government. Never
before, I believe, has a President ventured to
declare unconstitutional an existing act of
Congress which he was bound to execute, and
which was in process of execution under his
hand. I do not forget that some thirty-five
years ago President Jackson, in vetoing the
bill to extend the charter of the Bank of the
United States, denied the constitutional power
of Congress to create such a bank, and so, in
elfect, denied the constitutionality of the char-
ter proposed to be extended : but that was in
no sense a case like the present. That charter
was not a rule of action for communities or
individuals, but a grant of certain franchises
to certain persons under certain regulations.
With it the President had no executive con-
nection, except, if my memory be correct, to
appoint a portion of the directory of the bank
to represent the stock held in it by the Gov-
ernment. When the bill came before him to
renew that charter he expressed, as he was
entitled to do, his opinion of its unconstitu-
tionality; and he did that, not because of any
new and peculiar features of that bill, but on
constitutional grounds, which, if well taken,
were fatal to it, and to the original charter as
well. The wide difference between that case
and the present cannot but be apparent to all.
Senators will not fail to note also the great
difference between the President's position in
the case presented in this resolution and in
that of hia stating in a veto message his objec-
tions to a bill laid before him for his approba-
tion. There he acts as a part of the law-
making power, and has an undoubted and
unrestricted right to present and urge his objec-
tions in every form he chooses to devise that is
respectful to Congress, and with all the force he
is master of; and it would be merely absurd
to attempt to limit him where he is unlimited
by the Constitution, and cannot be limited by
any statute law or by any other law than that
of his own judgment. But when his objections
have been presented, and Congress has over-
ruled them, and passed the bill by constitu-
tional majorities over his veto, then the whole
position of things is changed ; what was before
a bill, aprojet of a law, has become an act, a
law, binding on him as on all others, and in
regard to it he is no longer a law-maker, but
a mere executive officer, with no more right
-than any other man to refuse it obedience, but,
on the contrary, bound to obey and to make
others obey it, whether as an individual he
regards it constitutional or not. The Consti-
tution gives him no option, no discretion on
that point; he must go forward and see it
'•faithfully executed."
This is so plain, so far beyond controversy
or question, so familiar to us all, that Senators
may wonder why it is stated so circumstantially
and pointedly; but there is reason for it. It
enforces my next proposition, that an officer
charged with the execution of a law is under
obligation to avoid any impairment by his \
word or act of its moral force, and much more
to avoid any word or act which will invite or
instigate its violation. He has not a shadow 1
of right to denounce it as void while attempting
to enforce it. In such case his private opin-
ions are, to be sure, his own, and no man shall
say that he has not a right to them ; but the
Government has also a right in the case, the
right to demand that he keep his opinions to
himself.
The vital force of a statute in a constitu-
tional Government is in its conformity to the
fundamental law. The officer who attempts to
execute with his hands a law which with his
mouth he denounces as invalid and nugatory,
because *' in direct conflict with the Constitu-
tion," stamps his own act as a willful assump-
tion of unlawful authority, and invites resist-
ance to it and to the Government he professes
to represent. Transcendently true is this when
he is the Chief Executive of the country, and
when, by the Constitution under which he acts,
he is invested also with the absolute power of
reprieve and pardon. Then his denounce-
ment of the law as unconstitutional has the
double effect of inviting resistance and prom-
ising immunity front punishment for that resist-
ance. It is not within the range of our con-
ceptions of human troaehery and meanness—
great and instructive a J have been our lessons
on those points in recent years—that a resist-
ance to law invited by a Chief Magistrate
should go unpardoned by him. We cannot
doubt that in such case the offender would
snap his lingers at the law. at. courts, civil or
military, at prisons and gibbets; or that the
Executive would snap his, which would be till
the same. In either case it would be the
work of the latter—the greater criminal of
\,he two.
Here, then, is the plain and, without exag-
geration, the startling position of the case pre-
sented in this resolution. The President of the
United States, by bold, direct, unqualified,
attacking assertion, in his annual message to
Congress proclaims to that body, to the nation,
and to the world that certain laws which had
been passed by Congress and which he is bound
by the Constitution to see '* faitl^illy executed"
are unconstitutional; yea, "as plaiuly uncon-
stitutional as any that can be imagined." Aud
what gives very uncommon, and, perhaps,
strangely fearful import to this declaration of
' implacable hostility to, if not indeed of open
war upon those laws is the inflammable con-
dition of a part of the country to which that
declaration is made. Had it come forth at a
period of peace—peace, I mean, under the
surface as well as on it—when there was-no
inflammability in the public mind, when there
were no "dogs of war" panting to be "let
slip" again, when there were no bloodshot
eyes peering aj-ound th ■ horizon for a breach
through which blood-stained hands might again
seize the nation's throat, it might have been
passed by in silence, if not in contempt, with-
out perhaps any serious result. But let us
face the stern and rigid fact, and forecast the
possible consequences.
This declaration goes forth to a people who
but the other day were in open, unprovoked,
treasonable war against the country and Gov-
ernment of which this President is now the
official head. In the hearts of the great mass
! of those who were engaged iu that war there
is not now, there has not for seven years been,
I one throb of love for that country or Govern-
ment ; but every throb has been one of bitter,
! implacable, savage hale to both, and to the
people that defend them. That they are not
in arms now is wholly and only because they
can see no ray of hope to light them on to the
| deadly work of the Union's destruction. Your
life, Mr. President, mine, those of all the Re-
j publican Senators and Representatives now
I assembled in this Capitol, were not as long as
! that of so many lighted candles if that people
had the power to wreak the vengeance that,
burns in their hearts. Nothing but the strong
arm of law and that wielding the musket and
the saber, keeps them from bloodshed and
havoc. At such a time, with such a people,
over such a magazine of explosive elements,
th" President of the United States finds no
better occupation for his time and the modicum
of talent for mischief with which he is unhap-
pily endowed than to hurl at Congress denun-
ciations of their laws, every one of which feeds
the smoldering fires of a rebellion only put out
of glaring view, not extinct.
The suin of the matter, then, is that the
President has in effect issued an executive
proclamation in those word-i : " I, Andrew
