1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2509
Michigan can " transfer thesaid grant." What
is the meaning of "the said grant?" It is
the grant contained in the original act—a grant
of lands to build a road on that line. It does
not extend the time beyond the time specified
in the bill itself. It seems to me there is no
ambiguity about this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday is before the Senate, which
is House bill No. 1045.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the special
order be postponed, with a view of taking up
the bill mentioned by me this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. The unfinished business
will not take five minutes. It is a bill making
an appropriation for one of the military dis-
tricts of the South ; and I have official informa-
tion from General Meade stating that it is of
the utmost consequence that the money should
be immediately appropriated. One of his aids
is here waiting now for the money. It is abso-
lutely indispensable to carry on his operations
in the third military district.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 1045) making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the execution of the reconstruction laws in
the third military district for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1868, is the unfinished business.
Mr. HARLAN. With the Senator's state-
ment I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have per-
mission, before the unfinished business is taken
up, to offer a resolution, to be laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be received if there be no objection.
BRIDGES OX OHIO AND MISSISSIPPI RIVERS.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That House bill No. 384, to authorize
the building of a railroad bridge across the Ohio
river at Paducah, Kentucky, be recommitted to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and that
the said committee be requested to consider, and if in
their judgment thought best to report, a general bill
authorizing bridges to be constructed over the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers upon such teims and condi-
tions as will not materially interfere with naviga-
tion.
"As I want to make a statement on that reso-
lution before the vote is taken upon it, I ask
that it lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will He
on the table, no objection being made.
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ I move that the unfin-
ished business be laid aside informally. I
think we shall soon come to a vote on the bill
we have been discussing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tha unfinished business
will not take three minutes, and the Senator's
bill will then come up again. This is a matter
of public business and public necessity.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, then, I shall
not object ; but I shall move to take this up
afterward.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
1045) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the execu-
tion of the reconstruction laws in the third
military district for the fiscal year ending June
80, 1868. It proposes to appropriate, for the
expenses of carrying into effect the act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States, for the third military dis-
trict, the sum of $87,701 50.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate resume the consideration of the joint
resolution which was just laid aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
upon that motion I desire to say to the Senate
that I consider it my duty to press the bill for
the recognition of the State government, in
Arkansas. The matrer was discussed some-
what on Saturday, and I hope the Senate will
consent to take it up. It is regarded by all as
an important matter. The representatives are
here waiting, and although I have no objection
to this particular business coming >to if it is not
to lead to debate, if it does I shall (bake a mo-
tion to lay it aside with a view of taking up the
bil?I have named.
The PRESIDENT jyro tempore.
tion is on the motion of the Senator frol!
igan.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the Senate
amendment to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
91) concerning certain lands granted to rail-
road companies in the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment proposed by the House of Repre-
sentatives by striking out the last words that
have been referred to, all after the word "then"
in the sixth line from the bottom, and insert-
ing the words "the said lands shall be forfeited
to the United States as provided in section one
of this act," so that if this amendment be
adopted the bill will be left to stand exactly as
it passed the House of Representatives origin-
ally on that point, giving the extended time
that the House of Representatives desired.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator's motion is
evidently not in order. This is a House bill
amended by the Senate, to which Senate
amendment the House of Representatives has
proposed an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to suggest to
my friend from Iowa that the rule about amend-
ments on amendments does not apply to propo-
sitions pending between the two Houses at all.
We can amend any proposition the House of
Representatives send here if it is in the fortieth
stage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that it is in order to amend the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With thisamendment the
proposition will read:
And provided further, That if the said Marquette
and Ontonagon ltailroad Company, in the State of
Michigan, shall not have completed, according to law,
ten additional miles of their railroad on or before the
1st day of January, 1869, and shall not in like man-
ner complete ten miles of said railroad in each year
thereafter, then the said lands shall be forfeited to
the United States as provided in section one of this
act.
Section one, it will be bornre in mind, is the
House section, and that section, which was
agreed to here, provided originally as follows:
That the said companies or either of them shall
fully complete their said railroads in the manner re-
quired by law on or before the 1st day of December,
1872, at which time a failure shall forleit the lands to
the United States.
That part was so agreed to here, so that it
now stands, so far as the two Houses are con-
cerned, as the law. All that the Senate did
was to add a proviso to limit the general lan-
guage of the descriptive part of the section to
two railway lines specially named. Now, the
House of Representatives, to add a further pro-
viso giving a specific time a little different to
one of these railways, with a provision at the
end that if they fail to comply the State of
Michigan shall take the lands to be disposed of
in the way named by this bill instead of revert-
ing to the United States as the original section
already agreed to provides. All that myamend-
ment now does is to strike out these last words
and to leave it exactly as the House left it in
the first place, that in the case of failure the
United States shall have control of the lands;
and that is in accordance with all the legisla-
tion we have passed heretofore. I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. The effect of this amend-
ment, as will be seen at a glance, would be, in
case this company fail to take the lands from
the State, to make them revert back to the Gov-
ernment, All the State of Michigan asks in
this particular is that in case the company she
has now selected as her agent to build this road
shall fail she may be permitted to select an-
other agent who she believes will complete
the road. It is a mistake to suppose this is
really a donation from the Government. There
are six or seven hundred miles of vacant landa
entirely worthless to-day to the Government
in thejifirthem portion of the State of Michi-
^ certain alternate sections of which are
JTven to the State of Michigan to finish this
road. These lands are utterly worthless to the
Government until the road is built The mo-
ment the road is built the half belonging to
the United States immediately becomes valu-
able to the Government, so that the Govern-
ment has just as much interest as has the State
of Michigan in the completion of this road.
The company promised to build the road in
accordance with the provisions set forth in the
amendment. The country is entirely wild,
with not a habitation at piesent for one hun-
dred miles, and yet the lands when opened
are valuable. It is as greatly for the interest
of the United States as it is for the interest
of the State of Michigan that this road should
be built and these lands opened up to settlers.
If the Senate desire to take back the grant in
case this company fails, and not permit the
State of Michigan to build the road, of course
they will vote for the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont; but, if the Senate
desiro that tha road shall be built, they will
concur m the amendment of the House of
Representatives, which, in my judgment, will
insure the building of the road, i hope the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont will
not prevail, and, if it does, I should prefer
that the bill should fail.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I believe
I understand the bill; I speak under the cor-
rection of those who have attended to it more
particularly than I have. These lands were
given in the first instance to the two States for
the purpose of being appropriated by them to
the service of the companies to make the two
roads in question. That was done. It was
then proposed, and is now proposed to extend
the time within which the companies are to
make the road. That is done by the bill as
it now stands in part; but the House have pro-
vided that in the event that the companies do
not make the road within the extended time
the lands shall still be the lands of the two
States, and be appropriated by them to the
service of some other companies who will make
the road. We want the road; that we desire
to have made, and it was provided for by the
original bill. If Congress thought it was right
that thess roads should be made in the first
instance, and have not changed that opinion,
why should not the amendment of the House
of Representatives be acceded to ? 1 suppose
the effect would be this if we adopted the prop-
osition of the honorable member from Ver-
mont: he proposes that on the contingency of
the companies not making the roads within the
extended time the lands shall revert to the
United States. The two States would come
here again and ask that the lands be regranted
to those States in order that the roads m part
constructed should be completed, so that the
improvement,which it is the policy of the Uni-
ted States to provide for, shall be executed. I
should think that under these circumstances,
therefore, it would be useless to adopt such a
provision, and it would be contrary to the policy
which governed Congress in the first instance
when they granted the lands.
Mr. MORTON. As I before remarked, I
have no special interest in this matter; but I
have opposed from the first, and I shall con-
tinue to oppose, the system of granting away
the public domain to railroad companies. The
argument of my friend from Michigan and of
the Senatorfrom Maryland,whohasjustspoken,
misses the point entirely. It is not whether a
railroad shall be built through this vast waste
of unoccupied lands in northern Michigan, but
the question is this: this proviso allows the
State of Michigan to apply the lands to another
road between different points. If it be intended
that the new company to whom these lands are
to be given should construct the road between
the same points, why not say so? That is the
