THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
ation disregard this oath, but guided by con-
science and reason will, no doubt, each for
himself, render his verdict upon these charges
according to the law and the testimony, and
without bias from personal, political, or pop-
ular influence. This done we may disregard
personal consequences and leave our judgment
and conduct in this great historical trial to
the test of time.
HON.
OPINION
OF
ORRIS S.
FERRY.
Eleven articles of impeachment are preferred
by the House of Representatives against the
President of the United States.
The first, second, third, eighth, and eleventh
depend, wholly or in part, upon the validity and
construction of the act of March 2, 1807, '• reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices," and
will be considered together in a subsequent
portion of this opinion.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh charge
the commission of the offense technically
known as " conspiracy," either as defined by
statute or by common law. It is sufficient to
say, in regard to these articles, that the proof
does not sustain the charge. No testimony has
been adduced to show a " conspiracy " by the
President with any person other than Lorenzo
Thomas, and the evidence exhibited is sub-
stantially confined to the letter of authority of
February 21, 1868, signed by the former, and
the acceptance of the place of Secretary of War
ad interim by the latter. The conduct of Gen-
eral Thomas seems to have been influenced by
a mistaken idea of the obligation of military
obedience, (to which, indeed, the phraseology
of the letter of authority affords some counte-
nance.) while the President treats him as a
subordinate rather than as a confederate.
So. also, the proof fails to sustain the ninth
aiticle, which is based upon the conversation
between the President and General Einory on
the 22d of February, 18G8. The only evidence
before us is the testimony of General Emory
himself, which discloses the declaration by the
President of his opinion of the validity of an
act of Congress, but affords no reason to infer
that it was given as charged, " with intent
thereby to induce said Emory, as commander
ot' the department of Washington, to violate
the provisions of said act," &c.
The specifications of the tenth article, as to
the delivery of the speeches, are substantially
proved, but the legal conclusion, that thereby
'' said Andrew Johnson, President of tlip United
States, did commit and was then and there
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office," does not
result from the establishment of the truth of the
specifications. The speeches proved were cer-
tainly not indictable, either at common law or
by statute, nor were they in any sense acts of
official misconduct or omissions of official duty.
They were vain, foolish, vulgar, and unbecom-
ing, but the Constitution does not provide that
a Presidentmav be impeached for the exhibition
of these qualities.
Contenting myself with these observations
upon the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, ninth,
and tenth articles of impeachment, I find the
respondent not guilty upon each and all of
them.
The first, second, third, eighth, and eleventh
articles remain to be considered, and upon
these I am constrained to arrive at a different
result. I accept, preliminarily, the construc-
tion given by the Chief Justice to the eleventh
article:
" The gravamen of this articleseems to be tliat the
President attempted to defeat the execution of the
tenure-of-office act." * * * "Thesin-
gle substantive matter charged is the attempt to pre-
vent the execution of the tenure-of-office act." *
t * « " This single matter, connected with the
other matters, previously and subsequently alleged, is
charged a^ the high misdemeanor of which thcPresi-
dent is alleged to have been guilty. The general
gue?tioii, guilty or not guilty of a high misdemeanor
as ehaiged, seems fully to eoverthewhole charge."—
Hemarks of the Chief Justice, Impeachment Trial, p.
1236.
If an actual violation of the tenure-of-office
act is a.high misdemeanor, as declared by the
act itself, then, in my judgment, the attempt
to "defeat," to "prevent" the execution of
that act by the President of the United States,
charged with the whole responsibility of execu-
tive duty, is a high misdemeanor in office, for
whose commission the Constitution subjects
him to impeachment and removal from o(Bce.
With this preliminary statement I observe
that my opinion upon the second, third, eighth,
and eleventh articles arises out of and must
stand or fall with the opinion which I have
formed upon the first. The greater portion of
my remaining observations will therefore be
directed to that article.
The substantive charge in the first article is
the removal of Mr. Stanton, contrary to the
provisions of the tenure-of-office act. It is
true that the removal is alleged only indirectly,
but it is familiar law that the technicality of
an indictment is unnecessary in articles of im-
peachment. The first article states in detail
what the President did and the intent with
which it was done, namely, to violate the act;
and the facts stated constitute in effect an actual
removal, with which statement the evidence
also accords.
On the 21st of February, 1868, the President
sends written notice to Mr. Stanton stating to
him "you are hereby removed." On the same
day the President informs Lorenzo Thomas
that Mr. Stanton has "been thisday removed."
and appoints the Adjutant General Secretary
ad interim. The Secretary ad interim is in-
vited to take and does take his place as Secre-
tary of War in the Cabinet councils from that
day to the present; is recognized there as Sec-
retary by the President and Cabinet, and Mr.
Stanton is carefully excluded ; and finally, two
nominations of a permanent Secretary have
been sent to the Senate by the President " in
place of Edwin M. Stanton, removed." By
these acts the President must stand or fall;
according to them he is to be tried, and he
accepts the issue.
Was, then, the lemoval of Mr. Stanton a high
misdemeanor as charged ? The sixth section of
the tenure-of-office act is as follows:
"Every removal, appointment, or employment
made, had, or exercised contrary to the provisions
of this act, and the making, signing, sealing, coun-
tersigning. or issuing of any commission or letter of
authority for or m respect to any*such appointment
or employment shall be deemed, and are hereby de-
clared to be, high misdemeanors, ami upon trial and
conviction thereof every person guilty thereof shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or by
imprisonment not exceeding live years, or both said
punishments, in the discretion of the court."
If the statute is valid, and Mr. Stanton is
within its provisions, the character of the of-
fense would seem to be unmistakable.
The President denies its validity, asserting—
"That the Constitution of the United States con-
fers on him as part of the executive power, and as
one of the necessary means and instruments of per-
forming the executive duty expressly imposed upon
him by the Constitution, of taking care that the laws
be faithfully executed, the power at any and all times
of removing from oflice all executive officers for eauieto
be judged of by the President alone"—Answer to Arti-
cle -1.
Of course this claim would extend not only
to the act of March 2, 1807, but would sweep
from the statute-book every act fixing any
tenure of office except the pleasure of the Pres-
ident. The assertion of these extiaordinary
prerogatives rests upon the following words of
the Constitution :
" The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States ot America."
It is not pretended that there is a word in
the Constitution besides these that confers upon i
anybody the power of removal from office, ex- '
cept in cases of impeachment. It behooves us,
then, to inquire what is this " executive power' ,
which is " vested" in the President of the |
United States of America ? !
Executive powers differ in different nations. |
A Russian czar has executive power quite 1
unlike that of a British sovereign, and we have
hitherto supposed that of the latter to be equally
dissimilar to the authority of a republican
President. How, then, shall we measure the
executive function in the United States? Sim-
ply by the Constitution. Does that instrument'
expressly confer a power? We must submit.
Is it silent, and is it necessary to place the
power somewhere for the well-ordering of the
state? We must search the Constitution to
find the authority which is clothed with the
function of creating or designating the proper
depositary.
The Constitution is silent upon the power of
removal; but this is a power that may be need-
ful for the well-ordering of the State; and turn-
ing to the last clause of the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution we find the
authority given to Congress " to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution all powers vested by this
Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any Department or officer thereof.''
It would certainly seem too plain for argu-
ment that the "act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices " is within the very letter
of this constitutional authority. The judg-
ment of the Senate, three times definitely ex-
pressed, has been in conformity with these
views, and to that judgment I adhere.
The inquiry whether Mr. Stanton is within
the provisions of the law has been complicated
by the ingenuity of counsel, but, upon a fair
consideration of the act, presents little diffi-
culty. The first section is as follows:
" Every person holding any civil office to which ho
has been appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall here-
after be appointed to any such office, and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be.
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided.
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, ot the "Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney Gencx*al, shall hold their
officer respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
Jt is claimed that tire debates in Congress,
arid especially in the Senate, upon the passage
of the act, demand a construction which shall
exclude Mr. Stanton from its provisions. I
remark here that these debates should not be
confounded with what is termed "contempo-
raneous construction." 1 shall have occasion
to consider the latter in another place. The
debates may properly be examined in order to
ascertain the intent of the makers of the law.
I was not in Congress at the passage of the
act, and must consider it in its historic and
legal aspect. The counsel who opened the
case for the President very truly remarked,
(page 375, Impeachment Trial:)
" This law, as Senators very well know, had a pur-
pose; there was a practical object in the view of
Congress; and however clear ifc might seem that the
language of the law, when applied to Mr. Stanton's
case, would exclude that ease; however clear that
might seem 011 the mere words of the law, if the
purpose of the law could be discernert  and that pur-
pose plainly required a different interpretation, that
diffeient interpretation should be given."
What, now, was the practical object of this
law so far as it refers to Cabinet officers? I
think that no candid reader of the debates in
the House of Representatives can doubt that
that body intended to protect all the members
of Mr. Johnson's Cabinet against removal by
the President alone. Rightly or wrongly, they
felt that it would be safer for the countiy to
have the Departments in the hands of the ex-
isting Cabinet officers until the Senate should
consent to their removal. I think that it is
also evident that the Senate was willing to
leave with the President the power of remov-
ing all Cabinet officers as theretofore practiced.
Here the two Houses disagreed, and in the
bill as reported by the conference committee
there was a compromise. I think that the
House supposed that it had attained its object
by the bill as reported by the conference com-
mittee, by keeping in all the Cabinet officers
until one month after the close of the current
presidential term, unless the Senate should
sooner consent to their removal. I think that
the Senate supposed that it had gained its point
so far as the Secretaries appointed by Mr. Lin-
colu were concerned. I am thus.brought to
