1868.
THE OOISTG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
8583
Mr. LOGAN. Examine his report care-
fully and you will find what bank it is. I do
not wish to say what bank it is. These are
facts that anybody can ascertai n by examination.
A Member. Give us the name.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, if you want to know,
it is Jay Cooke & Co. Now, I say this man-
ner of doing business is not to the advantage
or the interest of the people of the country.
If the people can make four per cent, in agri-
cultural and mercantile business they are very
well satisfied. But the banking interest of the
country makes from twelve to eighteen per cent.
Tnen if you undertake to tax the banks you
raise a howl against it. I tell gentleman there
are other interests in this country than banking
institutions, and you will learn it soon if you
undertake to favor the banks to the detriment
of the people, who have to pay the taxes.
Now, sir, I do not desire to tax the hanks
out of existence by any means ; but I do desire
that they shall be taxed at a fair rate, so
as to equalize the burden of taxation. Now,
as to whether this portion of the bill was
brought in fairly under the resolution is not
the question before the House ; but the ques-
tion for us to determine is, is it right to tax
the banks in this way or is it not? The bill
came before the House properly, in my opinion,
and it' it is unsatisfactory to the House let us
amend it until it is satisfactory, and tax this
interest as wdl as others.
One word further. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler,] desires this bank-
ing provision to remain m the bill and to tax
United States bonds also, I say to him I am
now ready, and ever have been, to vote for
taxing the bonds. I am as willing as he or
anybody else to vote for that proposition. 1
am willing to vote for this amendment if it
will secure the object, though I do not think it
will, i am willing to vote to make it stronger.
I am ready to tax United States bonds. I
think this House ought to do it, and unless
they do it I think they will make a great mis-
take. This idea that because contracts are
made and money furnished to the Government
with the understanding that the bonds should
not be taxed is one which has no force in it
in my estimation. Let us see. Some people
have constitutional objections on this subject.
I have none. I think we have a right to tax
the bonds, both the interest and the principal,
for the purpose of maintaining the Govern-
ment. Entertaining these views, I am ready
to vote to maintain this proposition in the bill,
and to go further, if necessary, and vote for an
additional proposition for the taxation of bonds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts by inserting "three eighths" in place of
"onefourtb." Mr. Chairman, lholdiumyhand
a most instructive public document. It is the
answer of the Secretary of the Treasury to my
own resolution calling for a statement of the
deposits in the banks, the amount per month,
and the amount in each bank for seventeen con-
secutive months. We loaned the deposit banks
nearly thirty million dollars throughout the
whole period. Wenowloan them,it is said, an
average of not more than $23,000,000, Dutwe let
them have it in such sums that they can invest
the bulk of it in gold-bearing bonds, and while
holding them drawan average of from eight to
ten per cent, currency interest. Now, I propose
that they shall pay three eighths instead of one
fourth of one per cent, tax on these deposits.
1 turn to the report to which I have referred,
(Ex. Doc. No. 87,) and take one single bank
as an illustration. In the months of November
and December, 1866, and January, February,
and March, 1867, its deposits of public money
amounted in the first month to $2,806,638 19;
in the next, month to $6,155,801; in the next
to$l,685,619 89; in the nextto $2,601,092 26;
and in the next to $2,306,461 24. That bank
could have had about two million dollars of
this money invested during these five months
in six per cent, gold-bearing bonds. Now, I
ask whether it would have been a hardship
that it should give to the Government three
eighths of one per cent, a month of the interest
on its own money, the specific produce of its
own funds.
I request gentlemen to turn from month to
month in this official statement, and ascertain
the average deposit in the First National Bank
of Cincinnati, which, I think, ranged from eight
hundred thousand to a million dollars through
the seventeen months; turn to the First and
Fourth National Banks of New York, with
deposits ranging, if my memory serves me, at
about thesame figures. Tuin also to the First
National Bank of Philadelphia, where I think
the undisturbed balance ranged from fourtofive
hundred thousand dollars during all that long
period. Butwhypointto specialinstanceswhen
the whole report will well repay scrutiny? Itis
an official list of the corporate beneficiaries of
the Treasury, and abundantly illustrates the jus-
tice of my proposition. I propose by imposing
a tax of three eighths of one per cent, per
month on these deposits to compel the pet
banks to give back to the Government some
of the largesses that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is bestowing upon them. He has thus
given them millions of dollars in gold. And
in the name of justice and the people I demand
that we tax these deposits, if gentlemen will not
prohibit them by express statute. And let me
just here say a word on the question of taxing
bonds. Will it be wrong to tax bonds held
by banks with the money of the Government?
There is not a well-informed capitalist in the
country who does not know that Great Britain
always taxes investments of this kind, in some
instances the principal, and in others the in-
come derived therefrom. There is not an
intelligent bondholder in the country that does
not feel that while his amassed property is freed
from taxation, while it is proposed to make the
cigar-maker pay a license for the privilege of
following his trade, and the tea, sugar, coffee,
molasses, and other essentials of the life of
the laborer are taxed, his exemption is array-
ing the masses of the people against the owners
of realized riches, and the labor of the country
against its capital. There is not an intelligent
bondholder that will not feel relieved when you
shall have included his bonds in the taxable
property of the country, and have thus given
him a guarantee against a popular excitement
which might terminate in repudiation or a tem-
porary suspension of the payment of interest
and the depreciation of the value of his in-
vestments. 1 would do this, and increase the
tax on private deposits also. The banks are
to be ruined, say gentlemen. If they are so
sorely oppressed why do not some of them in
the'East, where they most abound, surrender
their charters, that the South and the West
may get the banking facilities they need? I
have not heard of one surrendering its charter.
More than fifty per cent, of the banking capital
of the country is located in New York and
New England, and no one corporation dreads
taxation, present or proposed, sufficiently to
induce it to yield its charter to escape oppres-
sion, or give banking facilities to the South
or West, which are suffering from the need of
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The first motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pomeroy] being to strike out the whole sec-
tion subsequent debate upon amendments may
or may not result in something, and although
it is not the regular order of proceeding, and
cannot be done except by unanimous consent,
I ask whether the committee will not be willing
first to take the question whether this bank
section is to stand or not, by having a vote upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
before we consume more time on questions of
amendment. 1 ask unanimous consent that
the vote be first taken as a test question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. PETERS. I object. If the amend-
ment should not be adopted in the House,
then the section could not be perfected.
The CHAIRMAN. It will beopen to amend-
ment afterward if it should not be stricken
out.
Mr. PETERS. The House may not eoncur
in striking it out.
The CHAIRMAN. If the committee requires
to strike it out it will be open to amendments
to perfect it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. But if the committee
strike it out there is an end of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the object of the chairman of the Committee
of W ays and Means to be to get a test vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. PETERS. I insist on the objection.
Mr. O'NEILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by my colleague from the fourth
district, [Mr. Kelley,] because, sir, I am in
favor of letting the banks alone. I am in favor
ofkeeping the law just as it is to-day, and I am
in favor of letting this national banking system
remain as it is, for I believe it is the best system
that has ever been inaugurated in this country.
I am not only opposed to the amendment, but
I shall vote to strike out the section, and I
hope the Committee of the Whole will not
sustain the great increase, over six million
dollars, proposed to be made to the now almost
ruinous taxation drawn from these institutions.
Why, what are we doing here to-day, and
what have we been doing for the last year or
two relative to banks? It seems to me that
Congress wants to destroy this banking system,
and all I have to say as to that is that if you
will look at the State banks, State bank sys-
tems which have gone down, you may trace
their destruction in a great degree to inordi-
nate legislation, such as this appears to be, by
those who are opposed to the banking interest
and to the facilities which it affords.
Now, Mr. Chairman, who are benefited by
banks ? To be sure there are large invest-
ments of capital in banking organizations;
that must be. But I cau tell you—1 suppose
it is known, and I do not state it for intorma-
tion, for every gentlemen present knows it
already, or should know it—there are in this
country something like two hundred and thirty
thousand stockholders in the national hanks.
Who compose that large number ? Not the
great capitalists of the country exclusively,
but the less wealthy men, those of moderate
means. And I have known within my expe-
rience when there has been a financial crisis,
and banks were shaking, the poorer men have
still, to a great extent, preserved their stock,
waiting for the time when the country would
become more flourishing, having confidence
that their investments would not be lost. It is
certainly true that money invested in bank
stock has been lost; but itis also true that
to this day many of these institutions ha3
stood the shock of monetary revulsions, and
that those who owned their stock have found
it yielding not only a profit, but have been
secured in their investments, when capital
placed in. individual enterprises has frequently
entirely disappeared.
There is invested in banks in this country
about four hundred and twenty million dol-
lars, or on an average some eighteen hundred
dollars to each stockholder, and yet complaint
is made by gentlemen on this floor that we are
legislating for the rich to the destruction of
the poorer classes of the community. Sir, we
are putting upon these banks and upon those
who are interested in them what they cannot
bear, thus not protecting the property of either
poor or rich men.
The chairman of the Committee on Banking
and Currency [Mr. Pomeroy] says that m his
own county the tax now paid by the banks
amounts to something like six or seven per
cent, on their capital. I understand that in
the city of New York the amount of tax, Gov-
ernment, State, and municipal, paid by the
banks, is from six to ten per cent., and I know-
that in the State which 1 in part represent no
city bank gets off with much less than six or
eight per cent., while in the rural districts the
taxes exacted of them will amount on an aver-
age to four or five per cent.
