3534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, June 26,
Now, in relation to the taxation of deposits
of public moneys, I find, by referring to sec-
tion forty-five of the act of June 3, 1864, that
it is not merely a privilege given such banks as
are designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
to be depositories of public money to have in
tlieir vaults the Government deposits, but cer-
tain duties to be performed are imposed upon
them as financial agents, and they are obliged
to receive at par all the national currency bills,
by whatever association issued, which have
been paid in to the Government for internal
revenue or for loans or stocks.
Why should we double the present tax upon
the money deposited by individuals, making it
one per cent, per annum instead of one half
ol'one per cent., as now? And why should the
circulation be taxed two per cent, per annum
when, under the existing laws, the tax is but
one per cent. ?
The answer to me seems plain. There is a
determination, under the plea of more revenue
wanted, to distress these institutions, to take
from them the means of carrying on a paying
business for their stockholders, to put obstacles
ni the way of their success, and in the end, now
that the time for coming to the aid of the Gov-
ernment when temporarily in want of funds has
passed, to create distrust in them, to shake con-
lidence in them, and thus bring them to ruin.
1 say again, let them alone, lu general busi-
ness transactions they are useful. They con-
not easily violate the laws under which they
are organized, and so long as they are accom-
modating the people and are carVied on legiti-
mately let them alone.
In regard to taxing the interest on Govern-
ment bonds, that question has not come up
regularly to-day. it was not in order when
introduced by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike.] But still it has been brought into the
discussion. Now, wherever we have lawfully
a right to tax anything, let us do so if there be
necessity for it. But first let us see that we
have the authority. Our duty is to carry out in
lull faith the promises of the Government to
its creditors, and not hastily and without proper
consideration and reflection to impose a tax
where, by common consent and a fair under-
standing, perhaps, the subscriber to our loans
took them iu the belief that his coupons or
interest were not to be taxed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. K.ELLEY. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment; let it be voted upon and
disposed of, so that other amendments may be
offered.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Kelley, and it was not
agreed to.
Mi-. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
this section by reducing the rates of taxation
proposed by it one half in all cases. This bill
rests upon a most peculiar theory. Itdoes not
rest upon a theory of the Committee of Ways
and Means, for it is the result of the action of
this House. But the theory of the bill is this:
that wherever you find an interest in the hands
of men who are disposed to defraud the Gov-
ernment, and who lefuse to pay the taxes lev-
ied upon them, then you must reduce their rate
of taxation. But wherever you find an interest
iu the hands of men who pay their taxesfully, by
whom the Government loses nothing, then you
must increase their rate of taxation. You must
relieve the scoundrel and put an additional tax
upon the honest man. 'That is the theory upon
which this bill is based. For weeks we have bad
discussions here denouncing the men engaged
in the whisky frauds and in the tobacco frauds.
And this bill relieves to a great extent those
two interests of the taxation heretofore im-
posed upon them, and proposes to make up a
part of the loss resulting thereby by putting
u burdensome and ruinous tax upon probably
the only interest in the country that pays every
farthing of the tax imposed upon it.
Now, suppose this proposed increase of tax-
ation is imposed upon the national banks.
Then the aggregate amount to be collected of
those institutions by the local authorities and
under Federal legislation will be $25,000,000
per annum, one twelfth of the entire amount
of capital represented by the circulation of the
banks, or eight and one third per cent, per
annum tax on the entire capital so represented.
Now, in addition to that tax of eight and one
third per cent, it will cost say three per cent,
to meet the expenses of the banks. Then you
have eleven and one third per cent, to begin
with. I suppose gentlemen will not object to
a bank declaring annual dividends of six per
cent. If they do that, you have as the amount
they must necessarily earn, without takinginto
account any losses, seventeen and one third
per cent, upon their entire capital; that is the
amount which by your legislation you compel
these banks to earn. Does not every man
here know that a system of legislation which
drives the banking institutions of the country
into a line of business compelling them, with-
out taking account of losses, to earn seventeen
and one third per cent, in ordinary times is a
system which will bring disaster and ruin upon
the whole banking interest of the country?
Does any man believe that any banking sys-
tem, whether national or State, can exist in
this country, upon which a burden so onerous
as that is placed?
But we are told that some banks are making
enormous dividends, and we are also told that
these banks are making enormous profits out
of Government deposits, and two cases have
been cited by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] in support of that statement.
Now, that statement may be true. But does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania propose to
test the whole system and condemn every bank
because the Secretary of the Treasury or some-
body else may have made pets of two or three
of these institutions ill the country? Is the
system to go under because an abuse of that
kind may be found in the administration of the
law ?
Mr. KELLEY. Can the Secretary of the
Treasury compel a bank to receive Govern-
ment funds oil deposit?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not care what
he can or cannot do. 1 am informed that these
banks are compelled to receive the Govern-
ment funds on deposit, when selected for that
purpose. But be that as it may, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania cited those two -cases
for the purpose of basing an argument upon
them in support of this proposition. I object,
to having a general system run down by a few
isolated cases of wrong that may be found in
the administration of the law by the Secretary
of the Treasury. Now, I object to this unpar-
alleled legislation on the part of Congress,
which must lead in a short time to the utter
destruction of the present system of banking
in this country. If it is followed up it must
necessarily drive the banking business into the
hands of private bankers, without there being
any organized banking institutions under the
laws ot the States of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I have an amendment I
desire to offer, and unless some gentleman
desires to be heard in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] I hope the vote will be taken upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend section one
hundred and eight by inserting, after the clause
imposing a tax on deposits, the following:
But no bank shall be obliged to receive the deposits
of public moneys.
If I understand the provisions of this section,
a tax of three per cent, per annum is imposed
on all public moneys deposited in these banks.
Now, from my connection, as a director, with
a national bank in my State, I know that these
deposits are not worth to the bank one per
cent, per annum.
Mr. INGERSOLL. To what bank does the
gentleman refer?
Mr. PETERS. To the First National Bank
of Bangor, Maine. These deposits are received
in driblets, and are drawn by the Government
in large sums, and without notice. If I under-
stand the provision of the present law, it is
mandatory upon the bank; it requires any
national bank which maybe selected as a pub-
lic depository to receive these deposits. I do
not think there can be any objection to my
amendment, and, therefore, I will say no more
in favor, of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct a statement he has made ?
Mr. PETERS. Yes; if I have made any
which needs correction.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I find, upon examina-
tion, that the amount of Government deposits
in the First National Bank of Bangor run from
forty-seven thousand to sixty-one thousand
dollars ; the'Iowest point being $27,000.
Mr. PETERS. I suppose that the gentle-
man will allow that I know as much about
the matter as he does, or any statement he
has got.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Secretary of the
Treasury says so.
Mr. PETERS. I do not care who says so ;
I think I understand what I am saying. As
the Government draws these deposits without
any noticc, sometimes drawing the whole
amount of the balance, or even overdrawing
it, the matter is not regarded as worth anything
to the banks, and the idea that these banks
shall be compelled to receive these deposits
whether they desire them or not, and be re-
quired to pay a high rate of interest upon them,
I do not think is of any advantage to them.
Mr. PRUYN. No bank is now compelled
to receive these deposits.
Mr. PETERS. There may be a doubt about
the construction of the law. My construction
is that the banks are compelled to receive these
deposits. At least the law is doubtful, and my
amendment will make it certain. I ask the
Clerk to read section forty-five of the currency
act.
The Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 45. All associations under this act, when des-
ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall bo depositories of public money, ex-
cept receipts from customs, under such regulations
as may be prescribed by iheSecrctary; and they may
also be employed as financial agents of the Govern-
ment; and they shall perform all such reasonable
duties, as depositories ofpublic money and financial
agents of the Government, as may be required of
them. And the Secretary of the Treasury shall re-
quire of the associations thus designated satisfactory
security, by the deposit of United States bonds and
otherwise, for the sate keeping and prompt payment
of the public money deposited with them, and for
the faithful performance of their duties as financial
agents of the Government: Provided, That every
association which shall be selected and designated as
receiver or depository of the public money shall take
and receive at par allof the national currency bills, by
whatever association issued, which have been paid
into the Governmentior internal revenue, as for loans
on stocks.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that all further debate on this section be term-
inated in five minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to state that the
figures I gave in reference to the Bangor na-
tional bank were for 1866. I find on examina-
tion the deposits in 1867 were only $15,000.
Mr. PETERS. And they were worthless to
the bank.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish, before debate is
closed, to explain two amendments I have to
offer.
Mr. BARNES. Is it intended to close debate
on all the subjects of the section?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARNES. Then I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that thg Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, had, pursuant to the
order of the House, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
