THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The provisions of the Constitution.applicable
to rhe question are very few. They are as fol-
lows :
Article 11, Section 1. "The executive power shall
bo ve.ited in a President of the United States of
Amcriofi.
" Akp. 11, Sec. 2. He[thePresident]" * * * *
"shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall bo established bylaw."
Same section :
" The President shall have power to fill up all vacan-
cies that may happen during the recess of the Senate
by granting commissions which shall expire at the
end. of their next session.
" Akt. 11, Sec. 4. The President, Vice President, and
all civil officers of theUnitedStates shall be removed
from office on impeachment for and conviction of
treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misde-
meanors."
The whole question of removals from office
caroe under the consideration of the E'irst Con-
gress assembled after the adoption of the Con-
stitution and was much discussed by the able
men of that day, among whom were several who
took a prominent part in framing that instru-
ment. It was noticed by them that the only
provision which touched in express terms
upon the subject of removals from office was
found in the clause which related to impeach-
ment ; and it was contended that, consequently,
there was no other mode of removal. This
idea, however, found no favor at the time, and
seems never since to have been entertained.
It is quite obvious that as such a construction
would lead to a life tenure of office, a suppo-
sition at war with the nature of our Govern-
ment, and must of necessity involve insuper-
able difficulties in the conduct of affairs it could
not be entertained.
But it was equally obvious that a power of
removal must be found somewhere, and as it
was not expressly given except in the impeach-
ment clause, it must exist among the implied
powers of the Constitution. It was conceded
by all to be in 'its nature an executive power;
and while some, and among them Mr. Madi-
son, contended that it belonged to the Presi-
dent alone, because he alone was vested with
the executive power, and, from the nature of
his obligations to execute the law and to defend
the Constitution, ought to have the control of
his subordinates, others thought that as he could
only appoint officers "by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate'' the same advice
and consent should be required to authorize
their removal. The first of these constructions
finally prevailed, as those who have read the
debates of that period well know. This was
understood and avowed at the time to be a
legislative construction of the Constitution, by
which the power of removal from office was
recognized as exclusively vested in the Presi-
dent. Whether right or wrong, wise or un-
wise, such was the decision, and several laws
were immediately enacted in terms recogniz-
ing this construction of the Constitution.
The debate referred to arose upon a bill for
establishing what is known as the Department
of State. And in accordancc with the decision
of that First Congress the right and power of
the President to remove the chief officer of
that Department expressly recognized in the
second section, as follows:
".Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. That there shall
be in the said Depnrfmont an interiorofficor,"itc., '
i ■- '■ "who, whenever the vaid principal ot/l-
eer ihaH be removed from nt/tee htj the President of the
United States, or in any other case of vacancy, shall,
during such vacancy, have the charge," tfce.—Aet
<tpvroved July 27,17t>D.
The same provision is found in totidim ver-
bis in the act establishing the Department of
War. approved August 7,^ 1789: and terms
equally definite are found in the aet to estab-
lish the Treasury Department, approved Sep-
tember 2, 1789. These several acts have con-
tinuedinforcetothepresentday; and although
the correctness of the legislative construction
then established has more than once been
questioned by eminent statesmen since that
early period, vot it has been uniformly recog-
nized in practice, so long and so uniformly as
to give it the force of constitutional authority.
A striking illustration of this practical con-
struction arose in the administration of John
Adams, who, when the Senate was in session,
removed Mr. Pickering from the office of Sec-
retary of State without asking the advice and
consent of the Senate, nominating to that body
for appointment on the same day John Mar-
shall, in the place of Timothy Pickering, re-
moved. No question seems to have been made
at the time of this exercise of power. The
form of all commissions issued to the heads of
Departments, and to other officers whose tenure
was not limited by statute, has been " during
the pleasure of the President for the time
being." And the right to remove has been
exercised without restraint, as well upon offi-
cers who were appointed for a definite term as
upon those who held during the pleasure of
the President.
It has been argued (hat even if this right of
removal by the President may be supposed to
exist during the recess of the Senate, it is
otherwise when that body is in session. I am
unable to perceive the grounds of this distinc-
tion, or to find any proof that it has been re-
cognized in practice. The Constitution makes
no such distinction, asit says nothing of removal
in either of the clauses making distinct provis-
ions for appointment iti recess and during the
session. Probably this idea had its origin in
the fact that in recess the President could ap-
point for a definiLe period without the advice
and consent of the Senate, while in the other
case no appointment could be made without
that advice and consent. It has been uniformly
held that a vacancy occurring in time of a
session can only be filled during session by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
cannot be lawfully filled during recess. But
I am not aware that the President's power of
removal during the session has ever been seri-
ously questioned while I have been a member
of the Senate. The custom has undoubtedly
been to make the nomination of a succcssor
the first step in a removal, so that the two acts
were substantially one and the same. But
instances have not nnfrequently occurred dur-
ing session where the President thought it
proper to remove an officer at once, before
sending the name of his successor to the Sen-
ate. And during my time of service previous
to the passage of the act of March 2, 1807, I
never heard his right to do so seriously ques-
tioned. The passage of that act is, indeed, in
itself an admission that such were understood
to be the law and the practice.
I will not attempt to discuss the question
here whether the construction of the Constitu-
tion thus early adopted is sound or unsound.
Probably it wasthoughtthat while the restrain-
ing power of the Senate over appointments
was a sufficient protection against the danger
of executive usurpation from this source, the
President's responsibility for the execution of
the laws required a prompt and vigorous check
upon his subordinates. J udgingfrom the short
experience wo have had under the act of March
2, 1867, the supervising power of the Senate
over removals is poorly calculated to secure a
prompt and vigorous correction of abuses in
office, especially upon the modern claim that
where offices a,re ot' a local character the repre-
sentative has a right to designate the officer ;
under which claim this branch of executive
authority, instead of being lodged where the
Constitution placed it, passes to one of the
legislative branches of the Government.
Such as I have described was the legislative
construction of the Constitution on the subject
of removals from office, and the practice under
it, and such was tho statute establishing the
Department of War, distinctly recognizing the
President's power to remove the principal offi-
cer of that Department at pleasure, down to
the passage of the act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices, which became a law March
2, 18(57. Although that act did not receive my
vote originally, 1 did vote to overrule the Presi-
dent's veto, becausc I was not then, and am
not now,-convinced of its unconstitutionality^
although I did doubt its expediency, and feared
that it would be productive of more-evil than
good. This is not the occasion, however, to
criticise the act itself. The proper inquiry is,
whether the President, in removing, orattempt-
ing to remove, Mr. Stanton from the office of
Secretary of War, violated its provisions; or,
in other words, whether, if the President had
a legal right to remove Mr. Stanton-before the
passage of that act, as I think he cle.arly had,
he was depiived of that right by the terms of
the act itself. The answer to this question
must depend upon the legal construction of
the first section, which reads as follows",
namely :
" Be it enacted, That every person holding any
civil office, to which he has been appointed by and
with the advicc and consent of the Senate, and every
person who shall hereatter be appointed to any such
office, and shall become duly qualified to act therein,
is, and shall be, entitled to hold such office until a
succcssor shall have been in like manner appointed
and duly qualified, except as herein othei-wise pro-
vided : Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of
the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Inte-
rim', tho Postmaster General, and the Attorney Grcn-
eial, shall hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the President by whom they may have
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate."
In considering how far these provisions apply
to the case of Mr. Stanton, the state of existing
facts must be carefully borne in mind.
Mr. Stanton was appointed by President Lin-
coln during his first term, which expired on
the 4th of March, A. D. 18QC>. By the terms
of his commission he was to hold during tho
pleasure of the President for the time being."
President Lincoln took the oath of office, and
commenced his second term on the same 4th
day of March, and expired on the loth day of
the succeeding April. Mr. Johnson took the
oath of office as President on the day of the
death of President Lincoln. Mr. Stanton was
not appointed Secretary of War by either, but
continued to hold under his original commis-
sion, not having been removed. How, under
these circumstances, did tho act of March 2,
18<>", affect him ?
A preliminary question as to the character
under which Mr. Johnson administered the
office of President is worthy of consideration,
and may have a material bearing.
The fifth clause of section one, article eleven,
ofthe Constitution, provides as follows,namely:
"In case of tho removal of the President from
office, or of his death, resignation, or inability to
discharge the powers and duties of the said office, the
same shall devolve upon the Vice President."
What shall devolve upon the Vice President ?
The powers and duties of the office simply, or
the office itself? Some light is thrown upon
this question by the remainder of the same
clause, malting provision for the death, &c.,
of both the President and Vice President, en-
abling Congress to provide by law for such a
contingency, as to declare " what officer shall
act as 1'resident,'' and that such officer shall
act accordingly"—a very striking change of
phraseology. The question has, however, in
two previous instances, received a practical
construction. In the case of Mr. Tyler, and
again in that of Mr. Fillmore, the Vice Presi-
dent took the oath as President, assumed the
name and designation, and was recognized as
constitutionally President of the United States,
with the universal assent and consent of the na-
tion. Each '.v:ifully recognized and acknowl-
edged to be President, as fully and completely,
and to all intents, as if elected to that office.
Mr. J olniouti then becama President. Did
he have a term of office ? Was he merely tho
tenant or holder of the term of another, and
that other his predecessor. President Lincoln?
Did Mr. Lincoln's term continue after his
death, as has been argued? It is quite mani-
fest that two persons cannot lie said to have
one and the same term of the Presidency at
the same time. If it was Mr. Lincoln's term,
it was not Mr. Johnson's. If it, was Mr. John-
son's. it was not Mr. Lincoln's. If Mr. John-
son had no term, when do the Secretaries
appointed by him go out of office, uiider the
