1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3535
and to amend the tax on banks, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and pending that
motion I move that all debate on the pending
section of the tax bill be closed in ten minutes
after its consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Say five
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ten minutes is not too
much.
The motion wag agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in order to move in
the House that the vote in committee shall be
first on striking out the section? If that is
carried it saves all necessity to debate and vote
on amendments to the section.
The SPEAKER. The rules require the first
vote shall be on perfecting the section and then
on striking out; and as it would be an amend-
ment of the rules it must lie over for one day.
roderick r. butler.
Mr. BROOMALL. Before going into com-
mittee I move that Mr. Butler, of Tennessee,
besvvornin. Thebillin his case has passed and
been signed by the President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a copy of the
law, and Mr. Bcti,er can now present himself
and be sworn in.
Mr. Roderick R. Botler, of Tennessee,
then appeared and was sworn in, taking, as the
law provided, the following oath:
I, Roderick It. Butler, do solemnly swear tliatlwill
support and defend the Constitution of the United
States againstall enemies,foreign anddomestic; that
I will bear true faith and allegiance to thesamc; that
I take this obligation freely, without any mental reser-
vation or purposeof evasion, and that X will faithfully
discharge theduties of the office on which I am about
to eater: so help me God.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now insist upon the reg-
ular order of business.
The House, under the order heretofore made,
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pomeroy] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. POMEROY. What Ipreviouslystated,
Mr. Chairman, was in reference to striking out
the section. I wish now to propose for the
consideration of the committee one or two
amendments which I think ought to be adopted.
One is to strike out one fourth and insert one
twelfth as the monthly tax on Government
deposits, leaving it just as it is under the pres-
ent law. The whole amount of Government
deposits in all the banks, according to the last
quarterly statement, is only some twenty-seven
million dollars. The amount of individual
deposits is $528,000,000. Now, I will not
stop to argue before any body of sensible men
the practicability or even the possibility of any
country bank in the United States buying five-
twenty bonds at 114 or 115 to deposit as secur-
ity, and then receiving deposits of money
from the Government at three per cent, pay-
able on call.
My next amendment is to strike out one sixth
and insert one twelfth as the tax on circulation,
leaving it the same as the law now stands.
Now, what is the effect of this section as it
* stands ? It is a deadly blow at the country
banks and in the interest of the city banks,
■which hold the great mass of the deposits, and
which have been making the largest dividends
that have been made during the last three or
four years. You ask the country banks to pay
two per cent, on their circulation. The whole
amount of circulation, according to the last
quarterly statement, was $295,000,000. Ihc
amount of deposits was almost six hundred
million. Now, I propose to leave the tax on
the circulation standing where it is. It the
Committee of Ways and Means want to hold
this tax on deposits they may hold it. The
effect of it will be to increase the tax on the
banks $2,043,000. I ask, in behalf of the
small banks scattered through the country,
that this House shall pause and consider be-
fore the tax of two per cent, is placed on their
circulation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I am not prepared to
say that the banks in the large cities would not
bear an increased tax, but I am certain the
banks in the country will not. According to
the best calculation that can be made, the
national, State, and local taxes upon these
banks amount already to full six per cent, on
their entire capital. An increase of tax upon
the country banks will lead to the extension
of an evil to which I wish to call the attention
of the committee. It is already pressing hard
upon the interest of the customers of the coun-
try banks. It is this: by the law as it now
stands banks are allowed to pay interest upon
deposits. Now, as money is worth more in
the cities than the people of the country can
afford to give for it, the result is, in order to
keep up their present dividends, the country
banks are obliged to loan to the city banks at
such rate as they can get moneys that should
go to the benefit of their country customers.
Now, 1 want to have this evil broken up alto-
gether by abolishing the law which allows any
bank to pay interest on deposits.
One word with reference to the national
deposits. I can corroborate the statement of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] as to
the profit on these deposits in the country
banks. The First National Bank of Chester,
Pennsylvania, was at one time a Government
depository. After about a year's experience,
in which no interest was paid on those deposits
at all, instead of three per cent., as is now pro-
posed, that bank was compelled to give up the
Government deposits, because they were worth
nothing to it. How much more would this be
the case if a tax of three per cent, is put upon
them? You would destroy all the public de-
positories in the country, and force all the
receivers of public moneys to take their moneys
to the great cities. It is a measure in the
interest of the great cities and against the coun-
try, and I do not wonder that my colleague
from the city of Philadelphia who first spoke
[Mr. Kelley] should favor it. But for the
very reason that he should be in favor of it, I,
as the Representative of a country constituency,
will oppose it. I want to keep the money
where it belongs, in the banks of the neighbor-
hood, for the benefit of the country customers
of the banks, and not compel them, for the
purpose of relieving themselves of this enor-
mous load, to carry it all to the great cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I simply desire to say that if this section
is not stricken out there will be an amend-
ment offered which will be the present banking
law, taxing as it now stands, with the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
to tax the interest on the bonds ten per cent,
added.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is now closed
on the section by order of the HouSe.
The question was first on the amendment of
Mr. Peters ; and being put, the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on striking out the
clause as amended, as follows:
And a tax of one fourth of one per cent, each
month on the average amountof all deposits of public
money in their possession to the credit of the Treas-
urer or any disbursing officer of the United States,
but no bank shall be obliged to receive deposits of
public moneys.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
58, noes 48.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Pomeroy
and Ingersoll were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 60.
So the amendment was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
At this point the committee rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
a message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (II. R. No. 650) to amend the
act of 3d March, 1865, providing for the con-
struction of certain wagon-roads in Dakota
Territory, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 558) to pay Stephen G. Mon-
tana, a citizen of Peru, an unpaid balance of
money awarded to him by the mixed commis-
sion authorized by the convention of j
12, 1863, between the United States and Peru ;
A bill (S. No. 478) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of the Sisseton, War-
peton, Medawakonton, and Warpekute bands
of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for the dispo-
sition of their lands in Minnesota and Dakota,"
approved March 3, 1863 ;
A bill (S. No. 394) to provide for the removal
of the Center market, in the city of Washing-
ton, and for the erection of a market building,
in a more suitable locality;
A bill (S. No. 569) granting relief to Lois
Clark ;
A bill (S. No. 398) extending the Portage
lake and Lake Superior ship canal to Kewee-
naw bay, providing for the right of way, and
making a grant of lands to aid in the continu-
ance of said extension; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) in rela-
tion to the Maquokita river, in the State of
Iowa.
The message further announced that tho
Senate had indefinitely postponed bills of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (II. R. No. 1282) authorizing certain
banks named therein tochange their names : an 1
A bill (H. R. No. 1035) authorizing the
Manufacturer's National Bank of New York to
change its location.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) donating
certain captured ordnance for the completion
of a monument to the memory of the late
Major General John Sedgwick; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 143) for the relief
of George W. Doty, a commander in the United
States Navy on the retired list.
internal tax bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Blaine in the chair) then
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1281) to change and more effectually -secure
j the collection of internal taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and to amend the tax on
banks.
The pending section was section one hundred
and eight, in relation to the tax on banks.
Mr. RAUM. I move to amend this section
by inserting the words " exceeding §25,000"
before the words " of all deposits of public
money;" so that portion of the section will
read:
A tax of one fourth of one per cent, each month on
the average amount exceeding $25,000 of alt deposits
of public money in their possession to the credit of
the Treasurer or any disbursing officer of the United
States.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Raum ; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes 51, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BARNES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Barnes and
Mr. Raum were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes seventy-two,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
