1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
was a somewhat difficult matter to decide upon,
but after careful consideration the mode pre-
scribedin the bill was adopted by the committee.
Now, in reply to the suggestion made by the
Senator from New York, I will say that the
existing evil is that no notice is given at all.
The notice provided by the bill is certainly
better than no notice whatever, and, a notice
published in one of the newspapers in the city
of Washington, where the attorneys and agents
of the parties interested in patents to a consid-
erable extent reside and do business, would
probably attract the attention of those attorneys
or agents, and the designation of the State may
be safely left to the party preferring his peti-
tion, in the belief that he will select such Stale
and such newspaper as will entitle him to be
heard upon his petition when he presents him-
self before the committee. The amendment is
nugatory, beeausc the petition is prepared before
Congress meets, and the designation of notice
is not intended by the bill to be made after the
petition has been presented to Congress, but
before. I hope that the Senator from Rhode
Island will withdraw his amendment and let
the bill pass as it, now stands.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ccrtainly will. I merely
presented it to meet the objection of the Sen-
ator from New York. It did not strike me as
at all necessary.
The PllESlDENTjiro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as it was ob-
vious that this bill was loading to great debate,
and needed further consideration, and it is
quite important that the measure I have alluded
to, which is one of general importance, con-
stitutional importance, should be acted upon,
I moved to postpone this and take up that. I
hope Senators will consent to lei this go over.
Mr. WILLEY. I think we are just about to
take the vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I think I have a little claim
on the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the consideration of this bill
for the purpose of taking up the bill mentioned
by liim.
Mr. WII<LEY. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his motion and let us vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the appeal of my
friend from West Virginia 1 withdraw the mo-
tion, with the hope that we can get a vote on
this bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLEY. I am under obligation, if
there is any further discussion, to let the bill
go over.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then I will not discuss
it. There is but one word that I desire to say
on the subject under consideration. I concur
with the Senator from West Virginia in favor-
ing the passage of this bill, not, however, for
the reasons be has given, but that it will require
of applicants for renewals of patents additional
expenses in procuring them, bccause it is my
experience in this matter of appropriations for
patents and extensions of patents and procur-
ing them, that there are more men made crazy
in employing their brains 011 this subject than
any other that I know of.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 159—which was under consideration yes-
terday—being a bill relating to the Western
Pacific railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to my friend
from California and to the Senate whether it is
not more important to take up the bill on the
s ibjeet of the proper method of presenting
bills to the President of the United States when
two or three are supposed to have been lost
already on account of the doubt about it, and
have that acted upon, than it is to take up this
local bill about this railroad? Witk-out any
opposition to the bill, because T do not under-
stand what if. is, I ask that the Senate may
refuse to take it np in order that wc may take
up the other bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CONNESS. For more than a month
this bill has been reported, and 1 have waited
with some anxiety for its consideration. It is
not of local but of general importance. It is
of universal importance to this country, and I
am a little surprised that my friend antagonizes
it this morning with a bill that he knows we
can come to the consideration of at a further
advanced period of the day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have been trying time
after time to get up the bill which I have indi-
cated.
Mr. CONNESS. I will join my honorable
friend in calling it up at any time, but I hope
the Senate will now take up the bill which I
have moved to take up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill, (S. No. 159,) the
question being on the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, to
strike out after the word "that," in the third
line of the bill, the following words:
Tho Western Pacifio Railroad Company be, and is
hereby, authorized to locato tho western terminus
of its raihoad and telegraph lines atYeiba Luena
Island, in the liny of San Francisco, and'lor such
purpose there is hereby granted to tho said company,
its successors and assigns, such portion of the said
island ay shall not bo required and selected within
0110 year from tho passage of this act for tho purpose
of fortifications, by authority of tho President of the
United States!.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Tho Western Pacific lluilroad Company of Califor-
nia be, and is hereby, permitted to occupy lor tho
purposes of a depot, storehouses, and other necessary
fixtures so much of tho island known as Yerba Luena
01 Goat Island, in the Lay of San .Francisco, Califor-
nia, as ma>. within one yearfiom the time this act
shall take effect, be designated by the General of tho
Army of the United States, with tho approval of the
Secretary of War, as not boing required in time of
peace for military purposes; which privilege shall,
however, be suspended whenever the United States
shall be engaged in war or in imminent danger
theiuof, and notice of such determination shall be
given to said company, its successors or assigns, by
tho Secretary of War, with the approval of the Pres-
ident. And in case of such suspension of said priv-
ilege it shall be the right of the United States to tako
possessiou of the part of said island subject, to said
privilege, together with all buildings and other fix-
tures eiected thereon l>y said company, and to oc-
cupy and use the same lor military purposes during
the war, and so long thereafter as shall be deemed
necessary by the Secretary of War, with tho like ap-
proval ; and the United States shall pay to said com-
pany, their successors or assigns, such sum as may be
reasonably duo for such use and occupation thereof.
Mr. HOWARD. I have to suggest a verbal
amendment of this amendment, to strike out
in line twenty-one the word "determination"
and insert " suspension.1' Itisa clerical error
in copying.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made if there be 110 objection.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MOUPJLL, of Maine. I should like
to hear some statement of this bill from the
chairman of the committee who reports it, ex-
actly what rights it conveys and what public
rights are affected by it in his judgment, if any.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not in my seat yes-
terday when this bill was under discussion, and
therefore had not an opportunity to make any
explanation. The bill was referred originally
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
by them considered at gieat lengLh, and, I
think, very carefully. They reported it back
to the Senate with the amendment which has
just been acted upon.
Without going into details, I will take tho
liberty of saying that the committee investi-
gated the title of Goat Island thoroughly, and
they came to the conclusion, without any doubt '!
or hesitation, that the title of the island is in
the United States, and that no private person <j
is entitled to any portion of the island or has '!
any valid claim upon it. It is desirable that j,
the Pacific railroad should have a terminus at l!
some place as near the city of San Francisco
as practicable. The object of this bill is to fur-
nish that terminus, to enable the company to
establish their depot at their terminus upon
this little island, which is in the bay of San
Francisco, directly east of the city of San
Francisco, and midway between that city and
the little town of Oakland, which is 011 the
main shore on the east side of the bay. In
ordef to occupy the island the company will
find it necessary, of course, to make an erection
extending from the main shore across to the
island, supported, probably, upon piles. The
bill, as originally introduced into the Senate,
contemplated a cession of a certain portion of
the island in fee simple to this company. The
committee did not agree to that idea. They
thought it not best to part with the title to any
portion of the island, but simply give to this
company the privilege of occupying such por-
tion of the island as the Secretary of War and
the General of the Army should not deem
necessary for military purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In time of peace.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes; in time of peace.
In time of war the right is retained in the Gov-
ernment to take possession of the whole island
and of all the buildings that the company may
erect upon the island for military purposes, and
to use them as such nntil the determination of
the war or such further period as may seem to
be necessary to the military authorities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Paying for the use and
occupation.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, paying them simply
for the use and occupation of their buildings.
This arrangement will prevent forever all specu-
lation in lots and trafficking of that kind, and
confine the privilege simply and solely to the
use of the island for the purpose of a depot and
nothing else.
I corresponded with the Department of the
Interior respecting the title of this island in the
month of January last, and by the indulgence
of the Senate I will read a brief note:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, January 25,-1868.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry of yesterday's date,
I have the honor to state, in regard to the condition
of tho island of YerbaBuena, or Goat Island, in San
Francisco bay, as follows:
Tlie island of Yerba Luena was reserved by the
President October 12, I860, for military purposes, as
an exception from tho relinquishmentof lands to tho
city of San Francisco, under the 5th section of the
act of Congress, approved July 1,1864. (Statutes-at-
larsce, volume 13, page 333.)
Tho plat of tho exterior limits of San Francisco con-
templated by tho aforesaid act to bo returned to this
office by the surveyor general, has not been filed
here.
1 inclose herewith copy of letter from the Secretary
of War to the President, dated October 6,1868, on the
subject of tho Yerba Buena island reservation, with
the President's order indorsed thereon, bearing date
October 12, 11,(>G. _
I have tlje honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
JOS. S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. 0T. M. Howard. Chairman Committee on Pacific
IZailroud, United States Senate.
The inclosure is a copy of a letter from the
War Department to the President:
War Department,
Washington CiTy, October (3,1866.
_ Sir : I have the honor to request thatXeiba Buena
island may be designated as an exception to the
relinquishment of land to the city of San Francisco,
California, which was authorized by the act of Con-
gress approved July 1,1861. The island being of im-
portancetor defensive purposes, has been surveyed
by the (government, and batteries have been pro-
jected fur its occupation. It is the opinion of the
United States district attorney for the northern dis-
tnet of California that, while the act above cited
transfers Yerba Luena to the city of San Francisco,
it yet clearly gives to the Government the right to
securc the property and except it from the transfer,
at any time within one year after a certain plot shall
haye been deposited in the General Land Office, by
thojoilowing provision, being part of the act itself:
' ihere being excepted fiom this relinquishment
and grant all sites or other parcels of lands which
have been or now are occupied by the United States
lor military, naval, orother public nso«, or such other
sites or parcels as may hereafter be designated bv the
1 reMdent of tho United States within one year alter
the rendition to the General Land OlBoebythe sur-
veyor general of any approved platot the exterior
hraits of San irancisco, as recognized in this section
in connection with tho lines of tho public suiveys "
It has been ascertained that the plot thus referred
