2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May :il|
same purpose of constructing a road between
these same termini. I do not think there can
be any objection to that; and if the Senator
will be kind enough to suggest such words as
will be appropriate to that, I shall be glad;
if he does not, I shall endeavor to do it my-
self, but the Senator can do it a great deal
better.
Mr. HOWE. I will say to the honorable
Senator from New York that I have been more
or less familiar with statutes for a good many
years, and in all that time I have never dis-
covered any words that cannot be criticised,
and therefore I should not like to undertake
myself the task that he proposes, and I should
ask him as a particular favor that he would not
attempt it. But if the Senate are dissatisfied
with this language, and if the Senate think that
under this amendment the State of Michigan
could take this grant and apply it to any road
in the universe except the road provided for
in the original grant, let them non-concur in
this amendment, and let it go to a committee
of conference. I wish they would concur; but
if they will not, that is the cheaper way. All
I care about its not going to a committee of
conference is the loss of time, because we do
not seem to be running very smoothly.
Mr. CONK LIN G. Mr. President, I have
so much confidence, not only in the judgment
of the Senator, but in the correctness of his
intentions always, that I will not propose any
amendment about this matter, in deference to
his expression of a wish on that subject. But
if I may, without interfering with this bill,
make the motion that was suggested for a com-
mittee of conference, with the understanding
that I shall not be on that committee—I have
no knowledge of the subject, and I should be
very sorry to be oil such a committee—I shall
be very glad to submit that motion; for it
seems to me that, having been doubted as to its
meaning, that fact alone, which will appear
upon the records, makes it worth while to put
an end to all cavil when it is so easy by a slight
variation, perhaps, to remove all doubt. I
move, therefore, that the Senate non-concur in
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives and ask for a committee of conference,
with the understanding, as I said, that I am not
myself to be a member of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is
moved that the Senate non-concur in the
amendment of the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. I hope the
Senate will concur.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The precise question
before the Senate is on the motion that we con-
cur with the House amendment. That is the
question pending. A motion to non-concur
is only putting the same question in another
form.
Mr. CONKLINGr. That is all true ; but
everybody understands that a double motion to
non-concur and confer with the House is a very
different thing from simply non-concurring and
then leaving the bill to the mercy of the winds
and waves after that. Therefore for brevity,
and at the suggestion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, if any motion is to be made, it seems
to me that is the true one. *
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from New York
misunderstands me. I did not mean to sug-
gest that motion at all; I asked him to consent
that the Seuate should come to a vote on the
question of concurring: and if the Senate would
not concur, as I hoped they would, then I said
we could non-concur and let a committee of
conference do what he asked me to do, which
I did not like to do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that the first
vote is on concurring. If we do not concur we
can then non-concur and ask for a committee
of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
natural order.
Mr. CONKLING. I certainly withdraw the
motion if Senators prefer it in that form. The
only difference is that it gives us two votes to
accomplish the same result.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurrring in the amendment of
the House of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
survey of indian reservations.
Mr. HARLAN. I move now that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations be discharged fijjm
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 170,
and that the Senate proceed to consider it.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the title of the
bill?
Mr. HARLAN. It is a "bill to provide for
deficiency of expenses incurred in the survey
of Indian reservations."
Mr. HOWE. I understand that this is a
motion to discharge the Committee on Appro-
priations from the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say, in justice to the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mokuill,] who is
chairman of that committee, that he is not
able to be in the Senate to-day by 'reason of
ill health ; and as I do not know anything
about this matter myself, I shall have to ask the
Senator from Iowa to justify his motion to the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I conferred with the Sena-
tor from Maine on Saturday, and have his full
concurrence in making this motion. The bill,
in the first place, was examined by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported on favorably,
was considered in the Senate for some time,
and on the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, I consented that it should go
to that committee for reconsideration, and it
was sent to that committee last January. They
have had it in their possession up to this time.
They see no objections to the body of the bill;
but they have written out some amendments—
a trivial amendment, I believe, to the body of
the bill, and some amendments to the amend-
ments that the Senate agreed to when it was
under consideration before. I do not make
this motion, therefore, to disparage that com-
mittee in any way, but with the full concurrence
of the chairman of that committee. It is a bill
of some interest to people living in my State
who have done this work, and the money is in
the Treasury, the proceeds of the sales of the
lands they surveyed, to pay for the work in
pursuance of the provisions of treaties under
which the surveys were made ; but the First
Comptroller has decided that he cannot make
payment for this work until an appropriation
shall be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I hope
this will not be done. We have bills upon our
table that are pressing upon us, and here is a
bill not before us ; a motion is made to dis-
charge a committee which has under its con-
sideration a bill relating to appropriations to
pay for surveys. I know nothing of the par-
ticular bill, and have no objection to it, because
I know nothing about it ; but it has not been
reported by the appropriate committee. . Here
we have a bill that is pressing upon us, and
which everybody in the Senate, I believe,
agreed on Saturday ought to be acted upon,
and I hope the committee will not be dis-
charged, but that we may proceed to consider
the bill to admit the State of Arkansas to rep-
resentation in Congress.
proposed recess.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to what I believe is"
regarded as a privileged question at all times
in the Senate. I move to reconsider the vote
of the Senate on Saturday last upon the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives to take
a recess.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the Senator has
a right to enter that motion as a privileged
question; but I shall object to its gonsidera-
| tion until the question is taken on the motion
• that I have made. |
j Mr. DRAKE. I will state as a reason why I
I my friend from Iowa should not object to its !
j consideration at this time, that in order to get j
j the resolution before the Senate it is necessary '
i to send a message to the House of Represent- I
atives asking them to return it to us. I doubt
if there will be much objection in the Senate
to reconsidering it for that purpose, for the
purpose of bringing it back here; and I ask
my friend from Iowa to withdraw his objection
to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire if the res-
olution is out of the custody of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is out
of the custody of the Senate. It has gone to
the House. I suppose a motion requesting the
return of the resolution would be in order.
Mr. DRAKE. I move, then, that the House
of Representatives be requested to return the
resolution to us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not in order
when another matter is pending.
Mr. DRAKE. We cannot reconsider it with-
out that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not a motion to reconsider, but to
request the return of a paper. The Chair is
of opinion that that is always in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I suggest to the
Senator from Missouri that, according to my
recollection of the matter, the time fixed for
adjournment by that resolution has already
transpired.
Mr. SUMNER. It can be amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whatobject is there in
getting that particular resolution ? If it is de-
sirable to take a recess, and you are going to
amend that resolution, why not adopt a resolu-
tion here? I see no object in sending to the
House to bring back a resolution which fixes a
time already expired. We gain nothing by that.
If the object of the Senator from Missouri is
to move a reeess, it can be attained just as well
by passing a resolution without sending to the
House for the other resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; I withdraw that
motion, and move that when the two Houses
adjourn this day they adjourn to meet on next
Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will not be in order
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
a privileged motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mis-
souri may be misled by what was stated by the
Senator from Illinois, because a new resolu-
tion cannot be introduced and acted upon on
the same day against a single objection, and
therefore the only mode to reach the question,
if it is desired to reach it, is in the mode ori-
ginally suggested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that I do not wish to make a single
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I will return to my original
proposition, and move that a message be sent
to the Houseof Representatives requesting the
return tc the Senate of the resolution providing
for a recess.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it now in order, before
the resolution comes back, to move the recon-
sideration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No: that
motion cannot be made until the resolution is
here.
Mp< DRAKE. Then I will await its return.
expenses or indian surveys.
r Mr. HARLAN. I hope the question will
now be put on the motion I made a few mo-
ments ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on discharging the Committee ou Appro-
priations from the further consideration of the
biU mentioned by the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the bill
be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 170) to pro-
vide for deficiency of expenses incurred in the
survey of Indian reservations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
