AM
SUPPLEMENT TO
act of March 2, 1867? When does the one
month after "the expiration of the term of
the President by whom they have been ap-
pointed" expire? A President without a term
of office would, under our system, be a singu-
lar anomaly, and yet to such a result docs this
argument lead. I am unable to give my assent
to such a. proposition.
If Mr. Stanton was legally entitled to hold
the office of Secretary of War on the 21st of
February, 1868, as averred in the first article,
lie must have been so entitled by virtue of his *
original appointment by President Lincoln, for
he Bad received no other appointment. If the
act of March 2, 1867, terminated his office, he
must, to be legally in office on the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1868, have been again appointed and
confirmed by the Senate. He must, there-
fore, be assumed to have held under the com-
mission by the terms of which he held " dur-
ing the pleasure of the President for the time
being." After the death of President Lin-
coln, then, he held at the pleasure of Presi-
dent Johnson, by his permission, up to the
passage of the act of March 2,1867, and might
have been removed by him at any time. Did
that act change his tenure of office without a
new appointment, and transform what was
before a tenure at will Into a tenure for a fixed
period ? Granting that this cWuld legally be
done by an act of Congress, which may well
be questioned, the answer to this inquiry must
depend upon the terms of the act itself. Let
us examine it.
It is obvious to my mind that the intention
was to provide for two classes of officers; one,
the heads of Departments, and the other com-
prising all other officers, appointed by and with
the advicc and consent of the Senate. The act.
provides a distinct tenure for each of these
classes; Cor the heads of Departments a fixed
term, ending in one mouth after the expiration
of the term of the President by whom they were
appointed; for all others an indefinite term,
ending when a successor shall have been ap-
pointed and duly qualified. These two pro-
visions are wholly unlike each other. Both are
intended to apply to the present and the future,
and to include ail who may come within their
scope. Does Mr. Stanlon, by any fair con-
struction, come within either? How can he
be included in the general clause, when the
Secretary of War is expressly excepted from
its operation? The language is, " Kvory per-
son holding any civil office, &e., shall be en-
titled to hold such office," ''except us herein
otherwise provided.'' Then follows the pro-
viso, in which the Secretary of War is specific-
ally designated, and by which another and a
different tenure is provided lor the Secretary
of War. Surely, it would he violating every
rule of construction to hold that, either an office
or an individual expressly excluded from the
operation of a, law can he subject to its pro-
visions.
Again, does Mr. Stanton come within the
proviso? What is the term (herein fixed and
established for the Secrelut-y of War ? Specific-
ally, the term of the President by whom he
was appointed, and one month thereafter, lie
was appointed by President Lincoln, and the
term of President Lincoln existing at the time
of his appointment expired on the 4th of
March. I860. Can any one doubtthathad alaw
been in existence on that day similar to that
of March 2. 1867, Mr. Stanton would have
gone out of office in one month thereafter?
The two terms of Mr. Lincoln were as distinct
as if held by different persons. Had he been
then reappointed by Mr. Lincoln, and con-
firmed, and a law similar to that of March 2,
1867, been then in existence, is it not equally
clear that he would have again gone out of
office in one month after the expiration of Mr.
Lincoln's second term ? If'so, the only ques-
tion would have been whether Mr. Lincoln's
term expired with him, or continued, notwith-
standing his death, until the 4th day of March.
1869, although he could no longer hold and
execute the office, and although his successor,
elected and qualified aetoid.i.g to ail the forms
of the Constitution, was, in fact and in law,
President of the United States. How could
all that be* and yet that successor be held to
have no term at all ? To my apprehension such
a construction of the law is more and worse
than untenable.
The word "term," as used in the proviso,
when considered in connection with the obvious
design to allow to each person holding the
presidential office the choice of his own confi-
dential advisers, must, I think, refer to the
period of actual service. Any other construc-
tion might lead to strange conclusions. For
instance, suppose a President and Vice Pres-
ident' should both die within the first year of
the term for which they were elected. As the
law now stands,- a new election must be held
within thirty-four days preceding the first
Wednesday of December then next ensuing.
A new term of four years would commence
with the inauguration of the new President
before the term for which the preceding Pres-
ident was elected had expired. Do the heads
of Departments appointed by that preceding
President hold their offices for three years of
the term of the new President and until one
month after the expiration of the term for
which such preceding President was elected ?
Such would be the consequence of giving to
the word " term" any other meaning than the
term of actual service. It must be evident,,
therefore, that the word "term" of the Pres-
ident, as used in the proviso, is inseparable
from the individual, and dies with him.
If I am right in this conclusion, Mr. Stan-
ton, as Secretary of War, comes neither within
the body of the section nor within the proviso,
unless he can he considered as having been
appointed by Mr. Johnson.
Words used in a statute must, by all rules
of construction, be taken and understood in
their ordinary meaning, unless a contrary in-
tention clearly appears. As used in the .Con-
stitution, appointment implies a designation—
an act. And with regard to certain officers,
including the Secretary of War, it implies a
nomination to the Senate and a confirmation
by that body. A Secretary of War can be ap-
pointed in no other manner. This is the legal
meaning of the word appointed. Is there any
evidence in the act itself that the word ap-
pointed, as used in the proviso, was intended
to have any other meaning? The same word
occurs three times in the body of the section,
and in each case of its use evidently has its
ordinary constitutional and legal signification.
There is nothing whatever to show that it had,
or w;is intended to have, any other sense when
used in the proviso. If so, then it cannot bo
contended that Mr. Stanton was ever appointed
Secretary of War by Mr. Johnson, and ho can-
not, therefore, be considered as included in
the proviso. The result is, that, he is excluded
from the general provision because expressly
excepted from its operation, and from the
proviso by not coming within the terms of
description.
It not uiifVcquently happens, as every lawyer
is aware, that a statute fails to accomplish all
the purposes of those who penned it, from an
inaccurate use of language, or an imperfect
description. This may be the case here. But
when it is considered that this proviso was
drawn and adopted by eminent lawyers accus-
tomed to legal phraseology, who perfectly well
knew and understood the position in which
certain members of Mr. Johnson's Cabinet
stood, not appointed by him, but only suffered
to remain in ofliceuuder their original commis-
sions from President Lincoln ; and when it is
further considered that the object of that pro- i
viso was to secure to each President the right
of selecting his own Cabinet officers, it is diffi-
cult to suppose the intention not to have been
to leave those officers who had been appointed
by President Lincoln to hold under their ori-
ginal commissions, and to be removable at
! pleasure. Had they intended otherwise it was
I easy so to provide. That they did not do so is
[ in accordance with the explanation given when !
I the proviso was reported to the Senate, and
which was received with unanirnqpy acqui-
escence.
It has been argued that Mr. Johnson has
recognized Mr. Stanton as coming within the
first section of the act of March 2, 1867, by
suspending him under the provisions of the
second section. Even if the President did so
believe, it by no means follows that he is guilty
of a misdemeanor in attempting to remove him,
if that view was erroneous. The President is
not impeached for acting contrary to his belief,
but for violating the Constitution and the law.
And it may be replied that, if the President did
entertain that opinion, testimony was offered to
show that his Cabinet entertained a different
view. Whatever respect the opinion of either
may be entitled to, it does not settle the ques-
tion of construction. But a sufficient answer
to the argument is thai, whether Mr. Stanton
comes within the first section of the statute or
not, the President had a clear right to suspend
him under the second section. That section
applies to all civil officers, except judges of
the United States courts, "appointed as afore-
said;" that is, "by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate;" and Mr. Stanton was
such an officer, whatever might have been his
tenure of office. The same remark applies to
the eighth section, in relation to the designa-
tion of General Thomas. That section covers
every "person" designated to perform the
duties of any office, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. Both of these sections are
general in their terms and cover all persons
coming within their purview, whether included
in the first section or not.
I conclude, then, as Mr. Staaton was ap-
pointed to hold " during the pleasure of the
President for the time being," and his tenure
was not affected by the act of March 2, 1867,
the President had a right to remove him from
office on the 21st of February, 1868, and, con-
sequently, cannot be held guilty under the first
article.
Even, however, if I were not satisfied of the
construction given herein of the act of March
2, 1867, I should still hesitate to convict the
President of a high misdemeanor for what was
done by him on the 21st of February. The
least that could be said of the application of
the first section of that, act to the case of Mr.
Stanton is that its application is doubtful. If,
in fact, Mr. Stanton comes within it, the act
done by the President did not remove him, and
he is still Secretary of War, It was, at most,
an attempt on the part of the President, which
he might well believe he had a right to make.
The evidence utterly fails to show any design
on the part of the President to effect his pur-
pose by force or violence. It was but the sim-
ple issuance of a written order, which failed of
its intended effect. To depose the constitu-
tional chief magistrate of a great nation, elected
by the people, on grounds so slight, would, in
my judgment., be an abuse of the power con-
ferred upon the Senate, which could not be
justified to the country or the world. To con-
strue such an act as a high misdemeanor,
within the meaning of the Constitution, would,
when the passions of the hour have had time
to cool, be looked upon with wonder, if not
with derision. Worse than this, it would inflict
a wound upon the very structure of our Gov-
ernment, which time would fail to cure, and
which might eventually destroy it.
It may be further remarked that the Presi-
dent is not charged in the first article with any
offense punishable, or even prohibited, by stat-
ute. The removal of an offiecr contrary to
the provisions of the act of March 2, 1867, is
punishable, under the sixth section, as a high
misdemeanor. The attempt so to remove is
not declared to be an offense. The charge is,
that the President issued the order of Febru-
ary 21, 1868, with intent to violate the act, by
removing Mr. Stanton. If, therefore, this
attempt is adjudged to be a high misdemeanor,
it must be so adjudged, not because the Presi-
dent has violated any law or constitutional
provision, but. because, in the judgment of the
Senate, the attempt to violate the law is m
