1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to has not as yet been transmitted to the General
Land Office.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. SIAlNTOis, Secretary of War.
To the President.
This letter bears the following indorsement:
w Executive Mansion,
Washington Uity, October U, 1866.
Whereas the island of Yerba Buena, in the bay of
San iranciseo, is needed for defensive purposes, and
has been surveyed by the Government and batteries
projected and planned for its occupation:
i'he within application is approved and referred to
the secretary of the Interior, with directions to ex-
cept andreserve the island of Yerba Buena, in the bay
of ban *rancisco,from the relinquishmentandgrant
to the city of San Francisco, California, authorized
by the act of Congress approved July 1,1864, and to
designate the said island as so excepted and reserved;
and it is ordered that the said island be retained by
the United States for military uses.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall proceed
with the consideration of this bill, it will take
but a short timej I think, to come to a vote
upon it.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I was treated with con-
siderable severity by my friend from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] yesterday and sundry other
friends because 1 did not push the measure
which we were then considering to a vote, pro-
viding for the covering of the cotton money
into the Treasury. I therefore call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that that bill is
now up, and I ask them to continue its consid-
eration until it is ended.
Mr. SUMNEIi. I would ask my friend, the
Senator from Michigan, if there is not another
bill which was made the special order for one
o'clock to-day, in which he is interested.
Mr. HOWARD. That bill was not, perhaps,
made a special order. It was postponed until
to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the cotton matter is
the unfinished business of yesterday, and is
now in regular order before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the order of the
day will be informally laid aside.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel obliged to object
to that. I must insist upon finishing the cot-
ton matter, if Senators are desirous that it shall
be finished.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose, when a bill is
specially assigned for a particular hour by a
vote of the Senate, it becomes the special or-
der for that hour, whether the motion included
the making of it a special order or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is now up.
Mr. POMEROY. That takes precedence, I
admit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is regularly before
the Senate; but 1 understand the motion of
the Senator from Michigan to be to postpone
that and all prior orders for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the bill which
has been pending this morning.
Mr. HOWARD. Until two o'clock, I will
say.
Mr. HOWE. I must say that I do not think
it will be fair in the Senate to postpone the
regular order, considering the abuse to which
it subjects the Senator from Vermont whenever
that is postponed. 1 think the Senate ought
to take a vote on that jnatter and getuiy friend
out of the way. There is no security for him
until that cotton fund is disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have no doubt we shall
finish the bill which we have been considering
in a few minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senate will
allow us to get a vote on this bill and get it out
of the way. We have not been very persistent
in presenting it for consideration, audi ask the
Senate this morning to continue it for awhile.
1 hope Senators will not object to this.
Mr. CAMERON. I am not desirous of
having this bill disposed of at once. We want
to give the subject a little reflection, and, if
nobody else will make a motion to that effect,
40th Onxr,. 2r> Bess. - -No. 94.
I will, before the bill is disposed of, offer an
amendment allowing all the railroads from the
east and the west that terminate in San Fran-
cisco to occupy a part of this island as their
terminus. It is a very valuable gift to the
railroads, and may be very important to the
commerce of the Pacific, but I can see no rea-
son why one railroad should have a right to
occupy it and other railroads that may be made
should not' have equal rights. I think it is
better, for the interests of the public, that all
railroads entering into so great a town as San
Francisco should terminate at the same place.
I would, therefore, prefer that the bill should
be postponed until an amendment can be pre-
pared to accomplish this purpose, which I hope
will meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I am entirely
willing that there should be discussion of this
measure, but it seems to me we can accom-
plish our work on this bill within an hour, or
less than an hour, if the Senate will consent
to continue its consideration. It is a bill which
really ought to be disposed of expeditiously
for reasons which will suggest themselves to
the mind of every Senator. The company con-
cerned is anxious to know what it is to do with
regard to its western terminus.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was to a little extent
responsible, perhaps, for defeating the purpose
of the Senator from Vermont yesterday even-
ing in getting a vote on his bill. Now, I shall
stand by him, so far as my single vote is con-
cerned, this morning, as it is the business in
order before the Senate. I wish simply to add
that I do not think there is any great haste in
giving away property of the Government of the
United States which is of prospective value of
perhaps many million dollars, especially as
the railroad is not constructed at all near that
neighborhood at this time, as I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. With the indulgence of the
Senator from Indiana, in order to put an end
to this almost useless waste of time, I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad the Senator
from Michigan has concluded not to waste any
more time.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say, before this
subject passes from the consideration of the
Senate, that at an early period I will ask the
Senate to give it final consideration and get a
vote. I say this so that Senators may be pre-
pared to understand the question by that time.
captured and abandoned property.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is House joint
resolution No. 19.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I gave notice
yesterday that I would ask the Senate to con-
sider at this time the appropriation bill for the
Military Academy. If, however, this measure
is not likely to occupy much time, I shall not
interfere.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we can finish it
in ten minutes. I do not believe there will be
any more debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is to get a little
money into the Treasury; and then the Sena-
tor's bill will be in order to get it out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 19) diiecting that certain
moneys now in the hands of the United States
Treasurer, as special agent of the Treasury
Department, be covered by warrant into the
United States Treasury, the pending question
being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Edmvxds, to insert the following additional
section:
And be it further repaired, That a sum of the pro-
ceeds of such sates not exceeding $100,000 is hereby
appropriated for the payment of the necessary ex-
penses incurred by or unuer theauthority of theSee-
retary of the Treasury, lor incidental expenses in
acting under the laws respecting the collection and
I disposition of captured and abandoned property;
and tor the neccss&ry expenses of defending, in the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, such
suits as have been brought against him or his agents
in the premises.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I agreed to fee report
of this bill, and I think it a verr proper one
for enactment by Congress. It is a very sin-
gular and anomalous thing that the moneys of
the United States should be lying around loose
in different parts of the country without being
subject to those regulations which we shave
provided for the Treasury of the United States.
But, sir, these cotton moneys came into the
hands of officers and agents of the United
States under very peculiar circumstances and
the construction which has been given to our
legislation upon this subject byth-e different
Secretaries of the Treasury is not entirely
without cause, that it has a color of regularity
and a color of authority to justify what they
did, and which will excuse them to the people
of the country against any criticism that may
be directed to their conduct. But now, sir,
there seems to me no reason why these moneys
should be longer withheld from the Treasury
of the United States. Believing this, I con-
curred very cheerfully, with a clear mind, in
reporting this bill, and I shall give it my vote.
It is, however, to be remembered that, in the
administration of this special system with re-
gard to the seizure of property in the southern
country, there are many peculiar considera-
tions which do notaccompany and attend upon
any ordinary action of the Government. There
are a large number of individual interests that
have grown up along with the administration
of this peculiar system of seizure and of sale
of property in that section, and in addition to
that there are a large number of suits instituted
and pending in different courts in different sec-
tions of the country in which the Government
of the United States has a deep as well as a
direct pecuniary interest. It seems to me that
it would be very improvident as a public ques-
tion to take all these moneys, which have un-
dergone a particular course of administration,
and from which from time to time have been
withdrawn the small amounts necessary to
cover the contingent outlays and the expenses
of litigation, and place them in the Treasury
of the United States, and then make no pro-
vision whatever for the payment of such ad-
ditional expenses as may be necessary for
carrying on, as far as may be proper, this liti-
gation which has arisen on the part of th«
United States. The result of refusing to make
a provision of this kind in the present law will
be that a number of suits will be undefended
which ought to be defended in view of tire
public interests. The consequence will be
that a large amount of claims will be accumu-
lated against the Government of the United
States in various ways connected with thfl
closing up of this business, and after a little
they will appear here in the Halls of Congress
as demands against the Treasury, and I venture
to say that most, if not all, of them will event-
ually be paid. I apprehend that it will be an
exceedingly expensive system to the United
States—1 mean the system or plan of action
to which we are invited by gentlemen who
object to this amendment.
When a suit is brought, there being no pro-
vision of law for the employment of counsel,
no provision of law to meet the necessary ex-
pense of carryingonthe suit, obtaining evidence,
and the other expenses which are necessary,
the result will be that large judgments will
be rendered. Many of the agents of the United
States are men without property, without
means, and if the Government does not stand
forward and assist them and uphold them in
the controversy they will abandon it, judg-
ments will go against them, and we shall be
called upon to pay them. The Government
of the United States is the real party in interest
in all these cases; and to withdraw from the
Secretary of the Treasury, who is charged with
the management of our financial affairs, all
immediate power to interpose in these cases,
and to interpose efficiently—because that can
only be done by an appropriation of money—
is to put the public interest in jeopardy.
