1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
SIMS VS. Till Mill.R ELECTION CONTEST. |
I i'f SPL.VlvhU also laid before the House
!i M'.iionul evidence ui the election contest of
Sums r>\ rr-.mhlo, ot' Kentucky; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections. ;
A SHERMAN. j
Mr. McCARTHY asked and obtained leave
to -.v ululraw the papers in the case of A. Sher-
man.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER announced the following
committees:
Select Committee on Reconstruction—Thad-
deus Stevens ot' Pennsylvania, George S.
15,mi;well of Massachusetts, John A. Bing-
ham iif Ohio. John F. Farnsworth of Illi-
nois. Calvin T. Hulburd of New York', Fer-
nando C. Beam an of Michigan, Halbert E.
Paine of Wisconsin, James Brooks of New
York. and James B. Beck of Kentucky.
Select Committee on Revision of the Laws
of the I nite-J Stales—Luke P. Poland of Ver-
mont. Rufus P. Spalding of Ohio, Thomas
A. Jenckes of Rhode Island, Orange Ferriss
of New York, and George \Y. Woodward of
Pennsylvania.
Joint Select Committee on Ordnmice—John
A. Logan of Illinois, Benjamin F. Butler of
Massachusetts, and Robert C. Schenck of
Ohio.
APPOINTMENTS TO FILL VACANCIES.
On Committee on Mines and Mining—J.
Proctor Knott of Kentucky.
On Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds—Thomas L. Jones of Kentucky.
On Committee on Expenditures of War
Department—J. S. Gollaaay of Kentucky.
On Committee on Expenditures on Public
Buildings—Asa P. Grover of Kentucky.
ARSENAL AT CIIEVENNE, DAKOTA.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
rend, considered, and agreed to:
Ti'toh-fd, Th.it in order to carry out tho recom-
mendations of ihc General of the Army and Secretary
of War, aa made in his annual report, tho Committee
on Military Affairs inquire into the expediency of
establishing a United States arsenal for supplying
troops on the plains at the Govornmentdistributing
dc;i"t and inilit ny post of Tort David Russell, located
at Cuoyennc, Dakota Territory, and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
CHARLES PITCHER
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Charles Pitcher ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims. ,
BANK SCALES, WEIGHTS, AND BALANCES, ETC.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to provide for
the sealing of scales, weights, and balances,
used by national banks, navy-yards, and cus-
tom-houses ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures.
ACCOUNTS OF SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The matter to which I desire to call the
attention of the House this morning refers
to an officer'of this House—the Sergeant-at-
Arms. On the 2d of December I received
from him a communication, which I send to
the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows :
orfice or Sebgeant-at-Abms
House of Representatives.
December 2, 1867.
Dear Sib: Allow me to call your attention to mat-
ter personal to myself, which I feel should be brought
to the attention of the House.
Near the clo. e of the July session of the present
Congress the House of Representatives ordered sev-
eral committees of investigation ; but owing to the
fact that both Houses of Congress had dccided not to
enter into any general legislation at that session no
appropriation was made to defray the expenses of
such committees.
Ihc chairmen of the several committees called
upon me, as the executive ofliccr of the House, to
furnish the necessary funds to enable them to proceed
at once to inquire into such matters as had been com-
mitted to them, which request I complied with, so
far as I was able to borrow and secure funds for
them to use. The strictest economy was necessarily II
practiced in conducting all of these investigations;
yet notwithstanding everything like extravagancs
has been avoided certain newspapers have been
publishing all sorts of falsehoods in regard to the
expense of these committees, and some of them of a
personal and abusive character in relation to myself. [
And in one instance tho New Hampshire Patjiot, ,
a newspaper printed at Concord, New Hampshire, in
an article published on the 0th day of Novenlberlast,
charged me with having presented and had allowed
large bills for liquors, cigars, extra mileage, &c.,
thereby attempting to crcato the impression that I
was managing tho affairs of tho office of Sergeant-
at-Arms in an extravagant and corrupt manner.
Now, sir, I desire to say to you, and through you
to the House, that such charges are false and entirely
without foundation. No bills for liquors, cigars, or
other extravagances have ever been allowed since I
have been in office. And in order to satisfy all
beyond question and put a stop to these and other
accusations I desire you to ask tho House to have
some committee examine into the affairs of my oflioo,
both with referenco to myself and my predecessors,
feeling confident tbat such examination will prove
beyond question that I have dono more work tban
any of my predecessors, and at as little rolative
expense to the Government.
Should the House sec lit to have such an examina-
tion no expense need bo incurred, n? tho necessary
papers are on file, and any witnesses I may desire I
will furnish at my own expense.
1 I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,
' N. G. ORDWAY,
Sergeant-at-Arms House of Representatives.
Hon. William B. Allison.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire whether this
is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide
that question when he hears the motion or
resolution which he presumes the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is about to submit.
Mr. ALLISON. Certain charges have been
made in regard to the official conduct of the
Sergeant-at-Arms. For myself, I have faith
in the fidelity of this officer. But inasmuch
as these charges have been publicly made, and
inasmuch as it is the desire of this officer that
an investigation of his accounts should take
place, I think the matter should be referred to
some committee, especially in view of the fact
that I find in my mail this morning, as I pre-
sume other gentlemen find in theirs, a circular
from one J. \V. Wilkinson, containing a series
of charges against this officer. This circular is
printed, and I will not detain the House by
asking to have it read at the Clerk:s desk. I
move that the letter of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
together with the charges contained iii this
printed circular, be referred to the Committee
of Accounts for examination and report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
this is a question of privilege, as it involves a
question'concerning the fidelity of one of the
officers of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the previous
question upon my motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Allison was
agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING LOAN AND CURRENCY LAWS.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to submit the following
rqgolution; on which I demand the previous
question: .
Resolved, That tliero be printed for the use of tho
House one thousand extra copies of the acts of Con-
gress relating to loans and currency from 1842 to 1867,
inclusive, including all loan bills passed since 1700,
and the amount issued under them; the compilation
of which shall be made under the direction of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] will with-
draw for one moment the Remand for the pre-
vious question I desire to ask him what will be
the cost of preparing and printing this docu-
ment—how large a document it will be.
Mr. LAFLIN. In all probability the cost
of printing will not exceed sixty or seventy
dollars. As to how much it will cost to com-
pile the pamphlet I refer my friend from Illi-
nois to the chairman of the Committee of
Wayg and Means, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCIIENCK. The expense of preparing
the pamphlet will be just nothing at all. Is
that satisfactory to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir,
it is. I am glad to be satisfied for once by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York a change in the phrase-
ology of the resolution. The resolution pro-
j vides, I believe, that this pamphlet shall include
a statement of the amount issued under each
H loan law. I think it should include a state-
ment of the amount authorized in each case as
well as the amount actually issued.
Mr. LAFLIN. I accept the suggestion of
the gentleman, and modify the resolution
accordingly. I now renew the demand for the
i previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution, as modified, was
: adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
j The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF WITNESSES. ♦
Mr. McCLURG. I ask unanimous consent
to submit, under the instructions of the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads, a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. MAYNA11D. Does not the Committee
on Southern Railroads by its constitution have
the right to report at any time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not the
Journal before him to ascertain that fact.
Mr. MAYNARD. Stieh is my belief.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps tho chairman of
the committee can state whether the commit-
tee has that power or not.
Mr. McCLURG. We have the right to re-
port at any time.
The SPEAKER. Then it is a privileged
report.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That tho Clerk of the House be, nr.d is
hereby, authorized to pay two witnesses, Mr. Gould
and Mr. Piukercll.of New York city, who have this
day testified before the seloct Committee on Southern
Railroads. '
Mr. SPALDING. I believe that is right.
The resolution was adopted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent when General Butler is in his
place to make a brief statement by way of
personal explanation in reference to a certain
matter which occurred in the House yesterday.
There was no objection : and it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had now commenced.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. At the close of the morning hour
yesterday, if my recollection serves me, the
Speaker was calling the several States for
resolutions. My point is that call must be
resumed to-day where it left off.
The SPEAKER. It will be resumed, under
the rules, on next Monday.
The Speaker then proceeded to call the com-
mittees tor reports.
MILO D. CODDING.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Milo D. Codding, for grants of lands
for educational purposes; and the same was
laid on the table.
Mr. JULIAN, from the same committee,
moved that the Committee on Public Lands be
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Milo Defouz Codding, of the
city of Rochester, in the State of New xork,
for the passage of a special act for the patenting
of one hundred items of mechanical structures,
and the same be referred to the Committee on
Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
