1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353T
In such form and manner as may bepresoribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and upon all
interest arising from the bonds of the United States
there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of
ten per cent, on the amount of such interest; and tho
Treasurer of the United States, and such subordinate
officers as shall be charged with the payment of said
interest, shall assess and collect the duty hereby
levied. And for any refusal or neglect to make or to
render such return and pay the tax any such bank,
association, corporation, company, or person so in
default shall be subject to and pay a penalty of
$200 besides the additional penalty and forfeitures
m other cases provided by law; and in default of
euch return the several amounts subject to tax shall
be estimated by the assessor or assistant assessor on
the best information he can obtain. And in the
case of banks with branches, each branch shall make
a separate return, and the tax shall be assessed on
each severally. And so much of the forty-first sec-
tion of the act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June 3,1864, as imposes a tax on the banks
organized under that act, and requires returns to be
made to the Treasurer of the United States, be, and
is hereby, repealed: Provided, That the deposits in
associations or companies known as provident insti-
tutions, savings-banks, savings funds, or savings
institutions, having no capital stock and doing no
other business than receiving deposits, to be loaned
or invested, for the sole benefit ot the parties making
such deposits, without profit or compensation to the
association or company, shall be exempt from tax on
so much of their deposit-s as they have invested in
securities ojf the United States, and on all deposits
less than $500 made in the name of any one person;
and tho returns required to be made by such provi-
dent institutions and savings-banks shall be made
on the first Monday of January and July of each
year, in such form and manner as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to apoint of order,
that section one hundred and eight and one
hundred and nine having been struck out by the
committee there is nothing now in the bill to
which this amendment is germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment could not be
in order except as an amendment to the sec-
tion which has just been read—section one
hundred and twelve; and it is not germane to
that section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that section fifty, relating to export warehouses,
be struck out.
Mr. RAUM. That is the section which I
moved to strike out the other day; but neither
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] nor
the Committee of the Whole appeared to under-
stand the propriety of the proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
section fifty will be struck out.
There was no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to know whether my amendment is not in
order, being offered as an independent section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not now in order
to go back to amend sections in regard to
whisky, tobacco, and cigars, and the tax on
banks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to add to the bill an additional section.
The CHAIRMAN. It must be in the nature
of an amendment to the last section, although
a separate section.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is not
now pertinent to move a tax on United States
bonds, as that has been stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the fiftieth section.
Mr. JENCKES. Is it in order to move in
the House an additional section to provide for
the collection of the penalties imposed by this
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot de-
cide that, as he is only chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BENTON. I move tho following as an
additional section:
Andbeitfurtker enacted, That where it shall appear
to the collector of any district within the United
States, upon oath or otherwise, tohis satisfaction, that
any instrumentin wntinghas notbeen duly stamped
at the time of making or issuing tho same, by reason
of accident, mistake, inadvertence, or urgent neces-
sity, and without any willful design to defraud the
United States of the stamp, or to evade or delay the
payment thereof, then and in such case, if such in-
strument, or if the original be lost a copy thereof
duly certified by the officer having charge of any
records in which such original is required to be re-
corded, or, if not recorded, otherwise duly proven to
the satisfaction of the collector, shall, within twelve
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 222.
calendar months after the 1st day of August, 1808. or
within twelve calendar months after the making or
issuing thereof, be brought to the said collector of
revenue to be stamped, and the stamp tax charge-
able thereon shall bo paid, it shall be lawful for tho
said collector to remit the penalty aforesaid and to
cause such instrument to be duly stamped.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order
on that. It is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, pursuant to the
order of the House, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK took the floor.
Mr. JUDD. I wish the gentleman to yield
to me to offer the following amendment:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act sauces, sirups, prepared
mustard, jams, and jellies shall be exempt from
internal tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not germane.
Objection was made.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope the gentleman
will let me offer the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That no stamp
under the internal revenue law shall bo required on
any certificate or ticket given by pawnbroker's for
tho article pledged.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for that
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following as an additional section :
Sr.c. —. And be it further enacted, Thaton andafter
the 1st day of October noxt so much of all acts and
parts of acts as imposes an interna! revenue tax on
"illuminating or other mineral oils," and on the
product of the distillation, redistillation, or refining
of crude petroleum, of of crudo oil produced by a
single distillation of coal, shale, peat, a^phaltum, or
other bituminous substances, together with all tho
provisions relating to returns, assessment, warehous-
ing, and bonding, and all other provisions providing
for determining the quantity of mineral oil distilled
to secure the payment of tho tax thereon, be, and the
same are hercDy, repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing there shall
be a vote on that.
The SPEAKER. Propositions for taxes and
changes upon the people must have their first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole,
but reduction of taxes, it has been held, is in
order in the House without reference to thy
committee.
Mr. UPSON. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
Tlio SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask consent to go back
to page 7, section six, line ten, and strike out
"ten" and insert "five; " so that it will read:
"but in no case shall such bond be for a less
sum than §-5,000." It was the understanding
of the committee that that amendment should
be offered. It is in relation to the bonds given
by distillers.
No objection being made, the amendment
was regarded as pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a little amend-
ment that 1 promised to allow the gentleman
from Kentucky in Committee of the Whole to
have a vote upon in the House.
Mr. INOERSOLL. I would like to have
the same opportunity.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committe gave unan-
imous consent to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Several members objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have pre-
pared a section, which, if it be ruled in order,
the committee would be very glad to have
inserted as an amendment. It relates to the
fees of gangers. We find that they are enor-
mous, running up as high as $56,000 a year.
I therefore move to add to the bill the follow-
ing section:
Sue. —. And be it further enacted, That tho fees for
gauging oil shall be in all districts where the average
amount gauged monthly exceeds five thousand bar-
rels, one cent and a half per barrel: and in districts
where the amount gaugod is live thousand barrels or
less thefee shall be three cents per barrel.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The SPEAKER. T.he Chair does not know
whether there is anything in the bill ia regard
to gauging fees; nor can the Chair tell whether
this is a reduction or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a reduction. The
fees are enormons.
Mr. BLAINE. They make sometimes
$50,000 a year for doing little or nothing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the bill does cover a provision
in regard to gauging. The rule will be read
on page 185 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No sum or quantum of tax or duty voted by a
Committee of the Whole House shall be increased in
the House until the motion or proposition for such
increase shall be first discussed and voted in a Com*
mittee of the Whole House."
The SPEAKER. If this is a reduction it
is in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. In some cases this would
be an increase.
Mr. BLAINE. It could not by possibility
be an increase in any case.
Mr. SCHENCK. A very large reduction.
Mr. ROBlNSQjN. I.conteud it would be a
large increase in some districts where the busi-
ness is small.
Mr. BLAINE. Unless three cents a barrel
is more than one quarter of a cent a gallon it
would be no increase.
Mr. GETZ. What is right I believe is always
in order. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Not under parliamentary
law. [Laughter ]
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I insist there is
nothing in the bill on the subject of gauging
of oil; it is the gauging of liquors.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; then I call
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments. I admit there is nothing in the bill to
which the amendment relates.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
there is nothing in the bill in regard to the
gauging of oil.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. Thegeutleman from Ohio
has resumed his seat after demanding the pre-
vious question. It is not in order, therefore,
to ask him a question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The Clerk then read the amendments reported
from the (Jommitte of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and all those upon which no
separate votes were called for were regarded aa
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD called for a separate vote
on the following amendment:
Page 3, section two, line sixteen, after the w®4
"weighing" insert the words "and marking;" «>
that tho clause will road:
And ho may prescribe rules and regulations to
secure a uniform and correct system of inspection,
weighing, and marking, and gauging of spirits.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded a separate vote
on the following amendment:
Add to section three the following:
And no mash, wort, or wash, fit for distillation or
the production of spirits or alcohol, shall be madeor
fermented in any building or on any promises other
than a distillery duly authorized according to law:
and no mash, wurt, or wash so made and fermented
shall be sold or removed from any distillery before
being distilled, and no person other than an author-
ized distiller shall by distillation, or by any other pro-
cess, separate the alcoholic spirits from any fermented
mash, wort, or wash, and no person shall use spirits
or alcohol, or any vapor of alcoholic spirits, in man-
ufacturing vinegar or any other article, or in any
process of manufacture whatever, unless the spirits
or alcohol so used shall have been produced m an
authorized distillery and the tax thereon paid, or
shall have been lawfully imported into the United
States and the duties thereon paid. Any person who
shall violate any of the provisions ot this section
