THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
itself such a misdemeanor as was contemplated
by the Constitution, and justifies the removal
of the President from his high office.
The second article is founded upon the letter
of authority addressed by the President to Gen-
eral Lorenzo Thomas, dated February 21,1868.
The substantial allegations of the article are,
that this letter was issued in violation of the
Constitution and contrary to the provisions of
the "act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices," without the advice and consent of the
Senate, that body being then in session; and
without the authority of law, there being at
the time no vacancy in the office of Secretary
of War.
In the view I have taken of the first article
there was legally a vacancy in the Department
of War, Mr. Stanton having been removed on
that same day, and the letter of authority states
the fact, and is predicated thereon. It is a
well-establisl 3d principle of law that where
two acts are done at the same time, one of
which in its nature precedes the other, they
must be held as intended to take effect in their
natural order. The question then is whether,
a vacancy exhting, the President had a legal
right to fill it by a designation of some person
to act temporarily as Secretary ad interim.
The answer to this question will depend, to a
great extent, upon an examination of the
statutes.
The first provision of statute law upon this
subject is found in section eight of an act ap-
proved_ May_ 8, 1792, entitled "An act making
alterations in the Treasury and War Depart-
ments. ''
That section empowers the President, "in
case of death, absence from the seat of Govern-
ment, or sickness" of the Secretaries of State,
War, or the Treasury, "or of any officer of
either of said Departments, whose appointment
is not in the head thereof, in case he shall think
it necessary, to authorize any person or per-
sons, at his discretion, to perform the duties
of the said respective offices until a successor be
appointed, or such absence or inability by sick-
ness may cease."
It will be noticed that this act provides for
one case of vacancy and two of temporary dis-
ability, making the same provision for each
case. In neither case does it require any con-
sent of the Senate, or make any allusion to
the question whether it is or is not in session.
It is viewed as a mere temporary arrangement
in each case, and fixes no specific limit of
time to the exercise of authority thus con-
ferred. Nor does it restrict the President in
Ms choice of a person to whom he may confide
such a trust.
By an act approved February 13,1795, chap-
ter twenty-one, to amend the act before cited,
it is provided 11 that in case of vacancy " 111
either of the several Departments of State,
War, or the Treasury, or of any officer of
either, &c.,
"it shall be lawful for the Bresident," * * *
K "in case I10 shall think it necessary, to
authorize any person or persons, at his discretion, to
perform the duties of the said respective offices until
a successor bo appointed or such vacancy be filled :
Provided, That no one vacancy shall be supplied in
manner aforesaid for a longer term than six months."
This act, it will be observed, applies only to
vacancies, and doe's not touch temporary dis-
abilities, leaving the latter to stand as before,
under the act of 1792. It still leaves to the
President his choice of the person, without
restriction, to supply a vacancy ; and while it
provides for all vacancies, arising from what-
ever cause, like the law of 1792, it makes no
allusion to the Senate, or to whether or not
that body is in session. But this act differs
from its predecessor in this, that it specifically
limits the time during which any one vacancy
can be supplied to six months.
Thus stood the law down to the passage of
the act of February 20, 1803. (Statutes-at-
Large, vol. 12, page 65G.) In the meantime
fonr other Departments had been created, to
neither of which were the provisions beibie
cited applicable. And yet it appears from the
record that almost every President in office
since the creation of those Departments had,
in repeated instances, exercised the same
power and authority in supplying temporary
vacancies and disabilities m the new Depart-
ments which he was authorized to exercise in
those originally created, without objection,
and even without remark.
The act of February 20, 1863, provides—
"That in case of the death, resignation, absenco
from the seat of Government, or sickness of the head
01 any executive Department, or of any officer of
either of said Departments," &c.," it shall be lawful
for the President" * * * * " to authorize
the head of ,any other executive Department, or
other officer in either of said Departments whose
appointment is vested in the President," " to perform
the duties" * * * " until a successor
be appointed, or until such absence or disability
shall cease: Provided, That no one vacancy shall be
supplied in manner aforesaid for a longer term than
six months." .
Section two repeals all acts or parts of acts
inconsistent, &c.
This act, it will be observed, covers, in terms,
the cases provided for in the act of 1792, and
one more—a vacancy by resignation. It limits
the range of selection, by confining it to cer-
tain specified classes of persons. It limits the
time for which any vacancy may be supplied to
six months, and it extends the power of so
supplying vacancies and temporary absence
and disability to all the Departments. Clearly,
therefore, it repeals the act of 1792, covering
all the cases therein enumerated, and being in
several important particulars inconsistent with
it. There was nothing left for the act of 1792
which was not regulated and controlled by the
act of 18G3.
How was it with the act of 1795 ? That act
covered all cases of vacancy. Had it repealed
the prior act of 1792 ? It had applied the
limitation of six months for any one vacancy,
and to that extent was inconsistent with the
act of 1792, so far as a vacancy by death was
concerned. But it left the cases of sickness
and absence untouched. The power conferred
by the act of 1792 in those cases remained,
and was exercised, without question, in a mul-
titude of cases, by all the Presidents, down to
the passage of the act of 1863.
In like manner, the act of 1863, while it
took out of the operation of the act of 1795
the case of vacancy by resignation, and made
a new provision for it, left untouched vacancies
by removal and by expiration of a limited ten-
ure of office. Suppose the act of 1863 had
provided in terms for only the two cases of
absence and sickness specified in the act of
1792, will it be contended that in such a case
the power conferred in that act in case of death
would have been repealed by the act of 1863?
If not, by parity of reasoning the enumeration
of a vacancy by resignation in the act of 1863
would extend no further than to take that case
out of the act of 1795, leaving the cases of
removal and expiration of term still subject to
its operation. The conclusion, therefore, is,
that whatever power the President had by the
act of 1795 to appoint any person ad interim,
in case of removal, remains unaffected by the
act of 1863.
It has been argued that the authority vested
in the President by the act of 1795 is repealed
by the sixth section of the act of March 2,
1867, which prohibits and punishes "the mak-
ing, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issuing
of any commission, or letter of authority, for
or in respect to any such appointment or
employment." If the act of 1795 is repealed
by this section, it must operate in like manner
upon the act of 1863. The consequence would
be that in no case, neither in recess nor in
session, neither in case of vacancy, however
arising, absence or sickness, would the Presi-
dent have power, even for a day, to authorize
any person to discharge the duties of any office !
in any of the Departments, which is filled by !
presidential appointment. All must remain 1
as they are, and all business must stop, during
session or in recess, until they can be filled by •
legal appointment. This could not have been -
intended. The words above citcd from the
sixth section of the act of 1867 are qualified j
by the words " contrary to the provisions of !
this act." The language is "ccftnmission or
letter of authority for or in respect to any^tuih
appointment or employment;'' to wit, a "re-
moval, appointment, or employment made,
had, or exercised contrary to the provisions Of
this act." If, therefore, the removal is not
contrary to the act, neither is the designation
of a person to discharge the duties temporarily;
and a letter of authority issued in such a case
is not prohibited.
In confirmation of this view it will be noticed
that the eighth section of the act of March 2,
1867, expressly recognizes the power of the
President, "without the advice and consent
of the Senate," to "designate, authorize, or
employ " persons to perform the duties of cer-
tain offices temporarily—thus confirming the
authority conferred by the preceding acts.
My conclusion, therefore, is that, as the Pres-
ident ha,d a legal right to remove Mr. Stanton,
notwithstanding the act of March 2, 1867, he
had a right to issue the letter of authority to
General Thomas to discharge the duties <tf the
Department of War, under and by virtue of
the act of 1795.
It has been urged, however, that the six
months' limitation in the act of 1795 had ex-
pired before the 21st of February, 1868, in
consequence of the appointment of General
Grant as Secretary of War ad interim, on the
12th day of August, 1867. I am unable to see
the force of this argument. Whatever may
have been the opinion of the President, as to
his power of suspending an officer under the
Constitution, (and I am of the opinioirthat he
had no such power,) he clearly had the right
to suspend Mr. Stanton under the second sec-
tion of the act of March 2, 1867, and must be
held in law to have acted by virtue of the law-
ful authority thereby conferred; more especially
as he saw fit to conform in all respects to its
provisions. The action of the Senate upon
that suspension restored Mr. Stanton to his
office of Secretary of War. This suspension
cannot be considered as a removal, and the
subsequent removal on the 21st of February
created a vacancy in the office from that date.
The designation of General Thomas cannot,
therefore, be considered as a continuation of
the original designation of General Grant on
the 12th day of August, 1867.
But even if I am wrong in this conclusion,
and the President had no power by existing
laws to appoint a Secretary of War ad interim,
yet if Mr. Stanton did not come within the first
section of the act of 1867 the second article
fails. The gravamen of that article is the vio-
lation of the Constitution and the act of March
2, 1867, by issuing the letter of authority, with
intent to violate the Constitution, &c., " there
being no vacancy in the office of the Secretary
of War." If a legal vacancy existed the ma-
terial part of the accusation is gone. A letter
of authority, such as that issued to Thomas, is
in 110 sense an appointment to office as under-
stood by the Constitution. If it be, then the
power to issue such a letter in any case with-
out the assent of the Senate cannot be conferred
by Congress. If it be, the acts of 1792, 1795,
and 18G3 are unconstitutional. The sixth sec-
tion of the act of March 2, 1867, recognizes
the distinction between an appointment and a
letter of authority. The practice has been fre-
quent and unbroken, both with and without
the authority of statute law, to issue letters of
authority in cases of vacancy and temporary
disability almost from the formation of the
Government. It has been called for by the
necessity of always having some one at the
head of a Department. There is 110 law pro-
hibiting such a designation in case of a vacancy
in a Department. If the President had no
authority to issue the letter in this individual
case, it was, at most, a paper having 110 force
and conferring no power. It was 110 violation
either of the Constitution or the law. The fact
that on the very next day a nomination was
actually sent to the Senate, though, as the Sen-
ate bad adjourned, it was not communicated
until the succeeding day, goes to show that
there might have been no design to give any-
