THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25U
, Mr. HARLAN. The bill has been read
through and amended heretofore.
The PRESIDE-NT pro tempore. The bill
■will not be read unless the reading is called
for by some Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been read. I de-
sire to move an amendment to the amendment
agreed to by the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments heretofore made have all fallen by the
recommitment of the bill, and consequently
the Se'nate are acting on the original bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dislike to interfere with
this bill or any other, because it seems to dis-
turb our equable relations here; but I wish to
suggest to the Chair that I do not know of any
rule of parliamentary law by which an amend-
ment agreed to, which becomes apart of a bill,
goes out of it when it is referred. I beg the
Chair to reconsider that question. I do not
know that it is of any consequence on this par-
ticular bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Is of opinion that all amendments made to a
bill, when it is recommitted, fall with the re-
commitment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After they have been
agreed to?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. After they
have been agreed to. The whole question is
open to the committee, and when they report
it back it is without amendment unless they
make amendments anew.
- Mr. POMEROY. This bill was reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, and un-
der one of the new rules of the Senate went to
the Committee on Appropriations, and I ap-
prehend it is not true under our new rule, when
we send a bill which has been agreed to in com-
mittee to the Committee on Appropriations,
that then the amendments that have been agreed
to fall.- This sending of a bill to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations is a new feature of our
legislation, and has been required only a short
time by a rule. It is a mere matter of form,
for the general protection of appropriation
bills, that all bills, whether they are reported
from one committee or another, if they appro-
priate money, shall now go to the Committee
on Appropriations. This bill was referred,
under the rule of the Senate and upon a motion
to that effect, to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. The committee have had it before them
for some time, and have agreed to certain
amendments to the amendments that were sent
to them. Now, if the amendments fall by the
reference to that committee, how can you report
from this Committee on Appropriations amend-
ments to those amendments, which they have
done?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
the object of sending the bill to the committee
was to leave it all open them to adopt the
amendments or amend them as they saw fit.
It is all open to the committee, in the opinion
■of the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this is a question of
considerable practical importance, I hope the
Chair will permit me to make a suggestion,
although the Chair has suggested its opinion.
It appears to me to be plain—and I think the
Chair will find the parliamentary law is so—
that after an amendment is adopted it ceases
to be an amendment and becomes a part of
the text of the bill. An amendment that is
not adopted, on a reference of course falls,
and the committee can report anything that it
pleases; but when an amendment is once
agreed to it becomes just as much a part of the
bill as if it had been written in the bill itself.
When sent to a committee I do not deny but
what the committee can make an amendment
to that, which is an entirely different thing. I
say this with all respect to the Chair; but I
think I am right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a rule on that subject. Perhaps the Chair may
be mistaken in the construction of the rule;
but that is the idea of the Chair.
Mr. HARLAN. No appeal has been taken
from the decision.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 158.
Mr. POMEROY. The rule relates to all
general appropriation bills. My own opinion
is, although it was not the opinion of the Sen-
ate, that this bill did not properly come under
that rule, because it was not a general appro-
priation bill, but a sort of special appropria-
tion bill for a distinctive service—surveys.
This being a special appropriation hill, I think
it did not come under the rule relating to gen-
eral appropriation bills : but the Senate, when
the bill was up before, thought otherwise, and
sent it to the Committee on Appropriations.
Now, I apprehend it was proper for that com-
mittee, after the bill had been sent to them
amended, to suggest any other amendment,
and I have one which is an amendment to an
amendment heretofore agreed to.
Mr. HAKLAN. This bill is in Committee
of the Whole, and, as I understand it, we can
gain time by reoffering the amendments, if the
Senate should think it advisable to put them
on, though I hope the amendments may all fail
that were put on in the Senate when the bill
was under consideration heretofore. If it is in
order, I move to amend the bill as indicated in
the paper which I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
desire of the Chair that the question which has
been raised should be set right.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have a dis-
tinct understanding, in the first place, whether
the amendments agreed to by the Senate here-
tofore are a part of the bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
what we wish to ascertain, and we wish to have
it decided right by the rules. I do not think
this matter is provided for in the written rules
of the Senate, but it is in the general principles
of parliamentary law, as the Chairunderstands,
that the reference of a bill with amendments
to a committee opens the whole subject to the
consideration of that committee, and they can
report it back with those amendments or any
others that they see fit to make. They are not
bound by the amendments that were even
agreed to at the time it was referred.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill does not come
under that rule, because it has not been reported
baek. The committee have been discharged
from its further consideration by a vote of the
Senate. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may
change it.
Mr. POMEROY. And it comes to us now
in precisely the same shape that it was before
it went to the committee at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
rule be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 90 of Jeffer-
son's Manual is found the following:
" After progress in amending a bill m quasi com-
mittee, a motion maybe made to refer it to a special
committee. If the motion prevails it is equivalent
in effect to tho several votes that the committee rise,
the Home resume itself, discharge the Committee of
the Whole, and refer the bill to a special committee.
In that case the amendments already made fall."
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt about
that, because the amendments were adopted
there in committee and not by the body. Here
these amendments were agreed to by the body
itself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not take into consideration one circum-
stance: in this case the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill, which left it probably as it went to them.
The Chair will consider the amendments as
standing, because the committee have been
discharged, have had nothing to do with the
bill. It therefore comes back in the same
form that it went to them; but, if they had
reported it back, it would have been subject to
their remodeling from its foundation.
Mr. POMEROY. That being the case, the
bill being hefore the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole and open to amendment, I desire
to move an amendment.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Theamend-
ment will be read. The amendments hereto-
fore made will be. considered as adopted.
M^. HARLAN. Before that amendment is
put I desire to amend the text of the bill i
originally introduced.
Mr. POMEROY. I have 110 objection to
that. v
Mr. HARLAN. _ I move to amend the Hill
in section one, line live, by striking oil
"$26,862 93" and inserting "$27,980 51-^
so that the section will read: '
That there be, nnd is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. the sum ot Jii.ysu 51, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to pay balance dut; for the sur-
vey ol lands embraced in the O-'ago Indian reserva-
tion and the Cherokee neutial lands, in the State of
Kansas, under contracts dated respectively August
11 and 16,1866, the said sum to be returned to°the
Treasuryout of the proceeds of thesale of said lands
as provided by treaties with said Indians.
I make this motion in pursuance of a letter
written by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. If it should be adopted it will
be the exact amount found to be due.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to anrcnd the bill
in section three, lines two and three, by strik-
ing out "$62,015" and inserting" $89,014 63."
The amount appropriated by this section as it
was adopted by the Senate I have found is too
large, and this amendment reduces it about
one half. All this money is to be paid out of
the proceeds of the sales of the lands, and
there has been received up to this time from '
the sales of the lands $23,000. I offer this
amendment, reducing the sum appropriated
from $G2,015 t0 §39,014 63.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
third section read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$39,01-1 63, or so much thereof as may bo necessary,
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in tho
Treasury not heretofore appropriated, to pay for tho
survey of the O^we Indian trust lands ceded to tho
United States under treaty concluded September 29,
1865, upon a contract made with the General Land
Oilico under date of September 18,1866, and another
contract for another portion of said trust lands,
dated May 28, 1867; which survey is according to the
provisions of the second article of treaty concluded
with said tribe September 29, I860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move further to amend
the bill by adding the following as an additional
section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That there bo,
and is hereby, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, tho sum of
83,362 04, to pay the balance due for the survey of
lands embracedintheOmahaand Winnebago Indian
reservations in the State of Nebraska, under con-
tract. dated August 1 J. 1866, as provided by a treaty
with tho Omaha Indians, and authorized by tho act
of Congress approved July 28, 1866.
The Senate will remember that this matter
was before them some time ago when this bill
was under consideration, previous to its refer-
ence to the Committee on Appropriations.
They have agreed to it, and I think the Senate
has no objection to inserting it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope I shall not be
thought as interfering with a matter that does
not belong to me if I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands how much of the
money that is appropriated by this bill is due
to these contractors now by force of the con-
tract, and how much of it is due and payable
out of the proceeds of sales which have not
yet been made?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it all to be
due to the contractors now ; that is, the work
is all done, and their accounts are in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend does not under-
stand my question. My question is, how much
of this money, by contract with the surveyor,
was to be paid out of the proceeds to be de-
rived from the sales of the lauds where the
lands have not yet been sold and the proceeds
have not come into our possession.
Mr. HARLAN. I can answer the Senator's
question, with the leave of my friend from
Kansas. Nearly all of it will be paid ulti-
mately from the proceeds of the sales of the
lands. A large part of it is no-w in the Treas-
