1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Sir, you are not, by rejecting this amendment,
Striking at the Secretary of the Treasury ; you
are not subjecting him to any.inconvenience at
all; you are expressing no disapproval as to
his past conduct, nor putting any curb upon
him as to the future. He would be very glad,
indeed, to be released from this whole busi-
ness. What the Committee on Retrenchment
desire is that the duty shall be charged upon
, him to attend vigilantly to the interests of the
United States in reference to all this business,
and to close it up in such manner that the public
interests will not be sacrificed. It seems, there-
fore, perfectly absurd, at least very unreason-
able, to be arguing this question as if it was a
question between the Secretary of theTreasury
and some other interest in the Government,
or outside of the Government. It is a ques-
tion of imposing upon him inconvenient
duties, which this appropriation will oblige
him to perform. Withhold it, and he will sim-
ply stand and say, " Why, gentlemen of Con-
gress, you have laid down the law on this sub-
ject ; you have refused this appropriation ; I
am not responsible for the results, and let
everything take care of itself; and after a little,
when hundreds of claims are pouring into both
Houses of Congress and the Treasury of the
United States is bled, bled severely, you can-
not charge me with the responsibility for what
has taken place."
Mr. SPRAGUE. If I am correctly informed,
these suits are against the agents of the Gov-
ernment, or rather agents of the Treasury
Department, and not against the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Against both.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a largo num-
ber of suits against the Secretary and a number
of suits against agents besides.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 had some knowledge of
the collection of some portions of this property
in the earlier part ot the war, to the amount of
upward of a million, collected by the Secretary
of theTreasury without color of law; but,
understanding that there was this property in
the hands of various officers and followers of
the Army, he obtained assistance to enable him
to obtain it and to conveit it into money.
Thus a large portion of the money now under
consideration was really saved to the Treasury
which otherwise would have been distributed
among various persons connected with Army
operations; so that, in my judgment, whatever
does finally come into the Treasury is really to
a great extent clear gain to the Government
of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate and of Senators who opposed this
amendment last night particularly to the state-
ment that I am about to make, which did not
occur to mo last evening, as the matter had
been crowded off so long that some of the
reasons upon which the amendment was founded
were out of my mind It will be remembered
that, by the act of 1803, providing for the appli-
cation by claimants to the Court of Claims and
ascertaining whether they are entitled to any-
thing, they are to be paid out of the net pro-
ceeds of this very fund, after paying all the
expenses which are attached to it iu any way.
That is the chance the law gives them. It is,
therefore, essential and proper that this appro-
priation, if made at all, should be made out of
that fund, so that the Government may not bo
a dead loser by it, and pay the balance back
to the claimants. It is also essential that we
should provide for the liquidation of these
expenses, whatever they may be—law expenses
and expenses of agents, &c.—by the proper
officers of the Treasury, so as to have those
claims that are just, whatever they may be,
against the Government paid out of this fund
before the balance is paid out on the judg-
ments of the Court of Claims to the claimants.
Otherwise the Government is involved in a
dead loss, is out of pocket, if we refuse now
to provide for the payment of it and let the
claimants take it, when we shall have to make
it up out of the general Treasury. I should
hope that this consideration, which is plain
upon the law, but which, I confess, was out of
my mind last night, for the reason I have stated,
will be satisfactory to all gentlemen as an in-
ducement with them to permit this amendment
to be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator tell us
whether the net proceeds, in any event, of this
fund are very much more than enough to pay
the claims he refers to?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not at all demon-
sti-able, because there are millions and mil-
lions—I do not know how many—of claims
filed in the Court of Claims. The claims
urged, as stated and insisted upon, are prob-
ably in excess of the whole amount that was
received, because the claimants go upon the
ground, in asserting their claims, that they are
entitled to value upon their estimate. This is
a kind of trust fund, and out of the trust fund
are to be paid, first, the expenses, and then,
so far as a claimant can establish his owner-
ship and loyalty, he is to be paid his proportion
of the proceeds. That is the substance of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Take it so ; will the Sen-
ator inform us what tho difference would be
in arithmetic between transferring the gross
amount to the Treasury and then paying the
expenses from the Treasury afterwards out of
general funds and striking the balance and
paying the expenses out of this identical fund?
Does it not come to precisely the same thing?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would come to the
same thing if you kept a special account show-
ing the gross amount that is paid in and the
gross amount that is paid out. It comes to
the same thing as keeping a special account
of it, as has always been done.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator pro-
pose that these payments shall be made out of
this fund or any other, without any account
being kept of them?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; there is a separate
account of this matter kept now.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 know ; but, if there is
any way of arriving at the total expense, what
difference does it make whether you deduct
that total fiom the whole sum or whether you
pay the expenses originally from the particular
fund ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose it does not make
any difference; the substantial point is that it
is essential to liquidate these claims on the
fund, the expenses, whatever they may be,
(whether it is in the general account or a spe-
cial account,) in order to strike the balance out
of which the claimants are to have their pay.
Mr. CONKLING. That may be very satis-
factory to the Senator, but I confess I do not
see it. lie says this is a trust fund; and, although
I may excite the impatience of certain Sena-
tors by making the suggestion, I still venture
to make it: 1 will suppose that the Secretary
of the Treasury is assignee under a trust deed,
acting strictly as trustee of a trust fund, and
it is his business to pay from tho net avails of
that trust estate certain moneys. Isubmitto the
Senate whether there is any difference between
the trustee disbursing from his own money
whatever may be necessary, and charging that
afterwaid to the fund from which he is to pay,
and gathering up the fund in the first instance
and paying specifically from that. If there is
any difference whatever as a matter of result
I am entirely unable to see it. Jt is a mere
question of book-keeping; it is a mere matter
of addition and subtraction ; and Isuhmilthat
it is of no sort of moment, even as to the inter-
est account.
There is one other suggestion I beg to make
in answer more particularly to what was said
by the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania.
1 should like to know in all this business, in the j
resistance of these suits, where the Attorney j
General and his staff appear. Suits, as the i
Senator says, commenced all about will go !
undefended, although ho tells us that the Uni- ;
ted States is the real party in interest. Albeit :i
the name of some other party may appear of i
record, yet the real party in interest is the I!
United States. Wherever there is a court in 'j
which trials can take place there is a district i
attorney; there is an officer whose business it
is to appearprofessionally for the United States
and to represent the interest of the United
States. If the United States is sued, or if an
authorized agent representing for that purpose
the LTnited States is sued, for a fund in which
the United States, and the United States alone,
is primarily interested, I should like to know
why it is that the district attorneys do not de-
fend those suits, and why the Attorney Gen-
eral, through some one of his staff, does not
appear in each one of those cases. There seem
to be now a days a great many matters which
belong to usual litigation to wiiich the United
States is a party which it is not the business
of any Government officer to attend to. There
is a fashion, there is a custom, there is an un-
derstanding that special counsel are to be em-
ployed for almost everything. If a great crim-
inal trial is to take place, like that of J eff'erson
Davis, counsel are to be employed to conduct
it. If cases of this sort are to be defended or
resisted counsel are to be employed to do it.
I might, if I felt disposed, but it is not worth
while, enumerate a great many cases within the
recent recollection of all of us in which it seems
to be understood that it is the business of no
officer connected with the Government to ap-
pear, and yet we have officers receiving their
salaries, as I understand, for appearing and
acting iu these very eases. I do not believe
that with the duties of these officers performed
any of these eases will go undefended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did I understand the
Senator from Vermont to say that the claims
made in the Court of Claims were more than
the proceeds of the cotton?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said that, as I under-
stood it, the money now in the Treasury which
lias been paid in is less than the claims that
are made against this fund, taking the asser-
tions of the claimants in their papers—not those
in the Court of Claims alone, but in all the
suits pending all around.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Secretary's re-
port shows in round numbers a balance of
$24,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been put into
the Treasury.
Mr. TliUMBULL. Yes, except a little of
it, that is, perhaps, yet out. I presented to the
Senate the other day—I have not got it with
me now—an official statement from the Court
of Claims, showing the whole amount of claims
there presented, from which it appears the whole
ad damnum laid in all the declarations is some
seven million dollars. The real amount of the
claims is not a quarter of that, probably. We
all know that when parties file their declara-
tions or complaints it is the practice to lay the
amount of damages larger than is likely to be
recovered ; but the whole amount of damages
laid is not a third of the amount that has been
received, as stated by the official report.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it was about
eight million dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be just one
third, because there is a balance, according to
the official report, of $24,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the large amount of proceeds from this
cotton business, and very much the largest
amount, comes from the sales of the Savannah
cotton, as we all understand. Some portion
of the proceeds of that cotton has been claimed
before the Court of Claims, but the largest
portion ot it is covcred in the suits which have
been alluded to. I think there are about one
hundred of them in New York commenced
against Mr. Draper and the Secretary of the
Treasury—actions of trespass. Those partiea
did not choose to go into the Court of Claims,
and they commenced their suits elsewhere. I
understand that the claims made in the suits
pending cover pretty much all the proceeds.
Probably all will not be admitted, and I hope
it will turn out that not a large portion of these
claims will be allowed ; but the absolute claims
made, I presume, cover pretty much the bulk
of the proceeds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
