3538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
shall be fined for every offense not less than $500 nor
more than $5,000. and imprisoned for not less than
six months nor more than two years.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. INGBRrSOLL called for a separate vote
on the following amendment:
Page 15, section twelve, lines five to eight inclusive,
strike out "one hundred bushels of grain or less in
twenty-four hours, live dollars per day; and three
dollars per day for every hundred bushels of such
capacity in excess of onehundred bushels in twenty-
four hours," and insert in lieu thereof: 44Twenty
bushels of grain or leas in twenty-four hours, two
dollars per day; and two dollars per day for every
twenty bushois of such capacity in excess of twenty
bushels in twenty-four hours;" so that the section,
as amended, will road as follows :
^ That there shall bo assessed and collected monthly,
in the same manner as othor taxes are assessed and
oollecfced, on every registered distillery having an
aggregate oapacity for mashing and fermenting
twenty bushels of grain or less in twenty-lour hours,
two dollars per day; and two dollars per day for
every twenty bushels of such capacity in excess of
twenty bushois in twenty-tour hours.
The question was taken, and the amendment
•was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded a separate vote
on the following amendment:
Page 87, after line seventy-five, insert the follow-
ing :
Provided, That a like tax of four dollars on each
barrel, containing forty gallonsof proof-spirits to the
ban el, shall bo assessed and collected from the owner
ot any distilled spirits winch may be in any bonded
warehouse at the date of tho taking effect of this act,
to be paid whenever tho same shall be withdrawn
from such warehouse under the provisions of tho
sixty-second section of this act.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK called for a separate vote
on the following amendment:
Pago 114. section ninety-two, line two, after the
word* packed" insert " by tho manufacturerand
in line five, strike out the word " person " and insert
cigar manufacturer;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 91. And be it further enacted, That from and
after tho passage of this act all cigars shall be packed
by the manufacturer in boxes, not before used for
that purpose, containing not more, respectively, than
twenty-five, fifty, one hundred, two hundred and
fifty, or five hundred oigars each ; and any cigar man-
ufacturer who shall sell or offer lor sale, or deliver or
offer to deliver, any cigars in any other form, &c.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it was a mistake
to jDut in those words. The intention is to
punish any person who does this.
J he question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House
refused to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
a separate vote on the following amentnient:
Strike out section one hundred and eight, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 108. And be it further enacted. That there shall
bo levied, collected, and paid a tax of one twelfth of
one per cent, each month upon the average amount
ot the deposits of money, othor than public money
ot the United States, subject to payment by check or
dralt, or represented by certificates of deposit or
otherwise, whether payable on demand or at some
iuturc day, with any person, bank, association, com-
pany, orcorporation engaged in thebusiness of bank-
ing, and a tax ol one tourth of one per cent, each
month on the average amount of all deposits of
public money in their possession to the credit of the
.treasurer or any disbursing officer of the United
btites; and a tax of one twenty lourth of one per
cent, each month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of
any bank, association, oompany, or corporation
engaged m tho business of banking, and on the
capital employed by any person in the business of
banking, beyond the average amount invested in
United btatcs bonds; and a tax of one sixth of one
percent, each month upon tho averago amount of
circulation issu9d by any bank, as -ociation, eorpo-
ration, company, or person, including as circulation
ail certified checks and all notes and other obliga-
tions calculated or intended to circulate or to be
used as money, but not including that in the vault
of the bank, or redeemed and on deposit tor said
bank. And atrue and accurate return of the amount
ot circulation, of deposit, and of capital, as afore-
said, and of the amount of notes of persons. State
banks, and State banking associations, and of States,
cities, towns, orothfr municipal corporations, paid
out by them for the previous month, shall be made
and lendercd monthlybyeachofthemtotheassessor
of the district in which such bank, association, cor-
poration, or company may be located, or in which
such person has his place of business, with a decla-
ration annexed thereto, verified by the oath or
affirmation of such person, or of the president or
cashier of suoh bank, association, corporation, or
company, in such form and manner as may be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
And for any refusal or neglect to make or to render
such return and pay the tax any such bank, associa-
tion, corporation, company, or person so in default
shall be subject to and pay a penalty of $200, besides
the additional penalty and forfeitures in other cases
provided by law; and in default of such icturn the
several amounts subject to tax shall be estimated by
tho assessor or assistant assessor on the best inform-
ation he can obtain. And in the case of banks with
branches each branch shall make a separate return,
and the taxshall beassessedoH cachsoverally. And
so much of tho forty-first section of tho act to pro-
vide a national currency secuicd by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provido for the circula*
tion and redemption thereof," approved Junorf,1864,
as impobes a tax on tho banks organized under that
act, and requires returns to bemado to tho Treasurer
of the United States, be, and is hereby, repealed:
Provided, That the deposits in associations or com-
panies knowa as provident institutions, savings-
banks, savings funds, or savings institutions, having
no capital stock and doing no other business than
receiving deposits to bo loaned or invested for the
sole benefit of tho parties making such deposits,
without profit or compensation to tho association or
company, shall be exempt from tax on so much of
their deposits as they havo inves ed in securities of
the United States, and on all deposits less than $500
made in thonamoofanyonoperson; and thereturns
required to be made by such provident institutions
and savings-banks shall be made on tho first Monday
ot January and July of each year, in such form and
manner as may be prescribed by tho Commissioner
of Internal ltevenuo.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House refuses to con-
cur in striking out, in what form is the section
then presented to the House?
The SPEAKER. It remains as originally
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
in the printed bill.
The Clerk commenced the roll-call.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
that the rule may be read which prohibits any
gentleman from voting on a question in which
he is interested, so that gentlemen here who
are directors of banks and owners of bank
stock shall not rote——
The SPEAKBIA. The roll-call cannot be
interrupted to read a rule or for any other busi-
ness.
Mr. INGliliSOLL. Is'not that one of the
standing rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. Every member is sup-
posed to understand the rules of the House.
The call of the roll was then completed ;
and the question was decided in the negative-
yeas 57, nays 71, not voting 66 ; as follows:
Y-EAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Blair, Cake, Cornell, Covodo, Delano, Dixon
Ih-iggs, Eckley, Eliot, Ferriss, Garfield, Griswold,
Halsey, Higby, Hooper, IIo toil kiss, Chester I). Hub-
bard, Jenckos, Julian, Kelsey. Ketcham, Marvin,
Morcur, Moorhead, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn
Robertson, Sawyer, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart, Tiowbridge, Twichell, Upbon.Van Aernam,
V an Wyck, Cadwatader C. Washburn, H-uiry D.
Washburn.William B.Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F, Wilson, and Stephen K. Wilson—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Delos It. Ashley,
Axtoll, Baker, Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Buckland
Benjamin F.Butler,Bodciiek R. Butler, Cary, Cobb
Coburn.CuIlom, Donnelly. Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge
larnswortb, Ferry, Getz, Gravely, Grover, Harding,
Hawkins, Hinds, lioiman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones,
J add, Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridgo, Marshall, Maynard,
McUurg, MoUortmck, MeKee, Muilins, Niblack,
Phelps, Pike, Polslcy, Raum, Robinson, Roots,
&c bfoilcM' Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
laffe, laylor, Ihomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Ward, Welker, William Williams, and Wia-
dom—71.
x NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Larnurn, Beaman, Boyer, Brorawell,
Brooks, Brooinail, Burr, Chanler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cook, Dawes, Dodge
Fields, Finney, Fox,Glossbrenner,Golladav,Haight,
Hill,Hopkins., Asahel W. Hubbard,Richard D.Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelley, Kerr
Kitchen. Lafiin, Lincoln, Loan,Lynch, Mallory Mc-
Carthy, McCullough, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morris-
sey, Mungon, Nowoomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Perham,
Randall, Ross, Selye.Shellabarger, Sitgreaves Thad-
deus btevena, fatone, Xaber.John Trimble, Burt Van
Horn. Kobcrt I. Van Hoin, Van Trump, Blihu B.
Woodward-re ' Woodbridee. and
So the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE said: My colleague,
Mr. Beaman, is still detained from the House
by sickness'.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote.just. taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment from the Comor.ittee
of the Whole was to strike out section one hun-
dred and nine, as follows :
Sec. 109. And be it further enacted, -That every
national banking association. State bank, or State
banking association, corporation, company, or per-
son engaged in the business of banking, shall pay a
tax of ten per cent, on the amount of notes of any
person, State bank, or State banking association, or
of any State, town, city, or other municipal corpo-
ration, used for ciiculation and paid out by them,
and suoh tax shall he assessed and paid in such man-
ner as shall bo prescribed by law. and by tho Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue: Provided, That this
section shall not apply to banks, persons, or institu-
tions which are in liquidation and which have not
issued any notes for circulation for a period of more
than one year.
Mv. SCHENCK. I ask for a separate vote
on that amendment; and as section one hun-
dred and eight has not been stricken out I
hope thi§ will not be.
The question was then taken ; and the amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the
Whole was not agreed to.
The last amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to insert after sec-
tion one hundred and ten the following :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That in ©very
ease whero it bocomos necessary to ascertain the
amount of annual or monthly sales made by any
person on whom a special tax is imposed by this act
or to ascertain the cxcess of such sales above a given
amount, such amounts and excesses shall be ascer-
tained and returned under such regulations and in
such form as shall bo prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and'in any case where
the amount of the tax has been increased by this act
above the amount before paid by any person in that
bohjilf, such person, excopt retail dealers, shall be
again assessed and pay the amount of such increr.se
fr«m the taking effect of this act; and in any esse
wheie the amount of sales or receipts has been un-
derstated or underestimated by any person, such
person shall be again assessed for such deficiency,
and shall be required to pay the same,with any pen-
alty or penalties that may by law haveaccrned or be
chargeable thereon.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that amendment
will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
that the section just adopted he transferred to
another portion of the bill, where it properly
belongs, immediately after section sixty-five,
in relation to special taxes.
No objection was made.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PILL. 1 move that the House now
adjourn.
1 lie motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL : The petition of citi-
zens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an appropriation to improve St. Mary's
river and St. Mary's falls canal.
Also, the petition of Samuel Gardner, jr.,
asking-the extension of a patent.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of M. E.
Owens, of Oktibbeha county, Mississippi, pray-
ing for relief from political disabilities.
