1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8539
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of citizens of Boston interested ia
the copper and iron mining interest of Lake
Superior, for an appropriation to improve the
navigation of St. Mary's river and the St.
Mary's falls ship-canal.
By Mr. JUDD: Papers in case of James R.
Stanley, asking return of commutation money.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of 72 em-
ployes in bookbinderies of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, representing that the industry of the
country is paralyzed for want of efficient pro-
tection against the cheaper labor of foreign
countries, and the manufacturing population
cannot continue to pay prices for provisions
even approaching those now realized by agri-
culturists while exposed to competition with
the Old World under the existing tariff; that
much of the distress now prevalent and in-
creasing daily would be relieved by the pas-
sage of the tariff bill which failed in the House
of Representatives March, 18G7 ; and praying
that Congress will resume consideration of that
measure, and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
Also, a memorial of 155 citizens and firms
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, engaged in the
manufacture of carpets, leather, chemicals,
cotton goods, brass, &c., complaining of the
want of efficient protection against the cheaper
laborand capital of foreign countries, and pray-
ing that Congress will resume consideration of
the tariff bill which failed in the House March,
18G7,_and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
By Mr. ROBINSON ; The petition of citi-
zens of New York against the proposed tax
on low-priced cigars, known as cheroots.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Lane &
Bartlett, for compensation for cotton used in
fortifications at Nashville, Tennessee, in 18(52.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 27, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Okay, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating information in relation
to the Tabequache band of Utah Indians ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART. I hold in my hand a com-
munication from the Second Assistant Post-
master General with reference to a resolution
I offered on the 13th instant, calling for inform-
ation in relation to a contract with Pratt,
Arnold, and Walbridge, for carrying the mail
on route No. 16703, from Boise City, Idaho,
to Humboldt City, Nevada. The whole matter
has been adjusted, and I move that the letter
be received as an- answer to the resolution.
There is no occasion for any further response.
I move that it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid on the table, no objection being made.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Robert Lebby, M. D., of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying a removal of the civil dis-
abilities imposed on him by acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING presented apetition of citi-
zens of Steuben county, New York, praying
the passage of the bill granting pension to the
soldiers of the war of 1812; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition, exten-
sively signed by the merchants of Boston—in-
deed, I recognize nearly every house engaged
in foreign commerce—in which they represent
that great injury has been done to our com-
merce and revenue by the prohibition of the
export of distilled spirits, and they request that
some legislation be immediately taken to grant
the relief needed. I understand that the tax
bill, which has already passed the House of
Representatives, does not supply the remedy
that is asked ; and the bill that passed the other
day, owing to an amendment made in the Sen-
ate, is practically inoperative ; indeed, it only
applies to a very narrow class of cases. I have
seen certain gentlemen who are interested in
this matter, and they set forth the great hard-
ship of the existing legislation and the import-
ance of being able to make this export to the
coast of Africa, in order to sustain a very import-
ant branch of commerce, important on that
coast, and which is equally important at home
here. -A cargo to the coast of Africa has not
only New England rum, but various other
articles which are contributed by different parts
of the country, and all of that commerce is
disturbed unless the merchants can have the
privilege of this export. I make this statement
in order to call the attention of my friend, the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to the
subject when he takes the tax bill under con-
sideration, and I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES. I present the petition of W.
W. Thornton, P. W. Barclay, and others, citi-
zens of Cairo,Illinois, praying Congress to pass
a general law regulating the construction of
bridges over the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, so
that they shall not obstruct nor make danger-
ous the navigation thereof, and remonstrating
against railroad bridges across the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers with spans of less than five
hundred feet. I desire to remark that these
petitioners >ivc at the confluence of the Ohio
and Missis*ippi rivers, and are the first busi-
ness men in that section of the country. They
understand the subject about which they talk;
and this question of the size and length and
span of bridges across the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers is becoming one of the utmost im-
portance throughout the Northwest and in the
South, in the Gulf States, and the attention of
the committee is earnestly requested to the
prayer of the petitioners. I move the refer-
ence of the petition-to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. •
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions be granted to the soldiers and
sailors and the widows of soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Peusions.
reports of committees.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the following
petitions and resolutions, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to :
Three petitions of citizens of the United
States, praying the passage of a law making
eight hours a legal day's work in all Govern-
ment workshops ;
Two resolutions of the Mechanics' State
Council of California, in favor of the passage
of the bill fixing eight hours as a legal day's
work ; and
A resolution adopted at a meeting of the
Machinists' and Blacksmiths' Union No. 4, of
Indiana, asking the passage of the bill mak-
ing eight hours a day's work for Government
employ6s.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1158) for the
relief of Commander John L. Davis, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Oscar Bullus. commodore on the retired list,
have had the same under consideration, and
have instructed me to report a bill supple-
mentary to the act to amend certain acts in
relation to the Navy, passed March 2, 1867,
which will cover his case and that of other
officers in like position with himself. A writ-
ten repOrt accompanies the bill, and I ask that
it be printed.
The bill (S. No. 574) supplementary to the
act to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy, passed March 2, 1867, was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 869) prescribing an oath of office
to be taken by persons from whom legal dis-
abilities shall have been removed, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 300) to enable
admiralty courts to decree salvage to incorpo-
rations formed for wrecking or salvage pur-
poses, moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 378) organizing a
commission for the examination and decision
of claims in the War Department, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom were referred the petitions of grand and
petit jurors of the circuit court of the United
States for the circuit and district of Massachu-
setts,praying for additional compensation to the-
jurors, have instructed me to report them back,
and ask to be discharged from their further
consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. May I appeal to the Sena-
torin regard to that last matter ? I do itbecause
there have been several petitions that have been
presented on that subject. I presented soma
only a week or a fortnight ago, and I think
some at an earlier date in the session. The
petition that I presented a short time ago was
sustained by the recommendations of both the
judges, the marshal, and the district attorney ;
and it did seem to me on its face to present a
hardship. I did nof see how the jurors could
be expected to go there and perform that ser-
vice when they did not receive a compensation
on which they could live at the ordinary hotels.
I ask the Senator from Illinois whether the
subject was so fully considered by the commit-
tee that they cannot be induced to supply any
remedy?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is no new subject
before the Committee on the Judiciary. It has'
been before the committee, I think, ever since
I have been a member of it. The Senator
from Massachusetts must be aware that it is
not the jurors of Massachusetts alone who are
to be affected, but any law on this subject
involves a change of compensation to all the
jurors throughout the United States. In many
of the States it is a matter of convenience for
gentlemen to be on the jury in the United
States courts, especially to those who like to
visit the seat of Government. The courts gen-
erally meet about the time the Legislatures
assemble in the State capitals. In most of tho
States there is but one place of holding a
United States court, and it is considered rather
a favor, in many instances, to be summoned on
the United States juries. It is probable that
the present pay is too small; I think myself it
ought to be more than two dollars a day. I
think that an inadequate compensation; but
the committee thought that it was not advis-
able at this time to undertake to change the
general law on that subject. The same com-
plaint comes from district attorneys and also
from the marshals ; but the committee have
been against any increase of compensation at
this time. A year ago we did undertake to
recommend an increase of the salaries of the
judges, and that prevailed, and I was in hopes
that that would be the end of that controversy ;
but we find even at the present session that
some of the judges are still dissatisfied, although^
their salaries were raised at that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports of
committees are still in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Hannah Tyndall, Hannah Lewis,
and Susan Phipic, praying that the widows
and orphans of seamen,' marines, sailors, and
others, serving in the Navy of the United
