1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tlie damages laid in any other suits, but in the
suits in the Court of Claims the ad damnum
is not one third the amount of the fund, and as
to the others I have no sort of information.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Nor have I; but I
know there are about one hundred suiis in
number, and pretty much everything Mr.Draper
had anything to do with was covered ; and he
was the genera:! agent to receive that cotton
and bring it to New York and sell it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I said or intended
to say was_, that all the claims of all descriptions
against this cotton fund were, as I understood
it, equal to or in excess of the money that is
actually in the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator has such
information I should like to know what he
bases it upon ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I base it upon the in-
formation I have received at the Department
as to the nature of these suits, the amounts
claimed, and the principles on which they pro-
ceed. Take the Savannah cotton, which was
the largest, involving several millions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no evidence
of any such suits in the report sent to us by the
Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be ; but if the
Senator would take the pains to investigate the
matter himself a little personally, and ascer-
tain what the nature of these suits is and how
much is claimed, he would find that the amount
claimed for the Savannah cotton is largely in
excess of the gross proceeds of that very cot-
ton, because these suits of trespass go for the
full value of the cotton as claimed by the
owner at the highestmarket price at the time of
seizure, and we all know that those sales were
made on a falling market. If the plaintiffs
leeover they will recover on that principle. I
hope they will not, and I do not expect that
they will recover ; but it is a question that is to
be determined in the courts. Now, inasmuch
as when this question is determined, if it be
determined against us, we have to pay out of
this money, and thus reduce the sum which
other claimants in the Court of Claims will have
to draw upon, it is necessary, for the protection
of the Government, that these claims for ex-
penses against this fund should be liquidated
by the accounting officers of the Treasury, and
taken out of the fund we have to pay them out
of, instead of out of our own general funds.
But, sir, I do not wish to occupy the time of
the Senate any more on the subject.
Mr. TllUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Bucknlew.Cole,
Corbett. Cragin, Davis. Dixon. Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nor-
ton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
ley, and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conknng,
Conness, Fowler, Harlan, Morgan, Pomeroy. Stew-
art, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, and Yates—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattcll. Doolittle, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Thayer, and Wilson—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I forbore when this
matter was in committee taking up much time
in regard to it; but it does seem to me that
the Senate cannot have understood the effect
of this amendment. It is most extraordinary
to me that, with the evidence which we have
before us in regard to these cotton transactions,
the Congress of the United States should pass
its sanction upon what has been done. Now,
I will state in general—and I should be very
glad to have the attention of the Senate what
the condition of this matter is.
The Secretary of the Treasury reports, in
round numbers, that lie has received $34,000,-
000 of gross receipts from captured and aban-
doned property, chiefly from cotton.
He reports that there is left a net sum of
$21,000,000. He has been adjudicating upon
claims. If you will examine the laws—I shall
not go into the examination ,now—I think
it is as clear as any question can be that he
had no authority whatever to adjudicate upon
these claims; but in doing so, in adjudica-
ting upon claims and in paying expenses in
various ways, the amount of the fund has been
reduced to $24,000,000. This money, which
the law required to be paid into the Treasury
oft.be United States, has been kept out of the
Treasury, all of it, for some length of time. I
introduced a resolution to ascertain when it
was paid in, but it has not yet been answered.
Will any Senator tell me that he had a right to
hold this money year after year outside of the
Treasury? In the resolution I inquired further
where the money was during that time, and
who had the use of it. The fact is, that the
whole of that money is not covered into the
Treasury to-day, and the object of this resolu-
tion is to get it into the Treasury.
A word now in regard to the claims. The
Senator from Maine is very much in the habit,
I know, of saying that we do not understand
aboutthese matters. The law provided that if
a party's cotton or property has been taken
which was not properly subject to be taken,
he might at any time within two years after
the suppression of the rebellion make appli-
cation to the Court of Claims ; and when he
goes there what must he prove? He is re-
quired to prove that he owned the cotton and
that he was loyal; and on making this proof
he is authorized to recover back, less the
expenses, the value of the property which
had been taken from him. No man can get
into the Court of Claims unless he is a loyal
man. There is one tribunal erected in this
country that a traitor cannot get into. The
first thing a claimant in that court has to do is
to file a petition alleging his loyalty, and then
he has to prove it. But the Treasury Depart-
ment, which undertook, as I insist, without the
least authority of law to pass upon these claims,
made no question of loyalty. I have before
me a statement furnished by Mr. Mackay, who
gives the names of the various persons to
whom this property was restored through the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who is Mr. Mackay?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A brother of the pres-
ident of the convention of South Carolina now
in session. In 1806 Mr. M. T. Bonhain, a
claimant, had restored to him $14,232 23,
which is reported by the Secretary ot' the Treas-
ury as '■ released." Mr. M. T. Bonhain was
a .South Carolinian, and "a brigadier general
in the confederate States army." What chance
would he have stood in the Court of Claims?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What evidence are you
reading from?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from a statement
made by a gentleman whose name I give you—
Mr. Mackay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is he?
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not want to hear
of him, I suppose?
Mr. EDMUNDS. YTes, I do; and that is
why I ask about him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have given you his
name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where does he live?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has been in South
Carolina, and connected with the Freedmen's
Bureau ; and this statement comes in answer
to a letter addressed to that Department to
know who these men are, and it is furnished
by this gentleman.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where can he be found?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was in the city of
Washington, and I presume can be found here
now. Batturs & Co. had released to them six
hundred and seven bales of cotton. They are
of Georgia ; they were blockade runners. One
of these gentlemen—I have the proof here ; I
have had the papers furnished to me contain-
ing the testimony taken in a case pending in
the Court of Claims, where one of these parties
was put upon oath and confessed to being
engaged in blockade running. Fitch & Metcalf
had returned to them two hundred and sixty-
six bales of cotton. They were also o£ Georgia,
and were engaged in blockade running.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In May, 1866. In April,
1866, twenty bales of cotton were releasedt©
S. DeBow, who was of South Carolina, and'a
violent rebel. Rev. Dr. Fuller had restored to
him $3,507 02. These amounts will be found
in the official report of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Rev. Dr. Fuller was of Baltimore,
an avowed sympathizer with the rebels, and
the cotton was seized in South Carolina. l'h<3
Louisiana State Bank had returned to it seven
hundred and forty-nine bales of cotton, and
it was the financial agent of the confederate
States. R. Muir & Co. had returned to them
sixty-eight bales of cotton. They were of
South Carolina, and notorious blockade run-
ners. Mrs. E. Miller had $8,558 56 restored
to her. She is of Georgia, and the cotton was
bought of the rebel Government. H. Spanier
had fifty-three bales, of the value of $2,438,
returned. He was of Louisiana, and was em-
ployed by the confederate States government.
Then follow several others, alt of which are
stated to be disloyal. J. \V. Jones had one
thousand two hundred bales of cotton restored.
He is of the Choctaw nation. He was a mem-
ber of the confederate States congress, equipped
a regiment of Indians, and sold the cotton- in
question to the confederate States of America.
Major Billups was of Mississippi. He had two *
hundred bales of cotton recovered, presenting
his claim through Watterson & Crawford, of
Washington city. Major Billups was of the
confederate States army, and the property was
sold to the confederate States government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was the case al-
luded to the other day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the case al-
luded to the other day, and I can tell you
something about the case. Major Billups came
on here for the purpose of recovering this cot-
ton, and went to parties, who told him that he
could not recover it, that there would be no
chance i'or him to get it; but by making trans-
fers around he afterward succeeded in recov-
ering some of the cotton.
But the worst case, I think, which has come
to my knowledge is one which I will now state.
The facts have been furnished to me in writing,
and 1 have handed them to the chairman of
the Committee on Retrenchment, and that
committee, I hope, are investigating them.
C. A. Weed & Co., according to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, had returned
to them thirteen hundred and thirty-seven
bales of cotton. I do not know who they are,
but that they are rebels, not entitled to the
cotton. I cannot give their location, though
I believe it has been stated to me who they
are. C. A. Weed & Co. claimed some cotton.
The Secretary of the Treasury employed two
gentlemen, one by the name of Hovey, and the
name of the other has escaped my recollection
at this moment, though I furnished it to the
chairman of the Committee on Retrenchment.
General Hovey, of Indiana, was one of the
two, and he furnished me a statement of the
matter. I cannot at present recall the name
of the other gentleman, but General Hovey
and another person were employed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to gather up rebel
cotton in the southern States after the rebel-
lion collapsed. They went South and gathered
up five hundred bales of cotton. T hey gath-
ered up five hundred bales belonging to the
confederate States government, and furnished
evidence of the fact that it did belong to that
government to the Secretary of the Treasury.
They were to be allowed twenty-five per cent,
of the proceeds. The cotton had been marked
as the property of that government, and the
confederate States government loolc the cotton.
'They left it in different portions of the coun-
try, and had marked upon it the fact that it
belonged to them. They made a warehouse
of each building where the cotton was stored.
The cotton that these gentlemen gathered up
