THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
execution of the so-called reconstruction act
of March 2, 1868.
Whereby lie was guilty of a high misdemeanor
in office on the 21st day of February, 1868.
I have already stated, in commenting on the
tenth article, that I do not consider the Presi-
dent Vileclaration, on the 18th of August,
1866,-"(p# fairly liable to the construction there
put u^96n it and repeated in this article. There
were no such words said, nor can they be fairly
implied. The words were that it was not a
Congress of the United States, but only of a
part of the States. Taken literally, these words
were true. But a Congress of a part of the
States may be a constitutional Congress, capa-
ble of passing valid laws, and as such the Pres-
ident has uniformly recognized the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. The declaration being per-
fectly susceptible of an innocent meaning, and
all his official acts being consistent with that
meaning, it would be unjust to suppose a dif-
ferent one, which he did not express.
fn this view the foundation of the article
fails.
_ But whether in pursuance of that declara-
tion or not, did he unlawfully devise means to
prevent the execution of the law of March 2,
1867, in the manner charged?
The first specification rests, if upon any-
thing, upon the letter to General Grant, dated
February 10, 1868. This letter must be taken
as a whole, and not considered by detached
parts.
From that letter I am satisfied that the Presi-
dent expected General Grant, in case the Sen-
ate should not concur in the suspension of Mr.
Stanton, to resign the office to him, so that he
might iiave an opportunity to fill the office be-
fore Mr. Stanton resumed the performance of
its duties, with a view of compelling Mr. Stan-
ton to seek his remedy in the court. If the
President had such a design, it could only be
carried out legally by removing Mr. Stanton
before he should have time to resume the func-
tions of Secretary of War, if the President
had a right to remove him. It has been seen
by my remarks upon the first article, that I
think the President had such right. The
design, then, if the President entertained it,
was not unlawful..
As to the second specification, it has not,
that I can see, any proof to sustain it; and if
it had, it is not quite apparent how an attempt
to prevent the execution of the act for the sup-
port of the Army can be considered as proof
of an intention to violate the civil-tenure act,
which seems to be the gravamen of this article.
No evidence whatever was adduced to show
that the President had devised means, or in
any way attempted, to prevent the execution
of the act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States.''
It has been assumed in argument by the
managers that the President, in his answer,
claims not only the right under the Constitu-
tion to remove officers at his pleasure, and to
suspend officers for indefinite periods, but also
to fill offices thus vacated for indefinite periods
—a claim which, if admitted, would practically
deprive the Senate of all power over appoint-
ments, and leave them in the President alone.
The President does claim the power of removal,
and that this includes the power of suspension.
But a careful examination of his answer will
show that he claims no other power than that
conferred by the act of 1705, to fill vacancies
in the Departments temporarily, and for a
period not exceeding six months, not by ap-
pointment without the consent of the Senate,
but by designation, as described in the act—a ;
pow er conferred by Congress, and which can .
be taken aivay at any time, if it should be |
found injurious to the public interest. i
Even, however, if the claim of the President j
did go to the extent alleged, it is not made a j
charge against him in the articles of impeach- j
men!,. And however objectionable and repre- !
hcnsiblo any such claim might be, he cannot
be convicted of a high misdemeanor for as-
serting an unconstitutional doctrine, if he has
made_ no attempt to give it practical effect,
especially without a charge against him and a
trial upon it.
I atn unwilling to close the consideration of
this remarkable proceeding before adverting to
some other points which have been presented
in the argument.
The power of impeachment is conferred by
the Constitution in terms so general as to occa-
sion great diversity of- opinion with regard to
the nature of offenses whfth may be held to
constitute crimes or misdemeanors within its
intent and meaning. Some contend, and with
great force of argument, both upon principle
and authority, that only such crimes and mis-
demeanors are intended as are subject to indict-
ment and punishment as a violation of some
known law. Others contend that anything is a
crime or misdemeanor within the meaning of
the Constitution which the appointed judges
choose to consider so; and they argue that the
provision was left indefinite from the necessity
of the case, as offenses of public officers, in-
jurious to the public interest, and for which the
offender ought to bo removed, cannot be accu-
rately defined beforehand; that the remedy pro-
vided by impeachment is of a political char-
acter, and designed for the protection of the
public against unfaithful and corrupt officials.
Granting, for the sake of the argument, that
this latter construction is the true one, it must
be conceded that the power thus conferred
might be liable to very great abuse, especially
in times of high party excitement, when the
passions of the people are inflamed against a
perverse and obnoxious public officer. If so, it
is a power to be exercised with extreme cau-
tion when you once get beyond the line of
specific criminal offenses. The tenure of public
offices, except those of judges, is so limited in
this country, and the ability to change them by
popular suffrage so great, that it would seem
hardly worth while to resort to so harsh a
remedy, except in extreme cases, and then
only upon clear and unquestionable grounds.
In the case of an elective Chief Magistrate
of a great and powerful people, living under a
written Constitution, there is much more at
stake in such a proceeding than the fate of the
individual. The office of President is one of
the great coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment, having its defined powers, privileges, and
duties; as essential to the very framework of
the Government as any other, and to be touched
with as careful a hand. Anything which con-
duces to weaken its hold upon the respect of
the people, to break down the barriers which
surround it, to make it the mere sport of tem-
porary majorities, tends to the great injury of
our Government, and inflicts a wound upon
constitutional liberty. It is evident, then, as
it seems to me, that the offense for which a
Chief Magistrate is removed from office, and
the power intrusted to him by the people trans-
ferred to other hands, and especially where the
hands which receive it are to be the same which
take it from him, should be of such a character
as to commend itself at once to the minds of
all right-thinking men as, beyond all question,
an adequate cause. It should be free from the
taint of party; leave no reasonable ground of
suspicion upon the motives of those Jvho inflict
the penalty, and address itself to the country
and the civilized world as a measure justly
called for by the gravity of the crime and the
necessity for its punishment. Anything less
than this, especially where the offense is one
not defined by any law, would, in my judg-
ment, not be justified by a calm and considerate
public opinion as a cause for removal of a
President of the United States. And its inev-
itable tendency would be to shake the faith
of the friends of constitutional liberty in the
permanency of our free institutions and the
capacity of man for self-government.
Other offenses of the President, not speci-
fied in the articles of impeachment, have been
pressed by the managers as showing the ne-
cessity for his removal. It might be sufficient
to reply that all such were long prior in date
to those charged in the articles; have beeh.ftiijy
investigated'in the House of Representatives,
were at one time decided by a majority of the
learned Committee on the Judiciary In that
body to present "no sufficient' ground for im-
peachment, and were finally dismissed by t'he
House as not affording adequate cause for
such a proceeding, by a vote of nearly, if not
quite, two to one. But it is enough to say that
they are not before the Senate, and that body
has no Tight to consider them. Against them
the President has had no opportunity to
defend himself, or even to enter his denial. To
go outside of the charges preferred, and to con-
vict him because, in our belief, he committed
offenses for which he is not on trial, would be
to disregard every principle which regulates
judicial proceedings, and would be not only a
gross wrong in itself, but a shame and humili-
ation to those by whom it was perpetrated.
It has been further intimated by the Man-
agers that public opinion calls with a loud voice
for the conviction and removal of the Presi-
dent. One Manager lias even gone so far as
to threaten with infamy every Senator who
voted for the resolution passed by the Senate
touching the removal of Mr. Stanton, and who
shall now vote for the President's acquittal.
Omitting to comment upon the propriety of
this remark, it is sufficient to say, with regard
to myself, that I not only did not vote for that
resolution, but opposed its adoption. Had I
so voted, however, it would afford no justifica-
tion for convicting the President, if 1 did not,
on examination and reflection, believe him
guilty. A desire to be consistent would not
excuse a violation of my oath to do " impartial
justice." A vote given in haste and with little
opportunity for consideration would be a lame
apology for doing injustice to another, after
full examination and reflection.
To the suggestion that popular opinion de-
mands the conviction of the President on these
charges, I reply that he is not now on trial
before the people, but before the Senate. In
the words of Lord Kldon, upon the trial of
the Queen, " I take no noticc of what is pass-
ing out of doors, because I am supposed con-
stitutionally not to be acquainted with it."
And again, "It is the duty of those on whom
a judicial task is imposed to meet reproach
and not court popularity." The people have
not heard the evidence as we have heard it.
The responsibility is not on them, but upon
us. They have not taken an oath to " do im-
partial justice according to the Constitution
and the laws." I have taken that oath. I
cannot render judgment upon their convic-
tions, nor can they transfer to themselves my
punishment if 1 violate my own. Andlshould
consider myself undeserving the confidence of
that just and intelligent people who imposed
upon me this great responsibility, and unwor-
thy a place among honorable men, if for any
fear of public reprobation, and for the sake of
securing popular favor, I should disregard the
conviction of my judgment and my conscience.
The consequences which may follow either
from conviction or acquittal are not for me,
with my convictions, to consider. The future
is in the hands of Him who made and governs
the universe, and the fear that He will not
govern it wisely and well would not excuse me
for a violation of His law.
OPINION
Oi'
HON. GEOEGE II. WILLIAMS.
Deeply impressed with a sense of my re-
sponsibility and duty in the case now before the
Senate, I shall vote for the conviction of the
President upon the first three articles of im-
peachment upon the ground that the removal
of Secretary Stanton and the appointment of
Adjutant General Thomas, as charged in said
articles, were in violation of the Constitution
of the United States.
