1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is not in order.
The main question was then ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
demand the yeas and nays on the passage of
the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The "question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 39,
not voting 40 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Polos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Boyer, Buckland, Burr, Cake,
Churchill, Sidney Clarko, Cobb, Dodge. Donnelly,
Drizgs, Eckley, Ecgleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss. Fields, Fox. Getz, Glossbrenncr,Golla-
day, Grover, lialscy, Hamilton, Hill, Higby, Hopkins,
llotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
lliehard ]>. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, Juddv Julian, Kerr, Ketch-
am, Knott, lvoontz, Georgo V. Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Mai lory, McCarthy, McClurg.Moorhead, Mor-
rell, Mungcn, Myers, Neweomb, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Xunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile, Plants,
Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shanks, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taber, Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernani,
Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn. Welker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodward—108.
NAY S—Messrs. Baker, Bingham, Boutwell, Broom-
all, Gary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Ela, Garfield, Haight, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Holman, Hulburd, Kelley, Kelsey,
William Lawrence, Marvin, McCullough, Mercur,
Mulling, Pike, Poland, Randall, Ross, Scofield, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Taylor, Ward, and ElihuB. Washburne—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Blaine,
Blair, Bromwell, Brooks, Butler, Cornell, Covode,
Ferry, Finney, Gravely, Griswold, Hooper, Kitchen,
Latlin, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard. Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Peters,
Phelps, Pomeroy. Raum, Selyc, Shellabarger, Stone,
Taffe, Xwiehell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
James F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—iO.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postmaster general's report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH,from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint
resolution to authorize the Postmaster General
to print five hundred extra copies of his report
and accompanying documents; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the joint
resolution.
The previous question was seconded and-the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
inspection of post office papers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back, with a recommendation that the same do
pass, a joint resolution to allow members of
Congress to inspect papers in the Post Office
Department.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
makes it the duty of the Postmaster General
to allow Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress to examine and copy all papers and
recommendations for office, pertaining to all
appointments and removals of postmasters,
post offices, and other postal matters in their
several States and congressional districts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This resolution is I
think precisely like one passed by the House
last winter, and not acted upon by the Senate.
I am directed by the committee to report it
back to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass. I now yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] who introduced it.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to make but a single
statement in reference to this joint resolution
which I had the honor to introduce at this ses-
sion. I have frequently had business in the
Post Office Department; and although I have
generally had access to papers there when I
have asked for it, it has for some time past been
with evident reluctance on the part of the offi-
cials, and frequently after an inspection of the
papers, before they were allowed to come into
my hands. I submit, sir, that members of Con-
gress should be allowed free access to these
papers, and the right, which is denied us, to
copy particular papers or documents which may
enlighten the people respecting the manage-
ment of this great department of their business.
The propriety of this may be seen in a case to
which I take leave to refer.
The facts were these: a poor orphan girl
had been removed from the office of postmis-
tress in one of the towns in my district. Her
salary was between four and five hundred dol-
lars, and she had an aged mother who is a
cripple for life, and a blind sister, both depend-
ent upon her salary for support. One hundred
and fifty-three ladies of the village and its vicin-
ity, and one hundred and fifty male citizens
joined in remonstrating against her removal,
besides the county clerk, auditor, treasurer,
recorder, and I think all the leading men of
the place. No charges of official misconduct or
negligence were filed, or even hinted by the First
Assistant Postmaster General, who was fully
informed by myself of all the facts of the case.
Under these circumstances the incumbent was
removed at the request of M. L. Bundy, David
Kilgore, and Solomon Meredith, three, follow-
ers of Andrew Johnson, all non-residents of
the town and county, and the latter a resident
of Montana and an office-holder under this
Administration. One of these pretended gen-
tlemen put on file the false assertion that the
incumbent had two brothers employed as clerks
at good salaries in the Departments here, which
assertion the First Assistant Postmaster had
the best of reasons for knowing to be false.
Having obtained access to the papers in the
case, I found on file among them an offer in
writing of a sum of money to the Second Assist-
ant Postmaster General if he would give the
applicant, who was the writer, the office. I
could find no other reason for the removal of the
incumbent and the appointment of another
except the offer of this bribe. The writer, I
remember, stated that the letter was confi-
dential, and requested the officer addressed to
read and then burn it. I do* not say, Mr.
Speaker, that the bribe was operative; but the
facts I have stated seemed to reveal a prima
facie case of that sort; and it supplied to my
mind a very strong reason why members of
Congress should have access to papers on file
in the Post Office Department. The people
have a right to look behind the scenes in these
and like cases.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] whether the
rule which he now proposes to enact was the
rule which prevailed during the administration
of Mr. Lincoln ; or is it a new rule which is to
be applied for the first time to the administra-
tion of President Johnson?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not personally
aware what rule was followed during the ad-
ministration of Mr. Lincoln. So far as I am
concerned, I never, during the administration
of Mr. Lincoln, applied to be allowed to
inspect papers when I was denied the oppor-
tunity.
It seems to me it is but right that every
Senator and Representative should have the
right to examine papers appertaining to post-
masters and post offices in their respective
States and districts. Members of Congress
are expectcd by their constituents to look after
these matters. They are held by their con-
stituents responsible in a great measure foi
the appointment and removal of postmasters
and everything appertaining to postal affairs
in their respective districts. It is only just
and right, therefore, that they should be allowed
to examine papers on file and to take copies
of them, if they choose to do so.
I believe the morning hour is about to ex-
pire, and I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Only four minutes of the
morning hour remain.
Mr. WARD. I desire, with the consent of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fauxswohtii]
to put a single inquiry to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian.] I desire to know
whether he intended to say that the Second
Assistant Postmaster General had been in any
way connected with the appointment of which
he spoke. I do not understand that such
appointments come within the province of that
officer.
Mr. JULIAN. I answer the gentleman
that by some mistake the letter in question
was directed to the Second Assistant I'ostuias-
ter-General and by him it was properly handed
over to the First Assistant, in whose office I
found the paper on the files of the Department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will not the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question-ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled the bill (S. No. 141) entitled "An act
for the further security of equal rights in the
District of Columbia;" which was thereupon
signed by the Speaker.
change OF a name.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back with
an amendment the bill (S. No. 143) entitled
" An act to change the name of Samuel Chase
Barney, jr., to that of Samuel Chase De Krafft.''
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Add as a new section the following:
That any person being a resident of the District of
Columbia, being desirous to have his or her namo
changed, may file a petition in the Supreme Court of
the said District of Columbia, setting forth therein
the reasons therefor, and also the name desired to bo
assumed. Notice of the filing of said petition, con-
taining the substance and prayer thereof, shall bo
published for three consecutive weeks in somo news-
paper in general circulation published in said Dis-
trict, prior to hearing of said petition. The said
Supreme Court, or the justice holding the civil term
thereof, on proof of such notice, and upon such
showing as may be deemed satisfactory, may chango
the namo of such applicant, according to the prayer
of such petition.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment reported by the com-
mittee was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, the title
of the bill was amended by adding the words
" and for other purposes."
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
