108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
CONFISCATION.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired: and the House resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (II. It. No. 20) relative to
damages done to loyal men, and for other pur-
poses, generally known as "the confiscation
bill." On the l'Jth of March last this bill,
pending a motion to reconsider its reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, was postponed till the second Tues-
day of December. The gentleman from New
York. [Mr. Chanler,] who was on the floor
at the time the bill was postponed, is now
entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that. I wish merely to say that
I hope when the gentleman is done he will not
press it to a vote, as I am too feeble to remain
here to-day, but let it go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHANCER. My object in rising was to
submit a motion to refer the bill to the appro-
priate committee, with instructions to strike
out the enacting clause.
The SPEAKER. That can be done in the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Irisetoa
point of order. Does the gentleman who holds
the floor propose to go on to-day?
Mr. CHANLER. I do.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. CIIANLER. I yield for that purpose,
if the resolution does not give rise to debate.
SALE OF PUBLIC VESSELS.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the President be, atld is hereby,
requested, if not inconsistent with the public interest,
to inform the House of Itepresentatives what public
vessels have been sold since the close of tho war,
statins the times when sold, the names of the vessels,
the amount received therefor, theclass to which they
belonged, and wh ether sold at public or private sale.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
MONEY IN TIIE TREASURY.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committeo of Ways and Means
aro hereby disected to invent the ways and means ;
necessary to unlock and put in circulation thecnor- \
mous amount of SloS.l/O.SiOft! now locked up by the
Secretary of the Treasury in the vaults of the United !
States Treasury, or such part thereof as is not abso- '
lutely required to pay the interest on the public debt. |
Mr. GARFIELD. I object. 1
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw it for the
present.
CONFISCATION—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I appeal
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chan-
ler,] when he has finished his remarks, that
he will allow this question to be postponed for
a month. I find I am unable to stay in the
House.
Mr. CHANLER. That matter has been
brought to my attention, and I have been
requested by gentlemen on this side not to
yield to a motion to postpone as I did before.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania only desires the postponement
after the gentleman from New York has sub-
mitted his remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is not desirous that the motion
to postpone shall be made until all have been
heard who desire to speak on the subject.
Mr. CHANLER. I have no objection
myself to the postponement of this bill at the
request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
but when that gentleman opened this debate
he expressly stated that he was anxious to
know the verdict of the people. That verdict
has been pronounced, and pronounced against
him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will now
proceed witli his speech.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in entering on
a discussion of this bill is to meet that part of
the plan proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to which he alludes in his opening
remarks when he addressed this House in March
last:
"Mr. Speaker, I am about to discuss the question
of thepuni-dimciit of belligerent traitors by.cnforcini?
the conhseation of their property to a certain extent,
both as a punishment for their crimes and to pay tile
loyal men who have been robbed by the rebels, and
to increaso tho pensions of our wounded soldiers.
The punishment of traitors have been wholly ignored
by a treacherous Executive and by a sluggish Con-
gress. I wish to make an i^sue before the American
people, and see whether they will sanction tho per-
fect iuipumtyof amurderous belligerent, and consent
that the loyal men of this nation, who have been de-
spoiled of their property, shall remain without remu-
neration, either by tho rebel property or tho proporty
of the nation.
"To this Ksue I desire to devote thesmall remnant
of my life. I desire to make the ixsuo before tho peo-
ple of my own State, and should bo glad if the issue
were to extend to other States. 1 desire the verdict
of the pcoplo upon this great question. This bill is
important to several classes of people."—Mr. Stevens's
Speech.
As to that part of the subject which refers to
the pensions of our wounded soldiers by con-
fiscation and the payment of losses by loyal
citizens I do not think the gentleman really
means what he says, nor can he suppose seriously
that there is property enough liable to confis-
cation under his bill to do all he proposes.
I shall therefore limit myself to tho real spirit
and intention of the bill as declared in the
opening remarks of the gentleman just quoted,
and as manifested by the whole tenor of the
speech and provisions of the bill.
It is not very clear from the remarks of the
gentleman on what precise law either of nations
or of this Government he proposes to base his
proposition. Vague statements and blind
glimpses at history seem to furnish the mate-
rial for his argument, and as I endeavor to hit
this slippery subject I hope to be excused by
tho House if the course I take seem to it weary
and eccentric. The huntsman cannot choose,
butttiust follow the track of the wild animal he
seeks to destroy or drive from his neighbor-
hood, say a fox for instance. The gentleman
appears at first to rest his argument on the act
of Congress of July 17, 18G2 :
" I proceed to consider the bill. By the aet of 17th
July, 1852, treason is made punishable by death or
some smaller punishment, at the discretion of tho
court. Belore punishment can be inflicted for trea-
son or misprision of treason the party must be duly
convicted in a court of the United States. Not so
with the balance of tho bill. All the rcstof that law
(after tho first four sections) refers to persons engaged
in the belligerent army, or officially connected with
the government known as the'confederate States
ol Amcr:ca,' or to those who volunlarily aided that
power. "While that law supposed that most of the
people composing that army and government were
traitors, yet they are dealt with in all the provisions
which refer to confiscation merely as belligerents
making an unjust war. The forfeitures which follow
from a conviction for treason are left to the opera-
tions of the common law.
But further on in his speech he abandons
that untenable stand, and throws himself head-
long on the laws of war:
"But it matters not what you may think of the
efficiency of the aet of July 17,1862. Tho laws of war
authorizes us to take this properly by our sovereign
power—by a law now to be passed. We have a sub-
dued enemy in our power; wo have all their property
and lives at our disposal. No peace has been formed.
No terms of peace or of reconciliation have been yet
proclaimed, unless the proclamation of the Presi-
dent can make peace or war. The Constitution
denies him any power in either case. Then, unless
Andrew Johnson bo king, the terms of peace are yet
to bo proclaimed. Among those terms, as we have
shown, we have a right to impose confiscation of all
their property—to 'impoverish' them, as Andrew
Johnson has told us; to'divide their large forms
and sell them to industrious men.' This is strict law
and good common sense."—Mr. Stevens's Speech.
He runs through history like a bull in a
crockery shop, smashing the well-established
precedents and fixed opinions of the authors
he quotes into a mass of unintelligible stuff fit !
only for the use the gentleman makes of it to
fill up a bad hole in his logic. And then lie !
ends in a whine over ''certain gentlemen" who \
"seem hard to learn either from the writings I
of learned publicists or from the passing and
visible events of the present age."
Confiscation, as known and practiced in
history seems to be reasonably divided into
two kinds:
1. That customary among conquerors over
foreign alien enemies.
2. That statutory confiscation usual among I
Governments in dealing with refractory citi-
zens, individually or m organized communities.
We have to do, in my opinion, only with tho
second kind of confiscation in shaping our
policy toward the States lately in rebellion.
Confiscation is a method by which a con-
queror robs his foes and rewards his friends.
Two distinct acts aro done by it, and two dis-
tinct motives actuate it. One result is sought
by it, namely, security to the State established
by the conqueror. All confiscation is robbery ;
it is the tool of the tyrant and tho oppressor,
who under the law of might creates his title to
that which was another's. History is filled
with examples of confiscation. Founded in
violence, sustained by fraud, and sanctioned
by necessity, it has become one of the estab-
lished methods by which States are overthrown
and maintained. Revolutions, civil wars, con-
spiracies, assassinations, work the decay of
dynasties, parties, and States ; but by confisca-
tion the victor seizes the spoils, and holds
possession by the right of arms. Confiscation
and proscription have moved hand in hand
through all the changes and fluctuations of
empire, and have come down to us heavy with
crimes of past ages and stained with the blood
and burdened with the wrongs of uncounted
thousands whom man's inhumanity to man has
made to mourn. The Roman triumvirs divided
the empire and doomed their dearest friends to
assassination in the same breath. The genius
and eloquence of Cicero could not save him
from the doom which partisan hate decreed
against him. The empire of Augustus was
cemented with blood and enriched by the
wealth of obnoxious men, proscribed by his
partisans in a spirit of revenge and avarice.
Roman liberty lost her last great advocate in
the death of Cicero: .Roman empire began
when the spirit of liberty was silenced by tho
edict of proscription and confiscation. All
along the highway of history are strewn mag-
nificent monuments reared to commemorate
this mighty wrong by the successful tyrant of tho
era. No reader of the inscriptions which they
bear can leave their perusal without cherishing
a hope that in his day no ruthless tyrant shall
rob him of his patrimony, his freedom, or his
life. Confiscation is one of the hideous mon-
sters chained to tho car of grim-visaged war and
never should be let loose to raven for its prey.
It legitimately is only an instrument of terror
and should not be let loose to destroy. In
time of peace it should be nowhere seen or
heard; savage, cruel, destroying, it has no
place among civilized, humane and law-abid-
ing men in times like these.
"Of all despotic Governments there is none that
labors more under its own weight than that wherein
the prince declares himself proprietor of all tho lands,
and heir to all his subjects. Hence tho neglect. of
agriculture arises; and if the prince intermeddles
likewise in trade all manner of industry is ruined.
" Underthis sortof governmentnothing is repaired
or improved. Houses are built only lor tho necessity
of habitation; there is no digging of ditches or plant-
ing of trees; everything is drawn from but nothing
restored to the earth; the ground lies untillcd, and
the whole country becomes a desert.
"Isittoboimagined that the laws which abolish the
property of land and the succession of estates will
diminish the avarice and cupidity of the great ? By
no means. They will rather stimulate this cupidity
and avarice. The great men will be prompted to use
a thousand oppressive methods, imagining they havo
no other property than the gold and silver which
they are able to seize upon by violence, or to conceal.
To prevent, therefore, the utter ruin of the state, the
avidity of the prince ought to be moderated by some
established custom. Thus, in Turkey, tho sovereign
is satisfied with the right of three per cent, on the value
of inheritances. But as he gives the greatest part of
the lands to his soldiery, and disposes of them as ho
pleases; as he seizes on all tho inheritances of tho
officers of the empire at their decease, as he has tho
property of the possessions of those who die without
issue, and the daughters havo only tho usufruct, it
thence follows that tho greatest part of tho estates of
the country are held in a precarious manner."—Mon-
tesquieu's Spirit of Laws, vol. 1, book 5, chap. 14.
"In moderate governments it is quite a different
thing. Confiscations would render property uncer-
tain, would strip innocent children, would destroy a
whole family, instead of punishing a s ogle criminal.
"In republics they would be attended with the
mischief of subverting equality, which is the very
soul of this government, by depriving a citizen of his
necessary subsistence.
"There is a Roman law against confiscations, except
in the case of crimen iiiajosteitis, or high treason of tho
most heinous nature.
