1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
was, of this character, live hundred bales.
After gathering it up they came on to Wash-
ington to receive their twenty-five per cent, of
its value. They remained here in Washington
something like a year and could not get. their
pay. What the matter was they could not tell,
but they could not get the Treasury Depart-
ment to pay them their twenty-five per cent,
for the five hundred bales of cotton they had
delivered. Finally, after almost despairing
of ever getting anything, they employed a gen-
tleman here in the District of Columbia to
ascertain for them what the matter was in the
Treasury Department, and why they could not
get paid. That gentleman, on going to the
Treasury Department, having greater facilities
than they had, ascertained that this cotton had
been given up 011 a claim to C. A. Weed &
Co., on the ground that it had been improperly
seized. Then Mr. Hovey and his partner
went to the Treasury Department and demand-
ed that they should be paid, on the ground that
they had the evidence that that cotton was rebel
cotton, and that they had furnished it to the
Treasury Department, and they threatened to
expose the whole transaction. Then the
Treasury Department paid them the twenty-
five per cent, for seizing it as rebel cotton,
and they got the money. They were only to
be paid for gathering up cotton that belonged
to the rebel government. That was the agree-
ment. They gathered up five hundred such
bales and could not get paid for it for a year,
" and the first they knew the Department, with-
out informing them of it, surrendered the cot-
ton to claimants. When they found it out they
insisted still that they should be paid, and your
Secretary of the Treasury paid them, not out
of the Treasury; no, the money was not cov-
ered in, the money was kept outside. It was
not money received from this particular cotton.
Of course, this cotton having been restored to
C. A. Weed & Co., the Treasury did not have
the money from it, and the money was taken
from the proceeds of other cotton, and Hovey
and his partner were paid that money. These
facts arc furnished to me in writing, and I have
handed them over to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, giving the names of
the parties.
Now, what is proposed after this money has
rhus been kept out of the Treasury for two
years or more, some of it? How long all of
it has been kept out I do not know. I asked
that question of my friend from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] when we were discussing it the
Other day, and he told me that ho could not
tell; that it was covered in at different times;
and all the information he could give me was
that it had not all been covered in yet, but
very nearly all. I then called on the Secre-
tary of the Treasury by resolution to know
when this money was received and when it was
covered in, and where it was in the mean time.
To that resolution I have had no answer; so I
am unable to tell the Senate where this money
was. The gross amount was $34,000,000,
and the net proceeds ยง24,000,000. We have
not yet got information as to where that
money has been or who has had the use of it.
And now a resolution is brought here to com-
pel the Secretary of the Treasury to cover into
the Treasury of the United States the proceeds
of this cotton which the law required him to
pay in at the time; and the law provided a
tribunal where a loyal man who owned cotton
could lecover back the proceeds ; but he has
undertaken to decide upon these cases and
pay the money back by holding it out of the
Treasury. He could not have done that if the
money had been paid into the Treasury of the
United States; then he could only have taken
it out to pay claims in pursuance of appropria-
tions made by law ; but by holding this money
outside of the Treasury he had the vast amount
of twenty odd million dollars under his con-
trol ; and 1 have shown you how a portion of
it has been disposed of. What sort of chance
would these men have stood in your Court of
Claims, who had been members of the rebel
congress, who had been generals in the rebel
army, if they had gone there? Now, when a
resolution comes hero to compel this money to
be turned over into the Treasury, what is it
proposed to do ? It is proposed to put an
amendment on it sanctioning all this that has
been done, saying to the Secretary of the
Treasury, "pay in the money, but keep out
$100,000 yet to act on it."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a fair state-
ment of the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I say the
proposition goes to sanction this whole thing,
and if the Senate adopts this amendment
what is the effect of it? It says to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury "You did right to keep this
money out of the Treasury; you may keep
$100,000 more out, and keep it out until in
your discretion you think proper to pay it in."
And for what purpose is it to be kept out? As
the Senator from Vermont tells us, for the pur-
pose of defending suits that are brought. Sup-
pose a suit is brought against a revenue col-
lector in my State or in Vermont, can he re-
tain in his hands money that he has collected
to defend himself with? No, sir.
All I desire is to bring these facts again to
the notice of the* Senate. I have no interest
in this matter other than other Senators. I
have an interest in protecting the Treasury of
the United States, a common interest with all
of them, but none other. In what I have said
I have not been actuated by any hostility to
any individual. I should not state that but that
it seems so often to run into the minds of gen-
tlemen that if you object to any course of pro-
ceeding in a Department you are attacking the
head of the Department. 1 do not wish to at-
tack the head of the Department; I attack the
transaction, and if that reflects on the head of
a Department I am not responsible for that
consequence. The Senator from Vermont, the
other day, spoke of hostility to the Secretary
of the Treasury. 1 never had any personal
hostility to the Secretary of the Treasury in
the world; I never had any difficulty with him,
and have no reason, personally, to have any
difficulty with him. I have made these state-
ments on evidence satisfactory to me, showing
that this money ouglit to be covered into the
Treasury, and I should be sorry to have the
Senate sanction what has been done by adopt-
ing this amendment. I, peihaps, ought to say
before I sit down, though it is but a repetition
of what I said yesterday, that I shall always be
ready to defend officers of the Government in
suits brought against them for any act done by
them in the proper discharge of their duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, my
friend from Illinois has given, I think, some
justification of the remark which he imputes
to me, that I was in the habit of thinking that
gentlemen here sometimes did not know any-
thing about what they were talking of. I think
in the closing part of his remarks made now
he has given an exceedingly good illustration
of the truth of that remark, if 1 did make it
in the particular instance; for, after listening
to this debate all day yesterday and then again
to-day, he states gravely that this is a propo-
sition to keep money out of the Treasury, not
to cover it in, but to leave it in the hands of the
Secretary; and yet the amendment itself pro-
poses to pay the whole of it into the Treasury,
eveiy dollar, and then simply to make an ap-
propriation out of the Treasury of $100,000,
or a sum not exceeding that much, for specific
purposes. The Senator gets up here and re-
peats and repeats again in the face of that pro-
vision, and in the face of the declaration of the
honorable Senator from Vermont to the same
effect, that every dollar is to go into the Treas-
ury, that this is a proposition to keep $100,000
out of the Treasury of the United States in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury. Did
the Senator make that remark because he did
not know any better, or did he make it know-
ing that it was not the fact? One or the other
is true, inevitably ; and yet, after listening here
for all this time, he gravely makes the state-
ment and repeats it m the face of the propo-
sition.
My friend has another very excellent way
that surprises me and sometimes overcomes
me. He gets up here and makes the most vio-
lent assaults against officers of the Govern-
ment, accuses them of almost every imagin-
able crime under the sun, of willfully violating
the laws of the land, of doing divers and sun-
dry other things that are unjustifiable either in
law or in morals; and then-when he gets
through, after speaking with great violeuce and
great determination and great vigor, and with
what, to a looker on, would appear to be con-
siderable temper, although it may be mere
manner, he closes in the most calm way, and
with a beautiful smile on his countenance; " I
do not mean to insinuate anything in regard to
anybody; I only mean to do my duty." If the
Senator would do his duty in a little calmer
manner, and would use milder language and
leave out the charges, it might be more easy to
understand him. If that is his indifference, if
such remarks as he makes here, and such at-
tacks as my friend indulges in are his custom
where he has no animosity against anybody,
God save me from ever incurring his animosity.
I do not know where the end of it would be.
My friend has done really great injustice in
this statement. I beg him to consider whether
he has not. Is this a proposition to sanction
all that has been done ? Not at all; for it does
not keep a dollar out of the Treasury. Does
he mean to convey the idea to the Senate that
this is intended and must operate as a sanc-
tion? Is that his idea? What is it, Senators?
This and nothing more: that all this money
shall be paid into the Treasury at once where
ever it may be found. That is no sanction
certainly. Then the amendment, after it is
paid in, allows a certain sum, or a sum not
exceeding a certain amount, to be appropri-
ated for the purpose of settling up the bills
against the fund, to be drawn out of the Treas-
ury on warrants, on approved accounts, certi-
fied in the regular order of things by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury and appro-
priated according to law. Is that sanctioning
all that has been done? Could any man in
his senses, who understood the matter, pretend
that it was anything like a sanction? There
is nothing in the whole measure either sanc-
tioning what has been done or disapproving
what has been done. It is simply saying,
"Here is money that has not been paid into
the Treasury; it shall be." Whether it has
been rightfully or wrongfully kept out is an-
other point. Upon that the proposition is
silent; but it surprises me how anybody can
construe a provision like that now before us,
which, after compelling all the money to go in,
says that a certain amount of it may be used
fora certain purpose, in payingupbills, defend-
ing suits, &c., as sanctioning what the honor-
able Senator says is illegal in keeping it out.
That is a most remarkable inference from the
fact. I do not understand it to be so. So far
as I was concerned in this transaction, I do not
want the sanction of the Senate, and I do not
fear the disapprobation of the Senate or of
Congress. Knowing that what I did was right,
I am perfectly willing to submit to anything
that the Senate or the Congress chooses to say
with regard to me. I neither fear them nor
do I ask their sanction. I acted in a different
office at that time on my own responsibility,
and, as God is my judge, I shall try to stand on
my own feet; and I do not fear anything that
the Senator from Illinois can say or do. He
may repeat his oft-told tale here as many times
as he sees fit.
I do not suppose that the honorable Senator
means really what he would appear to say with
relerence to this matter ; I do not suppose that
he has personal animosities to indulge in ; but
one thing I do suppose, and one thing every-
body who knows him must suppose, and that
is, when he has once taken an idea into his
head he deems it a personal affront almost to
differ with him, and he will cavil on the nine
hundred and ninety-ninth part of a hair as long
as he can stand in repeating what he believes to
be true unquestionably. Notwithstandingthat
