1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•251-7
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the present bill until to -
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to have
the yeas and nays on that question, to see
whether we can get up the Arkansas bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 17 ; as follows :
Johnson, Morgan, Morton, Boss, Stewart, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittlc, Harlan, McCreery,Norton, Nye, Patterson
ofNevv Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Poineioy,
Kanisev. Sherman,Spra^ue, Viekers, and Wade—17.
ABriENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbett,
Grime*. Ilendrieks, Howard, j\I o r r i 11 of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Saulsbury,and Thayer—10.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
representation of arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
the Arkansas bill, if it needs another motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope that that motion will
not be adopted. I hope that we shall at least
tell the House of Representatives what we will
do on the resolution they sent us back here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right.
Mr. SUMNER, (to Mr. Drake.) Why not
move your resolution?
Mr. DRAKE. A motion is already pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
proposed to be taken up will be read by its
title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri can amend the
motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing in order until the Senate know what
the bill is that is to be taken up.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill, as
follows:
A bill (II. It. No. 1039) to admit the State of Arkan-
sas to representation in Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up that bill at this time for
consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask whether it is in order
to amend the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is the
amendment proposed?
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend it by sub-
stituting the taking up of the resolution re-
turned to us from the House of Representa-
tives this day.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that that is not in order.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to take up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the Senator
from Illinois says that if this bill is taken up
he will give way for the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and if that is the case I
suppose there is no objection to taking it up.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator from
Illinois says that, I will withdraw any oppo-
sition to the coming up of this bill now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to make
any agreement by which to favor this adjourn-
ment. I cannot prevent the Senator from Mis-
souri, after this bill is up and under consider-
ation, moving to lay it aside and take up his
resolution. It is not in my power to do so.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, if the Senator will
not do that, I hope the "motion will not prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. If the Sen.
ate refuse to consider the Arkansas bill I can-
not help it. I want a vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Illi-
nois has no right to say that the Senate will not
consider the Arkansas bill because they think
that a matter which is really a question of
privilege should be first decided. It is due to
the H.ouse of Representatives, as we have sent
to them to recall this resolution, that we should
act upon it and inform them what we really
mean to do; and it ought not to be taken as
any evidence of opposition to the Arkansas
bill that we prefer to do the other thing first.
I shall, therefore, vote against taking up the
Arkansas bill until wesettle the other question.
_ Mr. CHANDLER I move to lay the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois on the table,
for the purpose of proceeding to the consider-
ation of the resolution of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order? Is it
in order to move to lay such a motion on the
table ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill. There is nothing
to lay on the table. It is all on the table. The
question is on taking it up.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the question was not
discussed at all and the Chair decided instantly,
I apprehend the Chair fell into an error in say-
ing that it was out of order when a motion is
made to take up one bill for a Senator to
move to amend that motion by taking up an-
other bill; for in that way we antagonize the
one against the other, and the Senate decides
which it will take up. I understand the Chair
to hold that when a bill is pending the only
motion that can be made is to postpone that
bill; but you cannot make a motion to post-
pone that bill and take up another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is not in
order unless he takes an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tions are entirely independent of each other,
and the rule is in such cases that the first made
is the first put. They are independent motions
entirely. One is not an amendment of the
other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the prop-
osition is to antagonize the one against the
other for consideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senate all
have the same purpose. We wish to dispose
of the question of a recess, and the Sena-
tor from Illinois, although he does not wish to
have the recess, I take it does not desire to
prevent the Senate passing judgment on that
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I suggest that we
allow the Arkansas bill to be taken up, and
then, by general consent, it be laid aside long
enough to dispose of the recess resolution.
Then, whether that prevails or not, the Ark-
ansas bill will be the order of business; it
will be the order of the day for to-morrow, or
on the meeting of the Senate after the recess,
if a recess should be had.
Mr. MORTON. There is manifest propriety
under the circumstances in disposing of theres-
olution of the House of Representatives, which
we have just recalled; and I hope that this
waste of time will be stopped by the Senator
from Illinois allowing the question of adjourn-
ment to be taken up. We are frittering away
time here by the hour.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the most
direct and practical way would be for the Sen- j
ator from Illinois to withdraw his motion; but ;
if he perseveres in it the next direct and prac- j
tical way is for the Senate to vote it down in j
order to proceed with the consideration of the :
House resolution. That being disposed of,
then the way would be clear for the considera-
tion of other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Being myself opposed
to a recess, thinking it the duty of the Senate
to go on with its business, I do not propose to j
enter into any arrangement to bring it about. '■
It would be a very strange proceeding in the :
Senate if those in favor of a measure were to j
consent to lay it aside to bring up a measure i
which would defeat it, for the present at any !
rate. The Senate has ordered the yeas and •
nays upon the motion to take up the bill to j
recognize the State government in Arkansas, 1
and let us vote upon it. I shall be entirely j
content with whatever vote the Senate gives in ,
reference to it. If the Senate does not think i
it proper to take it up, very well. If it does j
take it up, it will still be competent for the 1
Senator from Missouri to interpose his motion.
into no agreement for it; but, after
this bill is up, whenever he obtains the floor,
he can move to lay it aside and bring up any
other measure that he desires to consider. X
do not propose to occupy the floor except when
the bill is called up to have it read. I do not
propose to make any speech upon it further
than in explanation, and to give'such inform-
ation as I may be in possession of in regard 'to
the manner of the adoption of the constitu-
tion, and answering such questions as may he
asked by any member of the Senate m regard
to it, as far as I can.
Mr. WILLEY. I am exceedingly anxious
that the Senate shall proceed to the considera-
tion of the Arkansas bill. I desire beyond
measure that that question should be settled;
that representation from the State of Arkansas
should be admitted into both Houses ; but I am
very unwilling to sit here for a whole week and
listen to any discussion that may ensue, not
wholly with a view to enlighten the Senate on
the subject before it, but to postpone any final
action upon this bill, if it shall be taken up,
until after the Senate, sitting as a court, shall
meet on to-morrow week. If those who are
opposed to the representation from the State
of Arkansas would say to the Senate that they
would not exercise the power, which they have
the right to do, to bring about such a post-
ponement, then I should know how to vote
intelligently on this subject. It is perfectly
within the power of those who are opposed
to the admission of these States by discussing
the matter for eight or ten days to postpone
it beyond the period to which I have alluded
and to detain the Senate upon this single sub-
ject, not with the view of discussing the ques-
tion or obtaining light upon the matter act-
ually in issue, but with a view of postponing
it beyond a certain day, and in the meantime
we shall have had an idle discussion amount-
ing to nothing but a waste of time. I admit
the right of thosa^lio are opposed to the ad-
mission of the representation of this State so
to act; it is their perfect right; there can be
no fault fWnd with gentlemen if they do lesort
^ to it; tart if I could know exactly whether they
e Nutcn*r to do so I should know how to vote
cl ujron the subject actually before the Senate.
I do desire that this question should be set-
tled; certainly this State is entitled to it; but
if the discussion is to amount to nothing for
a week what is the use of entering upon it?
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, this is
May, 1808. The war closed in April, 1805.
The seceding States are still without any repre-
sentation in this body or in the other, with the
exception of Tennessee. The President, a
short time after the suppression of the rebel-
lion, undertook to reconstruct the southern
States on his own plan. He organized govern-
ments during the summer of 1805, prescribing
the qualifications of voters, fixing the qualifi-
cations of sffice-liolders, &e. Those govern-
ments were presented to us in the winter of
1805, and we did not choose—and I voted with
the majority—to admit their representatives.
I thought that we did right. But the Senate
ought to remember that we let the long session
of 1805-00 pass away, having adjourned late
in July, according to my recollection, without
having passed any bill for reconstruction at all.
We did nothing. In January, 1806, I offered
an amendment to the Constitution here, in re-
gard to which nothing was done, for the pur-
pose of fixing a basis upon which reconstruc-
tion could be afterward had—an amendment
declaring that suffrage for black and white
should be upon equal terms throughout the
United States. That was voted down, or rather
was not acted on. A constitutional amend-
ment was adopted, however, and it was to be
submitted to all the States—an amendment
called the fourteenth article. I voted for that
ultimately, though I did not like it so well as
my own: but that was submitted to all the
States, including the Legislatures of the
southern States set up by the Presideut. We
met here in the winter of 18S0 and we passed
