1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
   iivit uiotilV.lC5 llU tT UCC11 11
desolate, towns depopulated, whole races
ishcd and crashed into abject insignificanc
"It would bo a prudent thing to follow the spirit
of tHi? l.ivr. and to limit confiscations to particular
crimes. In countries where a l.H-al custom lirend-
ered re 11 i.icrui'V, I >J;n very ob-
ses \ cs ::>at eontUe.ui 'ii -h m' 1 extend only to ^stn-h
.ire | iirehise I or ae-j-i"r«'tl."— Mmtn'ijuieu't Spirit
i./ I.'!>:■*, \ i)l. !. book "i, ch.-tp. 1"'.
OEXr.n XL ATP1.1C ITION.
Blood for blood. eye for an eye, life for life
cries tho fierce spirit of vengeance, l'ut up
thy swird and let us reason together, says the
spirit of mercy. Give me thy sword, com-
mands divine justice, for vengeance is mine.
The cott'i'ieror sheaths his sword under the
plea of justice, but issues an edict of confisca-
tion njiainst all who dared to brave his power.
1'oveity, disgrace, despair, famine, death by
slow degrees, succeed the swifter methods of
the sword. '1 lie spotless ermine of the law
covers this relentless instrument of tyranny,
and day by day the homes once happy, the
fields once smiling in requital to honest toil,
the mill whose busy hum sang of plenty in the
land, the factory where every comfort was
wrought out in turn by skill and ingenuity—in
fine, civilization, art, industry, all stop as the
solemn voice of the crier reads out the law
which banishes the citizen from his house, the
laborer from his field, the farmer from his
homestead. \\ hole districts have been made
ban-
insignificance by
the laws of confiscation. Does the mover of
this bill propose France as an example of the
application of this principle? Has the brief
sketch of Robespierre given by one of Eng-
land's late historians so charmed his heart and
mind that he, too, would lead a new people on
the old cruel, skeleton-covered road of confis-
cation ? The thing is not even original. There
is something apish and brutal in it, butnothing
human that is not revolting and bad as applied
by successful demagogues in past ages to the
unfortunate victims of revolution.
" Consider Maximilien Robespierre, for the greater
part of two years what one may call autocrat of
1 ranee. A poor, sea-green (verdatre) atrabiliar
formula of a man; without head, without heart, or
atiy grace, (sift, or even vice beyond common, if it
were not vanity, astucity, diseased rigor (which some
count strength■  j of a cramp; really a most sea-
green individual in spectacles, meant by nature tor
a MethodWt parjmi, of the stricter sort, to doom men
who departed from the written confession; to chop
fruitlets shrill logic: to contend and suspect, and
ineffectually wrestle and wriggle, and on the whole
to love, to know, or jo be (properly speaking)
nothing. This was lie wii-i, the sport of wracking
winds, saw himself whirled aloft to command la
premiere atition Ue Vutiivei'9f and all men shouting j
long life to liini: one of the most lamentable, tragic,
sea-green objects ever whirled aloft in that manner
in any country, to his own swift destruction, and the
world's long wonder."—Carlyle't Essays, vol.4, page 7.
ITS OENEBtL RESULT AND PAST HISTORY.
As Alaric the Goth, " the scourge of God,"
trampled in the dust the proud power of the
fallen empire of Augustus Caesar,
"And quenched in blood the brightest gem
That glittered in their diadem," !
so has the ruthless course of confiscation in
retribution cursed the weak inheritors of land
taken from a conquered people. The sans-
culottes of France plundered and guillotined
the loyalists of their day until the wealth of
France was destroyed and her blood wasted in
fruitless wars, fought by ragged soldiers, until
a tyrant, wise, ambitious, and powerful, like
the morning star in glory, " shone brightly over
the nations and disappeared among the distant
isles of the sea." Jn.his turn he robbed the
heirs of the sans-culottes of wealth, liberty,
and life. The statistics of France show that
Napoleon s wars literally exhausted the popu-
lation of the empire, and left her at the mercy
of her enemies when the fortune of war drove i
the great Napoleon a fugitive from Waterloo.
English Henry VIII covered the scaffold with
a hecatomb of victims to his lust, avariec, and
cruelty, to establish a church whicli should
sanction crime, and to secure a legislation that
could cringe to his despotic will. From the
tyranny, cruel executions, and confiscation of
vast estate. Hetiry destroyed the power of the
nobility, crushed the Catholic llomish priest-
hood, intimidated the Parliament. But Smith-
field martyrs and all the victims of bloody
Mary's reign rose as witnesses to rebuke the
follies and oppressions of Henry ; and it is not
far-fetched to assume that the Puritans who
beheaded Charles I sprung from those whose
blood (lowed on the scaffold raised by Henry,
and learned the true duties of freemen from
his licentious confiscation of land and property,
bestowed on hungry partisans and unscupulous
adventurers.
Confiscation is one of the evil practices of
parties which made Alexander blush before
the robber. It belongs to the rubbish of his-
tory and should be branded with the seal of
infamy which has been fixed by modern civili-
zation on the inquisition, slavery and piracy.
No free people can practice them and preserve
their liberty. No wise Government should tol-
erate them—no virtuous nation will pour such
poison into the minds of its children, or blot
its statistics with such damning proof of man's
degradation and brutality.
J ustice has no voice in such hue and cry
after the vanquished in a time of profound
peace and above all at a time when recon-
struction of the Union is the known wish of this
whole natiou and the avowed object of our
present legislation. It is strange that by such
acts as these the party which has carried this
Government through the war of the rebellion
should so dim the brightness of its fame and
so lower its high standard of 11 good will to-
ward all, and malice toward none/' Weak
human nature with ruling passion strong in
death 1 Why should this old man persecute the
white race by a law which must desolate the
homes of innocent women, harmless childreu,
and impotent old men? Let the annals of grim
and gray barbarism and time-honored tyranny
answer why. Cruelty seems so strong an ele-
ment in our nature that not even the glow of
complete triumph can soothe to rest nor mag-
nanimity soften it into toleration for our fellow-
man. From the time of Pharoah, who perished
in the Red sea catching at straws he denied the
Hebrews in Goshen, to the day when Napoleon
( was eaten up by a cancer and chagrin on the
i mean little island of St. Helena with Sir Hud-
; son Lowe for a comforter, and even to this
hour hardness of heart have had its glory and
its shame, its short triumph and long sorrow.
Mr. Stevexs in his speech asks and answers
himself.
! "Is there Snything in the practico of nations to
j condemn this confiscation ? Nothing; but everything
: to justify it. When a city of people in alliance with
Rome conspired to levy war against her, on being
conquered she was not unfrequcntly deprived of half
her population and their lands taken and given to
Roman colonists. Where all is justly forfeited, in-
cluding their lives, to leave them a part is great
mercy. I need not cite the examples of Greece and
Macedonia. They were severer than Rome. Now, I
would not exact much personal punishment. I have
never believed in bloody penalties. I have long
since adopted the milder views of Boccaria and Mon-
tesquieu. But when I say that, it does not mean
impunity to criminals. Heavy pecuniary punish-
ments should take the placo of personal inflictions.
Rome at one time decreed that no blood should be
shed except in hostile conflict. But for making war
on the republic and lesser crimes she interdicted to
the "malefactorfire and water," which was the form
of her sentence of banishment. Such banishment
involved the forfeiture of all their estate, real as well
as personal. While they allowed the malefactor to
depart with life they reduced him to poverty. Such
was the fate of Cicero when he went into exile. It
was from the study of this Roman law, no doubt, that
our learned President took the idea contained in hi3
speech, " traitors must be impoverished." Ho will, I
hope, pardon us for not being hard-hearted enough
fully to carry out his wishes."
Memorable examples of the softening of the
heart of nations under the trials of experience
teach us our duty to-day.
TREATMENT OP CONQUERED NATIONS BY THE REPUBLIC
OF ROME.
"The Romans generally commenced by treating
their provinces with mildness. The Government of
Sicily was arranged 'on a basis which certainly did
not augment the burdens on the inhabitants. The
tribute imposed on Macedonia was less than the
amount of taxation which she had paid to her own
kings; and there is no reason for supposing that the
burdens of the Greeks, whose country was embraced
in tho province of Achtca, were increased by the
conquest. The local municipal administration of
the separate cities was allowed to exist, but in order
to enforce submission more readily their constitu-
tions were modified by fixing a census which re-
stricted the franchise in tho democratio common-
wealths."—Finlt*y'* (treene vtitler the JComaitt, p. 28.
LAWS REGULATING CONFISCATION BY KINGS OF ENG-
LAND.
"In 1601 an attempt was made to render our law
of treason more definite, just, and humane. But it
was not until l(i!i> that the law on this point, assented
to by William HI, obtained its placo in our statute-
book. To us the Government of William may seem
strong. But during some years tho most intelligent
I men about him wero far from regarding tho new
order of things as perfectly secure. The Jacobites
were restless, noisy, and insolent, and besides men
of that description whose imbecile fanaticism and
malignant treason were belched forth everywhere, the
fact that a busy intercourse wasgoingon between tho
court of James at St. tlemiains and his friends in this
country was not wholly unknown to the statesmen
of either party. To make the law of treason greatly
more favorable to culprits in such circumstances de-
manded some wisdom and courage, but after consid-
erable deliberation the thing was done. The new law
provided that tho accused should have a copy of tho
indictment five days before trial ; that tho names of
the jurors should be given to him two days before;
that he should be allowed the bouefit of counsel; that
the witnesses in his favor might be examined upon
oa-thand be compelled to make their appearance, and
that overt acts of treason must bo proved by two
witnesses deposing to tho same act, or to some act of
the same significance relating to the same treason.
It was provided also that judgment on a peer should
ho pronounced by tho whole peerage, andnot by any
selection from that body made by the Government.
In this enactment we see a near approximation to
the law as it now stands. But even under William
the manner of conducting such trials was not wholly
freo from irregularity and harshness. In the next
reign the law became still more liberal. But the
safety of state offenders in our history has generally
resulted from tho force of enlightened public opinion
more than from the letter of our law."—Yaugkan'a
Revolutions in Uistory, vol. 3, p. 569.
CONSTITUTIONAL VIEW.
Confiscation is the punishment for high trea-
son. Such has been the practice of all Gov-
ernments. It is but fair, therefore, when con-
fiscation is propqsed by a Government against
its citizens, or any part of them, that treason
is the crime for which such customary punish-
ment is inflicted. The Constitution expressly
provides for such cases. The commentators
fully define the intent and meaning of its pro-
visions on that head, and without entering into
any further examination of the practice of our
Government in cases of treason and confisca-
tion, I shall now simply quote the opinions
of leading jurists, and leave the subject with
them.
First in order naturally comes the definition
of the crime, and then its punishment. In
fixing what constitutes treason the framers of
; the Constitution remembered their own great
wrongs, and the great danger they had run in
the struggle to redress them. They had a nat-
ural and just horror of constructive treason,
the plastic nature of which had helped many a
tyrant to power and robbed many a free state
of its peace. They therefore made treason
odious, but at the same time rendered con-
structive treason not only odious, but impossi-
ble.
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON.
That the safety of the State might be secure
in the hands of its legislature, Congress was
empowered to punish treason against the Union.
But fearful lest the partisan spirit of an elect-
ive body might abuse the power of punishment
by persecuting the opponents of the majority
for political opinion rather than for treasonable
acts, and renew the horrors of internecine par-
tisan war under the pretense of punishing state
criminals, a limit was put upon the power of
Congress to punish treason. The children's
teeth were not to be put on edge because their
fathers had eaten of sour grapes. Nor was a
political scaffold erected under the shadow of
the Constitution to stain the land that Consti-
tution was created to keep sacred as a refuge
of tolerant men. Homeless orphans and house-
less widows were to bless, not curse, the men
who fought^o long and thought so much and
labored so well to redress the wrongs of Gov-
ernments and establish the safety of the people.
WHAT IS TREASON 1 EVIDENCE, CONVICTION, AND PUN-
ISHMENT OF.
"In this connection it seems proper to state the
origin and purpose of that definition of treason which
is found in the Constitution, and which was placed
there in order on the one hand to defend the su-
premacy of the national Government and on the
other to guard the liberty of the citizen against the
mischief of constructive definitions of that crim&
In order, therefore, to free the definition of treasoft
