1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
it may be proved to the contrary by evidence
as clear as daylight, he cannot see it.
The honorable Senator undertakes to tell us
this morning that his construction of the law
is so clear that no man can doubt it. Well,
sir, I have argued that question twice in the
Senate, in reply to the Senator, and I really
have been told by several very respectable
Senators, gentlemen of judgment and gentle-
men of fairness, that they thought my argument
was unanswerable on the subject, and they
were perfectly convinced that I was right, and
not that the honorable Senator was. So it is
not so very clear, after all. As I repeated the
other day, something is due to the legal opin-
ion of the Chief Justice of the United States,
then Secretary of the Treasury, who took one
view of the law. He certainly is a man of
respectable judgment and has a fair character
for honesty and integrity. He never has
changed his opinion, 1 have reason to believe,
as to the true construction of these laws. I do
not pretend to compare myself, to put myself
on the same level, with the honorable Senator
from Illinois as a lawyer, especially in con-
struing statutes; and I gave the reason the
other day: I never have been on the bench,
and therefore my judgment is not as good as
his, and cannot be ; but such was my opinion,
and such is my opinion now, and such was the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, repeatedly given as the chief law officer
of the Government, which I alluded to the
other day. It seems to me, I repeat again,
that all these things might make my honorable
friend withhold for a little while the repetition
of this assertion, to go out in the newapapers,
that there cannot be any possible doubt as to
the construction of these laws. I think weare
certainly under some obligation to respect each
other's opinions somewhat in relation to those
matters, and to consider that it is possible we
ourselves may be mistaken.
Now, sir, having explained what this pro-
position is, I hope the Senate will understand
that they are not called upon to sanction any-
thing that 1 did or anything that either of the
Secretaries of the Treasury did. I do not ask
for it, and I do not know that anybody else
does. Fortunately for myself, perhaps, I am
out of the way now, and cannot be punished
for what I did unless it is found that I stole
something while I was there, and perhaps the
statute of limitations may save me even in
that particular. [Laughter.] But there is
one Secretary of the Treasury there now. He is
within the hands of the Senate and the House
of Representatives. If he has been meddling
with the public money improperly, I think it
would be a very much fairer mode of proceed-
ing against him with reference to his official
acts, very much more becoming, to examine
the facts and file charges against him, rather
than to get up and make them repeatedly here,
to go into the columns of the Globe,_ perhaps
unanswered. It would be quite as fair to deal
with a public officer in that way.
With regard to the new cases that have been
brought forward this morning by the honorable
Senator, I do not know anything about them
except one, and that is the J3illups case, that
was settled in this city. How was that? How
do the papers show that? And that, perhaps,
may be a sample of how the whole will turn
out. That Billups case went before the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, as I understand, and was
rejected. It was then sent by the President
to the Attorney General, and the Attorney
General decided that it must be paid.
As to these other matters, they are all of late
date. Thev are none of them old ; they are
all since the termination of the war, il I under-
stood them rightly—the whole of them. Ihey
do not stand under these laws, any of them.
But the Senator will not admit anything with
repaid to it. He takes them as if they were
alf under these laws of Congress. There is no
one of the cases under these laws, because
these laws expired with the termination or the
rebellion. There was the end of them; the
collecting of cotton under these laws stopped
with the termination of the rebellion. But the
Secretary of the Treasury undertook to say, of
his own responsibility, from the desire that he
had to get all he could for the benefit of the
Government, that he believed, as everybody
else did, there was a great deal of cotton in the
confederate States that belonged to the con-
federate government, and what belonged to the
confederate government he considered as be-
longing to the U nited States; and he, therefore,
of his own motion, appointed agents to collect
that cotton, but not to collect or take anything
that belonged to individuals. That was of his
own motion; it did not come under these laws
in any way, and none of the claims could have
been sent to the Court of Claims that I know
of in any possible way if property was taken.
He appointed agents. Some of them turned out
to be mere speculators, mere knaves. Great
rascality took place undoubtedly on the part of
some of the agents appointed. They went
down there and took property wherever they
could find it, calling it the cotton of the con-
federate government. There was one place,
in Mobile, I believe, where I am informed the
agent stationed himself and took every bale
of cotton that came into that city.
Mr. CONNESS. And the Secretary might
have known he would have done it when he
appointed him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He took every bale
that came into the city, whether it was in pos-
session of one man or not; he seized the whole,
calling it the cotton of the confederate gov-
ernment. He excused himself by saying it
was a precaution ; he did not know whether it
did or not, but meant to find out. But the
claims came here and the proof was ample,
over and over again that vast quantities that
belonged to individuals were thus seized. Sup-
pose it belonged to a rebel; the agent had no
right to take it. Suppose it belonged to a gen-
eral in the rebel army; he had no right to seize
it, not a particle, unless it belonged to the
confederate government. Where those things
took place and the agents thus disobeyed
orders and undertook to lay their hands upon
private property calling it confederate prop-
erty, and that was proved, in many cases the
Secretary ordeied it to be delivered up at
once.
Mr. JOHNSON. He could not help it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; he could not help
it. He had no claim to it. He had no right
to retain it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ho could not defend a
law suit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not. He
could not defend himself for holding it. Those
were the facts with regard to the large quanti-
ties of cotton delivered up since the war, of
the date of which the Senator speaks. 1 do
not know with regard to all those cases; but I
presume every one of them is of that descrip-
tion from the dates the Senator gives.
Then where is the justice of this manner of
attacking the Secretary and the action of the
Secretary? The Senator goes out and inquires
of A, B, C, and D, or A, B, C, and D come to
him and say, "We know something about
this." Outsiders, agents who have quarreled
with the Treasury Department, come to the
Senator and give him cases. What does he do?
Does he go to the Treasury Department and
look into the facts? Does he submit these
statements to the Secretary of the Treasury and
ask what answer he has to make to them ? By
no manner of means ; but, on these statements
of outsiders, disappointed men, agents—prob-
ably some of them men who have been turned
out for their own frauds—he comes in here and
reads the list, and it goes into the Globe as a
list of gross cases where property belonging to
the United States has been delivered up to
rebels. That is the mode in which^tlw argu-
ment is conducted. Sir, I do not think it just
and fair. I do not know but that wrong has
been done; I cannot tell; 1 know nothing
about it. The cases come before me for the
firsttiine. I never before heard of them. But
I say, in my judgment, this is no way to make
charges against a Department of this Gov-
ernment on the mere stories of outsiders with-
out knowing any of the reasons upon which
the action of the Department took place; and
it is not a fair way of deciding them.
But, sir, the principal motive of my" rising
was to convince the Senate, if I could, that the
Senator was entirely mistaken in supposing,
that the passage of this amendment would ia
any way operate as a sanction of what had been
done, or that the efleet of it was to keep money
out of the Treasury, in the hands of the Sec-
retary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, X find
the same difficulty in discussing a public meas-
ure m the Senate to-day that I have often ex-
perienced before. It seems to be the peculiar
province of my friend from Maine to be unable
to discuss the action of the Departments of this
Government without making a personal matter
with a Senator. A great portion of his speech
is devoted to me and my manner. What haa
that to do with the joint resolution under con-
sideration, or the propriety or legality of the
action of the Secretary of the Treasury ? Why
turn his censure upon me? Why denounce
me as not understanding anything_ about this
matter, and as being ignorant or willfully mis-
representing it? He starts out with that dec-
laration. He says that I state that this is an
amendment to keep $100,000 out of the Treas-
ury when it is a measure to put all the money
into the Treasury, and is not any such thing.
Now, see how plain a statement will correct
that whole matter. Here is a resolution that
says the Secretary of the Treasury shall cover
into the Treasury this money that is now out-
side, and in the same resolution says he shall
take $100,000 of it, of the same money j and
that is not keeping $100,000 out 1 It directs
in the same act that the money be paid in and
the $100,000 taken out. Does the Senator
from Maine believe that the Secretary will pay
it in and take it out the next day ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would the Senator like
to have an answer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the legal effect
of that? Does it not leave $100,000 under his
control ? The Senator may answer if he wishes
to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It leaves it in his con-
trol just as all other moneys which are appro-
priated and which he must expend are left
under his control—in no other way. _ But the
proposition is, that it shall be paid in. It is
not left in his hands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is $100,000 of this
very money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not make
any dift'erence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, how inaccurate
was my statement, and to what charge of igno-
rance and misrepresentation am Isubject, when
he has this amount of money outside, and the
same law tells him to put it in and then take
$100,000 out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has not got it out-
side. ., , _
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not outside I Is
not the law that we are now passing to com-
pel him to put it in ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr TRUMBULL. Then is it not outside?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not the law will
have no effect} I suppose. It is a law to compel
him to put it in. Then I take it it must be
outside, or else the law will have nothing to
operate upon. Now, sir, with what justifica-
tion can the Senator from Maine stand up in
this Senate, and before the country, and
charge me with ignorance and not understand-
ing it, or willfully misrepresenting it, when
the law says that of this very money that the
Secretary is to pay over he may take $100,000
right out. Is not the legal effect of that_ the
same? What is the substance of the thing?
The accuracy of the language may not suit a
person who speaks as correctly as the Senator
from Maine always does; but in law what is
the legal effect of it? Is not the $>100,000
