2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IS,
no measure on the subject of reconstruction
until March 2, 1867. Nearly two years had
elapsed before we undertook any plan upon
our own responsibility.
We have professed ourselves exceedingly
anxious to have these States represented, but
our objection has been to the plan of the
President. This whole war since January,
1866, between the executive and legislative
departments of the Government has been
based upon this difference in regard to recon-
■ dtrnction. Congress has expressed a desire
again and Again to readmit these States the very
moment that reconstruction was accomplished
upon its plan. Now, sir, after the passage of
a supplementary act about the 23d of March,
1867, and afterward one in July, for which we
were called here specially, on account of an
opinion of the Attorney General 
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I call
the Senator to order. This is a motion to take
up a bill, and I make the question of order that
this general debate is entirely out of order on
a motion to take up a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can prescribe no limitation to debate; but it is
evident that debate on a motion to take up a
bill ought to be confined to the question of
taking it up, and should not extend to its mer-
its at large.
Mr. FESSENDEN. General reasons may
be assigned why a bill should or should not be
taken up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The new rules expressly
provide that on a motion to take up a bill de-
bate on the merits of the question proposed to
be considered is not in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not debating
the merits of that question, but another one.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is still worse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The new
rules specially provide that debate on such a
motion shall be confined to reasons for taking
up or not taking up the measure proposed to
be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what
the Senator from Missouri is doing. He is
giving his reasons why the bill should be
taken up. • "•
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; an&4he
Senate will see that all I am saying is quite
pertinent to the question under consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will proceed. It is very difficult for the
Chair to prescribe limits to debate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have to use more
words than some people in order to express an
idea. I was saying that Arkansas and the
other States have been organized under the
plan of Congress. After ninety days has been
expended here upon an impeachment trial, and
every time the court adjourns it is utterly im-
possible for us to do any business connected
with legislation, if the Senate is to adjourn now
for ten days what will be the result? I will
not say that tBe ninety days spent upon the
impeachment might have been better spent on
other business; but I will say that perhaps that
time might have been much better spent in
the legislation that the country demands upon
financial questions, upon commercial questions,
and upon internal revenue questions. How-
ever, i make no complaint. The Senate sit-
ting as a court of impeachment has, against my
vote, adjourned until the 26th instant. That
left us from the time of that adjournment about
ten days for legislative business; and now we
are approaching the heat of the summer, and
it is coolly proposed to adjourn the Senate
also. What for?
We were told here the other day that in
Arkansas and the other southern States mur-
ders by the wholesale were being committed;
that there was perfect anarchy, confusion,
disorder, and that these States ought to be
immediately admitted. These statements were
somewhat surprising to me; but is it possible
that Senators* who made them will now con-
sent to leave the public business of the country,
and when the heats of summer are approach-
ing run home or else go to their rooms and
leave the business of the session undone? Has
not this State been ■ reconstructed upon the
congressional plan? Have not equal rights
been secured to the blacks in Arkansas ? I
understand so. I understand that this reor-
ganization has been entirely in accordance with
the acts of March 2 and March 23, 1867,
and that the people of Arkansas have complied
with every condition imposed by Congress, and
that disorder, confusion, and wild anarchy
exist there simply because their government
is not recognized by Congress, and the Union
people there demand immediate admission.
And yet, Mr. President, are wo to run away
from our duty, neglect to discharge it, and ad-
journ? For what purpose? I suppose lor
some of our members to attend the Chicago
convention.
Now, Mr. President, if Senators desire to
go, I suppose that a quorum will remain here
to attend to business, or if the members of the
House desire to go I do not wish to put any
obstacle in their way. 1 am peifectly willing
to so vote as to enable tlie House to adjourn
until that time. Rut where is the necessity of
the Senate leaving? The Arkansas bill has
been passed by the House, and it is here for
our consideration. On next Tuesday, 1 sup-
pose, we shall again be employed in the de-
cision of the impeachment matter, and I cannot
tell how long it will last. Perpaps we shall
have another adjournment of it; perhaps new
articles of impeachment will be presented, and
we may again be detained perhaps for a month
or longer. Are we to do no legislation at all?
Are we to abandon the whole thing, and say
that we cannot compose our minds to the duties
incumbent upon us here as legislators, and
that there is only one thing we can attend to,
and that is impeachment?
Mr. President, if Senators desire to take that
responsibility, I for one shall submit; but I
have looked at the subject, and have concluded
that it is our duty to remain. If members of
the other House desire to go to Chicago or any-
where else—if they desire to visit their homes,
or if Senators desire to go home in order to
' ascertain the feeling of their constituents on
the subject of impeachment, or on the subject
even of the admission of these States, I am
perfectly willing that they shall do so; but
certainly a quorum will remain to discuss this
Arkansas matter and the introduction of the
other States. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has a bill for the admission of
six other of these States. Is it possible that
we shall shrink from our duty, that we shall
run away and leave it undone? When are we
to act on this subject? Can we satisfy the
people who are so often appealed to in this
Chamber, now that these States are reorganized
and reconstructed upon the plan which we our-
selves imposed upon them ; can we satisfy the
people that we are doing our duty, when they
ask for admission and we ourselves say that
disorder and confusion exist because they are
not represented, by going away and leaving this
business unattended to? 1 think not. Mr.
President, let these gentlemen take the respon-
sibilityof adjournment; I shall vote against it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, i desire to
make simply one remark suggested by what
has just fallen from the Senator from Missouri.
He says that disorder and confusion exist in
these States because we do not act.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I stated
no such thing.
Mr. SUMNER. What was it?
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated that Senators
here had said on Saturday that disorder and
confusion did exist there because they were
not in the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. Because they were not in
the Union. The whole reason why there is
disorder there, and why there is bloodshed and
a menace of bloodshed, is because Andrew
Johnson is now President of the United States.
That is the reason ; none other.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would ask
whether the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois has been reduced to writing. If it has
been I should like to have it read.
The PRES-IDENT pro tempore. There is -
no motion except to take up a bill for consid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is never reduced to
writing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no rule requiring that to be in writing.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood that the Chair
decided that it was not in order to amend that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did decide that the two motions were inde-
pendent of each other, and that the first moved
was to be first put.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, sir, let us take the vote.
The yeas and nays have been ordered, and the
roll-call must commence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Conn ess, Cragin, Fes-
sonden, Fowler, Harlan, Henderson, Johnson, Mor-
gan, l'omeroy, ltoss, Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Willey. and Wilson—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Davis, Dixon. Doolittle, Drake. Ed-
munds, Ferry, Howe, MeCreery, Morton. Norton,
Patteison of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ramsey, Summer, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade,
Williams, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Jiayaid, Cameron, Corhett, Frc-
Iinghuysen, Grimes, Hendiieks, Iloivard, Morrill of
Maine, Mor-ill of Vermont, Nye, Sanlsbury.Sprague.
Stewart, and Thayer—14.
So the motion of Mr. Trumbull was not
agreed to.
captured and abandoned cotton'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 27th of Jan-
uary last, information in relation to sales of
captured and abandoned cotton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is in re-
sponse to a resolution which was offered by
me some time ago inquiring when the money
was covered into the Treasury that was re-
ceived from captured and abandoned prop-
erty. I move that the communication lie on
the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 473) for the relief of Charles
E. Capehart;
A bill (II. R. No. 1045) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the execution of the reconstruction
laws in the third military district for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868;
A bill (II. R. No. 1062) to grant the right
of way to the Plattsburg and Whitehall Rail-
road Company; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 01) concern-
ing certain lands granted to railroad companies
in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
impeachment of the president.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution requesting of the Sen-
ate a certified copy of the proceedings of the
last two days of the trial of the impeachment
of the President of the United States.
pr0p08ud recess.
Mr. DRAKE. I move now that the Senate
take up the concurrent resolution returned to
the Senate by the House of Representatives
this morning.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move now that the Senate
reconsider the vote on the resolution taken last
Saturday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
cm the Senator from Missouri if he voted with
the majority before?
