160
SUPPLEMENT TO
f
OPINION
of
, HON. HENRY WILSON.
The past seven years have been to gentlemen
occupying seats in this Chamber years of press-
ing duties and stern trials. In the trying times
through; which the nation has passed and is
passing it has sometimes^ happened that Sen-
ators of large capacity, ripe experience, and
eminent public service have widely differed in
the interpretation of the Constitution and the
construction of the laws. Whenever the high
duties imposed upon Senators by the exigen-
cies of the country have pressed for action,
and our deliberations have been distracted by
the diverse opinions of Senators learned in the
law, I have striven to discharge my duty by
giving whatever doubts clouded my judgment
or embarrassed my action to patriotism, to
liberty, and to justice—to the security of my
country and the rigfcts of all its citizens. In
;lancing back ovetSBpe years I find few votes
would recall by fouowing this rule of action.
In this great trial, imposed upon the Senate by
the Constitution of our country and the Repre-
sentatives of the people, I shall give whatever
doubts have arisen to perplex or embarrass to
my country rather than to its Chief Magistrate,
now arraigned as a violator of the Constitution,
a violator of the laws, and a violator of his oath
to faithfully execute the laws. By a too rigid
adherence to forms and technicalities the sub-
stance is often lost. Discarding forms and
technicalities and looking only to the substance,
I shall so vote as to secure the ends of justice.
I am not, I trust, unmindful of the gravity
of the occasion, of the solemnity of my oath,
nor of the obligation ever resting upon me "to
be just and fear not." I know that the vote I
shall give in this great trial will be criticised
sharply in our age and in ages to come. The
President is on trial before the Senate—the
Senate is on trial before the present age and
before the coming ages. I intend to vote for
the conviction of the President and for his
removal from his higli office, and to submit
my motives and my action to the judgment of
the present and of the future. From the ver-
dict of the Senate the President has 110 appeal;
from the verdict of posterity the Senate has
no appeal. I propose to state, with brevity,
some of the reasons why f shall vote for the
conviction of the President of the United
States upon the charges pi-eferredby the Rep-
l-esentatives of the people.
The framers of the Constitution well knew
the seductive, grasping, and aggressive nature
of executive power. They knew that for ages
the contest had been " to rescue," in the words
of Daniel Webster, "liberty from the grasp of
executive power," and that "our security was
in ourwatchfulnessof executive power." They
know that the champions of human freedom in
the Old World, though often baffled, had strug-
gled for generations to limit and restrain ex-
ecutive power. They sought to make the exec-
utive power of the nation useful to the country,
"but not dangerous to the liberties of the people.
They gave to the President a short term of
office, and clothed the Representatives of the
people with power to arraign him before the
Senate, not only for high crimes, but for high
misdemeanors, too. Jealous of executive
power, the framers of the Constitution gave to
, be House of Representatives—a body repre-
senting the interests, the sentiments, the opin-
ions of the people, and their passions, too—
complete authority to arraign the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation before the tribunal of the
Senate. They clothed the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, composed of gentlemen quite as
liable as are the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives to be influenced by the interests,
the opinions, the sentiments, and the passions
of the people, with ample power to try, con-
vict, and remove the President, not only for
the commission of high crimes, but for high
misdemeanors.
High misdemeanors may or may not be vio-
lations of the laws. High misdemeanors may,
in my judgment, be misbehavior in office detri-
mental to the interests of the nation, danger-
ous to the .rights of the people, or dishonoring
to the Government. I entertain the conviction
that the framers of the Constitution intended
to impose the high duty upon the House of
Representatives to arraign the Chief Magistrate
for snch misbfehavior in office as injured, dis-
honored, or endangered the nation, and to im-
pose upon the Senate the duty of trying, con-
victing, and removing the Chief Magistrate
proved guilty of such misbehavior. Believing
this to be the intention of the framers of the
Constitution and its true meaning; believing
that the power should be exercised whenever
the security of the country and the liberties of
the people imperatively demand it; and be-
lieving by the evidence adduced to prove the
charges of violating the Constitution and the
tenure-of-office act, and by the confessed and
justified acts of the President, that he is guilty
of high misdemeanors, I unhesitatingly vote
for <his conviction and removal from his high
office.
The President is charged by the House of
Representatives with violating the Constitution
and the tenure-of-oflice act in removing Mr.
Stanton from the office of Secretary of War
and in appointing Adjutant General Thomas
Secretary of War ad interim. The removal of
Mr. Stanton and the appointment of Adjutant
General Thomas, and the violation of the ten-
ure-of-office act, if Mr. Stanton be within that
act, stand confessed and justified in the answer
of the President to the charges of the House
of Representatives. The answer of the Pres-
ident, without any other evidence, is to my
mind conclusive evidence of his guilt. Upon
his answer, confessions, assumptions, and just-
ifications I have no hesitation in recording ray
vote of "guilty." The assumptions of power
put forth by the President in his defense can-
not but startle and alarm all men who would
maintain the just powers of all branches of the
Government. Had the President inadvertently
violated the Constitution and the laws; had
he pleaded in justification misconstruction
of the Constitution and the laws, I might
have hesitated to vote for his conviction. But
he claims the right to remove civil officers and
appoint others ad interim during the session
of the Senate. If that claim of power is ad-
mitted by avote of acquittal, the Presidentcan
remove during the session of the Senate tens
of thousands of civil officers, with their millions
of compensation, and appoint his own crea-
tures to fill their places without, the advice and
consent of the Senate, and thus nullify that
provision of the Constitution that empowers
the Senate to give its advice and consent to
appointments.
Not content with this assumption of power,
the President claims the right to pronounce a
law of Congress unconstitutional, to refuse to
execute it, although he is sworn to do so, and
to openly violate it with a view of testing its
constitutionality in the courts,' although no
means may exist for months or years to come
to test the constitutionality of the law so vio-
lated in the judicial tribunals of the country.
The President claims and has exercised the
right to declare Congress an unconstitutional
body, incapable of enacting laws or of propos-
ing amendments to the Constitution; to hold
the laws in abeyance; to refuse to exeeutp
them, and to defiantly violate them in order to
test their constitutionality. These are the po-
sitions assumed by Andrew Johnson. These
assumptions, if admitted, radically change the
character of our Government. If they are sus-
tained by a verdict of acquittal the President
ceases to be the servant of the law and becomes
the master of the people, and a law-non-exe-
cuting power, a law-defying power, a law-
brealcing power is created within the Govern-
ment. Instead of an Executive bound to the
faithful execution of the laws of Congress the
nation has an Executive bound only to execute
the laws according to his own caprices, whims,
and sovereign pleasure. Never can I assent,
by a vote of acquittal, to executive assump-
tions 30 unconstitutional, bo subversive of the
Government, so revolutionary in their scope
and tendency. These assumptions will intro-
duce into our constitutional system, into our
Government of nicely-adjusted parts, derange-
ment, disorganization, and anarchy.
• Criminal aets raise thepresumptionof wrong
motives, intentions, and purposes. The Presi-
dent's acts, claims, and assumptions, made
against the well-known protests of vast masses
of the people, the organs of public opinion,
the Congress of the United States, and the
laws of the land, -afford ample evidence that
his motives, intentions, and purposes were un-
worthy, if not criminal. We are sworn to give
this arraigned President a trial as impartial as
the lot of humanity will permit. But we can-
not close our eyes to the records of the past
three years, nor can we wholly shut out from
all influences our personal knowledge of his
intentions, purposes, and acts. The framers
of the Constitution, when they empowered
Senators to sit in judgment upon an arraigned
Chief Magistrate, must have presumed that
Senators would know something of the motives,
intentions, and purposes, and oe familiar with
the public record of him who should exercise
executive power in their time. The framers
of the Constitution knew, when they gave Sen-
ators the power to try an arraigned Chief
Magistrate, the country knows, and we know,
that personal knowledge a#i the historic rec-
ords of the country cannot but influence in some
degree the feelings and judgments of men.
Pour years ago eleven States were wrenched
from the Union, their governments were ar-
rayed against the country, the land was des-
olated with civil war, the nation was strug-
gling to restore and maintain the unity of the
country, the supremacy of the Government,
and the freedom of millions made free by
executive proclamation and a constitutional
amendment. The faith of the nation was
plighted to restore the broken Union on the
basis of loyalty, and to maintain the freedom
of millions of emancipated bondmen. The
men pledged to liberty and union accepted An-
drew Johnson, supported and trusted him.
Coming into power, he at once, in spite of the
fears and protests of the loyal men who had
confided in him, entered upon a policy that
placed the conquered rebel States in the keep-
ing of traitors, and put loyal men and the
freedmen completely under the authority of
men who had striven for four years on bloody
fields to destroy their country, to perpetuate
the slavery of the very men surrendered to
their control.
To lighten the burdens and partially protect
and defend the endangered rights of the freed-
men. Congress passed a Freedmen's Bureau
bill; the President arrested it by a veto. Con-
gress passed another Freedmen's Bureau bill;
the President endeavored todefeat itby another
veto, and when it passed into law he strove to
embarrass and thwart its operations. To pro-
tect the freedmen he had wickedly abandoned
to the control ol' their enemies and the nation's
enemies, Congresspas3edacivil rights bill; the
President attempted to arrest it by a veto; and
failing in that, he has utterly neglected to en-
force it. Congress endeavored, by submitting
an amendment to the Constitution, to secure
the reconstruction of the Union ; the President
met it by a denial of the authority of Congress
to submit an amendment, and by an invoca-
tion to his governments in the rebel States to
reject it. The rebel States having failed to
adopt the constitutional amendment, Congress
passed the reconstruction measures over Ex-
ecutive vetoes. Those measures of restoration
have encountei'ed in their execution the hos-
tility of the President. Faithful generals have
been removed for their fidelity and efficiency,
and others have been rebuked and thwarted.
The history of the past three years records
it, and our personal knowledge attests it, that
