1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
V '
subject to his control after this law passes just
as much as it is now? Can anybody deny
that? 1 could have spoken with more circum-
locution, and if I had known that my languid
would be so offensive to the Senator from Ma'. > o
I certainly would have done so, and said that
the resolution provided to put all the money
into the Treasury and then take $100,000 out.
I took a shorter way and said that it kept
$100,000 out. That is the effect of the reso-
lution. It does keep $100,000 out, because it
takes it out in the same resolution that puts it
in, and of the identical same money. Now, 1
submit, with all the fairness of the Senator
from Maine, and his perfect accuracy and supe-
rior knowledge of everything, that his point is
very peculiar at least.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend a question right here, if he will
allow me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. The Senator
can ask mo any question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo appropriate here
about one hundred and fifty million dollars,
for instance, a year—more than that—but call
it $150,000,000. According to the Senator's
reasoning, after it is appropriated it is all out
ofthe Treasury—not a dollar of it in the Treas-
ury. If he can explain the difference between
this case and that I should like to hoar it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difference is this:
This is a measure to take a particular fund,
now supposed to bo outside of the Treasury,
and put that fund into the Treasury, and place
$100,000 of that fund at the control of the Sec-
retary, to be used in his discretion for certain
general purposes, paying expenses, paying for
defending suits, and so on. I think that is a
very different thing from a general appropria-
tion bill that takes money out of the Treasury.
But the Senator says lie neither asks the
sanction of the Senate nor does he fear the
disapprobation of the Senate. Who supposes
that he does? I think the Senator from Maine
is a very bold gentleman; I do not think he
lears anybody; but I do not know that any-
body is disposed to attack him. I have known
a great many bold men to put chips on their
shoulders and ask somebody to knock them
off; but I never supposed they were the only
brave persons in the world. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is when there are
bullies about. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
may have supposed he was in danger, and that
there were bullies about. But, sir, I submit to
you and to this Senate that. I do not know of
anybody that ever attacked the Senator from
Maine. He put the chip on his shoulderwhen
nobody was assailing him. I certainly never
assailed him. I have always had the highest
opinion of his integrity and of his ability, and
of the entire honesty of purpose with which he
administered the affairs sf the Treasury Depart-
ment. I did not say anything about his admin-
istration of those affairs. It is possible, how-
ever, that even the Senator from Maine might
make a mistake. I do not know that he has
done so. I am not examining his record or
administration of the Treasury Department;
but I should just as soon expect to tind a mis-
take in the administration of any other person
as in that of the Senator from Maine.
The Senator says he neither cares nor fears
anything that the Senator from Illinois may
do. Why, sir, he need not. Ho need have no
apprehension of anything that I can say or do
in reference to him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is a little
mistaken. I said I did not fear anything he
might say or do : I did not say I did not care.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I took down his lan-
guage it was, " I do not care for anything the
Senator from Illinois may say or do."
Mr. FESSENDEN. ""'Do not fear'1 was
my expression.
'Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, the Senator need
not fear. I assure him he is in no danger from
me whatever.
Mr. I^ESSENDEN. I am very glad of that.
I did not mean to say that I did not care for
what the Senator might do or might say, be
cause n\y unx; *_y to answer him sbows that I
do care. I have tog much respect for him not
to care for what lie may say or do ; but I do
not fear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the Senator need
not. I will relieve him of any apprehensions
that he may have had on that score by telling
him that it is the farthest thing in the world
from any intention of mine to injure him in
any way whatever; and further, it would afford
me pleasure at all times, as it always has, to
bear testimony to his character and ability.
Even now, notwithstanding his furious on-
slaught, I entertain none other than kind feel-
ings toward him, and I am only sorry that he
should be so sensitive in reference to the ad-
ministration of the Treasury Department, and
that he should constantly apply personally to
himself everything that is said about the
administration of that Department.
Now, the Senator says that when property
belonged to a rebel there was no authority to
seize it. I do not agree with him at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the war; that was
his proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know when this
property was seized. The dates I read were the
dates when the property was restored. When
it was seized 1 do not know. Sir, I deny the
proposition, if I may be permitted to disagree
with the Senator from Maine. I say it was
positively the duty of the President of the
IJnited State®, under the confiscation act,
which I read the other day, to seize the prop-
erty of rebels; and where lie did seize it it
was subject to be sold and the proceeds to go
into the Treasury.
The Senator says he has satisfied several
gentlemen that his view of the law was correct..
He may have satisfied them. He certainly
satisfied himself.
But here is what the law says:
"Any person claiming to have been the owner of
any such abandoned or captured property may at
any time within two years utter the suppression of
thcrebellion prefer his elaiuito the proceed.-:thereof
in the Court of Claims; and, on proof to the satis-
faction of said com t of his ownership of said piop-
erty of his right to (he proceeds thereof, and that lie
has never given aid or eomfort to the present rebel-
lion, to receive the residue of such proceeds, after
the deduction ot any purehaso money winch may
have been paid, together with tiio expenses of trans-
portation, sale," &e.
That is what the law said, and I thought that
was what the law meant. Another portion of
the law said that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury should sell ''such property"—that is, the
captured and abandoned property—" at auc-
tion to the highest bidder, and the proceeds
thereof shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States." That is what the law says, and
then the laws says that any person whose ptop-
erty is thus sold may file his claim within two
years after the rebellion in the Coutt of Claims,
and on proof of his loyally and the other facts
he may recover back llio proceeds. If the
Senator thinks the law did not mean that, but
when it said the, Secretary should pay the pro-
ceeds into the Treasury it meant that he might
keep them out of the Treasury for two years;
if be thinks that when the law said a person
claiming the properly might file his claim in
the Court of Claims it meant that he might
make his claim to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and that, he should have discretionary
power over 821.000,000—if that is what the
Legislature meant they certainly had a very
unfortunate way of expressing their opinion.
The Senator refers to the Chief Justice.
Why, sir, when I had the honor of addressing
the Senate some weeks ago upon this question,
I read from a decision of the Supreme Court,
pronounced by the Chief Justice, in the ease
of Mrs. Alexander, whose cotton was taken,
and who went into court and asked to be per-
mitted to prove lier loyalty, and that she was
entitled to that cotton and to its proceeds. The
Chief' Justice, giving the unanimous opinion
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
said:
"Wewillnot hearyou; you lived in the enemy's
country; the law regards you as an enemy; your
cotton having been seized, the prooecds mustgo into
the Treasury of the United States; and the United
States ha« provided for you another tribunal—the
Court of Claims—where, if you can prove your loy-
alty and that you were the o ,vuer of the cotton, you
may and r .over its proceeds; but in tills court,
tho highest court of the nation, the case coming up
fiom a circuit court, you cannot he heard to allege
your loyalty or to prove your ownership of the cot-
ton.''
That is the opinion of the Chief Justice, de-
livered in a case that was before him.
But it is said that outsiders and agents come
in and we receive their statements. I should
like to know, if it is possible—I do not, know
that I will be permitted to assume that it is—
that we should have in any of the Departments
of this Government a dishonest man. If that
thing is conceivable how are we to find it out,
unless we find it out from outsiders? How are
we to know it ? Does the Senator from Maine
expect the head of a Department to lay before
Congress the evidence of'his dishonesty ? How
are we to find it out? Why,, sir, we are to find
it out as we find out all other crimes, not by
the confession of the criminal usually, not by his
proclaiming his crime, but from other sources.
The Senator says he does not know but that
wrong has been done. I think there has been
an improper administration of these laws;
that the Secretary has assumed unwarranted
authority.
But we are told that allowing $100,000 to
be taken by the Secretary of the Treasury of
this money does not give sanction, by any
means, to what lie has done. Is it not giving
some sanction to it, when we are trying to get
the money into the Treasury, to allow him to
take a part of that money right out again?
You are not appropriating this money to pay
a debt; you are not appropriating this money
for a specific purpose. It is a contingency : it
is to defend him against suits that may be
brought.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suits that are brought.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not go further
than that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; pending suits.
We wait for those that are to come and sea
what they are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment is:
That a sum of tlio proceeds of such sales not
exceeding $100,000 is hereby appropriated for the
payment of the necessary expenses incurred by or
under the authority of the Secretary ofthe Treasury.
Now, sir, suppose that is an expense in the
improper administration of these laws, does it
not sanction it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not, see why. The
Senator from Vermont agrees with me that the
Secretary of the Treasury did administer this
law improperly. He stated thai, here that, in
his judgment, these cases should have been
turned over to the Court of Claims which the
Secretary presumed to adjudicate upon. Now,
we appropriate money here, $100,000:
For the payment of the necessary expenses in-
curred by or under the authority of the Secretary of
the Trciisury.iorincidental expenses in acting under
too laws respecting the collection and disposition of
captured and abandoned property.
If he administered those laws improperly and
incurred incidental expenses in doing so, does
not this amendment sanction them? Does it
not authorize their payment? 1 think it does.
That is my construction of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend says the Sec-
retary did not administer under the law when
he did what was improper. This amendment
only allows for what was done under the law.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. He assumed to do so.
That is a very nice distinction which the Sena-
tor would draw. This money is to pay "inci-
dental expenses in acting under the laws
respecting the collection and disposition of
captured and abandoned property." He was
acting under those laws; but he acted improp-
erly, as the Senator and I both think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You say he was acting
•against tho law.
