110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
of a'l complexitr and to leave the power of the
< > t.  I. - -nd iV\r t i\ e er> i-;p* ,cn wi* 11-
«u:( iMu'i.iru'^ufnl, i'. e i onv entn#n \> t ely deterni-
h\< d t « ui.iko tie < i iitio ot treason against tho I lu-
ted State.- '■> cu-i^t -vloly in aets duected agaaist
tho I mted States them-clvos.
"Uith re.-pccr to tho nature of tho evidence of
this crime tho oommiueo piovtded that no person
idiould bo convicted of trca-ou unkvs on the te>ti-
motiN of two wrnes-es, l>«t t«>mAe this more defi-
nite it was provided by an amendment that the testi-
iu«'n> of the two witnesses should be to the same overt
no:, and also th at a com letion might take place on n
confer?:oa made in open e >urL 1*Ijo pani.-huient of
troa.-m waa not pre. T:!>ed bv the Constitution, but
w:w left to be declared b> the Congress, with the
limitation, howo\or, that no attainder of treason
sh'Hill work corruption *4' hlo«>d or torteiture ex-
cept dm mg the hie of the person attainted."—Cur-
tis * IIi4io-ry <</ the '\oL pp. 3S4-33i.
Punishment of posterity for the treason of
their fathers:
"The reason eniarannly assigned for these severe
punishments f>ey<>nd tho mere forfeiture ot the 1 ito
of the party attainted. are these: l>v committing
treason tho parry li«< Vroken h'n or'dual bond ot'
;ut<l tirfeited hi* -tjeiaf rights. Anions
these social riirhtj that of transmitting property to
others is de«iie i one of the chief ami most valuable.
Aforeorer, sueh forfeiture?, whervhy the po-tenty of
the offen Jer must sutler as well as himself, will help
to restrain a man not only hv the sense of his duty
and drotsd ot" per«onai luui'Nhraent, but also by his
passions and natural afivettans: and will interest
every dependent and relation he has to keep him
from ofiVadtns. But thisviewof the subject iswholly
unsatsitaetory. it really otKrates as a posthumous
punishment uiKm then, and compels them to bear,
not only the •hsarr.w.'e naturnlly attendant upon such
flagitious crimes, but takes from them the common
risrhtvS and priVileges enjoyed by all other citizens
where they are wholly innocent and however remote
theytaay oe in the iuieaire twin the first offender.
It surely is enough fur society to take the life of the
«'T"nder a.' a just punishment of his crime without
tak'.ns: from his offspring  nd relatives that property
which liiay be the only means of saving them from
poverty and ruin, it is bad polity too : for it cutsolf
all the attachments which these unfortunate victims
might otherwise feel f-r their own U >vernment. and
prepares them to engage in any other servtee by which
th-ir supposed injuries may bo redressed, or their
hereditary hatred srraJifi'* 1."—Tory's t'oiiimenturiet
on the Comtitutv**, chap. JS, sec. <vV..
EIAH!.VATIOS OF TEI3 BILL.
Having *pokcn on the general character of
confiseat.on laws and the punishments usual
among civilized nations. I now shall ask for
the attention of the Speaker to the character, j
object, and effect of this particular measure. |
Sir, it is a legal lineal offspring of that !
body of laws which sent the commissioners of
Herod to every household to fetch him the
young child whom he feared. It is of the
Mini' kind as those memorable laws of .Spain
which drove the Moor* front their homes in
Andaltisia; and of that edict of France which
sent Protestant Huguenots to this land and
everywhere out of their native land in search
of a home.
It is the same kind of law. in a written form,
as the crude laws of conquest issued by the com-
missioners of the king of Dahomey, of Congo,
or any Uarlraric absolute monarch.-; of Central
Africa, which strips every prisoner of every
right to live save at the option of the con-
queror. The object is the same, the effect the
same—revenge! revenge! revenge! and all
in the name nf ju«tice under the cover of law,
cruel, bad law, terrible dire vengeance, carry-
ing desolation and ruin in its course, blear- ,
eyed justice seeing only the avenues of wrong
and cruelty.
This measure is not only intolerant, unjust,
tin wise, and despotic, but it is unnecessary;
not only unnecessary, but impossible. It can-
not be carried into effect even if passed by
Congress, signed by the President, and sanc-
tioned by the Supreme Court.
Sir, the people of this Union would repeal
it in open convention, as a blot on the statute-
book of a free and enlightened nttfion.
The time has passed for such la**. Although
some gentlemen on this floor cannot see it, or
will not see it, the war is over in the South,
in the East, in the West, and above all. in the ,
North.
When this bill was introduced there was a
party in power, on this floor at least, capable
and perhaps willing to pass it.
It was one of a long series of indictment! j
which, as the great dragon ''swinges the horrors
of his twisted tail," was to close in upon the I
white race of the southern States and to strati- I
o!e them into a torpor worse than death - the
torpor of political Miboidination to the negro.
Tins is the tail of this horrid monster of polit-
ical atrocity ; it carries the sting which was to
rob the white rtu% of all political vitality in the
future. Its fiery breath was to light up the
tlames of another civil war of races, the prize
to the conquering race to be the public lauds
in the soutiiern States. That the negro might
be stronger and more irresistible for evil in
this conflict, the Secretary of War is, by this
bill, made monarch of the black kingdom of
Dixie. Supreme and mighty lord, serene,
invincible sovereign and commander-in-chief
of the black armies which were and may here-
after be enrolled into our services, armed and
equipped, without law of Congress, but on the
mere general order of the War Secretary.
That money might be had for this black horde
without additional tax tho lands confiscated
by this bill are to be sohl, always, however,
under the commission of this sovereign Secre-
tary of War, who shall make a trust fund of a
large part of the proceeds of the sale to keep
the families of his black warriors in hog and
hominy, while the throats of white citizens are
beinij heroically cut or their starved bodies
stuck with black bayonets.
PRE VMBLE OF
A bill relative to damage* done to loyal men, and for
other purposes.
Whereas it is duo to justice, and as an example to
future times, that some proper punishment snonld
be inflicted on the people who constituted tho "Con-
federate States of America," both becausc they,
declaring an unjust war against tho United States
tor the purpose of destroying republican liberty and
permanently establishing slavery, as well as for tho
cruel and barbarous manner in which they conducted
sauiwar.in violation of all the laws of civilized war-
tare, and also to compel them to make somo compen-
sation for the damages and expenditures caused by
said war: Therefore.
But, sir, this bill is too full of interest, too
sparkling with radical genius, and too glowing
with radical philanthropy to be passed over
without special notice of at least some of its
sections. Mr. Speaker, Burke said in regard
to the wholesale decrees of the British Parlia-
ment against the American rebels of 1770,
"You cannot make out an indictment against
a whole people."
But, sir, here is another indictment actually
written and printed. Mr. Burke never met
with such a master mind as the one which
framed this bill. He certainly could never
have thought that a portion of the descendants
of the rebels of 1776 would imitate Lord North
and his Tory majority in doing stupid and im-
possible things. But times change, and we
change with them.
Whoever in future ages shall visit the ruins
of this Capitol to search our archives for records
of republican governmentas here administered,
and shall study the causes of our ruin and read
this law, mindful of the lessons taught by our
fathers in their own struggle—whoever, I say,
shall do this will be justified in refusing to
believe that the people who made this law and
the patriots of 1770 are the same race of men.
\\ hy, Mr. Speaker, certain critics who have
found many supporters now declare that we
have fallen already into a premature political
decay and have no claim to the wise prudence,
sagacious toleration, and even-handed justice
of the framers of our Constitution.
If such critics and their school need proof
we have here conclusive evidence strong as
i Holy Writ that we are at least leaving the
path of duty and wisdom which our fathers
marked out; and we have our leaders here
to-day who have taken us astray. This bill is
their work and not the act of the people. The
people are firm to their faith in the principles
and provisions of that Constitution. The over-
whelming majorities against the Republican
party have settled that question forever.
Mr. Speaker, what a tyrant's plea is this
preamble for licensing every crime under the
sun, in tho name of justice! It is an artful
evasion of the Constitution ofthe United States,
which expressly defines treason, fixes the man-
' nor of trial and conviction, but. limits the power
of Congress to declare the punishment for I rea-
son.
By declaring the ''people who constituted
the confederate States ot America'' belliger-
ents, in the second section of tho bill, thereby
making them amenable to the law of nations
and putting them out of the pale of tho Con-
stitution, the lVamer of this bill seeks to pun-
ish in an unconstitutional maimer a portion of
the people of tho United States avowedly guilty
of treason by levying war against the United
States and in adhering to her enemies.
Scc.*2. And he %t further enacted. That tJw Presi-
dent "hall forthwith proceed to cause tho seizure of
such of tho property belonging to tho belligcront
enemy a* deemed forfeited by the act of 17th .Wily,
A. lb 1S« J, and hold and appropriate tho panic as
enemy's property, and proceed to condemnation with
that already seized.
"I suppose none will deny tho right to confiscate
the property of the several belligerent State*, asthey
all made war as State-*; or of the confederate States
ot' America; for no one ever denied the right of tho
conqueror to the crown property of tho \anguished
sovereign, even whcic the seizure of private property
would not be justified by the circumstances.
" Here is a belligerent mude up of men whose ei inies
had loifcited all their rights, independently of their
belligerent liabilities, llut beyond that tlieea.se of
republics is very different from absolute (Jomtii-
inents, where the people are responsible for noih-
nv-r, are guilty of nothing. The sovereign and his
estate may well be di>tiiigui>hed from his subjects
and their estates.
" Ten States of this Union have cast off their a!lo-
criance, and by the common acknowledgment of all
have forfeited all their right* under t lie ('oust it ution.
To become again legitimate State* in the Union,so as
to entitle them to equal lights with tho other States,
tho Constitution requires the sanction of Congress."
[Speech i>f Mr. Steven*.
This bill is an effort at constructive treason,
to wreak partisan vengeance by aid of sophistry.
Who were the people who "constituted the
confederate States of America'' when they
formed the confederacy? Plainly a portion of
the people of the United States.
Their act of confederation and rebellion was
treason. Their crime is clearly defined, their
manner of trial established by the Constitu-
tion, and on conviction Congress lias the power
to inflict punishment, provided always that 110
, attainder of treason can work corruption of
, blood or forfeiture except during the life of
; the person attainted.
If "the people" who constituted the con-
federate States of America were not citizens
of the United States at the time of their waging
war against the United States who were they*?
i Where did they conspire? How come they to
be in possession of the u ten States, that formed
■ the government of the so-called confederate
Statesof America/' named immediately in the
first section of this bill?
i lie it enacted hy the. Senate and IToufte of Represent-
' alive* of the United St at rt of Amcrica in t'oiiffrenii
■' iiKse/nfilcd, That all tho public lands belonging to
' the ten iStaten tluit formed tho government of the
! so-called "confederate States of America" shall
ij be forfeited by said States, and become forthwith
/ invested in the United States.
! The preamble charges this people who con-
stitute the confederate States of America with
1 proposing to destroy republican liberty. Where
t was this republican liberty established which
,, they purposed to destroy? Certainly every child
can inform the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
J, The whole history of the rebellion, the promi-
nence of its leaders in the Congress of tho
United States at the outbreak of rebellion,
their resigning from every branch of this Gov-
ernment while citizens and even Representa-
tives of those ten States, fixes the facts.
The second section, therefore, of this bill is
brutum fulmen.
The President dare not consistently with his
oath to maintain the Constitution "forthwith
proceed to cause the seizure of the property
belonging to the belligerent enemy" and hold
and appropriate the same as enemies' property.
Nor can the President appoint the two com-
missions or more for each of the "said con-
federate States," to adjudicate and condemn
the property aforesaid, as proposed in the third
section.
A title to such property could not be secured
to any purchaser in any court; and a standing
