THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the President has sought to prevent the en-
forcement of the laws passed over his vetoes.
In every form he has striven to prevent the
restoration of the Union on a basis of loyalty
to the country and the equal rights and privi-
leges of the people. The evidences legally
before us, the records of .the country, the per-
sonal knowledge of Senators, show the motives,
intentions, and designs of President Johnson.
To accomplish his purposes and designs,
Mr. Johnson sought, by the use of executive
patronage, to corrupt the American people.
When Congress, by the casting vote of Vice
President Adams, decided, in the beginning
of Washington's Administration, that the Sen-
ate was a part of the appointing power, but
not of the removing power, the office-holders
of the country were but a few hundred in num-
ber, and received a compensation amounting
to but a few thousand dollars. In our time
the Federal office-holders are counted by tens
of thousands, and their compensation amounts
to many millions. To defeat the will of the
people, the President, in the interests of dis-
loyalty, inequality, and injustice, sought to
use the corrupt and corrupting influences of
executive patronage. The Postmaster Gen-
eral made the shameless declaration, that offi-
cers who ate the President's bread should sup-
port the President's policy. To maintain the
cause of the country, as well as to protect
honest public officers who would not betray
their country, Congress enacted the civil-ten-
ure act. It met the executive veto, the exec-
utive denunciation of unconstitutionality, and
the executive violation. Mr. Williams, of the
House of Representatives, who drew the pro-
viso to the first seetion of the act, tells us that
ho intended that the act should protect Mr.
Stan tun.
The Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
who introduced the original bill, and who was
on the committee of conference, and the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who re-
ported the bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and who was also on the committee
of conference, both claim that Mr. Stanton is
protected by the act. A fair and logical con-
struction of the language of the act gives its
protection to Mr. Stanton. A large majority
in Congress voted for the bill in the belief that
it threw its protection over the great War Sec-
retary, who stood before the country one of
the foremost champions of Congress in its
struggle against the anarchical, disorganizing,
aud unpatriotic action of the Executive. Mr.
Stanton was suspended by Mr. Johnson; the
reasons for his suspension were submitted to
Congress; the reasons were pronounced in-
sufficient by more than a three fourths vote of
the Senate ; Mr. Stanton returned to his office;
the President refused to acknowledge him;
and, after several days, issued the order for
his removal, and he appointed Adjutant Gen-
eral Thomas Secretary of War ad interim—all
in direct violation of the tenurc-of office act.
The President refused to send a nomination
to the Senate, knowing that it was the will of
the Senate and of the nation that Mr. Stanton
should remain at the head of the War Depart-
ment. He had vainly sought to induce Gen-
eral Grant to be a pasgy in thwarting the will
of ihe Senate by preventing the return of Mr.
Stanton to the War Office. He had failed to
persuade Lieutenant General Sherman to aid
him in removing Mr. Stanton from his office.
He then took Adjutant General Thomas,
through whom all communications must go to
the Army, and made him Secretary of War
ad interim. The law requires all communica-
tions to the Army to go through General Grant.
Might it not have been, by placing Thomas in
the War Department, while holding the office
of Adjutant General, the purpose of the Pres-
ident to have the means of communication
with the Army under his control, and substan-
stantially to set aside the law requiring such
communications to go through the Geneial of
the Army?
In support of the acts of the President,
claims ate made and powers asserted by Mr.
Johnson and his counsel hostile to the spirit
and genius of our institutions, to the integrity
of the Government, and to the security of-pub-
lic liberty. The acquittal of the President will
give the sanction of the Senate to the monstrous
powers assumed, claimed,- and exercised by
the President, and will, in my judgment, in-
crease the lawlessness, disorder, and outrage
now so prevalent in the States lately in .rebel-
lion. His conviction and removal from office
wiii rebuke lawlessness, disorder, and crime,
and inspire hope and courage among loyal and
law-abiding men. I cannot contemplate with-
out the deepest anxiety the fatal effects, the
suffering and sorrow that must follow the ac-
quittal of the President. The disastrous con-
sequences of his acquittal seein to flash upon
me whichsoever way I turn. Conscious of the
responsibilities that rest upon me, I shall un-
hesitatingly vote for the conviction of the
President, for his removal from office, and for
his disqualification from hereafter holding any
office under the Constitution he has violated
and the Government he has dishonored.
OPINION
HON. GEORGE VICKERS.
The Constitution secures to the President of
the United States the nomination of civil offi-
cers and their appointment, if the Senate shall
advise and concur. He is the initiating and
acting power, and gives character and form to
the proceeding before it is presented to the
consideration of the Senate, which body has
no power to present the name of any one to
the President as an object of official favor.
The act of 1789, which created the Department
of War, does not limit the tenure of the office
of the Secretary of that Department, but as-
signs such duties as shall be enjoined upon and
intrusted to him by the President, agreeably
to the Constitution.
Soon after the Government went into opera-
tion the power of removal from office was
exercised by the Executive during the session
as well as in the recess of the Senate; the com-
missions to the Secretaries and many other
officers contained the statement that they held
at the pleasure of the President. A practice
immediately arose and prevailed, and was con-
tinued down to the year 1807, of removal from
office by the Executive; the power of removal
was claimed as an incident to that of appoint-
ment, and as essential to a faithful execution
of the laws, on the ground that unless the
President possessed it he could not remove a
faithless officer who might be engaged in ob-
structing the execution of the laws or in embez-
zling the public funds; the duty of the Presi-
dent under the Constitution, to take care that
the laws should be faithfully executed, could
not be efficiently discharged unattended by the
power of removal. Although differences of
opinion may have existed upon this as well as
other provisions of that instrument, yet the
practice uninterruptedly continued, with the
implied assent of the Legislature, for upward ;
of seventy-five years, and constituted a legis- j
lative construction which was affirmed by dif- 1
ferent Attorneys General of the United States,
whose attention had been specially called to
the subject. j
The acquiescence by Congress in that con-
struction, whether originally correct or not,
was fully sufficient to justify President Johnson
in its exercise. Although it may be termed an '
implied power, it is as valuable and essential
to a coordinate department as an express grant.
The power to create banks and of erecting
custom and light-houses is derived by impli-
cation. The concurrent authorities of Kent
and Story refer to the power of removal of
officers by the President, as established by
usage and acquiescence, as well as by the opin-
ions of the most eminent lawyers, judges, and
statesmen, as the settled construction of the
Constitution. It was advocated and practiced \
by Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van ;
Btiren, and other Presidents, down to Mr.
Johnson. The; elder Adams removed Mr.
Pickering, Secretary of State, during the ses-
sion of Congress, and without consulting it;
he requested Mr. Pickering to resign, and. on
his refusal removed him by a peremptory order,
and nominated John Marshall his successor;
The right of Mr. Adams does not seem to have
been questioned. The act of 1789, in its second
section, provides for the appointment of a chief
.clerk in the Department of War, who, whenever
the principal officer, the Seeretai^pshall be
removed by the President, or in any'other case
of vacancy, shall have the charge and custody
of all the records and papers in the office. The
language of this act recognizes an existing
right in the President, under the Constitution,
to remove a Secretary at his discretion.
The debates in Congress in 1789, by the
ablest men of the nation, show that the power
of removal from office was conceded to.be hi
the President, and the bills establishing the
Departments and regulating the duties to be
performed were framed purposely to conform
to that construction of the Constitution. Thus,
in the act relating to the Treasury Department,
the seventh section provides that the assistant
shall take charge of the records, books, and
papers "whenever the Secretary shall be re-
moved from office by the President of the Uni-
ted States, or in any other case of vacancy."
In the same year the Department of Foreign
Affairs was created, and in the second section
of the act it is declared that there shall be ap-
pointed an inferior officer, to be called the
chief clerk, and who, " whenever the said prin-
cipal officer shall be removed from office by
the President of the United States, or in any
other case of vacancy, shall, during such va-
cancy, have the charge and custody of the
records," &c. These three statutes do not
confer the power of removal, but they treat it
as existing in the executive department, and
were designed and drafted to exclude the
presumption of implication of a grant of that
power to the President by legislative authority.
The act of the 2d March, 18G7, regulating
the tenure of civil offices, and passed over the
President's veto, was intended to alter aud
change the settled construction of the Consti-
tution, and to empower the Senate to continue
a Cabinet officer in commission against the
will and wishes of the Executive, aud to re-
strain and check his wonted power of removal;
the statute trenched upon and materially im-
paired what the President and his legal ad-
visers, including the Secretary of War, believed
and declared to be a constitutional right and
prerogative of the executive department. The
President having sworn to "preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution of the United
States," considered it to be his duty, as custo-
dian of the executive department, to treat the
act as unconstitutional, and to exert the power
claimed and exercised by all his predecessors.
The statute of 2d March, 1807, essays to create
an offense of high misdemeanor in any one who
may attempt to violate it, and for this effort of
the President to maintain the integrity of his
department until the judiciary, the only arbiter
to determine a question of such magnitude in
the last resort, should decide, the impeach-
ment is predicated.
If one department shall attempt or do what
another department shall believe to be an
essential and vital encroachment upon its high
powers or functions, the law of self-defense is
as applicable as it would be to a personal attack
by one upon another. It cannot be expected
that the executive department is to be the
agent for executing a statute upon itself which
is to dismember and deprive it of half its
vigor or vitality; the duty enjoined upon the
President to see that the laws are exeeuied was
not designed to operate in such a case, for the
practical recognition of such a principle might
be used to work the destruction of the whole
frame of the Government and make the Con-
stitution its own destroyer. The allegation
that if the President shall be permitted to con-
travene a statute which he and his Cabinet
