1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2519
Mr. DRAKE. I voted with the majority.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That at the adjournment on Satur-
day, the 16th instant, a recess bo taken until Monday,
the 25th instant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
resolution was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew.Cattcll, Chand-
ler, Conncss, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ed-
munds. Ferry, Ilowe, Johnson, McCreery, Norton,
Nye, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Vail
Winkle, Vickers, Wade, and Williams—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Oonkling, Cragin.Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Italian, Henderson, Morgan,
Morton, Ross. Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey,
Wilson, and Yates—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbctt,
Grimes. Hendricks, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Thayer—11.
So the motion to reconsider -was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. I move now to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " on Sat-
urday, the 16th instant," and inserting '■ of the
two Houses this day so as to make the reso-
lution read:
That at tlie adjournment of the two Houses this
day a recess be taken until Monday, the 25th instant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution, as amended.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. TRUMBULL
called for the yeas and nays ; and they were
ordered.
Mr. MORTON. As it is now too late to
go to the Chicago convention if the adjourn-
ment takes place, I would like to know the
.reason for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution, as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, as I voted
the other day in favor of continuing the session
of the Senate through this week, and made a
speech which everybody who heard me is bound
by, according to the rules of law as adminis-
tered here, who did not dissent on the spot, I
wish to state my reasons for voting the other
way now, and to give notice that everybody wili
be bound by these reasons on the same princi-
ple unless they dissent forthwith. [Laughter.]
1 did believe, Mr. President, the other day
that we should succeed in accomplishing busi-
ness in the regular, methodical way this week.
I am satisfied from my observation since that
I was in error ; and like other brave and con-
scientious men, when I see that I have made a
mistake I ani willing to correct it.,, I see that
everybody is tired and indisposed to give that
attention and devotion to business which usually
characterize this body; and I believe, therefore,
that an adjournment over for one week at this
time will be a useful thing. It is quite evident
to me that the notion of our going homo early
this season may as well be abandoned now as
at any other time. It will be quite probable
that there are public reasons, good public rea-
sons—if it will not be considered as reflecting
on anybody I will say public considerations—
which should induce us to attend to the inter-
ests of our constituents here. And in that view
I am disposed to reconsider my determination
of last week and to take my resting spell now.
These are my reasons..
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, as I voted
against this resolution when it was here last
Saturday and have moved its reconsideration
to-day, I feel justified in a brief statement of
the reason why I have done so.
I am equally satisfied with the honorable
Senator from Vermont that it is hardly worth
while to attempt to transact public business at
this particular juncture of time. Two or three
times this morning there has been a call of the
other House, with great difficulty to keep a
quorum there; and I do not believe it can be
kept there ; and we in the Senate have been
sitting here as we never sat before since I have
known anything of the history of the Senate,
except at the close of the session. Day after
day for two months we have been wearing down
the system completely by close confinement.
A number of Senators have gone away; a
number of others wish to go away ; some are
so far indisposed that they feel it a necessity
that they should leave ; and why should we
punish ourselves by staying here to transact
business with the Senate in that condition and
with the other House in the condition that I
have depicted ? These are my reasons for the
course which I have taken about this matter.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conness, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Howe, Johnson, Norton,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Vickers,
and Williams—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Conkling, Cragin, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Honderson, Mor-
gan, Morton, Pomeroy, Ramcey, Ross, Sherman.
Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and
y
ABSENT —Messrs. Dayaid, Cameron, Corbett,
Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Thayer—12.
So the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF TIIE PKESIDEXT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I hope
my friend from Illinois will move now to take
up the Arkansas bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, there is a
resolution on the table from the House that
seems to me ought to be acted upon in rela-
tion to a certified copy of a record.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
of the House of Representatives:
i_v the House op repkfsr.nt.vrrves,
May IS, 1868.
Resolved, That tlie Senate are hereby requested to
direct that a certified copy of the proceedings tor the
last two days of the trial of the impeachment of the
President of the United States be sent to tho House
of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I move that
a certified copy of the proceedings mentioned
in that order of the House of Representatives
be sent to the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the pro-
ceedings I suppose are furnished to the other
House regularly ; they are laid on the desk of
each member. Is there anything accompany-
ing that resolution ; any reason given for their
desiring to have a certified copy? I only want
to know the fact?
Mr. POMEROY. No reason is given. They
only ask for a certified copy.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let them have it; I have
no objection to their having it; but 1 cannot
imagine why they want it.
Mr. SUMNER. There can bo no conceiv-
able objection to it if the House ask for it.
Mr. j OHNSON. I was going to say that I
have no objection to their having it; but it is
rather a singular request.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I ob-
serve by the official proceedings of the other
branch of Congress that they are not overbur-
dened with business as was supposed. They
have an abundant leisure not only for taking
care of those interests which are committed to
them by the Constitution and for protecting the
dignity and honor of their own House, but also
for extending their action and taking in charge
business and interests which pertain to the
Senate; and they have openly, in the face of
the nation, authorized a certain number of
their members to investigate questions which
have relation to the transactions and to the
character of the Senate of the United States.
They propose to enter upon an investigation
of the influences, as I think the resolution ex-
presses it, which have been exerted and have
operated upon the members of the Senate
sitting in their judicial capacity as a court of
impeachment. It occurs to me, Mr. President,
that if the House of Representatives, a coor-
dinate branch of the legislative department with
us, or any of its members, have information
which affects the character of Senators or the
integrity of those proceedings in which the
Senate has been engaged, it is their business
to communicate that information to the Senate
in order that it may take such action as in its
judgment pertains to its dignity, to its charac-
ter, and to the transaction of its business; and
I take it for granted that if such information
were conveyed, this Senate has yet enough of
vigor and of brain to meet and to discharge all
the duties which would become obligatory upon
it in consequence of such information.
I understand that when this Senate is charged
by the Constitution with a duty, and is pro-
ceeding to perform that duty, it has all the au-
thority and power requisite to take charge of,
to take care of all collateral questions con-
nected with its jurisdiction. I understand that
the House have nowsent us a resolution asking
an official transcript of the record of what the
Senate has done, not for the mere purpose of
informing that body, because it was present
during all our open proceedings, and it has
official published copies of all that was done
when we were in private session, but I infer
for the purpose of having this body recognize
by a deliberate vote the proceedings upon which
they have entered. What business has the
House with the records of this Senate in con-
nection with any such volunteer proceeding as
that upon which some committee or some nun)
ber of their members is about to enter?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to a
point of order; and that is, that the Senator
from Pennsylvania has no right to refer to any
proceeding of any committee of the House
whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a new idea.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a new idea.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Sir, I shall await the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the rule about referring to the House,
and let us see what it is.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"No person is to use indecent langiiage against the
proceedings of the Houso; no prior determination
of which is to be reflected on by any member, unless
he means to concludo with a motion to rescind it.
But while a proposition under consideration is still
in fieri, though it has even been reported by a com-
mittee, reflections on it are no reflections on tho
House."— Barclay's Manual, pago 74,
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the rule to
which I referred. It is in Jefferson's Manual
and relates to the proceedings of the two
Houses, that it is contrary to parliamentary
propriety fora member of either House to com-
ment upon the proceedings^ the other ; no'
that House. That which the Clerk has reai
relates to the proceedings of our own body
only.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another rule which the Clerk will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"It is a breach of order in debate to notice what
has been said on the same subject in the other House,
or the particular votes or majorities on it there, be-
cause the opinion of each House should be left to its
own indepondency, not to be influenced by the pro-
ceedings of the other; and the quoting them might
begot reflections leading to a misunderstanding be-
tween the two Houses.''—Barclay's Manual, pago 77.
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. What words
of the Senator from Pennsylvania does the
Senator from Vermont think exceptionable?
Mr. EDMONDS. I have nearly forgotten
the words it is so long ago ; but what the Sen-
ator was proceeding to do was to allude to the
proceedings of the House of Representatives
by one of its committees in inquiring into
certain matters which he was commenting
upon. That, as it appears to me, is a plain
breach of the rule which has been read,
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I should
like to inquire where that rule leads to ? Ac-
cording to that the House might do anything
or everything with reference to this body,
pass any resolution that it chose, and send
that to us, and in discussing that resolution we
n-
K /
iy
