112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
and representative government. He is as de-
pendent on the white man in these tilings to-day
as he was when he first landed on our shores,
lie is yet in his pupilage, and must be taught
how and for whom to vote.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, proposes to secure
his gratitude for the Radical leaders and bribe
his vote. It is clearly liable to this charge.
It is thought by this scheme to check the polit-
ical power of the Democratic party of the free
States and build up a petty African princi-
pality in the ten southern States under the
dominion of certain political religious fanatics.
Such a scheme must fail. It is a wicked and
weak plot. It is treason against the people.
It is a political heresy against the tolerant
principles of the Constitution. It may bring
about a war of races or a mixed war of races
and religions, but it never can restore this
Union or maintain this Government as formed
by the Constitution.
Sir, the dominion of this continent belongs
to the white man. He formed the nations which
now extend across it. He developed the
civilization which those nations protect and
adorn. His is the mastery, and you might as
well seek to check this planet in its course
around the sun as to curb the white man in
his dominion in America. The white race is
fulfilling the destiny of their race and the law
of their God. This bill from this point of
view is too feeble to deserve but a passing
notice. But the gentleman who introduced it
has held great power in this House, and is
held in great esteem by the party in power, or
lately in power, iu this Government. His word
was almost law here but a few short months
ago. He has declared on this floor that
to say that this Government is a white man's
Government is blasphemy. He has cham-
pioned the black race here and has boldly
advocated an equality of the races—always
apparently, however, turning his back on the
poor Indian and Asiatic.
The gentleman's discriminations do him
honor, and his zeal may yet be crowned with
success.
Against the efforts of himself and his party
it i  the chief satisfaction of the Democracy
to labor, and perhaps not always in vain.
But, if such bills as this become laws under
the efforts of any political party, I believe that
party will perish or this Union will pass into a
military despotism.
A constituency created, maintained, and pro-
vided for in land and homesteads by the Gov-
ernment they are called on to elect is a mon-
strous anomaly, and is only fit for tyranny.
The present system of military departments,
the Freedmen's Bureau, this bill, all its kith
and kin, are the schools in which the freedmen
of the South have learned their duties as citi-
zens. Dependent on Jfce General Government
for everything, they have learned to look to it
for all they want, and have not the faintest
knowledge of the responsibility of the Govern-
ment to them. Such, sir, is the balance of
power proposed by this measure.
What a resemblance does this crazy plot
to preserve partisan supremacy offer to the
similar plan of the great protector of England,
Oliver Cromwell! He, sir, had fanatics enough
to deal with. He had traitors of all sorts ready
at hand, and had the power and will to hang
them at short notice. He, too, held the bal-
ance of power, not by yielding to fanatics but
by using them ; not by wasting the public treas-
ure and domain but by enlarging it; not by
making his authority ridiculous by throwing
pearls before swine but by rendering the name
and dignity of a citizen and freenyin still more
famous, formidable, and honored than ever
before in England. This Congress has been
called the Rump Parliament; 1 doubt the jus-
tice of the fling. \\ here is the statesman who
can shape the fanatical madness of this House
to some useful end and make its acts in peace
worthy of the deeds ot our armies and navies
in battle? Certainly not by wastefully throw-
ing away millions of acres of public lands 011
the slaves of the leaders of tlio late rebellion
and excluding the families of the white heroes
who fell 111 your service from possi'.-.-dn'.; any
share of those hinds unices they ctDM '.it to
mix with a nice still loitered in mind by the
manacles of slavery, though bodily ransomed
by our laws.
" It is not possible that a correct judgment should
be formed with l-cyrii'd to the conduct of Cromwell in
these proceedings without a careful attention to the
character and relations ot the parlies into which the
nut ion was at that time divided. The Independents
throughout the country were with Cromwell, and
they were especially strong in the army, both among
officers and men. Opposed to them were the loyal-
ists. the Presbyterians, and the rigid Republicans,
who were severally bent on establishing their respect-
ive schemes, all of which, cither intrinsically or from
circumstances, were so many schemes of tyranny.
Cromwell resisted all theso combinations, partly by
aid of the minority throughout England who were
attached to his rule, and especially by means of tho
army.
"The language of the Protcctor in so doing was:
tho majority of the old adherents to the Stuarts are
in no temper to be very considerate about the liber-
ties of the country, either civil or religious, if once in
a position to return to their old courses; the Presby-
terians, for the greater i>art, have become indifferent
to the great cause of civil right, and disposed to set
up an ecclesiastical machinery not a whit less oppress-
ive than that ot Laud and his coadjutors, and would
hail at onec a Stuart king who should proini-c them
power in that form; while the Republicans, if in
theory more favorable to freedom, being so small a
minority, could not be expected to retain ascend-
ency for a month without, resorting to the miserable
hypocrisy of upholding the iron rule of a military
oligarchy under tho specious name of a Common-
wealth. Cromwell maintained accordingly, and with
manifest justice, that for the present an enlightened
regard to tho interests of the nation required that
the most vigorous efforts should be mado to prevent
the complete succe.-s of any one of these parties a nd
to balance them aiain«t each other, so as to bring
them at last to some common ground of settlement.
His experiments in convening his several parlia-
ments were all designed to facilitate such an adjust-
ment of differences by mutual concession as should
be most in accordance, in the circumstances, with
mutual right aad duty. Unhappily in his time the
enmities of the several factions were not to be so tar
controlled, either by reason or humanity, as to allow
the country to realize the prosperity and greatness
which it might have derived from his large and
equitable policy. The source of those acts of despot-
ism observable in the government of Bngland dur-
ing tho Protectorate will be found mainly in the cir-
cumstances now mentioned. Cromwell, like most
men who have risen to supremo powerwithout being
born to it, became an arbitrary ruler from the neces-
sities of his position.
"When his parliaments refused supplies the salva-
tion ot the State depended on his extorting them by
the sword. In the spring of 1655 he did not hesitate
to place many of the leading nobility and gentry
under arrest until they should find bail for tlicir
pcaceable conduct. But at that moment tho land
| was known to be covered with a network of con-
i spiraey, either royalist or republican. It was at that
1 juncture, too, that the ordinance was published
which declared every royalist worth a hundred a year
liable to pay a tenth of his income to the support of
tho Government. It was to collect, this assessment
i that the Protector's major generals were invested
with their laige powers in the districts committed to
their oversight. Cromwell intrusted this service to
men for the most part in whose discretion he had
I the greatest coundence. But where there was much
I known disaffection the burden no doubt often fell
| very grievously. Thejiope of the Protector in con-
j venins his third parliament iu the following year
I was, that supplies being thus obtained for the exi-
j gency,such 'arbitrary proceedings, so unacceptable to
thenation,'might come to an end."— Vaugltan's Rev-
olutionary Ilintoru, vol. 3, pp. 392-395.
Mr. Speaker, the people have spoken in
reply to the invitation of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. He said on the 19th March last:
"To this issue Idesire to devote the smallreinnant
of my life. I desire to make tho issue beforo the
people of my own State, and should be glad if the
issue were to extend to other States. I desire the
verdict ot tho people upon this great question."
Sir, the gentleman has received the verdict.
He has been found guilty, and the country
breathes freely and naturally once more, after
the horrors of a long and bloody war; after
ji a fierce political strife; after enduring with
j! long-suffering patience the ceaseless cry for
j; blood, vengeance, and robbery from the gentle-
1 man and his_ followers on this floor. The
black flag which they hoisted over this Capitol
must come down. Hoist the Union Jack, and
say to the ship of State: '£ Sail on, thou glorious
ship, freighted with the hopes and happiness
of-millions. The curse of piracy and outlawry
and confiscation shall not rest 011 our people.
We are free and united, and, with God's help,
will share our blessings with our brother man."'
IMMtSOXAl, EXPLANATION.
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. CIIANLEU. I intended to submit a
motion, but I yield so that the gentleman from
Wisconsin may be heard.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 rise to a question of order.
The House granted me leave to make some
remaiksof a personal nature when the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] should
be in his place.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should much prefer
the gentleman should wait till I had finished
my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The House granted unani-
mous consent to the gentleman, but that does
not permit him to take a gentleman off the
floor.
Mr. PRUYN. Will I bo entitled to the
floor when the gentleman concludes his speech ?
The SPEAKER. Jt would then naturally
revert to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who has given notice that he would niovo to
postpone this question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am permittedlo occupy
this floor by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, to whom I have given a
promise when 1 finished my remarks to move
to postpone the further consideration of this
bill to the 21st of January next.
Mr. PRUYN. Very well. I will take the
floor when the gentleman takes his seat.
confiscation again.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, it is time
the Union was restored. It is time the people
were enjoying the fruits of the victory won in
its name and on its behalf. It is time the
nation on whose account, in whose interest,
and by whose power and valor the battle was
fought should be allowed to rest, to repose, to
recuperate. The bloody and terrible war of
more than four years duration ended almost
three years ago. The hellish passions it
engendered, the vengeance it evoked should
have ended with the war. Pernicious passion,
vengeful hate, all the destructive and malignant
appliances of war are incompatible with peace.
More than two and a half years ago every
army of the confederates surrendered, and
every confederate soldier gave up his arms and
sued for peace. Since that day no war weapon
has been raised, 110 armed man has lifted his
finger against the national authority, but all,
all without exception submit themselves to the
Constitution and laws of the United States and
have or are ready to renew their allegiance to
them. These were the terms demanded from
the beginning of the war to the end; these
were the terms of surrender. Why then is not
the Union, the object of the war, restored?
Why is not the oppressive foot of the con-
queror taken off the bowed neck of the con-
quered, and the future liberty, prosperity, hap-
piness, and unity of the Republic reestablished
and assured?
Sir, in answering these questions the histo
rian, the faithful, the impartial historian, will
prefer a most fearful indictment against the
party that has had control of this Government.
It will be a record of cruel despotisms, of
wicked usurpations, of violated law, of broken
faith, of unfulfilled promises, of rights disre-
garded, of constitutions overthrown, and of
civil liberty trampled under foot—and all in
the interest of mere party.
The restoration of our country to its former
happy state has, since the war ceased, been at
all times and wholly in the hands and power
of the Republican party. It alone is respon-
sible for all that has been done and all that has
been left undone. It elected the President and
it elected the majority of Congress. It has
agreed with both the President and Congress.
Since the majority of the party began to differ
with the President it has had no defined policy
of restoration. Congress has not dared to
commit itself to any terms upon which the
confederate States may be permitted repre-
sentation.
It seems to be afraid tho terms might be
