THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28*
the laws of Congress in making these seizures.
If that is not just, I do not know what justice
is. That is all I have to say.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot consent to let
this vote be taken without stating to the Senate
how this question still presents itself to me.
It does not present itself to me in any favor-
able light but on the contrary, a very unfavor-
able one. With all the lights I have been able
to get on the subject, I do not see my way
clear to vote for this proposition. I cannot
vote for it; and for a few very simple reasons.
So far as my vote is concerned it makes very
little difference whether the Senator from Illi-
nois or the Senator from Maine is correct in
the construction of the law and the power of
the Secretary of the Treasury. It raises to my
mind a very different question. It has been
suggested here by the Senator from Illinois, it
has been suggested in various quarters, that
there were questionable transactions connected
with this cotton business; that the Secretary
had been imposed upon (and I believe that is
admitted by all) by unfaithful agents. Some
have intimated that the Secretary himself had
employed persons that he ought to have known
were not trustworthy. It has been suggested
that large sums of money were paid out for
counsel fees. In fact there is a great deal of
scandal connected with this cotton business.
That, I believe, everybody is prepared to ad-
mit. Everybody has heard of it.
Now, what is proposed to be done? Is it
proposed to have an investigation, to establish
some rule of law by which these accounts are
to be settled? Is it proposed that the money
shall be paid out under general rules of law, as
it is in collecting the internal revenue ? There
you have the salaries of your officers fixed ;
you have persons whose duties are prescribed
by law. Is it proposed to investigate this sub-
ject and establish a rule by which these ac-
counts can be adjusted ? Oris it proposed, on
the other hand, to make an appropriation of
$100,000, a jump in the dark, which, to my
mind, is an indorsement of all that has been
done ; and perhaps neither we nor the Secre-
tory can know whether it was well done. If
he has been imposed upon from the beginning
of this transaction until now he may be im-
posed upon again ; for it is certainly a very
charitable view of this question to say that he
has been imposed upon and that there have
been frauds. If he lias been imposed upon,
if he was unable to administer this trust with-
out involving the name of the country in dis-
repute inconsequence of these frauds, however
honest he may have been. I say that we should
have an investigation, and nothing more should
be paid out except upon the report of a com-
mittee, and the settlement should take place
in pursuance of fixed rules.
I am unwilling, for one, to make an appro-
priation to pay any porlion of these expenses
until this unpleasant talk is removed, until
the subject shall have been investigated, and
I know that no part of the money which 1 vote
out of the Treasury shall go to an unworthy
person, to a person who has deceived the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I tell you we have not
the evidence before us upon which to vote out
of the Treasury of the United States $100,000.
He has contracts with A, B, and C, which lie
has made because he has been induced to make
them through fraud; been imposed upon, as
his friends admit; and if we vote this money
now to pay those contracts with we ratify them ;
and hereafter we shall be estopped when we
undertake to inquire into this expenditure of
money.
I do not know how true the statement is,
but I have heard of many expenditures con-
nected with this cotton business—the employ-
ment of attorneys, the employment of special
agents, the employment of witnesses and spies
by sub-agents. I have heard of these things
for the last three years; and if this money is
to go to those unworthy persons certainly no
Senator will want to vote for it. It seems to
me every Senator who votes to pay any money
on any of these contracts about which there is
so much dispute should understand what the
contracts are.
I have undertaken to investigate one of these
cases. I offered a resolution the other day
calling for information in relation to it. I am
willing to undergo any amount of labor that
the Senate may feel disposed to impose upon
me in the investigation of these transactions,
and I will do the work, ifl can, and do it fairly.
I say it is but just to the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury that these accounts should be examined;
and we should know whether there was crimi-
nal negligence on his part in employing un-
worthy agents, or whether we had imposed
upon him so much labor that he could not
well perform it. In either case it is not proper
for him to come forward and call upon us for
an indorsement for all that has passed and an
appropriation of $100,000 in the future.
It seems to me the Senate is not prepared to
vote this appropriation. Appropriations of
this kind should go to the Committee on Ap-
propriations. It should bo investigated, and
we should know what it is. If it is to be paid
out by the Secretary it should be done by laws
covering the expenditure. The Secretary of
the Treasury does not pay out the money that
is appropriated for collecting the revenue
arbitrarily. The salary of every officer is fixed
by law. lie does not pay your district attor-
neys and your judges sums arbitrarily out of
the Treasury. Their salaries are fixed by law.
But, as regards the secret agents, the cotton
agents, the cotton brokers, and the attorneys
employed in this service, you have no law; you
have no limit; and the report is that that dis-
cretion has been abused, either willfully on the
part of the Secretary, or because he has been
imposed upon. 1 am inclined to think that he
has been imposed upon ; that wo have devolved
too much labor upon him, and that he has been
unable to perform it. But, if that be the case,
it is a reason why we should fix some machin-
ery whereby there can be some investigation
of these matters and the Secretary relieved.
Mr. HOWE. 1 want to say to my friends
who are opposing this amendment here that I
think they are mistaken about it. I com-
menced with them to help to get this money
int.o the Treasury, where it would be under
the protection of the law. We have prosecuted
the effort up to this point with considerable
diligence, and I think the country will be satis-
fied with what we have done in that direction.
I believe all the standing committees of the
Senate have been on our side and all the voters
have been on our side; but we have not been
able to get the money there yet. Now, I think
there is a fair prospect that by relinquishing
$100,000 we can get the rest in. I think, with
the experience before us, that ought to impress
itself upon the judgments of all as a very
favorable arrangement to make, and I hope
this opposition to the amendment will be aban-
doned.
I cannot quite acquiesce in the theory sot up
here that this is not a reserve of $100,000 ;
that this is an ordinary appropriation, and does
not put the money at the disposal of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I think it does clearly.
Ordinarily, when you appropriate money for
the pay of Congress, or forthe Naval Academy,
or for the officers of the Army, it does not
make any difference whether you appropriate
§1,000,000 or §25,000,000, because the salary
of every man who can draw a dollar and the
name of every man who can draw a dollar is
fixed by law, and the amount that can be paid
to him is known.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him if he does not know that in
every Department and administration of the
Government we have to appropriate every
year a contingent sum for the payment of the
incidental expenses of every one of these De-
partments ?
Mr. HOWE. Oh, yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then whydoes my friend
say the law fixes every dollar that is to be paid
to an officer?
Mr. HOWE. I did not say any such thing;
but I said when you were making appropria-
tions for the pay of Congress, appropriations
for the pay of the Array, appropriations for
the support of the Naval or Military Acad-
emy, it did not make any difference whether
you appropriated one sum or another, because
there was no discretion left to the disbursing
officers; but after we have made these spe-
cific appropriations it is ordinarily the case
that there are small appropriations made for
incidental expenses. We trust a certain sum
to the discretion of the heads of Departments,
and sometimes to the heads of bureaus. An
appropriation is made each year to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Now, here is a proposition to appropriate
$100,000 more. It stands in all_ respects, I
think, upon all fours, like an additional appro-
priation to the incidental fund under the con-
trol of that Department. True, he may employ
whom ho pleases—we do not know anything
about it; on what service he pleases—we do
not know anything about it—and pay them
such sums of money as the auditing officers
think just. I do not suppose my friend from
Vermont believes there will ever be any dis-
pute between the auditing officers of the Treas-
ury Department and the head of the Depart-
ment as to what shall be paid to one of his
attorneys. But, although I think it is the same
as leaving $100,000 in his pocket, Iinsistagain
we had better do it. It is the best arrangement
wo can make. I am very sorry to leave my
friends; I very rarely desert any cause in
which I engage, and would not now but for a
firm conviction that this is the best thing we
can do. We are told how terribly the Secre-
tary has been harassed by these suits ; and if
we do not agree to furnish him $100,000 now
for lawyers I think in a very short time he
will want $100,000 more for his physicians;
and if we do not acquiesce in that he will want
the balance for masses. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. Let me suggest to my
friend from Wisconsin, suppose we try him on
$50,000, and say that the appropriation shall
not exceed $50,000?
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, we cannot
afford to linger over this discussion any longer,
lie does not ask but $100,000 to-day. Let us
close with him at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MORGAN (when his name was called)
said: On this question I am paired with the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] who
is called away from the Senate. If he were
present he would vote "yea," and I should
vote ''nay."
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 13 :
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnekalew, Cattell, Cole, Cratrin,
Davis, Dixon Drake. Edmunds. Ferry, Fessenden,
llendneks, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
jS orton. 1 atterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle. Willey, and
\\ llhams—2'1
^ ^essrs. Chandl er.Conkling, Conness, IEotv-
i^d.^J'e.btewnrt, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Trurn-
1 \V'sor1, and \ates—13.
n S n ,■ Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Corbett, Doohftle. Fowler, irelingbuysen, Grimes,
liarian,Henderson, llowc. Johnson, Morgan,jNXortonf
i cittoibon of I\ew Hampshire, and Pomeroy—16.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMONDS. I now move to strikeout
the preamble to the joint resolution,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the preamble.
'lhe Secretary read as follows:
Whereas there is now in the hands of the Treas-
urer ol the United States, as special agent of the
treasury Department, several million dollars, the
proceeds of property captured during the rebellion,
winch money is under the control of the Secretary of
toe .treasury  nn<l as it now stands may be disposed
ot tu settling claims preferred by the alleged former
owners or said captured property without the sanc-
tion ot Congress; and whereas it is considered proper
tliat such claims should not be settled and paid with-
