4m
SUPPLEMENT TO
believe invades and infracts the constitutional
limits and powers of the department over which
he presides, and feels bound to preserve, that
he may be at equal liberty to disregard any law
of a different character and object, has no more
force than that the right of self-defense may be
extended to justify an individual in assaulting
every person he may chance to meet. • If it is
in the lawful competency of Congress to punish
the infraction of every law by pains and penal-
ties, and to deprive the courts of the United
States $f,||Mr jurisdiction over the same, Con-
gress would soon become omnipotent, the
coordination of the departments be destroyed,
and the structure and genius of our Govern-
ment be changed by the action of one depart-
ment.
It may well be questioned if the Cabinet offi-
cers who were appointed by a former Presi-
dent, and not reappointed in a second term,
either by that President or by Mr. Johnson,
his successor, were intended to be embraced by
the act of 2d March, 1867 ; if it were a matter
of doubt the accused would be entitled to the
benefit of it. Prom a careful examination of
the act, taken in connection with the avowed
purpose of it, as declared in the Senate and
House of Representatives by the committees
of conference at the time of its final passage,
my opinion is that such officers were not, nor
intended to be, included in it. Entertaining
the views I have expressed, I do not consider
that the first and eighth articles of impeach-
ment are sustained.
The act of Congress of 1795, chapter twenty-
one, provides for the filling of all vacancies by
tho President, by appointments ad interim for
a period not exceeding six months. The power
of removal or suspension necessarily carries
with it the right to fill the vacancy temporarily
on the ground of public necessity; the exigency
may exist nt any time, whether during the ses-
sion or in the recess of the Senate, and the
public interest and service may require the
promptest action by the President. The acts
of 1803 and 1867 do not, by implication, repeal
the cases provided for and covered by the act
of 1795, which embraces all cases of vacancy
from whatever cause, and authorizes ad in-
terim employments, but only such as are occa-
sioned by death, resignation, absence, or sick-
ness, leaving the vacancies occasioned by re-
moval and expiration of commission unre-
pealed.
The act of 1807, regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices, by its second section, empow-
ers the President to fill vacancies which may
happen during the recess of the Senate, by
reason of death or .resignation, and in such
cases to grant commissions, which shall expire
at the end of the next session thereafter, but
makes no provision for filling vacancics which
may occur during the session of the Senate,
leaving such to be filled under existing laws
and the usages of the department. The eighth
section of the tenure-of-oflice act declares that
whenever tho President shall, without the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, designate,
authorize, or employ any person to perform
the duties of any office, he shall notify the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, &c. This recognizes
the right of the President to make ad interim
appointments without the consent of the Sen-
ate. This class of appointments is not the
same mentioned in the third section of that
act, because he is authorized by that section
to issue commissions to expire af, the end of
the next session ; but in the eighth section it
is stated to bo a mere designation or employ-
ment of some person to perform the duties of
an office. According to usage, from the neces-
sity of the case, and the act of 1795, unrepealed
in part by the act of 1803 or the act of 1867, the
President had the power to designate General
Thomas to perform, for a brief period, the
duties of tho Department of War. To avoid
circumlocution 1 have sometimes used the
word appointment instead of designation or
employment in connection with ad interim
duties, but an appointment to office, legally
and technically, has three essential elements:
1. A nomination by the President. 2. A con-
firmation or approval by the Senate. 3. A
commission signed, sealed, and delivered to
the appointee. A concurrence of all is neces-
sary to its consummation. The designation
of a person to take possession and fulfill the
duties is but for a temporary purpose, till a
suitable successor can be fou d and his nom-
ination sent to the Senate; the public interest
may demand such a course of action.
The proceedings in this case abound with
instances of ad interim employments, directed
by all the Presidents from Mr. Adams (the
elder) to Mr. Johnson, including President
Lincoln. The designation of General Thomas
was on the 21st February, and the nomination
of Mr. Ewing was sent to the Senate on the
22d February, but in consequence of an early
adjournment, and the next day being the Sab-
bath, it was not actually received by the Senate
till Monday, the 24th of that month. But if
the President, the Attorney General, and other
Cabinet officers were mistaken in their con-
struction of the law, which I do not think, such
an error was a venial one, and cannot properly
be considered a high crime or high misde-
meanor-
But if none of the laws alluded to authorized
the ad interim, appointment of General Thomas,
yet, if Mr. Stanton's case is not covered by the
first section of the act of March 2,1867, called
the tenure-of-oflice law, the second article and
others into which it enters are not subjects of
impeachment. Mr. Stanton was appointed by
Mr. Lincoln in 1802, during the first term of
his Presidency; his term expired with Mr.
Lincoln's as definitively as if the latter had not
been reelected; he was not reappointed either
by Mr. Lincoln or by President Johnson, and
only held by courtesy and sufferance. Tho
month allowed to the Cabinet officers appointed
by Mr. Johnson and confirmed by the Senate
does not apply to officers appointed by Mr.
Lincoln, and who held no legal term under
President Johnson.
The latter, therefore, committed no misde-
meanor in designating General Thomas to per-
form the duties till a regular nomination could
be made; first, because Mr. Stanton's case is
not protected by the first section of the act of
1807, all the subsequent sections having refer-
ence to the cases only which are included in
that section, the sixth section, relating to ad in-
terim appointments, expressly declaring them
to be "contrary to the provisions of this act,"
and if not within the first section it cannot be
within the sixth; secondly, because no other
act forbids such appointments; and thirdly,
because it was in conformity to the settled prac-
tice of tho executive department since its form-
ation, acquiesced in by all the departments,
and necessary to a proper and faithful execu-
tion of the laws. In any aspect of the case the
second and third articles are not maintainable.
With the views already expressed, that the
President is not guilty of the principal charge,
which is modified and extended over other
articles, it follows that he is not punishable on
the charge for conspiring to do the acts men-
tioned in the fourth, fifth, and seventh articles,
and especially not in tho absence of all proof
of any such conspiracy.
The sixth article chargcs a conspiracy to
seize and take by force tho property of the
United States in violation of tho conspiracy
act of July, 1801. This statute does not, in my
opin'on, apply to the removal of an oflicerunder
claim of constitutional right; besides, no proof
was offered of any authority from the Pres-
ident to use force, (none was used,) and no
legitimate inference of such an intention can
be drawn under an act penal in its character
when the presumptions are favorable to the
citizen, and especially to a high public func-
tionary of the Government in the discharge of
official duty.
The ninth article, which alleges an attempt
to seduce an officer of the Army from his duty
to promote sinister purposes of the President,
appears to be wholly unsupported by proof.
The Commander-in-Chief has an undoubted
right to consult with his subordinates, to inquire
into the disposition of tho military forces, and
to express opinions ; the relation between them
precludes the presumption of an unlawful pur-
pose in making proper inquiries and communi-
cations. In such a case the charge should be
expressly proved; but there was not only no
evidence offered tending to prove it, but a laud-
able motive was proved by the Secretary of the
Navy, who suggested to the President the pro-
priety of making the investigation.
The tenth supplemental article is in refer-
ence to certain public speeches of the Presi-
dent, and charges that they are high misde-
meanors in office. These speeches were made
in a private, and not in an official capacity, and
(however injudicious some may think portions
of them, and to be regretted, 1 know of no law
which can punish Mr. Johnson with a removal
from office because they were made. As we
have "no law to punish those who may indulge
in political discussions, it cannot reasonably be
expected that the President should be removed
for exercising a privilege enjoyed by every
American citizen ; the first amendment to the
Constitution declares that Congress shall pass
no law abridging the freedom of speech or of
the press.
The eleventh article is anomalous, indefinite,
and liable to the objection of multiplicity. If
it were possible to put it in the form of an in-
dictment or of a declaration in a civil action,
it would be quashed on motion by a court of
law. The first item or paragraph is not in the
form of a charge, but is the recital of a speech
contained in the tenth article and appears to be
only introductory, or alleged as inducement to
a charge which follows, namely, that the Presi-
dent, in pursuance of said speech made in Au-
gust, 1800, attempted to prevent the execution
of the tenure-of-office act, passed on the 2d
March, 1807 ; then follows a vague allusion to
the means by which he made the said attempt, to
wit: on the 21st February, 1808, by unlawfully
devising, contriving, and attempting to devise
and contrive means to prevent li. M. Stanton
from forthwith resuming the functions of the
office of Secretary of War, which had been
peaceably and quietly resumed on the 13th Jan-
uary, 1808, about five weeks prior to the alleged
contrivances, as appears by Mr. Stanton's
affidavit to procure a warrant for General
Thomas's arrest, and also by the first article of
impeachment.
The other means are to prevent the execu-
tion of the act making appropriations for the
support of the Army, of which no proof was
offered exceptthatin relation to the ninth arti-
cle in reference to General Emory's interview
with the President. 'The last means charged
are to prevent the execution of an act to pro-
vide for the efficient government of the rebel
States, passed 2d March, 1807 ; the only evi-
dence introduced was a telegram to Governor
Parsons, dated several weeks prior to the pas-
sage of the said act alleged to be violated. This
eleventh article seems to be made up by uniting
fragments or portions of other articles ; if sep-
arately the articles in full are not sustained, the
joining together of some of their disunited parts
cannot impart to them additional strength or
vitality. There is no^&oof of any connection
between the speeches referred to and the ten-
ure-of-office act, nor between that act or any
alleged violation of it and the means and con-
trivances imputed to the President. It was
contended on the part of the prosecution that
the act of 1789, and not the Constitution, con-
ferred upon the President the power of re-
moval from office and separated that power
from that of appointment. The act of 1807
does not essay to punish a removal under the
act of 1789 unless made in the recess of the
Senate, and as Mr. Stanton's removal was dur-
ing the session of that body, the prohibition of
the act is not applicable. The act of 1789 is
general, and not confined in its operation to
the recess of the Senate or to its sessions ; its
language is, " whenever the said principal of-
ficer (the Secretary being meant) shall be re-
moved from office by the President of the
