1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M97
out first receiving the approval of Congress: There-
fore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the title of
the joint resolution was amended so as to read:
"A joint resolution requiring certain moneys
of the United States to be paid into the Treas-
ury, and for other purposes."
MESSAGE ER031 TUB HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 2G9) for the relief of
Charles Pitcher;
A bill (H. R. No. 833) forthe^llief ofRufus
M. Hollister, of Janesville, "Wisconsin;
A bill (H. R. No. 834) for the relief of
Hon. George W. Bridges, a member of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress;
A bill (H. R. No. 836) for the better regu-
lation of the custody and expenditures of the
public moneys; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 217) for the
relief of Beales & Dixou.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 108)
relating to the survey of the northern and north-
western lakes, and the bill (S. No. 302) for the
relief of the heirs of the late Major General I.
B. Richardson, deceased.
The message further announced that the
House had receded from its amendment to the
. bill (S. No. 270) for the temporary relief of
destitute people in the District of Columbia.
enrolled resolution sion1sd.
The messagealsoannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 95) authorizing the Light-
House Board to place warnings over obstruc-
tions at the entrance of harbors or in the
fair-way of bays and sounds, and for other pur-
poses; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
senator i'rom kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. As my colleague, Mr. Mc-
Creery, is now present, I move that his cre-
dentials be taken from the table, and that he
be sworn in as a member of the Senate and
admitted to his seat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will advance lo the desk and take the
usual oaths.
Mr. Thomas C. McCueery then advanced to
the desk, escorted by Mr. Davis, and the oaths
prescribed by the Constitution and the act of
July 2, 1862, were administered to him, and
he took his seat in the Senate.
military academy appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
now proceed to'the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 256) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will not urge that at the present moment.
I gave notice yesterday that I should ask the
Senate to take up the Military Academy appro-
priation bill to-day at one o'clock. I gave way
at that time, saying that I would again ask the
attention of the Senate to that bill at the close
of the measure which has just been passed
upon. It will not occupy much time.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think I had precedence
of the Senator from Maine yesterday in refer-
ence to this bill. Would it not be better to
take up the appropriation bill at an earlier hour
of the day? It must necessarily lead to acon-
siderable debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I do
not anticipate much debate upon it. It is im-
portant that these bills should be considered by
the Senate; and I have been waiting now for
some days to get an opportunity to call up this
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. What kind of an appro-
priation bill is it? I did not understand the
Senator to say what it was.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the appro-
priation bill for the support of the Military
Academy. It will not occupy much time.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw his motion?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move then
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill I have indicated—House bill No.
599.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 500) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with several amendments. The first
amendment was on page 2, line fifteen, to strike
out "sixty" and insert " fifty ;" so that the
clause will read:
For current and ordinary expenses. &5G,805.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
preceding clause the following proviso:
Provided, That the second section of the act ap-
proved April 1.3864, making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year ending
June 30,1865, is hereby repealed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
what that section is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The item under
consideration appropriates for current and
ordinary expenses $06,805, which we have
reduced to §56,805. There will be found in
the estimates the following item which goes in
to make that general sum: "Compensation
for enlisted men on extra duty as mechanics,
laborers, &c., per act approved April 1, 1864,
§10,000." It is an item of $10,000 for extra
labor. The committee were of opinion that
that was not necessary, and therefore reported
in favor of repealing that provision of the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2, line
twenty-one, to strike out the words "'increase
and expenses of," and to insert "purchase of
books for the," and in line twenty-two to strike
out "three," and insert "two;" so that the
clause will read:
For purchase of books for the library, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2, line
twenty-three, to reduce the appropriation "for
expenses of Board of Visitors" from $4,000 to
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the pre-
ceding clause the following proviso:
Provided, That the second section of the act ap-
proved August 8.184(i, makingappropriationsfor the
support of the Military Academy for tho year ending
June30,-I847, bo amended by striking out the first pro-
viso in said section, and by inserting in lieu thereof
the following: "Provided, That tho whole n umber of
Visitors each year shall not exceed seven."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps I had
better state to the Senate the effect of that
amendment. I will read the proviso proposed
to be repealed, and then the Senate will see
what it means:
" Provided, Xhatthe whole number of visitors each
year shallnot exceed tho half of tho number of States
in the Union; and that they shall bo selected alter-
nately from evciy second State, each member being a
bona fide resident citizen of the State from which lie
shall be appointed; that not less than six members
shall be taken from among officers actually serving
in tho militia; and that a second member shall not
be taken from any congressional district, until every
other district in the State shall have supplied a
member."
This amendment it will be seen reduces the
number.
Mr. JOHNSON. The whole number?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The whole num-
ber of visitors, making the number of visitors
seven instead of the number indicated by the
statute.
Mr. JOHNSON. How are they to be
selected ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not
change the manner of selection. They are to
be appointed by the President.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; but how are they
to be selected locally?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
reference to locality whatever. The President
is at liberty to select the best men, the men
best suited for the purpose. By the law as- it
now stands they are selected by localities.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, lines
forty-two and forty-three, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For materials for quarters for subaltern officers
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I do not
suppose I can arrest the passage of the "bill.
I have no such hope; but I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the condition of
things which I have x'eason to apprehend exists
at.West Point, which is not creditable to that
Academy, to the Government, or to the country.
I have not a personal knowledge of the condi-
tion of things there, and the statement which
I shall send to the Chair to be read may be
exaggerated; but nevertheless I have reason
to suppose that there is truth enough in the
statement made to arrest the attention of Con-
gress. The events of the last few years have
not impressed me very favorably in regard to
that institution. When I remember that nearly
all the officers who organized and led the con-
federate armies in the late war were educated
at that institution, were nursed and fed by this
Government, I am not very favorable to voting
supplies for that institution.
I had prepared a bill abolishing that estab-
lishment, or rather creating two or three mili-
tary schools in different sections of the country
to take its place. I had not anticipated that
this bill was coming up t.o-day, and I am not
prepared to offer such a proposition. I send
to the Secretary's desk an article which I cut
from the Chicago Tribune, which I ask to have
read.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. It will be
read if there is no objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
" MornUnt West Point.—The Chicago Tribune pub-
lishes a private letter from a graduate at West Point
■which reveals a st;itc of immorality in the Military
Academy that imperatively calls for congressional
interference. If the allegations of this letter are
supported by facts, then the Academy is an Augean
stable which needs thorough purification. The
writer s;iys:
"' At West Point there is no moral influence.'"
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of the
letter ?
The Secretary*. No date is given.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of the
paper ?
Mr. THAYER. It has been published
within two months.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
" At Vt est Point thcro is no moral influence. Wot
even the common barriers of society are there to cheek
and restrain the strong tendency toward vice. Re-
ligion there is not even a name, save to be scoffed at
and derided. The natural result of all this is im-
morality, vulgarity, profanity, and licentiousness to
a fearful degree. Much of this is checked by the
strict confinement and rigid discipline, but it bursts
forth at every opportunity, and nothing but a strong,
thorough reorganizing of tho whole course of train-
ing can ever change the moral atmosphere of W est
Point.
"Young men go there every year with good habits,
with unsullied reputations, and ere six months laave
passed they are completely debauched—their ideas
are all changed. The principles which were as dear
to them as life are broken and forgotten. Morally,
they are shipwrecked, and those who come after them
imbibe their ideasand follow their bad example, In
order to make their practice more distinctly known
to you I will begin with the time the new cadet le-
ports. He is put under tho charge of the older cadets,
who, under the protense of teaching him discipline,
