1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lie
accepted and scorns a finality. It spends its
time in angry contentions with the President,
and in devising schemes for opposing him and
deluding the people. It will be happy indeed
for the country it' while a Republican Congress
is wrangling with a liepublican President and
seeking to defeat his policy of restoration for
party ends alone the goldeu opportunity, yea
the last opportunity, for restoring the Union
and saving constitutional government shall
not have passed forever. If it does not, it will
not be owing to the wisdom, forbearance, or
generosity of this Congress. It has met every
submission of the confederates, every overture
of peace and reconciliation, with greater and
more onerous exactions. More cruel and
exorbitant demands are made whenever it is
believed they can be enforced. Its stern, un-
relenting power alone is the measure by which
their humiliation and oppressions are to be
determined. And now it is proposed by the
veteran leader of the majority, [Sir. Stevens,
of Pennsylvania.] by a bill which he introduced
in this House on the 20th day of March last, to
confiscate their property by act of Congress.
In his speech on that day he says:
"The punishment of traitors has been wholly
ignored by a treacherous Executive andbyaslug-
5ish Congress." * * * * "To tliis issue
desire to devote the small remnant of my life."
Mr. Speaker, when I listened to the venera-
ble gentleman in that speech, tottering as he
seemed on the brink of the grave, so full of
bitterness and unc-haritableness, I could but
feel that the "remnant of his days," whether
great or ''small,'' were better spent in the
exercise of that charity and forgiveness with
which alone he could expect the favor of the
final Conqueror, our divine Master.
_ In his speech he lays down this most extraor-
dinary proposition:
The laws of war authorize us to take this property
by our sovereign power; by a law now to be passed.
We have a subdued enemy in our power; wc have ail
their property and lives at our disposal."
This is the foundation idea, that " the laws
of war authorize us to take this property by our
sovereign power; by a law now to be passed."
The propriety of such a law I might answer to
the satisfaction of this House and the gentle-
man himself by a quotation from the ablest
statesman here, who, if not always, is generally
consistent with himself. The gentleman re-
ferred to, on the 11th day of December, 1866,
as reported in the Globe of that day, says:
"I do not believe that it becomes this nation; I
do not believe that it is safe for us to undertake to
pass laws by which we can or may be able to punish
men, however guilty, who could not be punished
under the law existing when the crimes were com-
mitted." * * * * "I am aware thatthe
traitors in the South, if tried under our existing Con-
stitution and laws, will not one of them be convicted."
That is from Thaddecs Stevens. What,
then, is this legal proposition that is so plain,
the principle of which is to be taken as con-
ceded, that needs no argument, that rests solely
on assertion? Jt is simply this and nothing
less: the God of battles has given us the vic-
tory over the rebellion, and ten or twelve mil-
lion human beings—our countrymen—men, j
women, and children, lie conquered at our
feet, and we have the right to dispose of them ,
as we see fit. "We have all their property
and lives at our disposal." The proposition
is most atrocious. I deny it in toto. In the
name of the Union, our common country, its
cherished memories and sacred hopes, which
the war, if not a failure on our part, has saved
undivided and unbroken, I deny it; in the
name ot our Constitution, yet living and in
force, however much ignored, scorned, and dis-
regarded, I deny it; in the name of the com- ,
mon laws of nations, those maxims of justice, i
enlightened reason, and humanity, tempered i
and softened by our Christian religion, which i
no people can disregard without national dis- j
honor, I deny it. There is no law, human or !
divine, by which "we have all their property
and lives at our disposal." If the war had
been a war for conquest and subjugation, so
declared and prosecuted against a foreign
40th Co>tg. 2d Sess.—No. 8.
nation, and it had surrendered in like manner,
no law could be found for disposal of the lives
of a whole people. Could they all be disposed
of into slavery? IIow often have we heard
the gentleman assert that there was 110 law for
slavery ? Could we by the laws of war, by the
laws of nations, or by any other law of man or
God, dispose of their lives upon the scalfold
or the block? How many men, women, and
children would the civilized nations of the
earth allow us to hang as conquered belliger-
ents before they would unite together to destroy
our power as a nation of barbarians and out-
laws ? How many lives would the tenets of
the gentleman's religion allow him to dispose
of upon the block ? Let us bring the question
to some practical test—100,000, 20,000, or
10,000 ? What number will satisfy his thirst
for blood? One half the smallest number
taken by this Government, now the war has
ended, would bring upon us the reproach, if
not the execrations of the civilized world. Yet
the gentleman tells us—
"This bill, it seems to me, can bo condemned only
by the criminals and their immediate friends, and by
that unmanly kind of men whose intellectual and
moral vigor has melted into a fluid weakness which
they mistake for mercy, and which is untempered
with a single grain of justice, andto those religionists
who mistake meanness for Christianity, and who
forget that the essence of religion is to * do unto
others what others have a light to expect from you.'
It is offensive tocertain pretentious doctors of divin-
ity who are mawkishly prating about tho 'fatted
calf, the prodigal sou, and the forgiving father.' "
Now, I do not know in the opinion of the
gentleman in which class the views I entertain
will place me, nor do I care. Every faculty
of my mind and every feeling of my heart
condemns that measure. The gentleman in
his advocacy of it ignores the Constitution,
disregards tho law of nations, perverts the laws
of war, and mars and mangles the most sacred
precepts of religion. "Do unto others what
others have a right to expect from you," he
says. When did that " become the essence
of religion?" The confederates, from their
i knowledge of the gentleman and his party,
i may have a rfght to expect the passage of this
! bill, the confiscation of all their property, and
the disposal of all their lives upon the gibbet;
but the Christian religion will not justify it.
The gentleman's friends may have the "right
1 to expect,'' from the promise which he made
at the opening of his speech, that he will devote
the " remainder of his days" to the taking of
property from the southern white man and
giving it to the southern black man. The black j
man, too, may expect it from him. But the '
Christian world will scarcely agree that it is in
accordance with the "essence of religion."
Undoubtedly the present purpose of this bill
is not so much to destroy, dispose of the lives
of those people as to reach and appropriate
, their property. Avarice, accursed avarice, that
; would feast and grow rich upon robbery and
spoliation ; that infernal greed that made mer-
chandise of the wants and woes of the soldier
and his family, that fed him on spoiled meat
and clothed him in shoddy, and robbed his wife
! and little ones of his scanty earnings while he
, was fighting the battles of the Republic, is the
I mainspring, the inspiring motive. Buttlie right
to dispose of their lives rests upon the same
authority, is as clear, and is asserted with the
same positiveness, as the right to dispose of all
their property. The same law that subjects the
property subjects the life to the disposal of the
conqueror. If the one is in our power so is
the other. If we'can dispose of the one by act
of Congress we can of the other also. The gen-
tleman says:
" The laws of war authorize us to take this prop-
erty by our sovereign power, by a law now to be
passed. We have a subdued enemy in our power;
we have all their property and lives at our disposal."
The laws of war! A new source from which
Congress is to derive sovereign powers! Where
are these laws of war, and how do they read?
If the gentleman means the laws of nations, I
insist they do not and cannot confer any such
powers upon Congress. His quotation from
Vattel relates to a case between two different
in i
nations, and refers to the ancient, not the mod-
ern rule. The same author says, page 45*1:
"Formerly in conquests* even individuals lost their
lands, and it. is not at all stransc that in the iirst
stages ot Home such custom should have prevailed."
?. * - .* „ a' present war is less terri-
ble to the subject.
In relation to civil war Vattel says, page 491;
"A sovereign having conquered tho opposite party
and reduced it to submit find sue for pcace, lie m.iy
except from the amnesty the'autbors of the troubles
and the heads of the party; may biing them to trial
ami, on conviction, puni.-h them." * * * *
•'Tho danger of committing great injustice by tho
hastily punishing those who are accounted rebels,
the tumult of discord and tho flame of a civil war
little agree with the proceedings of pure anil sacred
justice: more quiet times are to be waited for. It
will be wise in tho prince to secure his prisoners till,
having restored tranquillity, lie is in a condition of
having them tried according to the laws."
Not according to a law to bo made, but by
the law of the land as it existed when they
rebelled. The modern rule, when one nation
is^ conquered by another, is thus stated by
Wheaton, page 59(5:
"By the modern usage of nations, private property
on land is exempt from confiscation, with the excep-
tion of such as may become booty in special cases.
This exemption extends even to an absolute and
unqualified conquest of the enemy's country.''
So Justice Marshall states the law
Peters, page 80:
" It may not be unworthy of remark that it is very
unusual, even in eases of conquest, for the conqueror
to do more than to displace the sovereign and assume
dominion over the country. The modern usages of
nations which has become law would be violated ;
that sense of justice and of right which is acknowl-
edged and felt l>y the whole ci\ ilized world would be
outraged, if private property should be generally
confiscated and private rights annulled. The people
ehango their allegiance; their relation to their an-
cient sovereign is dissolved; but their relations to
each other and their rights of property remain undis-
turbed."
Thus the authorities concur, and they might
be greatly multiplied. I have 110 doubt they
contain the settled law and usage of nations at
the present time. The rules of ancient war-
fare have improved as the nations have pro-
gressed. The benign influences of the Chris-
tian religion have "been dispelling the darkness
and barbarities of the past. Indiscriminate
butcheries and sweeping confiscations cannot
I find justification in the laws and usages of
modern civilization. This bill must go back
for its precedents, if- not for its advocates, to
the days of savage cruelty and Roman bar-
barism.
But it is said that the right and power of the
Government to make these confiscations is not
now an open question; that this was settled
by the act and discussions of 1862. I am
j aware that the subject was much and ably dis-
cussed at that time. The arguments, however,
in favor of that bill failed to satisfy even Pres-
| ident- Lincoln, so that if Congress had not
; passed the joint resolution construing, qualifv-
. ing, and restricting its provisions he would have
j finally vetoed it as in violation of the Constitu-
tion. The Constitution then had not been as
now altogether ignored. That great unknown,
unexplored, boundless "outside" had not been
discovered.
Even the gentleman from Pennsylvania, now
repudiating the Union and the Constitution
: altogether in their application to the people
of the southern States, then had lucid inter-
vals, and on such occasions would recur to its
provisions. In his speech at that time advo-
1 eating confiscation, he sought for authority in
I the Constitution and claimed it was there ;
and he found, also, the appalling power in a
certain contingency to proclaim a dictator.
i He said:
"If no other means were left to save the Republic
from destruction, I believe we havo the power under
tho Constitution, and according to its express provi-
sion, to declare a dictator, without confining tho
choice to any officer of the Government. Rather
than the nation should perish, 1 would do it; rather
than see the nation dishonoied by compromise, con-
cession, and submission ; rather than sou the Union
dissevered ; rather than see one star stricken from its
banner, all other things failing, I would do it now."
And, sir, riot seeing at the moment just the
right niftn to fill the important position of dic-
tator under the Constitution, and distrusting,
