THE C0NGBESS10NAL GLOBE.
United States," the inferior officer shall have
charge of the records, books, and papers apper-
taining to the Department.
A President and Iiis Cabinet may be called
upon to examine and determine the meaning,
scope, and operation of statutes they may be
required to execute materially affecting the
powers, duties, and practice of the executive
department of the Government. Judgment is
necessarily involved in that examination and
consideration. If, after a candid and diligent
investigation and mature deliberation, the
President acts upon the conclusion thus formed,
can it be contended that for doing so he is
guilty of a high crime or misdemeanor and
punishable by removal frou office? There
must be some willful and manifest abuse of au-
thority, usurpation, or corruption in such a
case to justify a proceeding so degrading in its
character and consequences. If Congress, by
legislation of two thirds, after the exercise of
the veto by the Executive, should assume the
power of making appointments to office, irre-
spective of his right of nomination, of nego-
tiating and confirming treaties, of diminishing
his compensation during the term for which
he was elected, can it be said that he would
have no right to judge of the constitutionality
of these acts ; and, if he should refuse to re-
gard them, to be subjected to impeachment
and removal, as well as to fine add imprison-
ment, although they attempted to abstract the
essential attributes of his office and reduce the
Department to a subordinate and inferior con-
dition ? Surely such a proposition could not
be seriously advocated.
But further, suppose that Congress by its
acts should grant titles of nobility and require
the President to issue commissions to perfect
them, or pass bills of attainder or ex post facto
laws, or lay a capitation tax without reference
to the census, and devolve the execution of
the statutes upon the President; shall he be
bound, regardless of his oath to protect and de-
fend the Constitution, to execute them against
his own convictions and against the unanimous
opinion and advice of the Attorney General
and his other constitutional advisers? If in
any case the right of judgment is to be exer-
cised, no criminality can be legally imputed
for its honest exercise, though the conclusion
may be erroneous.
For these reasons, independent of those
already assigned, and from a careful consider-
ation of the evidence adduced and of the cir-
cumstances of the case, I do not think that the
first eight and the eleventh articles can be
maintained.
OPINION
OF
HON. CHARLES SUMNER.
I voted against therule of the Senate allow-
ing opinions to be filed in this proceeding, and
regretted its adoption. "With some hesitation
I now take advantage of the opportunity, if
not the invitation, which it affords. Voting
"guilty" on all the articles, I feel that there
is 110 need of explanation or apology. Such a
vote is its own best defender. But f follow the
example of others.
BATTLE WITH SLAVERY.
This is one of the last great battles with
slavery. Driven from these legislative Cham-
bers ; driven from the field of war, this mon-
strous power has found a refuge in the Ex-
ecutive Mansion, where, in utter disregard of
the Constitution and laws, it seeks to exer-
cise its ancient far-reaching sway. _ All this is
very plain. Nobody can. question it. Andrew
Johnson is the impersonation of the tyrannical
Slave Power. In him it lives again. He is the
lineal successor of John C. Calhoun and Jef-
ferson Davis. And he gathers about him the
same supporters. Original partisans of slavery
North and South; habitual compromisers of
great principles; maligners of the Declaration
of Independence; politicians without heart;
lawyers, for whom a technicality is everything,
and a promiscuous company who at every stage
of the battle have set their faces against Equal
Bights;—these are his allies. It is the old troop
of slavery, with a few recruits, ready as of old
for violence—cunning in device and heartless
in quibble. With the President at their head,
they are now entrenched in the Executive
Mansion.
Not to dislodge them is to leave this country
a prey t  one of the moat hateful tyrannies
of history. Especially is it to surrender the
Unionists of the rebel States to violence and
bloodshed. Not a month, not a week, not a
day should be lost. The safety of the Repvb-
lie requires action at once. The lives of inno-
cent men must be rescued from sacrifice.
I would not in this judgment depart from
that moderation which belongs to the occa-
sion ; but God forbid that, when called to deal
with so great an offender, I should affect a cold-
ness which I cannot feel. Slavery has been
our worst enemy, murdering our children, fill-
ing our homes with mourning, and darkening
the land with tragedy; and now it rears its
crest anew with Andrew Johnson as its repre-
sentative. Through him it assumes once more
to rule the Republic and to impose its cruel
law. The  enormity of his conduct is aggra-
vated by his barefaced treachery. He once
declared himself the Moses of the colored race.
Behold him now the Pharaoh. With such
treachery in such a cause there can be no parley.
Every sentiment, every conviction, every vow
against slavery must now be directed against
him. Pharaoh is at the bar of the Senate for
judgment.
The formal accusation is founded on certain
recent transgressions, enumerated in articles
of impeachment, but it is wrong to suppose
that this is the whole case. It is very wrong
to try this impeachment merely on these arti-
cles. It is unpardonable to higgle over words
and phrases when for more than two years the
tyrannical pretensions of this offender, now in
evidence before the Senate, as I shall show,
have been manifest in their terrible, heart-
rending consequences.
IMPEACHMENT * POLITIC-VL, *N'V> NOT .TtTl>Tni VT, Wfcjjj
CKKDTKO.
Before entering upon the consideration of
the formal accusation, instituted by the House
of Representatives of the United States in
their own name and in the name of all the
people thereof, it is important to understand
the nature of the proceeding ; and here on the
threshold we encounter the effort of the de-
fense, which has sought in eveiy way to con-
found this great constitutional trial with an
ordinai'y case at Nisi Prius and to win for
the criminal President, an Old Bailey acquittal,
where on some quibble the prisoner is allowed
to go without day. From beginning to end
this has been painfully apparent, thus de-
grading the trial and baffling justice. Point
by point has been pressed, sometimes by coun-
sel and sometimes even by Senators, leav-
ing the substantial merits untouched, as if
011 a solemn occasion like this, involving the
safety of the Republic, there could be any
other question.
'The first effort was to call the Senate, sitting
for the trial of impeachment, a court, and not
a Senate. Ordinarily names are of little con-
sequence, but it cannot be doubted that this
appellation has been made the starting-point
for those technicalities, which are so proverbial
in courts. Constantly we have been reminded
of what is called our judicial character and of
the supplementary oath we have taken, as if a
Senator were not always under oath, and as if
other things within the sphere of his duties
were not equally judicial in character. Out of
this plausible assumption has come that fine-
spun thread which lawyers know so well how
to weave.
The whole mystification disappears when we
look at our Constitution, which in no way
speaks of impeachment as judicial in charac-
ter, and in no way speaks of the Senate as a
court. On the contrary it uses positive lan-
guage, inconsistent, with this assumption and
all its pretended consequences. On this head
there can be no doubt.
,By the Constitution it is expressly provided
that " the judicial power shall be vested in one
Supreme Court and in such inferior courts as the
Congress may from time to time ordain and
establish," thus positively excluding the Senate
from any exercise of "the judicial power."
And yet this same Constitution provides that
"the Senate shall have the sole power to try
all impeachments." In the face of these plain
texts it is impossible not to conclude that in try-
ing impeachments Senators exercise a function
which is not regarded by the Constitution as
"judicial,'1 or, in other words, as subject to the
ordinary conditions of judicial power. Call it
senatorial or political, it is a power by itself
and subject to its ownT;onditions.
STor can any adverse conclusion be drawn
from the unauthorized designation of court,
which has been foisted into our proceedings.
This term is very expansive and sometimes
very insignificant. In Europe it means the
household of a prince. In Massachusetts it is
still applied to the Legislature of the State,-
which is known as the General Court. If ap-
plied to the Senate it must be interpreted by
the Constitution, and cannot be made in any
respect a source of power or a constraint.
It is difficult to understand how this term,
which plays such a part in present preten-
sions, obtained its vogue. It does not appear
in English impeachments, although there is
reason for it there, which is not found here.
From ancient times Parliament, including
both Houses, has been called a court, and the
House of Lords is known as a court of appeal.
The judgment on impeachments embraces not
merely removal from office, as under our Con-
stitution, but also punishment. And yet it
does not appear that the Lords sitting on im-
peachments are called a court. They are not
so entitled in any of the cases, from the first,
in 1030, entitled simply. "Impeachment of
Roger Mortimer, Earl of March, for Treason,"
down to the last in 180G, entitled, "Trial of
Right Honorable Henry Lord Viscount Melville
before the Lords House of Parliament in West-
minster for High Crimes and Misdemeanors
whereof he was accused in certain articles of
Impeachment." In the historic case of Lord
Bacon, we find, at the first stage, this title,
"Proceedings in Parliament against Francis
Bacon Lord Verulam," and after the impeach-
ment was presented, the simple title, "Proceed-
ings in the House of Lords." Had this sim-
plicity been followed in our proceedings, one
source of misunderstanding would have been
removed.
There is another provision of the Constitu-
tion which testifies still further, and, if possible,
more completely. It is the limitation of the
judgment in cases of impeachment, making it
political and nothing else. It is not in the
nature of punishment, but in the nature of pro-
tection to the Republic,. It is confined to re-
moval from office and disqualification; but, as
if aware that this was no punishment, the Con-
stitution further provides that this judgment
shall be no impediment to indictment, trial,
judgment, andpunishment "accordingtolaw."
Thus again is the distinction declared between
an impeachment and a proceeding "according
to law." The first, which is political, belongs
to the Senate, which is a political body ; the
latter, which is judicial, belongs to the courts,
which are judicial bodies. The Senate removes
from office ; the courts punish. I am not alone
in drawing this distinction. It is well known
to all who have studied the subject. Early in
our history it was put forth by the distinguished
Mr. Bayard of Delaware, the father of Sen-
ators, in the ease of Blount, and it is adopted
by no less an authority than our highest com-
mentator, Judge Story, who was as^ much
disposed as anybody to amplify the judicial
power. In speaking of this text, he says, that
impeachment "is not so much designed to pun-
ish the offender as to secure the State against
gross official misdemeanors; that it touches
