3546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27s
going to deny that a majority of one hundred
and fifty-five is good. A majority has spoken,
and their will must be obeyed. Let the Sena-
tors from New York, Vermont, and Indiana
beat the bill, and say to the people of Colo-
rado, " We will not have you, or let yon have
your constitution as you have adopted it."
That is the real point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I have been giving way, sup-
posing that a vote would soon be reached.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You caunot get a vote
within several hours.
Mr. YATES. I know no one who wishes
to speak except the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] and the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. JIjsnbbicks,] and I hope while this
is pending we may get rid of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I intend to speak.
Mr. IIENDHICKS. Mr. President, the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] has said that
the opposition to this bill was technical and
factious. I do not know, sir, upon what state
of facts he is authorized to make that state-
ment. His position, in my judgment, is tech-
nical, because the merits of the case are not
with him. He stands upon one single propo-
sition, that the Congress of the United States
is now bound to admit this State because the
enabling act was passed in 18U4. That is the
technical ground upon which he bases all his
argument, and that ground being taken from
under his leet he does not stand. Now, how
is it in that regard? The enabling act pro-
vided for iho selection of delegates to a con-
vention ; the delegates had their qualifications
defined; the qualifications of the voters were
defined; the time of the meeting of the con-
vention was fixed. An election of delegates
pursuant to that law was held; the convention
met; a constitution was agreed upon by the'
convention ; it was submitted to the people,
and it was condemned by the people; and
beyond that the people of Colorado have not
pretended to act under any act of Congress.
Then, I ask Senators, in what regard is the
Congress of the United States bouud by this
irregular, most irregular action subsequent to
the rejection of the constitution? How was
the contention called that framed it? By the
chairmen of the political parties of the Ter-
ritory. How were the delegates selected?
Not by ballot, not by viva voce vote; by no
election, but by such irregular mode as is
usually adopted in the selection of delegates
to a political convention. It had none of the
forms, none of the assurances of right which
generally accompany elections. Then the con-
vention, thus selected, assembled and agreed
upon a constitution and submitted it to the
people. And what number of the people of
Colorado have said that they wanted this as
their form of government? How many of the
people of Colorado have indorsed it? I under-
stand from my colleague—at one time I knew
accurately, but I do not now recollect—less
than three thousand voters have said that this
was to be the form of government and a con-
stitution for them. We are told here to-day
that there are nearly one hundred thousand
people there; and it is a matter of technical-
ity, it is a matterof faction, when any Senator
objects that three thousand men cannot decide
upon a State constitution and form of govern-
ment.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion? To save all further
remarks on that point, I desire te state that
the commiti.ce will not object to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York. They
do not see the necessity of it, but they do not
object to adopting it, and letting the constitu-
tion be submitted to the people.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very elad the
chairman of the committee has now agreed to
accept the proposition that far. It is well. If
I had to-day to vote as an independent propo-
sition upon an enabling act for this Territory
I should not vote for it, because I do not be-
lieve there are more than forty thousand people
in Colorado to-day, I do not believe there is
evidence before the Senate that there is more
than that population; and I do not think it is
technical, I do not think it is factious opposi-
tion when a Senator here refuses to give the
same political power in the legislation of this
country to forty thousand people that is given
to a million and a half in Indiana. It is not
factious when I say that a million and a half
of people in the State of Indiana are not to be
balanced in this body, where political power is
coucentrated, by forty thousand people in
Colorado. It is of substance I say to the Sen-
ator from Nevada, and he cannot get away
from the substance by any play upon the posi-
tion, political or otherwise, of any Senator.
I will tell the Senator when a majority is con-
clusive upon me as a Democrat it is when
that majority is expressed according to law.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Indiana if it is any greater hardship for
forty thousand people to be allowed to balance
Indiana in this body than it is for a million and
a half in Indiana to balance three or four mil-
lions in New York.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the original
compact.
Mr. HOWE. I know; but I am speaking of
the question of hardship, the equity to which
the Senator was addressing his remarks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question of hard-
ship and of equity is increased, the wrong is
increased as the disproportion is increased.
As between the million and a half in Indiana
and the three and a quarter millions in the
great State of New York the disproportion is
not so great as between the little number of
forty thousand in Colorado and the million
and a half in the State of Indiana.
Mr. HOWE. The difference between the
vote of Indiana and New York is greater than
the difference between the vote of Colorado
and Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; by no means.
Indiana casts three hundred thousand votes,
lhe highest vote Colorado has ever cast is but
ten thousand, and she cannot cast it to-day;
she has not cast it since the war. In 1861,
when the first current of population set into
that Territory, and it was supposed the mining
there would be easy and profitable, the popu-
lation was swollen very much, and she cast a
vote ot a little above ten thousand.
Mr. HOWE. I believe the population of
New York is about four millions.
Mr. CONKLLNG-. And the vote eight hun-
dred thousand.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly the difference be-
tween a million and a half and four millions
must be greater than between a million and a
half and any less number.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
the Senator's mathematics. What is the dif-
ference between ten thousand in Colorado and
three hundred thousand in Indiana? It is thirty
times. In the Senate of the United States ten
thousand voters in Colorado would be equal to
threeJmndred thousand in Indiana, so that one
man in Colorado woui 1 exercise in the Senate
of the United States the power of thirty men
in Indiana. As between the State of New
York and Indiana, one man in Indiana would
have the power of a little more than two in
New York.
Mr. HOWE. There is no difference between
the Senator from Indiana and myself, except
that he is talking about ratios and I am talk-
ing about population. I say there is a greater
difference between four millions and a million
and a half than there is between a million and
a half and forty thousand. I am not speaking
about proportions or ratios; and if the Senator
will stop long enough to subtract he will see
that I am right.
Mr.^ HENDRICKS. I understand tkat there
is a difference of more people between a mil-
lion and a half and four millions than there is
between forty thousand and a million and a
half: but I am speaking of the exercise of
political power. I do not think that it is tech-
nical when I question the right of one-man in
Colorado to exercise in this body a power equal
to that of thirty men in Indiana. That is of
substance.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator permit me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I ask how much Indiana is to
suffer, if the only question is the difference
between sixty thousand population now and
one hundred and twenty thousand in Colorado,
which would give her a right to a member in
Congress? Ifthe population of Colorado, sup-
posing it to be one hundred and twenty thou-
sand, wasin the State of Indiana, itwouldgive
Indiana another Representative in Congress ;
but how much is Indiana injured, and how
much is New York or Vermont, by the mere
matter of the difference between sixty thou-
sand and one hundred and twenty thousand ?
When they come to have one hundred and
^twenty thousand the proportion would be fif-
teen to one; and yet I suppose there would be
no power to keep them out then.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The practice of the
Government has recognized this proposition,
that when a Territory has a population that
entitles her to a Representative she may prop-
erly be admitted as a State. That has beeu the
usage of the Government, That'has been an
accepted habit, though departed from some-
times. It is a good rule. I do not know any
better rule. When Colorado has one hundred
and twenty thousand people she will then have
power enough in proportion to her numbers.
Quite enough; but as that has been the habit
of the Government, I do not object to it; I am
satisfied with it; but I do not want one third
of the representative basis to hare -a Repre-
sentative and two Senators. If you were to
throw all the population of Colorado to-day
into Indiana it would not give Indiana another
Representative. The entire forty thousand in
Colorado to-day put into Indiana would not
give Indiana another Representative, much
less add two Senators to her political pover.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Indiana one question. He was speaking
just now of the majority rule. I desire to in-
quire if he is in favor of the two-thirds rule?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not beeu dis-
cussing the two-thirds rule. I believe that a
majority controls in a decision ilpou a consti-
tution. That is what I am now discussing. I
do not see either the logic or the wit of the
Senator's question.
Mr. HOWE. The question now has comc
down^to this : whether the population of Colo-
rado is sufficient to warrant Congress in admit-
ting that Staco into the Union. There are no
longer any objections to be urged or suggested
on behalf of Colorado. To my thinking, when
we have the question of the admission of a
State before us there are just two questions to
be answered, first, whether the people of the
Territory desire to be admitted, and secondly,
whether we are willing to admit them.
I had, when this subject first came before us,
an honest y doubt, from the controversy which
had prevailed, upon the question as to whether
the people of Cotorado desired to be admitted ;
and 1 wished the sense of the people, as they
stand to-day, to be expressed in some form or
other. I was entirely content to take the ex:-
pression_ of their representatives, elected for
that particular purpose, and such was the pro-
vision which I moved myself, and which was
adopted by the Senate. Other Senators pre-
ferred that you should have the voice of the
people themselves spoken upon that question
directly, and now the Senator from Illinois,
who has charge of this bill, has consented to
a modification of it so that you will have the
express decision of the people upon that ques-
tion.
Now the only question left is, are you willing
to take Colorado? and there is no objection
made to her except that her population is not
adequate. Is not adequate to what? The
Senator from Indiana says that there is not
that population in Colorado which, under the
present apportionment, would entitle her to a
Representative in the lower House. That is a
