2522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
which to influence the verdict in the trial of a
cause of great importance, affecting the in-
terests of the people deeply and broadly, it is
not their duty to bring the question to an in-
vestigation ?
Mr. President, I say that the Senate should
demand that this investigation proceed., I, as
a Senator, wish to vindicate that purity to
which the honorable Senator from. Pennsyl
vania has so beautifully and so eloquently re-
ferred ; but, sir, you cannot do it by obstructing
investigation ; you cannot do it, as the Senator
from Wisconsin would do it, by saying that the
House of Representatives is severely reflecting
upon the Senate.
I do not propose to follow the Senator from
Wisconsin in his defense of Andrew Johnson,
or in his response to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts; but if 1 were the defender
and apologist of Andrew Johnson, I would not
attempt to smother investigation; I would not
reflect upon the coordinate branch of this Con-
gress because they propose to investigate these
charges. The air is full of rumors ; the public
press and the minds of the people are alive
with the charges that have been made, whether
true or false—and, sir, I am not here to say
that they are true; I am not here to say that
the palm of any man's hand has been soiled
with the thirty pieces of silver; I am not here
to say that any political ambition, any desire
for office, or any hope of future rewards has
influenced the .vote of a single individual. But
I say the atmosphere around us and all over
the country is rife with charges and rumors
of this kind, and I desire an investigation to
vindicate the purity of the Senate; that every
Senator may feel that he is free and exculpated
from these charges so detrimental to his honor
and to the standing of the Senate. In this
view I can see no impropriety whatever in the
action which has been taken by the House of
Representatives, and I would say that instead
of opposing investigation the Senate should
do everything which it can to encourage' in-
vestigation.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I have pre-
cisely the same opinion of the proceedings
of the House of Representatives, and of the
charges implied or directly brought in the res-
olution of the House which has been submitted
to us, that has been expressed by my friend
from Wisconsin. I consider the charges as
base and as baseless as he does ; but I think a
more proper mode of investigation would be
by the Senate. I think it might be proper, and
perhaps it would be proper, for the Senate to
ask the House to furnish this body with the
testimony before them for the purpose of en-
abling us to proceed with an investigation, if an
investigation is necessary, and I do not know
but that such a resolution ought to accompany
our compliance with their request. But still,
sir, I am of opinion, when I consider what the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] has said,
that the air is full, and has been for six weeks
full, not only of charges against this body but
of menaces and threats, that we ought to lay
aside all questions of dignity, and we ought to
say to the House and to everybody else : " We
are perfectly willing to furnish anything that
you may ask for which will enable you to sub-
stantiate your charges, if you have any charge
to make."
That is my opinion, and I am sorry to differ
with my friend from Wisconsin and the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania. I believe that if we
should take any other ground it might be made
use of; it might be said that we feared invest-
igation. For myself I utterly contemn and
despise this charge. I know these Senators
about me too well. Why, sir, the idea deserves
nothing but utter contempt that there is a Sen-
ator iu this body who could be influenced in
the manner intimated by the House of Repre-
sentatives. You, sir, know well, and I know
well, that there is not a man in the Senate
who could be approached in the manner which
lias been intimated. But, sir, it is rather late
for this body to put itself on its dignity after
what we have submitted to. Here, in this
very Hall, one of the managers of impeach-
ment, on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, dared to tell this Senate that the Sen-
ate dared not acquit the accused President.
One of these managers dared to say that
everlasting obloquy would pursue any Senator
who voted to acquit. He said the same before
in the House. What else have you submitted
to? Your own Secretary day after day has
heaped calumny and insult upon this body, and
you have permitted it. And now, sir, my
friend from Wisconsin will excuse me for say-
ing that it is too late for this body to stand
upon its dignity. We have been insulted ; we
have been brow-beaten ; we have allowed the
press of this country—no, sir; I will not use the
epithet which I was about to employ—we have
allowed this trial to be taken out of our hands.
We have allowed editors to come here upon
this floor to indite their insulting epistles. We
have given seats—an honor which I could not
get for the Governor of Connecticut—upoti
this floor to editors of newspapers who have
written to their papers letters insulting to the
Senate and attempting to influence the action
of the Senate. Now, I say, it is too late to
stand upon our dignity. If anybody wishes
to accuse Senators here of receiving bribes,
furnish all the evidence he may ask for; I
would give him our proceedings ; I would give
him all the papers, and let him do his worst.
Mr. HARLAN". Mr. President 
Mr. IIOWE. Will the Senator give way to
a motion to adjourn?
Mr. HARLAN. I think this resolution ought
to be acted upon. I have but one or two ob-
servations to make. I agree fully with the
Senator from California that there is no ap-
parent connection between the request made
by the House of Representatives and what
Senators suppose may be the purpose of the
House in asking for this certified record. But,
sir, if the two are to be taken together, I do
not think that they imply any censure or re-
flection upon any Senator. The resolution, if
I heard it read correctly by the Senator from
Wisconsin, states that they.have reason to be-
lieve that corrupt means have been attempted
to influence the Senate, and they deem it to
be their duty to look into it. Doubtless, if
in the progress of that inquiry the House
should ascertain that any Senatorwas improp-
erly implicated, they would notify the Senate
of that fact, just as the Senate had done here-
tofore when a member of the House had been
supposed to be guilty of an impropriety in
relation to a member of the Senate. Since I
have had the honor of a seat on this floor I re-
member that it was alleged that a member of the
House had made an assault on a member of
the Senate. The matter was investigated by
a committee of this body; the facts were ascer-
tained, showing that, m the opinion of the
Senate, this member of the House was impli-
cated in an improper act. The House was
notified, and appointed a committee to investi-
gate the matter, and the House inflicted a cer-
tain punishment.
Now, the House say that they have reason
to believe that improper means have been used
to influence the conduct of the Senate. No
one, surely, will pretend that the House is not
a competent tribunal to investigate the conduct
of civil officers of the Government, for the
Constitution has conferred on that body the
right to arraign civil officers of the Govern-
ment before the Senate. Their inquiry may be
in relation to civil officers of the Government,
and I think they name one in their resolution.
If, therefore, they should find that officers ofthis
Government have been attempting to use im-
proper or corrupt means to influence the decis-
ion of this body, it may be ground of impeach-
ment of that officer, and they may, therefore,
with great propriety proceed to investigate it
without reference to any connection it may have
with members of this body. But, as before re-
marked, if they should ascertain that some
member of this body may have been improp-
erly connected with any such transaction, itwiil
be thea time for members of the Senate to com-
plain df a discourtesy on the part of the House
if the House should proceed to attempt to in-
flict punishment on that member of the Senate.
Then, doubtless, they would report the facts to *
the Senate and the Senate would proceed to
vindicate its own honor.
Taking, therefore, the past history of the
two bodies as this history has come to my
knowledge, I cafi see no necessary reflection
on a member of the Senate in the course pur-
sued by the House if this request of theirs must '
necessarily be connected with the resolution to
which reference has been made ; but I see per-
sonally no necessary connection between the
two, and I hope that before an adjournment
shall be had the Senate will grant this courtesy
to the House and give them a certified copy of
our proceedings as they request. I ask for
the yeas and nays ou the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had laid on the table the con-
current resolution providing for a recess, and
had also laid on the table a motion to recon-
sider the same.]
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the res-
olution before us seems to me to present a
novel and somewhat complex question—the
question whether in any case or for any reason
it pertains to the House of Representatives to
investigate a matter concerning the conduct of
this body or any member of it. I do not agree
at all with the honorable Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] that there is the slightest
doubt of the connection between this order
lying upon the table and that resolution which
has been read as adopted by the House. It
seems to me there is no doubt that this resolu-
tion before us is a continuance of that proceed-
ing inaugurated by the resolution which was
read by the honorable Senator from Iowa.
Yet I think he answers fairly the objection
which arises at this point, by saying that we
are bound to suppose, if it is necessary to sup
pose iu order to acquit the House of any blame,
that the aim of this investigation is to lay the
information in the end, should it be gained,
before the Senate for its action. That answer
alone, perhaps, is sufficient to any criticism
which might here arise. Nevertheless, the
general question seems to me to remain, how
it is that the House of Representatives gets
possession, gets jurisdiction of a question like
this; and if that jurisdiction can be found at
all, I think it must be found in the direction
pointed out by the honorable Senator from
Illinois. Embracery of the jury is a term and
an offense not unknown to the common law;
and the mode of dealing with that offense is
not unknown to the usages of the common
law. Therefore, perhaps, all Senators who
are willing to take this view of the subject
may for the time being content, themselves, as
my honorable friend from Connecticut is able
to content himself, and other Senators have
declared they are content, to allow this invest-
igation to proceed.
But, sir, there is another view of the subject
which has rested for several days in my mind,
and which addresses itself to me now as the
graver and the more interesting consideration
connected with it. The land rings with accusa-
tions, with imputations upon Senators named
and unnamed, grave and polluting in their
character. I shall be glad to see some in-
vestigation, any investigation. I care not what,
for this purpose, which will give to every man
entitled to it, every man to whom it is import-
ant, his day in court to show cause for these
statements, scandalizing p,s they do not ouW
the Senate and the country, but the age I might
almost say ; and whenever the time shall eoroe
as a period in this proceeding now carried ou
by the House, or as a mere day or hour iu the
experience of this body, it will, I think, be-
hoove us to consider what, looking to the illness
u n1'11®3 a.n<^ l°°king to the privileges of
the Senate, its Constitution, and its obligations,
"©fits us to^do in regard to persons, if there
shall turn out to be such, who, without its
