114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
as he was known to distrust at that time the
martyred President Lincoln, whom he now so
eloquently eulogizes, in a moment of inspired
vision I suppose he discovers the old Demo-
cratic hero of New Orleans, and exclaims,
" Oh for six months' resurrection of the flesh
of stern old Jackson 1 " This is not the first
time in the history of this rebellion that the
Dem ocracy and its leaders have been invoked
to save the Republic. More than once the
appeal was made to the Democracy, Save us
or we sink.
But many of the worst features of this bill
were carefully avoided in that. The argument
most strongly urged and relied upon was that
it was a war measure—necessary for subduing
the rebellion, and that it was competent to use
any and all the means within the reach of the
Government for putting an end to the war. It
was scarcely contended that it was to be a per-
manent measure or be prolonged beyond the
continuation of actual war. It was to be exe-
cuted in conjunction with and in aid of the
Army, and would cease to be operative when
peace should be restored. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania took this view of the subject in
1861, and he used this language, which will be
found in the Globe of August 2:
" I say it is constitutional tmd according to the law
of nations in time of war. I admit that if you were
in a state of peace you could not confiscate the prop-
erty of any citizen. You have no right to do it in
time of peace, but in time of war you have the right
to conliscatc the property of every rebel."
The state of things upon which the main
argument in favor of confiscation in 18G1 and
1802 were predicated no longer exists. The
war is over, the rebellion is subdued, the con-
test of the sword is ended, a state of peace has
come, and, as was said by Chief Justice Chase
in opening the court at llaleigh, "the national
civil jurisdiction is fully restored." And now,
sir, in a time of profound peace, with the
courts all open and their jurisdiction fully
restored by act of Congress, it is proposed to
confiscate the properly of all that people, the
people of ten States, combatants and non-com-
batants, men, women, and children—all, indis-
criminately, are to be made by it subjects of
legal plunder; nay, to be by the act itself ac-
tually robbed and plundered of their estates,
real, personal, and mixed! No trial, no in-
quiry, no investigation, no examination to
ascertain or determine individual guilt or lia-
bility. No explanations, no exculpations,
no defenses, no mitigating circumstances, no
conditions, no qualifications, no discrimina-
tions, no adjustments! Without justice, with-
eut mercy, without sympathy, without forgive-
ness—all, en masse by the thousand, by the
million, condemned, despoiled, stripped by
one inexorable law—and that law not upon the
statute-books, not in the hands of the people,
not even as in ancient times, posted beyond
the reach of their eye-sight; no, not even yet
in existence, but hereafter to be ordained and
enacted! "By a law now to be passed." Was
there ever a proposition so terrible, so atro-
cious ! Blackstone says in his Commentaries,
volume 1, page 145:
" To bereave a man of life or by violence to confis-
cate his estate without accusation or trial, would be
so gross and notorious an act of despotism as must at
onco convey the alarm of tyranny throughout tho
whole kingdom."
Who can contemplate such acts in this free
Republic withoutalarm, withoutconsternation?
Who can support or justify such a measure
without a loss of reason ? Can any man doubt
that it is in direct and palpable violation of
that provision of the Constitution that no per-
son shall "be deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law." Is the
Congress hereafter to dispose of all the dearest
rights of American citizenship? Are its acts
henceforth to be the American " due process
of law?" Are its edicts to dispose of our
lives, our liberties, and our property ? Is it to
usurp all judicial power and condemn to death
and confiscate the property of the people by
communities, by States, by wholesale? Can
we, dare we, thus perversely and wantonly
reject the wisdom and experience of our ances-
tors and trample under foot not only our own
Constitution but the sanctified charter of both
British and American liberty ?
But that is not the only provision of the
Constitution in the way of the passage of this
bill. History admonished the fathers of the
Republic that in times of great excitement,
in times of high party feeling and passion,
revengeful and vindictive laws for the punish-
ment of acts not before deemed crimes or
deserving of punishment might be enacted. |
They anticipated these times—they anticipated
this kind of legislation, and prohibited it by
providing that "No bill of attainder or ex post
facto law shall be passed." It was contended
that the act of 1862 was not a bill of attainder ,
or ex post facto. But there can be no doubt
that this is obnoxious to both objections? This !
is a bill of attainder and ex post facto.
What is a bill of attainder? The Supreme .
Court at its last session determined this very
question in the case of Cummings vs. the State
of Missouri. It says:
" A bill of attainderis a legislative act which inflicts ;
punishment without a judicial trial. If the punish-
ment be less than death, the act is termed a bill of t
pains and penalties, Within the meaning of the i
Constitution bills of attainder include bills of pains 1
and penalties. In these cases the legislative body, ;
in addition to its legitimate functions, exercises the
powers and officc of judge." |
In this definition all must agree. It can ,■
make no difference whether the act is aimed ,
at a single individual by name or at a class or j
at all the people of a particular locality. The j
Supreme Court has also determined what is an
ex post facto law. In Fletcher vs. Peck, Chief j
Justice Marshall defines it to be— I
"A law which makes an act punishable in a man- i
nerin which it was not punishable when it was corn- ,
mittcd. Such a law"— j
said that distinguished and eminent judge— j
"may inflict penalties on the person, or may inflict .
pecuniary penalties which swell the public treasury.
Xho legislature is then prohibited from passing a law
by which a man's estate, or any part of if, shall bo
seized lor a crime which was not declared by some I
previous law to render him liable to that punish-
ment."
Says Justice Field:
"The Constitution deals with the substance, not
shadows. Its inhibition was leveled at the thing, not
the name. It intended that the rights of the citizen
should be secured against deprivation for past con-
duct by legislative enactment, however disguised."
Is there any room for doubt that this is a
bill of attainder and ex post facto? It has all
the elements, all the essentials, of both. It is
completely within the definition of the Su-
preme Court. The gentleman certainly can-
not deny it. It is recited in the preamble of
his bill "that it is due to justice that some
proper punishment should be inflicted on the
people who constituted the confederate States."
The gentleman who introduced it opened his
speech by announcing that he was "about to
discuss the question of the punishment of bel-
ligerent traitors." It is then a legislative act
inflicting punishment; punishment for an act
already committed ; punishment for past con-
duct ; punishment for crime new or additional
to that now provided for by law; punishment
of "belligerent traitors"—new crime and new
penalty, and all without trial.
Sir, if that whole people are criminals, if
they are all traitors, and it is desirable to try
tbem all for treason and punish them, the Con-
stitution empowers us to do it. It provides
the mode of trial and limits the punishment.
There must be indictment, arraignment, jury
trial "by due process of law." Then, upon
conviction and judgment, and not till then, the
punishment, the penalties and forfeitures of
treason may be imposed. There is no con-
structive treason, no implied guilt, no pre-
sumed crime. These are the safeguards, thank
God, that our fathers were considerate enough
to throw around the American citizen. These
were the sacred protections they secured for
his rights of person and property. His life,
his liberty, and his property were not left to
be the prey of caprice and passion, but were
surrounded, guarded, and secured by irrepeal-
ablc law. Trial by jury is the sacred birthright
of every citizen of the Republic. It is a right
older than the Constitution, older than the
Republic. It was not born of or created by
the Constitution, but is imbedded and secured
in it as an indispensable requisite of liberty
and free government. It cannot be stricken
down or denied in the person of the weakest
or humblest, the most deserving or the great-
est criminal, without endangering the right
itself—without jeopardizing the liberties of all.
Let it not be saia this is a plea on behalf of
traitors, of one in sympathy with treason; the
malignant resort of the black-hearted wretch
to divert the attention of those whose liberties
he imperils by a false and malicious issue upon
him who warns of danger. I will not shrink
from the issue, however or by whomsoever
maligned. That I reverence the Constitution
I cannot, I will not, deny. The wisdom and
importance of its provisions were never more
manifest than now; obedience to them all
never can be more imperative. It points the
only way out from the darkness ana dangers
that now cncompass and threaten us. Its prin-
ciples vitalized in the Government, cherished
and upheld by the people, brought us all the
prosperity and glories of the past, and afford
us the only rational hope of the future. It is
the great conservator of republican liberty,
and he who would destroy it or weaken it in
any of its provisions, or counsel or encourage
its disregard, is a malefactor, an enemy not of
his country only, but of the human race.
Mr. Speaker, it is amazing that it should
seem to be necessary or important at this day
to restate these elementary principles of our
Government. But it is in utter violation and
disregard of all these provisions, nay, even of
the Constitution itself, that these confiscations,
are to be enforced. The power to confiscate
by act of Congress, the power to establish
military governments over States, and the
power to exclude States from representation,
are all derived from the same source, and
none of them are found in the Constitution.
They rest upon that heresy original with the
gentlemau from Pennsylvania, now generally
adopted by his party, that the southern States
are out of the Union, that the war prosecuted
avowedly for the sole purpose of subduing the
rebellion and saving the Union conquered the
States and all the people of the States, and
that the Government now holds them as con-
quered provinces and the people as conquered,
subjugated people under the law of nations
and " outside of the Constitution."
This is the shrewd device, the cunning inven-
tion, by which Congress grasps and invests
itself and is to exercise ungranted and pro-
hibited powers, by which all constitutional
restraints and limitations are removed, and the
lives, liberties, and property of one third of the
Republic placed in the absolute power of Con-
gress. Never was there a theory so false to
every principle of our Government, so un-
founded in our laws, and yet so insidious and
dangerous to our liberties. It has in it all the
elements of corruption and meanness, by offer-
ing a great people and a rich and beautiful
country as lawful booty and plunder, enlists in
its support not only the greedy and mercenary
politician but all the rapacious thieves and
spoilsmen of the land. It is, it can be nothing
less than an atrocious and infamous bribe.
But what is, what can be the object? what is
gained by arguing the confederate States "out
of the Union, outside of the Constitution?"
We have just drenched the country in blood,
filled every house and hamlet with mourning,
and piled aebt and taxation upon the people
mountain high to keep them from going out
voluntarily. This was the issue, the grand, the
mighty struggle. They fought to get out, we
to keep them in. They fought to abrogate the
Constitution, we to sustain and enforce it.
They struggled to leave the Union and break
away from the restraints of the Constitution,
we met them at the threshold and drove tbem
back} sword in hand, and forced them to
