464
SUPPLEMENT TO
neither his person nor his property; but simply
divests him of his political' capacity. (Story,
Commentaries, Vol. I, sec. 808.) All this seems
to have been forgotten by certain persons on
the present trial, who, assuming that impeach-
ment was a prpceeding "according-to law,"
have treated the Senate to the technicalities
of the law, to say nothing of the law's delay.
As we'discetn the true character of impeach-
ment under our Constitution we shall be con-
strained to confess that it is a political pro-
ceeding, before a political body, with political
purposes; that it is founded on political offenses,
proper for the consideration of a political body
and subject to a political judgment only. Even
in cases of treason and bribery the judgment
is political, and nothing more. If I were to
sum up in one word the object of impeachment,
under our Constitutioit^meauiug that which it
has especially in view, and to which it is prac-
tically limited, I should say expulsion from
office. The present question is, Shall Andrew
Johnson, on the case before the Senate, be
expelled from office ?
Expulsion from office is not unknown to our
proceedings. By the Constitution a Senator
may be expelled with " the concurrence of two
thirds;" precisely as a President maybe ex-
?elled with "the concurrence of two thirds."
11 each of these cases the same exceptional
vote of two thirds is required. Do not the
two illustrate each other? From the nature
of things they are essentially similar in char-
acter, except that on the expulsion of the Pres-
ident the motion is made by the House of
Representatives at the bar of the Senate, while
on the expulsion of a Senator the motion is
made by a Senator. And how can we require
a technicality of proceeding in the one which
is rejected in the other? If the Senate is a
court, bound to judicial forms on the expul-
sion of the President, must it not be the same
on tlie expulsion of a Senator? But nobody
attributes to it any sucli strictness in the latter
case. Numerous precedents attest how, in
dealing with its own members, the Senate has
sought to do substantial justice without refer-
ence to forms. In the case of Blount, which
is the first in our history, the expulsion was on
the report of a committee, declaring him
"guilty of a high misdemeanor, entirely in-
consistent witli his public trust and duty as a
Senator." (Annals of Congress, Fifteenth
Congress, 1797, page -hi.) At least one Sen-
ator has been expelled on simple motion, even
without reference to a committee. Others have
been expelled without any formal allegations
or formal proofs.
There is another provision of the Constitu-
tion, which overrides both cases. It is this :
" each House may determine its rules of pro-
ceeding." The Senate ou the expulsion of its
own members has already done this practically
and set an example of simplicity. But it lias
the same power over its '' rules of proceeding"
ou the expulsion of the President; and there
can be no reason lor simplicity in the one ease
not equally applicable in the other. Technic-
ality is as little consonant with the one as with
the other. Each has for its object the Public
Safety. For this the Senator is expelled ; for
this also the President is expelled. Saltts
populi snprema lex. The proceedings in each
case must be in subordination to this rule.
There is one formal differer.ee, under the
Constitution, between the power to expel a
Senator and the power to expel the Presi-
dent. The power to expel a Senator is unlim-
ited in its terms. The Senate may, "with the
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member,"
nothing being said of the offense ; whereas the
President, can be expelled only "for treason,
bribery or other high crimes and misdemean-
orsA careful inquiry will show that, under
the latter words, there is such a latitude as to
leave little difference between the two cases.
This brings us to the question of impeachable
offenses.
POLITICAL Ol'FEXSES AEE IMPEACHABLE OFFKXSES.
So much depends ou the right understanding
of the character of this proceeding, that even
at the risk of protracting this discussion, I can-
not hesitate to consider this branch of the sub-
ject, although what I have already said may
render it superfluous. What are Impeachable
Offenses has been much considered in this trial
and sometimes with very little appreciation of
the question. Next to the mystification from
calling the Senate a court has been the other
mystification from not calling the transgressions
of Andrew Johnson impeachable offenses.
It is sometimes bgldly argued, that^here can
be no impeachment under the Constitution of
the United States, unless for an offense defined
and made indictable by an act of Congress ;
and, therefore, Andrew Johnson must go free,
unless it can be shown that he is such an of-
fender. But this argument mistakes the Con-
stitution and also mistakes the whole theory of
impeachment,
It mistakes the Constitution in attributing to
it any such absurd limitation. The argument
is this. Because in the Constitution of the
United States there are no commou-laW crimes,
therefore, there are no such crimes on which
an impeachment can be maintained. To this
there are two answers on the present occasion ;
first, that the District of Columbia, where the
President resides and exercises his functions,
was once a part of Maryland, where the com-
mon law prevailed; that when it came under
the jurisdiction of the United States it brought
with it the whole body of the law of Maryland,
including the common law, and that at this day
the common law of crimes is still recognized
here. But the second answer is stronger still.
By the Constitution expulsion from office is
" on impeachment for and conviction of trea-
son, bribery, or other high crimes and misde-
meanorsand this, according to another
clause of the Constitution, is " the supreme
law of the laud." Now, when a constitutional
provision can be executed, without superadded
legislation, it is absurd to suppose that such
superadded legislation is necessary. Here the
provision executes itself without any reeuact-
ment; andasforlhedcfinitionof "treason" and
"bribery" we resort to the common law, so
for the definition of "high crimes and misde-
meanors " we resort to the Parliamentary Law
Slid the instances of impeachment by which it
is illustrated. And thus clearly the whole tes-
timony of English history enters into this case
with its authoritative law. From the earliest
texl-writer on this subject (IVoodeson, Lec-
tures, Vol. IJ, p. 001,) we learn the undefined
and expansive character of these offenses; and
these instances are in point now. Thus, where
a lord chancellor has been thought to put the
great seal to an ignominious treaty; a lord ad-
miral to neglect the safeguard of the seas; an
ambassador to betray his trust; a privy coun-
cillor to propound dishonorable measures; a
confidential adviser to obtain exorbitantgrants
or incompatible employments, or where any
magistrate has attempted to subvert the funda-
mental law or introduce arbitrary power ; all
these are high crimes and misdemeanors, ac-
cording to these precedents by which our Con-
stitution must be interpreted. How completely
they cover the charges against Andrew John-
son, whether in the formal accusation or in the
long antecedent transgressions to which I shall
soon call attention as an essential part of the
case, nobody can question.
Broad as this definition may seem, it is in
harmony with the declared opinions of the best
minds that have been turned in this direction.
Of these none so great as Edmund Burke, who,
as manager on the impeachment of Warren
Hastings, excited the admiration of all by the
varied stores of knowledge and philosophy,
illumined by the rarest eloquence^ with which
he elucidated his cause. These are his words:
"It is by.this tribunal that statesmen who abuse
tlicir power are tried be lore statesmen and by states-
men, uiion lolul principles of State morality. It Vv here
that thine irho by an abuse of power have polluted the
spirit oj all laic* can never hope for the least protect ion
from any of its form■>. It is here that those who have
refused to conform themselves to the protection of law
can never hope to escape through any of its defects.''
[JJond, Speeches on Trial of Hastings, vol. 1 p. I.
The value of this testimony is not diminished
because the orator spoke as a manager. By a
professional license an advocate may state
opinions which are not his own ; but a man-
ager cannot. Representing the House of Rep-
resentatives and all the people, he speaks with
the responsibility of a judge, so that his words
may be cited hereafter. In saying this I but
follow the claim of Mr. Fox. Therefore, the
words of Burke are as authoritative as beau-
tiful.
In different but most sententious terms, Mr.
Hallam, who is so great a light in constitu-
tional history, thus exhibits the latitude of
impeachment and its comprehensive grasp:
"A minister is answerable for the justice, the hon-
estyi the utility of all measures emanating from tho
Crown, aawotlas their legality; and thus the Executive
administration is or ought to he subordinate in all great
matters of policy to the superintendence and virtual
control of the two Houses of Parliament."—Hallam,
Constitutional History, vol. 2, chap.—.
Thus, according to Hallam, even a failure in
justice, honesty and utility, as well as in legal-
ity, may be the ground of impeachment; and
the administration should in all great matters
of policy be subject to the two Houses of Par-
liament; the House of Commons to impeach
and the House of Lords to try. Here again
the case of Andrew Johnson is provided for.
Our best American lights are similar in
character, begining with the Federalist itself.
According to this authority impeachment is for
" those offenses which proceed from the mis-
conduct of public men, or, in other words, from
the abuse or violation of some public trust;
and they may with peculiar propriety bo deemed
political, as they relate to injuries done imme-
diately to society itself." (No. Go.) If ever
injuries were done immediately to society itself;
if everthere was an abuse or violation of public
trust; if ever there was misconduct of a public
man ;—all these are now before us in the case
of Andrew Johnson. The Federalist lias been
echoed ever since by all who have spoken with
knowledge and without prejudice. First came
the respected commentator, Rawle, who speci-
fies among causes of impeachment " the fond-
ness for the individual extension of power;"
"the influence of party and prejudice ;" "the
seductions of foreign States ;" the baser appe-
tite for illegitimate emolument;" and "the
involutions and varieties of vice too many and
too artful to be anticipated by positive law;"
all resulting in what the commentator says aro
" not inaptly termed political offenses." (Pago
19.) And thusltawle unites with the Federalist
in stamping upon impeachable offenses the
epithet " political." If in the present case
there has been on the paitof Andrew Johnson,
no base appetite for illegitimate emolument and
no yielding to foreign seductions, there has been
most notoriously the influence of party and pre-
judice, also to an unprecedented degree an in-
dividual extension of power, and an involution
and variety of vice impossible to be anticipated
by positive law, all of which, in gross or in detail,
is impeachable. Here it is in gross. Then
comes Story, who writing with the combined tes-
timony of English and American history before
him and moved only by a desire of truth, records
his opinion with all the original emphasis of
the Federalist. His words are like a judgment.
According to him the process of impeachment
is intended to reach " personal misconduct, or
gross neglect, or usurpation or habitual disre-
gard of the public interests in the discharge of
the duties of political office;" and the eom-
mentator.adds that it is "to be exercised over
offenses committed by public men in violation
of their public trust and duties;" that "the
offenses to which it is ordinarily applied aro
of a political character;" and that strictly
speaking "the power partakes of a political
character." (Story's Commentaries, vol. 2,
$7Iti, 76-1.) Every word here is like an tegis
for the present case. The later commentator,
Curds, is, if possible, more explicit even than
Story. According to him an ••impeachment
is not necessarily a trial for crime," " its pur-
poses lie wholly beyond the penalties of the
statute or customary law;" and this commen-
tator does not hesitate to say that it is a "pro-
