1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2523
being founded on fact, without the existence
of probable cause, or of any o.ther thing in
morals, in ethics, or in decency defending or
extenuating the engendering and patting afloat
of such accusations, has been bold enough to
do it?
Sir, the annals of this body go back, not in
the twilight of fable, or even of remote anti-
quity either, to times when the Senate reached
out its arm to a distant city and brought here
the correspondent of a newspaper who had
soiled the name and the reputation of the Sen-
ate, and punished him with degradation and
severity for what he had done. I say, without
dilating upon it, that the question may be an
interesting one when the time comes that it is
in order ; what it will belong to the Senate to
do to those who have darkened the whole air
about us with accusations which, if they be
founded upon fact or upon probable cause,
will, upon the demonstration of the foundation
upon which they stand, be able to vindicate
themselves against all comers, but accusations
which, if they turn out to be the product of the
heat, the licentiousness, the lawlessness of this
time, will call, I think, loudly upon somebody
to see to it that such steps are taken as it is
proper to take to teach to all the world that
even though a man be a member of one or the
other House of Congress he is not thereby con-
signed to a position which entitles every one
to shovel upon him all the filth which his incli-
nation may lead him to fling.
This is no new matter, sir; and I speak of
it, perhaps, with a feeling which does not come
entirely from this time or this occasion. I have
been present in the other House of Congress
when, from motives such as 1 have alluded to
and which I do not of course affirm have pre-
vailed ill this instance or appeared at all in
this case, when from motives of a malicious
character, men speaking from the outside of
the Chamber have seized upon some occasion,
some period of excitement, some streak of
venomous feeling which happened to be afloat
at the time, to strike at a particular man or
particular men, and attempt to affix to them
some stigma which should last, and that in
punishment, in resentment for something, or
to carry some collateral and distinet end. I
do not mean to say at all, let me repeat, that
I have an}' reason to suppose that to be true
in this case; but I say as one of the alternatives
here that if it shall turn out that in some or
all instances this enormous flood of imputa-
tion which has gone out has had its origin in
that sort of recklessness which is to be imputed
to every man who, without knowledge of the
truth of it., lias declared it in newspapers or
otherwise, it will present a proposition of much
more interest to me than the particular ques-
tion upon which this debate has arisen.
If there be any doubt of the jurisdiction of
the House in this case, I think it concerns the
practical profit of the occasion at least that
that doubt should be resolved in favor of the
House, that we should interpose nothing tech-
nical or otherwise until, as the Senator from
Iowa suggested, some proposition shall be made
that shows clearly an intention to attempt an
infraction of the privileges of this body. I
content myself with that for the present; but
I say again that if in the progress of this in-
vestigation the time shall come when we shall
see that these allegations have originated not
in fact, not in a disposition honestly to pursue
the truth, but on the sort of disposition which
has heretofore exposed members of both Houses
to this species of attack and aspersion, then I
shall hold myself at liberty, waiving nothing
here, to do as an original question what I think
will pertain to the dignity of this body if it is
able to lay its hands upon the man or the men
guilty of the offending.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President  
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will give
way I will move an adjournment; it is now
five o'clock.
Mr. EAMSEY. Mr. President, I will make
only a few remarks on this extraordinary pro-
ceeding
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania wishes the floor for a moment to make
an explanation, as I understand. I give way
to him to make an explanation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I have
delayed some time making the explanation I
promised when the Senator from Massachu-
setts was upon the floor. The extract which
he read from the New York World is part of
a communication from a correspondent, as has
been a number of times stated since ; that com-
munication was drawn and was published with
a special object; it was to expose the charac-
ter of the arguments which had prevailed in a
rival newspaper in regard to the proceeding
of impeachment in the Senate. That rival
newspaper had insisted that the trial of im-
peachment was not so much a judicial as a
political question, and that Senators should
take into account political interests and their
own interests in the future. Ironically a cor-
respondent publishes an article suggesting that
a certain amount, $1,000,000 apiece, should
be raised for a certain number of members of
the Senate. The trap laid for the rival news-
paper was successful; it at onco denounced
that proposition as perfectly outrageous; and
then the World,which had published this com-
munication, ''came back" upon it in return,
and it said, "Youperceivenowthe outrageous
character of your proposition that Senators
should vote with reference to political con-
siderations and their own personal interests as
members of a party. You perceive that that
is precisely of a class with a proposition to
bribe members of the Senate." This has been
so fully explained in the World, in which the
communication appeared, that I think it strange
it should have escaped the attention of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I make this
explanation as he has repeated it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator will give
way I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it that we may adjourn over to Thurs-
day.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 11, noes 16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.J There is not a quorum
voting.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky has no objection I will move that when
the Senate adjourns to day it be to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. WILLEY. I hopo not.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
question being put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope not. I trust we shall
not adjourn over. It does seem to me that
this is trifling with the public business. We
declined to adjourn over so as to give mem-
bers time to go home to see their families.
Now, sir, there is a great deal of business upon
the docket besides the bill for the admission
of Arkansas, which the Senate seems to be
opposed to pressing for action now.
Why should we adjourn over from day to
day at this period of the year, when we have
so much business pressing upon us for action
—private bills, public bills, appropriation bills,
bills demanding action; bills upon which the
country demands action? Why shall we, for
side purposes, by this kind of indirection, shirk
the responsibilities resting upon us as Senators?
Let us take up the business of the country, and
discharge our duty here as we ought to do. 1
do not know whether the other House will to-
morrow reconsider its vote laying the resolu-
tion which went over to them upon the table.
I understand that it cannot be done. There
is no necessity, then, it seems to me——
Mr. HOWE. I rise to inquire whether this
debate is in order. I understand there is no
quorum here. We are debating another ques-
tion, as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
was made by the Senator from Massachusetts,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. HOWE. But the division just before
had shown that there was not a quorum, as I
understood the Chair to say.
Mr. WILLEY. If there is no quorum I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a quorum present
now.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know whether
there is or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the Chair ascertain
by a count.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest that the point
must be> made at the time. We have gone on
with other business and it is to be presumed
that wo have a quorum.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that the pre-
sumption will overcome the record. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote on the resolu-
tion that is before us, and then adjourn.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. According
to the vote there was no quorum.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the resolution before us. That will
demonstrate whether there is a quorum.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on the
adjournment over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But that motion cannot
be entertained without a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeasand
nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I take it the yeas and nays are
ordered on the motion to adjourn, are they
not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before -the Senate on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered is the motion that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 10, nays 14; as follows:
"V HAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cole, Con-
nets, Davis, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Howe,
Nye, Patterson ot Tennessee. Stewart, Sutuner, Van
"VVinkle, Wade, and 1'ates—10.
KAYS—Messrs. Conkling, Cragin. Harlan, Hen-
derson, MeCreery, Morgan, Norton, Poraeroy, Ross,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Wilson—14.
A iiSUNT —Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Catteil,
Chandler, Oorbett, Dixon, I'erry, Fesnenden, Fow-
ler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey,
Sherman, Thayer, Vickers, and Williams—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There are a good many *
speeches to be made on this matter, and I
think time will be saved by an adjournment. I
may want to make a speech myself. I move,
therefore, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not until we vote
on this subject.
The Senate refused to adjourn—ayes ten,
noes not counted.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the resolution before the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I intend to
make a very few remarks on the subject now
before the Senate. I understand it to be a
parliamentary law that when anything happens,
directly relating to a member of one of the
Houses, and which affects in any manner the
other House, and the other House is in posses-
sion of the information, it is the duty of the
House that has the information on the subject,
and that intends to make complaint of it,
simply to communicate the information to the
House of which the member complained of is a
member, and let the House of which he is a
member take what course it may please on the
subject.
I understand this to be the strict parliamentary
law in relation to the matter. The House ot
Representatives have preferred articles of im-
peachment, against the President:
those articles
