2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May; 18,
have been under trial before the Senate sitting
as a court of impeachment; it appears that
members of the House and managers of the
impeachment have been furnished with some
information the tendency of which would be to
establish improper approaches to some of the
members of the court, and it appears that the
House is now engaged in the matter of investi-
gating that imputation. The question is, what
is the duty of the House in relation to this mat-
ter, and what is the present duty of the Senate
in relation to it? We cannot consider theres-
olution for the information asked for apart from
the preamble and resolution which have been
read in the Senate this evening. They both
necessarily have to be considered together, and
they establish this proposition: thatthe House
is now engaged in investigating imputations of
improper conduct on the part of members of
the Senate sitting as a court of impeachment
for the trial of the President, and the House
asks of the Senate extracts from its record, the
obvious tendency of which is to assist them in
the prosecution of the allegation of improper
approaches to members of the court. If that
be the matterfor the consideration of the Sen-
ate, in iny opinion the Senate ought to with-
hold the information. It is the duty of the
House, according to the courtesies that sub-
sist between the two bodies, according to par-
liamentary law, if the House is in possession
of any information that tends to inculpate any
members of the Senate sitting as a court of
impeachment, to communicate that information
to the Senate and leave the Senate to act on
the communication as it may think proper.
Now, sir, under that operation of what 1 con-
sider to be the parliamentary law and the cour-
tesies existing between the two Houses, the
Senate ought not to proceed to take any notice
whateverof the resolution except to lay itupon
the table until they receive a communica-
tion from the House informing them of such
information as they may have in relation to the
charges imputed to members of the Senate.
It resolves itself into this question : the
House of Representatives are engaged in an
inquiry of charges affecting the proper conduct
of members of the Senate sitting as a court of
impeachment; it is prosecuting that inquiry
before one of its committees ; and it asks for
extracts from the records of the Senate sitting
as a court of impeachment, to enable it to pros-
ecute that inquiry. Is it consistent with the
rights and the dignity of the Senate that it
should sit still, and notonlypermitthisinvesti-
gation of the House of Representatives in rela-
tion to the conduct of its members to continue,
t but also give facilities to the members of the
House who are engaged in the prosecution of
that inquiry ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Will the Senator per-
mit me to call his attention to one point ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEYV. The House of Kepre-
. sentatives are not asking any assistance from
the Senate in prosecuting an inquiry about the
proceedings of >an outsider, of the President,
or of a presidental agent, or anybody else.
Tliey are asking for a record which contains
only the proceedings of Senators themselves.
They are taking our own record, which shows
nothing but the proceedings of the Senate
itself.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Clerk to read the
' resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the chair.) The resolution will be
again read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of the
House of Representatives, as follows :
Resolved, That the Senate aro hereby requested to
direct that a certified copy of the proceedings for the
last two days of the impeachment of the President
of the United States be sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am consid-
ering that resolution in connection with the
preamble to the resolution of the House which
was read by the Senator from.Wisconsin. The
subjects are so intimately connected that their
consideration, in my judgment, cannot be
separated. They must be considered together,
and I am considering them together. It seems
to me that the plain purpose of the House, and
the information of the Senate in relation to its
proceedings, as published in the newspapers, is,
that they are engaged now in investigating cer-
tain charges against members of the Senate.
They have no right to enter upon a y sucli
inquiry. If any information comes to the House
touching the misconduct of any Senator in re-
lation to the matter of impeachment, as I said
before, the parliamentary law and the rule of
courtesy between the two Houses would require
and demand of the House simply to communi-
cate the information it had upon the subject to
the Senate, and to leave the Senate to its own
action in relation to it.
The idea that has been suggested by some
Senators, and, if I mistake not, by my honor-
able friend from New York, [Mr. Conkhxg,]
that there are newspaper chai-ges and imputa-
tions against members of the Senate that ought
to bo investigated, in my judgment deserves no
sort of consideration. If every newspaper in
America was freighted with charges of that
kind against members of the Senate I should
be for folding my arms and treating them with
silent contempt. But when the House of
Representatives takes up a matter of that kind
and commences an investigation of it, it as-
sumes more of consequence, and probably a
form that deserves the attention of the Senate.
The matter has been communicated to the Sen-
ate by that simple resolution which has been
sent to us ; but we cannot shut our eyes and
minds to the fact that that resolution is con-
nected intimately with the inquiry that is now
being prosecuted before a committee of the
House, under the authority and order of the
House, in relation to the proper conduct of
members of the Senate, and in my judgment
the Senate ought to give no countenance, no
facility whatever, to the further prosecution of
that investigation; oil the contrary, I believe
they ought to enter up a resolution of remon-
strance against any such inquiry by the House
being prosecuted in relation to members of the
Senate, connected with another resolution re-
questing them if they have any information
calculated to inculpate members of the Senate
to communicate it to the Senate itself.
Now, I will make a single remark in relation
to the denunciation of the President of the
United States by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. The Senator from Massachusetts is a
member of the court of impeachment. The
President of the United States is under trial
before that court, and is presumed bylaw and
by reason to be innocent until his guilt is estab-
lished by proof. It was proposed, when the
Constitution was formed, that the court of im-
peachment should not be the Senate, but should
be the Supreme Court. Suppose thathad been
the provision of the Constitution, and the Su-
preme Court were now sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of the President of
the United States, and the Chief Justice had
made su eh expressions as to his guilt and had de-
nounced him in the terms in which the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, a member of this
court of impeachment, has denounced the Presi-
dent of the United States, I ask the Senate if
the country, the Senate itself, the world, would
have tolerated for a moment any such indecent
and outrageous conduct on the part of the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, that body
sitting as a court of impeachment for the trial
of the President? No,sir; instead of its being
tolerated for a moment the voice of the Senate
and the land, so far as it was upright and hon-
est, would have demanded the instant impeach-
ment of the Chief Justice of that court for the
expression of such an opinion in relation to
the case of a party charged upon articles of
impeachment that were under trial. If a
member of a court could ever merit impeach-
ment and the condemnation and scorn of the
world, it would be the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court so acting and so expressing
himself.
I can myself see no difference between what
would have .been the culpable and execrable
conduct of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court in the case which 1 have supposed and
the course and condemnations and denuncia-
tions of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
believe that for that conduct that Senator
deserves richly, and ought to receive, the sen-
tence of expulsion from the Senate of the
United States. Certainly, if the Chief Justice
who has been presiding over this trial with so
much dignity and impartiality had been the
chief presiding officer of the Supreme Court
under the proposition to make that court the
court of impeachment, and he had expressed
himself in the very terms in which the Senator
from Massachusetts has expressed himself as
a member of the Senate, I would feel myself
bound, if he were impeached by the House of
Representatives, to depose him from the high
position which he had so thoroughly degraded
and disgraced.
Now, Mr. President, I think that the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives ought to
be laid on the table. If the House, as the im-
peachers of the President of the United States,
or if the managers of that impeachment, or
any members of the House have such informa-
tion in relation to any members of the Senate
as would inculpate them in regard to their con-
duct as members at the court of impeachment,
it is the duty, it is the courtesy, it is the uni-
versal custom between the different Houses of
all legislative bodies, that the House that has
in its possession the information, and feels it-
self deeply grieved, should only communicate
to the other the information with the names
of the guilty parties, and leave the other House
to its own rightful and perfectly free judgment
to act as it pleases in the premises. I think
the Senate ought to take that course now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall propose the
following resolution 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This ques-
tion being before the Senate, no other resolu-
tion is in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose this as an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it first, and
see whether it is or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read it myself:
"Whereas tlie House of Representatives, by a reso-
lution passed on Saturday last, have recited the
iollowing preamble, to wit:
"Whereas information has come to the managers
which seems to them to furnish probable e,it;?e to
believe that improper or corrupt means have been
used to influence the determination of the Senate
upon the articles of impeachment exhibited to the
Senate by the House of Representatives aarainst
the President of the United States: Therefore."
Jte^olved, That the House of Representatives be
requested to furnish the Senate any information
which has come to the said House or the managers
thereof, tending to show that improper or corrupt
means have been used to influence the determina-
tion of the Senate on said impeachment, that the
Senate may take proper order thereon in the prem-
ises.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin how the Senate
knows that any such preamble has been adopted
by the Hou«e of Representatives?
Mr. DOOLIT TLB. "1 have read n from the
published proceedings of the Hou^e of Repre-
sentatives in the Globe to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I hare understood from Sen-
ators, upon inquiry this afternoon 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin vield ilie floor?
Mr. DOOLirTLE. I had not yielded ; but.
if the Senator desires to ask a question I will
do so.
Mr. DRAKE. I was simply desiring to
make an inquiry of the honorable Senator
from W isconsin. I asked the question of' some
Senators here this afternoon whether it v  ->
not customary and proper for each Ho'iv to
take cognizance officially of the .proceedings
of the other House as published in the official
organ of both Rouse*, the iJM.p, and 1 was
answered that it was not. If that is correct,
about which I defer with great respect to the
