3548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
June 27,
to the Senator that I believe—because I have
seen the population moving westward—-that
since the war and since these disturbances
have terminated population has been pouring
into these Territories as fast as it originally did
into the Territories of Ohio and Illinois. And
now that the railroads are about to be com-
pleted, and these Territories are made access-
ible, in a very few years, beyond any contro-
versy whatever, Colorado will be one of the
most populous of the western States. There
can be no question about that.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we all know
as a general fact that the mining portion of the
country consists mostly of sterile mountains,
that its real wealth is the mineral that is
embosomed under the surface of the mountains.
If it was not for the mines that are found in
Colorado, Nevada, and Arizona there would
have been comparatively no immigration there.
The allurements, the inducements to immigra-
tion there are the metals that are found in
those countries. We know that there is a
traveling host of laborers who dig for metal.
Tliey go from one diggings, or one gulch, or
one lode, to another ; that those laborers are
unsettled ; they move about as in the olden
country the men who tend flocks and herds
move about for new and better pasturage. Ill
relation to countries that are purely agricul-
tural, from the possession of a rich and fertile
soil and a salubrious climate, the fact is totally
different. Who doubted the rapid and teeming
population to which Ohio and Indiana and
Illinois and the other northwestern States
would attain very rapidly after they were
admitted as States into the Union? Nobody
could; and the event more than verified the
prediction, because there was a growth of
population, of resources, and wealth in those
States that greatly surpassed any imagination.
Not so with those mining States ; there popu-
lation is developed only by the development
of their mineral wealth, and there is such a
vast expanse of mineral country, so many
points spread over the whole of the western
continent where there are mining operations
that are remunerative, that it is impossible for
great populations to aggregate suddenly in any
particular locality; they are spread over hun-
dreds of thousands and millions of square
miles. That is the reason why the population
of these new States and Territories has been
so slow in its increase. The statistics of votes
read by the honorable Senator from New York
illustrate the position. In 1804 the vote in
Colorado was larger than it was in 1867. There
was a gradual and progressive decrease from
1864 to to I860, and lo 1867 ; and in 1867
the aggregate vote amounted to only between
five and six thousand, if I recollect his figures ;
and I once was familiar with them myself, and
I believe they are about the truth of the case.
The inequality of representation of the States
in the Senate was an original, inherent, and
necessary objection to our system of govern-
ment. It could not be framed upon equality
of representation in the Senate according to
population among the States. The little States
rejected that principle wholly, and it was with
difficulty that they could be brought in the
formation of the Constitution to a proportion
of representation in the House of Representa-
tives according to numbers; and the only argu-
ment and consideration that brought them to
accept that principle was that they should
have an equality of representation in the Sen-
ate, no State having a less representation than
two members of the Senate. Then there was
an imperative necessity for adopting that rule
of equality. It was impracticable, impossible
to frame a union and a constitution of govern-
ment upon a different principle. But now the
slate of the case is totally different. The new
States come and ask to be admitted as States
into the Union; and it is statesmanship and
justice both for Congress before they admit
new States into the Union to look to their
populations, and to look to their relative polit-
ical power when they are admitted as States
into the Union, to the power of the old States, i
and especially of the large States. It is phi-
losophy, it is justice, it is common sense to
take that view of the subject.
Does not every Senator know, does not every
intelligent man in the United States know,
that it is a deep cause of dissatisfaction that
New England 'should have six times as much
political weight in the Senate as the State of
New York, when the aggregate population of
the State? of New England is about eight hun-
dred thousand less than the population of the
State of New York? That is not justice. It
is not right, abstractly; but it is a condition
of things that circumstances force upon the
American people; but the necessity and the
force that established that state of tilings then
does not exist now in relation to the new States.
Why, sir, when you provided for admitting
these three new States into the Union, you
gave them three times as much weight in the
Senate of the United States as the great State
of New York had. Was that statesmanship ?
Was it justice? Was it not a great wrong?
Sir, this inequality in relation to the original
States must exist; the same necessity that
forced it upon the acceptance of the people at
the beginning will continue it; but that, instead
of being a reason for accumulating this ine-
quality and injustice, to my mind furnishes a
forcible argument why it should not be extended
further.
Mr. President, I have no idea that there are
fifty thousand people in Colorado to-day. I
have inquired among gentlemen who come
from that region of the United States, and I
am informed by intelligent men who have made
inquiry into the matter that the population of
Colorado is between forty and fifty thousand ;
that the population of Montana is between
fifty and sixty thousand. Now, let me p:it a
case. Montana has a Delegate in the other
House, and that Delegate has introduced an
enabling bill that, she shall be allowed to form
a constitution, with a view to admission into
the Union as a State. He tells me that he has
not been able to turn a wheel in that House in
favor of his bill. I have no doubt myself, from
all the information I have, and which 1 deem
reliable, that Montana has a larger population
than Colorado. How is it, then, that Colorado
shall be brought, irregularly, against the de-
cision of the people, with a small, ■ if not a
smaller population, as a State into the Union,
and Montana cannot advance one step in that
direction ?
Mr. President, here is the fact in relation to
this Territory of Colorado, as the Senator from
Indiana expressed it, in a few lueid words:
her people called a convention under the en-
abling act of 1864 ; that convention framed a
constitution within the time to which the peo-
ple had been limited and restricted by the
terms of the enabling act; and that constitu-
tion. when formed, was submitted to the people
of Colorado, and a majority of them voted to
reject it and not to become a State in the Union.
As he stated, the leading men in the Territory
who want to be Senators and Representatives
in the Congress of the United States, and who
wish to be marshals and district attorneys, aud
to fill all the offices of a new State, get together,
and they give the impulse to the people inform-
ally to vole upon the same constitution. I
believe they, did vote on the same constitution
that had been previously rejected. An informal
and illegal election is held without authority
of law. I maintain that the enabling act was
exhausted when the people rejected the con-
stitution that had been prepared aud submitted
to them under its provisions. The law became
a dead letter then, and before they could legiti-
mately or properly proceed to the formation of
another constitution, or to the adoption of that
one, they should have had another enabling
act; but they did not choose to submit them-
selves to that regular mode. They got together
informally. All stayed away who chose. There
was no legality or binding effect in the move-
ment. Men did not know that it was to be
obligatory upon them. They did notknowthat
if they stayed away from the election arid
declined to vote on the adoption of that con-
stitution it could be forced upon them, because
they saw that it was a proceeding without
authority, without the sanction of the law of
Congress. They stayed away, many ol them.
The diminished vote proves it from the time
the constitution had been previously submitted
to the people. There were no officers of law,
responsible to law and to punishment for con-
ducting that election unjustly, irregularly, not
according to the law. There was no law to
regulate it. The election had no legal sanc-
tions at all; and I maintain that under that
irregular, informal, and unconstitutional mode
of cominginto the Union there is no obligation
whatever upon theSenate at this time to admit
Colorado as a State.
Mr. President, if gentlemen want to deal
justly by these Territories, I have laid upon
the Clerk's table an amendment in the form
of a substitute That substitute is an enabling
act, authorizing the people, both of Montana
and of Colorado, to form constitutions as pre-
liminary to their admission into the Union as
States. I ask the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois if Montana has not as much population as
Colorado? The bill, as rrow modified with the
consent of the honorable Senator, amounts
only to an enabling act. I have taken up the
original enabling act of Colorado, and I have
taken the enabling act for Montana that has
been presented by her Delegate in the House
of Representatives, but which he has never
been able to move there, and I have combined
them into one enabling act, to permit both of
these Territories to go fairly, legitimately,
according to practice and precedent, before the
people of their respective Territories, and sub-
mit distinctly and expressly the proposition to
the people of both of these Territories to vote
for and against becoming States in the Union.
There cannot be any objection to the enabling
act I offer as it relates to Colorado, because I
have adopted it literally as it passed in 1864.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator how he will obviate this objection
to his proposition: how does he know that
there is a sufficient population in Montana to
justify the formation'of a State government?
There has been no census taken, and the former
practice was to take a census before the en-
abling act was passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer my honorable
friend thus: I do not know, and I do not be-
lieve there is sufficient population in either of
these Territories to admit them as a State into
the Union. I believe that no Territory ought
to come into the Union as a State with a less
population than the ratio that entitles a State
m the Union to a Representative. I am as
well satisfied in relation to Montana as I am
in relation to Colorado, that there is a larger
population in Montana than there is in Colo-
rado. My principle, which I have always ad-
vocated, would be to exclude them both until
both should come here with a population en-
titling them to a Representative according to
the ratio of representation. I believe that is
the true principle ; and when we connect with
that principle the other, that all States are to
have an equal representation of two in the
Senate, how unjust, numerically, it, will be to
the old and populous and large States. That
Territories, as the honorable Senator from
Vermont said si few days ago, that have not
yet put off their swaddling clothes, should be
putting on their father's hats and pantaloons
and stalking into the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives as States, is grotesque and ridicu-
lous. If that was the least objection lo it I
would not make it at all: but it is flagrant
and outrageous injustice to the old and larger
States.
But, Mr. President, I suppose it will be
done. The honorable Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye.] fn his usual eloquent and impress-
ive style, referred^ to that great necessity of
State and of putting down rebellion and pre-
serving the Government that forced the en-
abling act to admit_ these three Territories as
States into the Union. No such necessity as
