m
SUPPLEMENT TO
anything in favor of Liberty." (Blackstone's
Commentaries, vol. 2, p. 94.) Bat Liberty
and all else are contained in the Public Safety;
they depend on the rescue of the country from
a presidential usurper. Therefore, should we
now, in the name of the law, "catch at any-
thing" to save the Republic.
(2:) There'is another rule of evidence, which,
though of common acceptance in the courts,
has peculiar value in this case, where it must
exercise a decisive influence. It is this:
Courts will take judicial cognizance of certain
matters, without any special proof on the trial.
Some of these are of general knowledge and
others are within the special knowledge of the
court. Among these, according to express decis-
ion, are the frame of Government and the public
officers administering it; the accession of the
Chief Executive; the sittingof Congress and its
usual course of proceeding ; the usual course
of travel; the ebbs and flows of the tide ; also
whatever ought to be generally known within
the limits of the jurisdiction, including the
history of the country. Besides these matters
of general knowledge a court will take notice
of its own records, the conduct of its own offi-
cers, and whatever passes in its own presence or
under its own eyes. For all this I cite no au-
thority ; it is superfluous. I add a single illus-
tration from the great English commentator:
",If a contempt be committed in the face of
the court, the offender may be instantly appre-
hended and imprisoned, at the discretion of
the judges, without any further proof or exam-
ination." (Blackstone's Commentaries, vol.
4, p. 286.)
If this be the rule of courts, a fortiori, it
must be the rule of the Senate on impeach-
ments; for we have already seen that, when
sitting for this purpose, the Senate enjoys a
latitude of its own. Its object is the Public
Safety, and, therefore, no aid for the arrival
at truth can be rejected. No gate can bo
closed. But here is a gate opened by the sages
of the law and standing open always, to the
end that justice may not fail.
Applying this rule to the present proceed-
ing, it will be seen at once how it brings be-
fore the Senate, without any further evidence,
a long catalogue of crime, affecting the char-
acter of the President beyond all possibility of
defense, and serving to explain the latter acts
on which the impeachment is founded. It was
in this Chamber, in the face of the Senate and
the ministers of Foreign Powers, and sur-
rounded by the gaze of thronged galleries,
that Andrew Johnson exhibited himself in
beastly intoxication while he took his oath of
office as Vice President; and all that lie has
done since is of record here. Much of it ap-
pears on our Journals. The rest is in authen-
tic documents published by the order of the
Senate. Never was a record more complete.
Here in the Senate we know officially how he
has made himself the attorney of slavery—the
usurper of legislative power—the violator of
law—the patron of rebels—the helping hand of
rebellion—the kicker from office of good citi-
zens—the open bung-hole of the Treasury—
the architect of the "whisky ring"—the stum-
bling-block to all good laws by wanton vetoes
and then by criminal hinderances; all these
things are known here beyond question. To the
apologists of the President who set up the quib-
bling objection that they are not alleged in the
articles of impeachment, I reply, that, even if
excluded on this account from judgment, they
may be treated as evidence. They are the res-
ervoir from which to draw in determining the
true character of the latter acts for which the
President is arraigned, and especially the intent
by which he was animated. If these latter
acts were alone, without connection with the
transgressions of the past, they would have
remained unnoticed. Impeachment would not
have been ordered. It is because they are a
prolongation of that wickedness under which
the country has so long suffered, and spring
from the same bloody fountain, that they are j
now presented for judgment. They are not j
alone; nor can they be faithfully considered 1
without drawing upon the past. The story of
the God Thor in Scandinavian mythology is
revived, whose drinking-horn could not be
drained by the strongest quaffer, for it com-
municated with the vast and inexhaustible
ocean. Andrew Johnson is our God Thor,
and these latter acts for which he stands im-
peached are the drinking-horn whose depths
are unfathomable.
OUTLINE OF TRANSGRESSIONS OF ANDREW JOHNSON.
Prom this review of the character of this pro-
ceeding, showing how it is political in charac-
ter—before a political body—and with apolit-
ical judgment, being expulsion from office and
nothing more; then how the transgressions of
the President, in their protracted line, are em-
braced under " impeachable offenses;" then
how the form of procedure is liberated from
the ordinary technicalities of the law ; and
lastly how unquestionable rules of evidence
open the gates to overwhelming testimony, I
pass now to the consideration of this over-
whelming testimony and how the present im-
peachment became a necessity. I have already
called it one of the last great battles with
Slavery. See now how the battle began.
Slavery in all its pretensions is a defiance
of law ; for it can have no law in its support.
Whoso becomes its representative must act
accordingly ; and this is the transcendent crime
of Andrew Johnson. For the sake of Slavery
and to uphold its original supporters in their
endeavors to continue this wrong under another
name, he has set at defiance the Constitution
and laws of the land, and he has accom-
panied this unquestionable usurpation by bru-
talities and indecencies in office without pre-
cedent, unless wo go back to the Roman em-
peror fiddling, or the French monarch dancing
among his minions. This usurpation with its
brutalities and indecencies became manifest as
long ago as the winter of 18GB, when, being
President, and bound by his oath of office to
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
and to take care that the laws are faithfully
executed, he took to himself legislative powers
in the reconstruction of the rebel States, and,
in carrying forward this usurpatipn, nullified
an act of Congress, intended as the corner-
stone of reconstruction, by virtue of which
rebels are excluded from office under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and thereafter,
in vindication of this misconduct, uttered a
scandalous speech in which lie openly charged
members of Congress with being assassins, and
mentioned some by name. Plainly he should
have been impeached and expelled at that early
day. The case against him was complete. That
great patriot of English history, Lord Somers,
has likened impeachment to Goliath's sword
hanging in the temple to be taken down only
when occasion required ; but if ever there was
an occasion for its promptest vengeance it was
then. Had there been no failure at that time
we should be now nearer by two years to res-
toration of all kinds, whether political or finan-
cial. So strong is my conviction of the fatal
remissness of the House, that 1 think the Sen-
ate would do a duty in strict harmony with its
constitutional place in the Government, and
the analogies of judicial tribunals so often ad-
duced, if it reprimanded the House of Repre-
sentatives for this delay. Of course the Senate
could not originate an impeachment. It could
not take down the sword of Goliath. It must
wait on the House, as the court waits on the
Grand Jury. But this waiting has cost the
country more than can be told.
Meanwhile the President proceeded in his
transgressions. There is nothing of usurpa-
tion which he has not attempted. Beginning
with an assumption of all power in the rebel
States, he has shrunk from nothing in the
maintenance of this unparalleled assumption.
This is a plain statement of fact. Timid at
first he grew bolder and bolder. He saw too
well that his attempt to substitute himself for
Congress in the work of reconstruction was
sheer usurpation, and, therefore, by his Secre-
tary of State, did not hesitate to announce that
"it must be distinctly understood that the res-
toration will be subject to the decision of Con-
gress." On two separate occasions, in July
and September, 1865, he confessed the power
of Congress over the subject; but when Con-
gress came together in December, this con-
lesser of congressional power found that he
alone had this great prerogative. According to
his new-fanglea theory, Congress had nothing
to do but admit the States with the govern-
ments which had been instituted through his
will alone. It is difficult to measure the vast-
ness of this usurpation, involving as it did a
general nullification. Strafford was not bolder,
when, speaking for Charles I, he boasted that
"the little finger of prerogative was heavier
than the loins of the law;" but these words
helped the pioud minister to the scaffold. No
mouarph, no despot, no Sultan, could claim
more than an American President; for he
claimed all. By his edict alone governments
were organized, taxes were levied, and even the
franchises of the citizen were determined.
Had this assumption of power been in-
cidental, for the exigency of the moment, as
under the pressure of war, and especially to
serve the cause of Human Rights to which be-
fore his elevation the President had professed
such loud-mouthed devotion, it might have
been pardoned. It would have passed into the
chapter of unauthorized acts which a patriot
people had condoned. But it was the oppo-
site in every particular. Beginning and con-
tinuing in usurpation, it was hateful beyond
pardon, because it sacrificed the rights of
Unionists, white and black, and was in the in-
terest of the rebellion and of those very rebels
who had been in arms against their country.
More than one person was appointed Pro-
visional Governor, who could not take the
oath of office required by act of Congress.
Other persons in the same predicament, were
appointed in the revenue service. The effect
of these appointments was disastrous. They
were in the nature of notice to rebels every-
where, that participation in the rebellion was
no bar to office. If otic of their number could
be appointed Governor, if another could be
appointed to a confidential position in the
Treasury Department, then there was nobody
on the long list of blood who might not look
for preferment. And thus all offices, from
Governor to constable, were handed over to a
disloyal scramble. Rebels crawled forth from
their retreats. Men who had hardly ventured
to expect their lives were now candidates for
office, and the Rebellion became strong again.
The change was felt in all the gradations of
government, whetherin States, counties, towns,
or villages. Rebels found themselves in places
of trust, while the true-hearted Unionists, who
had watched for the coming of our flag and
ought to have enjoyed its protecting power,
were driven into hiding-places. All this was
under the auspices of Andrew Johnson. It was
he who animated the wicked crew. He was at
the head of the work. Loyalty everywhere was
persecuted. White and black, whose only offense
was that they had been true to their country,
were insulted, abused, murdered. There was
no safety for the loyal man except within the
flash of our bayonets. The story is as authentic
as hideous. More than two thousand murders
have been reported in Texas alone since the
surrender of liirby Smith. In other States
there was a similar carnival. Property, person,
life, were all in jeopardy. Acts were done "to
make a holiday in Hell." At New Orleans
there was a fearful massacre, which, consider-
ing the age and the place, was worse than that
of St. Bartholomew, which darkens a century
of France, or that of Glencoe, which has printed
an ineffaceable stain upon one of the greatest
reigns of English history. All this is directly
traced to Andrew Johnson. The words of
bitterness uttered at another time are justified,
while Fire, Famine,and Slaughter shriek forth—
"He let me loose, and cried Halloo!
To him atone the praise is due."
ACCUMULATION OF IMPEACHABLE OFFEXSKS.
This is nothing but the outline, derived from
historic sources lehich the Senate on this occa-
