1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15*01
gained that battle, so that I do not believe lie
deserves the encomium the Senator from Mary-
land passed 011 him.
Air. J OHNSON. That was not his fault; I
do not say he was in the battle; he was re-
served under the order of General McClellan.
Mr. CAMERON. I think thU~Senatorfrom
Maryland stated that General Lee had said that
it' it had not been for Porter's corps he would
have gained the battle.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes; I did say that, and
the reason was because it was held in reserve.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot imagine how he
saved the battle by not taking his troops into
the battle. I believe, however, that the case
of Porter was acted upon hastily, and perhaps
injustice was done him. I for one would be
willing and would aid by all the means in my
power to give him a rehearing, and if he has
been improperly treated, if injustice has been
done him I would right it; but that is no reason
why we should not pass this bill. I do not be-
lieve that the President should have the right
to restore a man to service who had been fairly
tried by a court-martial and dismissed. If
Mr. Porter shall be found to have been im-
properly treated, he can be reappointed and
then his case will come before the Senate and
I shall be one of the first to vote for his nomi-
nation, and would gladly do it under such cir-
cumstances.
Mr. WILSON. I can assure Senators that
so far as I am concerncd, and I think so far
as the Committee on Military Affairs are con-
cerned, we had not in mind the case of Gen-
eral Porter. I had understood that General
Porter had no desire or wish to be restored to
the Army.
' Mr. JOHNSON. lie has not.
Mr. WjLSON. I had supposed that his
case would never come up in the form of an
application for restoration. I knew General
Porter early in the war, and believed him to be
ail accomplished officer and gentleman. There
were many Massachusetts men under him, and
he certainly won the respect and confidence of
a large number of the officersof my State, who
entertain for liim a great deal of regard and
affection. I heard ot liis case, as I certainly
did of all other officers during the war who
failed, with profound regret, for where a man
was in the field trying to serve the country I
always regretted any mistake he made or any
misconduct of his. It was leported to me by
active officers, by men of Massachusetts who
served during the whole war, that General
Porter desired, if possible, to have a review- of
his case, not, for the purpose of going back into
the Army, but for the purpose of presenting
some new testimony that would mitigate the
opinion of the country against him,^ and vin-
dicate his character; and certainly it General
Porter, or any other man who lias been cash-
iered during the war, or who has in any way
failed during the war, can bo vindicated by the
iaets, or if the public opinion of the country
fn regard to his conduct can be modified by
the presentation of the facts, I_suppose every
fair-minded man would be gratified to have it
done-
Acting under this conviction I wrote a letter
in favor, not of a court-martial to try Fitz J olm
Porter again, but if it could be done allowing
the case to go before able officers, who would
hear the facts and pronounce their judgment,
and modify the case if possible. But I under-
stood he did not desire to be restored to the
Army, and that he would make no application
for restoration ; that lie was simply endeavor-
ing, if possible, to modify the judgment of the
eounUy in regard to his conduct; aud. I sup-
pose everybody would be glad to have it done
if it can be done truthfully.
Now, sir, this bill has no special reference
to his case. It has reference to all cases that
may come up. There have been several cases
of restoration that I do not think ought to have
been made. This bill is a check upon that by
simply providing that where an officer has been
cashiered or dismissed by sentence of a court-
martial, he shall not be restored unless he is
reappointed and the reappointment confirmed
by the Senate. I am sure that in cases where
any error can be proved to have been com-
mitted the Senate will be disposed to deal
justly with the officers of the Army. I hope
that the bill will pass.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not probable that this
bill will be disposed of to-night, and there is
yet time in which we can do some executive
business. I move, therefore, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. WILSON. Let us vote on this bill. I
tliink we can get a vote to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no probability of
getting through with the bill, and I must, there-
fore, insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 28, 1868.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R _ No. 882)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Officc Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made a special order
for Tuesday next after the morning hour.
naval depot on sandusky bay.
Mr. BUCKLAND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Remlved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot estab-
lishing a naval depot and nav.il dry-dock on San-
dusky bay, at or near Sandusky city, and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
MORNING HOUR.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call during the morning hour of
committees for reports of a private nature.
john f. kino .
Mr. BROOMALL, from the Committee on
Accounts, reported back the petition of John
F. King, for services rendered as assistant
doorkeeper in the House of Representatives;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
document file clerk.
Mr. BROOMALL, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the following resolution
without amendment, and with the recommend-
ation that it do pass :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House of
Representatives be uuthuiized to appoint a docu-
ment file clerk, whoso salary shall bo equal to that
of messenger in his department, and shall be paid
from the contingent fund of the House during the
time actually employed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
we should have some explanation of this reso-
lution before we pass it.
Mr. BROOMALL. The Committee on Ac-
counts examined into this question with every
disposition to save expense, and they have
unanimously come to the conclusion that such
an officer as is here indicated is necessary. It
has been strongly recommended by the Door-
keeper. I do not know that it is worth while
to go into detail, and I shall not do so unless
gentlemen desire further information.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Wliatduties
has this party to perform that cannot be per-
formed by some of the numerous and excel-
lent employes we now have?
Mr. BROOMALL. His duty will be to take
charge of the files of documents in the room
appropriated to documents and in the House.
The gentleman from Illinois knows that com-
plaints have been made about the irregularity
of our files. The appointment of this officer
will obviate all such complaints in the future.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it difficult to find a
person to discharge the duties of this office? '
Mr. BROOMALL. It will not be difficult
to get a competent person to take charge of
these documents. The Doorkeeper has a per-
son now whom he will appoint, and who is
competent. I demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Icertainly
do not wish to interpose any objection to any-
thing that is necessary to carry on the opera-
tions of this House properly. And I need not
say that I have the most entire confidence in
our Doorkeeper. He is one of the most excel-
lent and efficient officers we have ever had.
Still I think he can, with his present force, find
some one properly to discharge these duties.
And I would ask my friend from Pennsylvania
whether ho can tell the exact increase of force
about this House since the years of 1860 and
1861? I know there has been a very large in-
crease, and do not now feel any disposition to
still further increase that force and to create
another officer.
Mr. BROOMALL. It is not intended to
increase this force beyond what it is now.
This particular office has been filled by detail
from the Doorkeeper's office. _ This will fix the
place and authorize the appointment of a per-
son whose duty it shall be to attend exclusively
to the duties of taking care of the files of doc-
uments. The object of the resolution is merely
to authorize that to be continued which already
has been done. I do not know to what extent
the expenses of this department have been
increased since 1860, but I apprehend there
has been no very material increase. The busi-
ness has materially increased. If the gentle-
man from Illinois knew the pains taken by the
Doorkeeper aud by the committee to cut down
the expenses of his department against a very
considerable effort on the part of many gentle-
men, who ought to aid us, to get them up
higher, he would think we had done much in
effecting a reduction, as we have done, of
$1,000 a month since the commencement of
the session, I do not think he would object to
this resolution. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 22 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, withdrew
his demand for a further division.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hooper and williams.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on the petition of Hooper & Williams, and the
same was laid on the table.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution (S. No. 95) authorizing the
Light-House Board to place warnings over ob-
structions at the entrance of harbors or in the
fair-way of bays and sounds.
kufus m. iiollister.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
833) for the relief of Rufus M. ITollister, of
Janesville, Wisconsin ; which was read a first
and second time.
