1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2523
senioi- Senators here, then I believe the fact to
be that the preamble which the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin recites in his resolutio'n is
not before us in any official form. It is only
here, to oar knowledge, in the columns of the
Globe. If that is so, then I submit to thehon-
rorable Senator that it is not proper for us to
take any notice of that which has been trans-
acted in the House except simply as it is pre-
sented to us in official form by the House itself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The simple question is
whether the fact has been brought to the atten-
tion of the Senate? It may bo brought to the
attention of the Senate by the statement of a
Senator ; it may be brought to the attention of
the Senate by reading from a newspaper; and
especially it can be brought to the attention of
the Senate from that newspaper which is pub-
lished under the authority of Congress, and
which contains the official proceedings of both
bodies.
I do not know the precise motion which has
been made in relation to the resolution which
came from the House of Representatives, and
I will inquire of the Presiding Officer before I
go on what is the precise motion pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the passage of the resolution
of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; the House sent no
resolution. The motion merely is to furnish
the document asked for by the House.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all. It was my
motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My motion is to amend
that resolution by sending to the House of
Representatives the resolution which I have
sent to the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that let us take a
vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We can take a vote when
we get to it, if the honorable Senator from
California will allow me.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; I do not propose
to adjourn ; I am perfectly willing to remain
here ; but still there are some things that 1
desire to say in relation to this matter. I think
the Senate will make a very great mistake the
day that it shall once submit itself to the ex-
amination of the House of Representatives,
after having passed a resolution that they have
information going to show probable cause for
believing that corrupt means have been used
to influence the Senate in its judgment in the
impeachment or in its judgment in any other
matter.
The truth is, the independence of this body
requires, if it would be independent of the
House, that it should take its own members
into its own keeping; and if there have been
corrupt means used to influence the determina-
tion of any member of the body it is for the
Senate to investigate, for the Senate to ex-
amine, and not for the House. Therefore I
submit the resolution requesting the House of
Representatives to furnish us the information
of which they speak. Let it come to the Sen-
ate, and we can appoint a committee to investi-
gate the subject and ascertain the facts.
If the House volunteer to go on and take ex
parte testimony, we not assenting at all, it
would be a simple breach of courtesy on their
part to the Senate; but I think we shall rue the
day if we ever consent to furnish the very
means which they wish to show that one or
more of the Senators have been corruptly in-
fluenced in their determination in this high
court. T speak with no disrespect to the House
of Representatives; but we know the tendency
of all bodies is to enlarge their powers and
jurisdiction, especially the larger, popular,
and more numerous branches over those less
numerous, less popular, less in condition to
defend themselves. Therefore I think we
should meet this right here, meet it on the
threshold.
I know it is said they ask as a matter of
comity on our part that we furnish them certain
information. In a matter of comity [ will go
as far as any man in the world; but I never
go upon the principle of comity when there is
an imputation made upon me, and a man de-
sires me to be courteous to him when he is
making an imputation that I am influenced by
corrupt motives.
Mr. President, there are other things con-
nected with this matter that perhaps ought to
be investigated by a committee of this body ;
and if a committee should be raised on this
question of what kind of corrupt influences
have been sought to be used with this body,
we might go outside of this particular charge.
We know very well, and all the world know.?,
that from this city of Washington telegrams
have been sent all over the country by men in
position calling upon the people to denounce
Senators as recreant to their trust—-a direct
appeal from the court to the mob outside.
When the time comes that an appeal can be
made from the highest court of the land to the
mob outside to influence its determination,
mob-law is to govern and control courts as well
as legislative bodies. Sir, it will- be a day of
sorrow and anguish to the American people if
such kind of appeals can be tolerated and justi-
fied and sent broadcast, as they have been, all
over the land, to undertake to manufacture
public opinion and gather it here to influence
the conduct of Senators—threats of assassina-
tion, threats of personal violence, threats of
intimidation of every form !
Mr. President, I can speak with some feeling
on this subject, for I have had occasion within
the last three years sometimes to vote upon
my own responsibility in the midst of denun-
ciation and threats of personal violence, and
even attempts to mob me in my own town,
because I would not consent to violate what I
understood to be my oath. I may have been
mistaken; I claim no infallibility; I claim
simply an honest purpose ; and because I have
done it I have been mobbed in my own town
and State. Therefore, sir, I can speak with
some feeling on this subject. I know that
these appeals are made for the purpose of
influencing men in these high places. News-
papers are denouncing Senators everywhere,
and telegrams are being sent for the purpose
of intimidating and influencing men from fol-
lowing the dictates of their own judgment in
the determination of this as well as other
matters.
Mr. President, I think it is for the Senate to
stand upon its own dignity, to defend itself,
not to make the first step of concession toward
the House so long as the House says in its own
resolution that it has information showing that
the determination of the Senate has been influ-
enced by corrupt means. It is for us to invest-
igate this matter and not furnish the means to
other men to prosecute before another tribunal
an investigation which belongs to us.
Gentlemen speak of my desiring to prevent
investigation. No, sir ; never. I do not wish
to prevent any investigation or the fullest in-
vestigation in relation to any Senator in this
body; and I venture to say that when the in-
vestigation takes place, whenever it may be
authorized by this body, which has juiisdiction
over it, it will show that there is not a particle
or shadow of foundation for this alleged rumor.
It is all rumor.
Now, Mr. President, I desire that the Senate
should act upon this matter. It belongs to us
to act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Could we impeach any
official who might be implicated?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What can we do about it£
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This resolution speaks
of no officials as being implicated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not speak of any
Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It speaks of the Sen-
ate being influenced in its determination by
corrupt means.
Several Senators. No; it does not say
that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is precisely what
it says.
Mr. CONKLING. An attempt.
No; it does not say an
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
attempt.
Mr. YATES. 11 Means were nsed."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it read.
Mr. DOOLII ILE.- It says they have good
cause to believe that the determination of the
Senate has been influenced by corrupt motives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it rc-jul and
see.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call on the Clerk to
read it
Mr. SUMNER. I have it here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. LettheClerk read-it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have it here, and will
read it:
"Whereas information has come to the managers
whicii seems to them to furnish probable cau«c to
beiiere tli.it improper or corrupt moans have been
used to influence the determination of the Senate
upon the articles of impeachment exhibited to the
Senate by the House of Representatives against tho
President of the United States."
i Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not say that they
have been influenced. It looks as though it
might apply to the officials that the Senator
from Wisconsin seems so anxious to guard.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator says that
it may apply to officials that I am anxious to
guard. Sir, I repel the imputation.
Mr. POMEROY. The resolution of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is not in order. Not
being germane to the original motion, it can-
not be entertained by the Senate while the
other motion is pending.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
like to have Senators say to me that I desire to
guard officials or anybody else from investiga-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Tho Senator will allow
this question of order to be settled first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not certain what it was. Let us see what
the motion is.
Mr. POMEROY. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was that tho request
of the House of Representatives be granted,,
and upon that motion the Senator from Wis
consin brings in the resolution which has just
been read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The resolution may not
be in order; but 1 supposed 1 was.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator was speak-
ing upon a resolution not in order before the
Senate.
Mr. DAYIS. I suggest to the honorable
Senator one question. How could these cor-
rupt means be used unless the overtures were
accepted?
Mr. EDMUNDS. By giving them to an
agent and employing him to approach a Sena-
tor, who refused to be approached
Mr. DAVIS. There would be no use in
that. It would be a mere attempt to use
them.
Several Senators. That is what the reso-
lution says.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The resolution avers
that the House of Representatives have good
cause to believe that corrupt means have been
used to influence the determination of the
Senate.
Several Senators. No. no !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish honorable Sen-
ators would get the resolution- and read its
language for themselves. Certainly it roads
in that way to me.
Now. Mr. President, I desire not to trespass
upon the time of the Senate. I have never
done so in my life. But I am speaking on this
subject because I earnestly believe that it is
our duty on such information to examine this
matter for ourselves, and not to give over the
examination to the House of Representatives.
[•'Question!" "Question!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas and nays are ordered ; and
the Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move my resolution
as a substitute.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. It is not in
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the opinion
