1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW*
111
nles more to finish his speech. He then moved
to postpone the further consideration of the
rVs'.'ect tinnl Tuesday, January 21, after the
mo iling hour.
1'ho motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLEU moved to reconsider the
Tote by which the further consideration was
pos'ponetl: and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Tbe latter motion was agreed to.
?«M TIIERN RAILROAD GRANTS.
Mr. JULIAN entered amotion to reconsider
the \ote '\v «Licli the House recommitted to
the Commit :«.v on Public Lands House bill
No. -"T, to declare forfeited to the United
Sta:e< certain lands granted to aid in the con-
«:.-uct:.>ii ot' railroads in the States of Ala-
bama. M;>.-.:.<s:ppi, Louisiana, and Florida, and
for o'.her purposes.
LKAVK OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Haight.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PRUYN obtained the floor to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
allow me a moment to take the sense of the
House in regard to adjournment for the holi-
days.
Mr. PRUYN. I will, with the understand-
ing that I may have the floor to-morrow morn-
ing. At the request of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] a few moments
ago 1 agreed to give way, if such was the feel-
ing of the House this afternoon, to a motion
to adjourn. I am laboring under a severe head-
ache now.
No objection was* made, and it was under-
stood accordingly.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE IIOLIDAYS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire the sense of the
H ouse on the question of adjournment for the
holidays, and for that purpose I will submit a
resolution. I offer it, after consultation with
my own committee, and with other gentlemen,
chairmen of committees and others. The
Committee of V\ ays and Means propose, if the
House shall adjourn as is provided in the res-
olution. to leave a sub-committee to continue
some work on the tax bill on which we are
engagwj. f do not know what provisions are
made by other committees, hut with a view to
bringing the matter to an issue and understand- |
ing what the House desires I submit the fol- ,
lowing resolution:
Rnnl.vd, 'the Senate concurring, ! That when the
two Houses adjourn on Friday, the 20th instant, the
President of the Senate and tho Speaker of the
House of Representatives shall declare their respect-
ive ll'juvs adjourned until Monday, the 6th of Jan-
nary next.
Members will remember that Christmas and
New ^ears come in the very middle of the
week, on Wednesday, thus breaking each of
the weeks by adjournment from the Friday
preceding. By this resolution, at the close of
the week preceding Christmas, members living
at a distance and desirous of going home can
have an opportunity to do so, arriving there
in advance of that holiday. The whole period
of adjournment will be fifteen days. Congress
bein j in section on the 20th of December and
on the Oth of January. It is shorter than we
took last year, but I think quite long enough,
tour of the«e days being holidays and Sun-
days. leaves eleven working days that will be
included in the recess, i call the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. LAW itENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I would rather
take the sense of the House on the resolution.
If I yield to one I may be asked to yield to
others, and so open a debate.
Mr. FARNSWORfH. I move to lay tho •
resolution on tiff table.
The motion was put; and there were—ayes
sixteen.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeat and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KELSEY usked lor tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered on agreeing to
the resolution.
Mr.-LA WHENCE, of Ohio. I call the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; nnd
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which a joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1
call up the motion merely for the purpose of
making a few remarks, and not for action at
this time.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman to give
way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; I .shall
not occupy much of the time of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gives
notice that he will not ask a vote of the House
to day, aud the Chair infers that no business
will be done after this time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, at
the July session I introduced a joint resolu-
tion proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution ofrthe United States, hoping that a dis-
cussion of the question would lead, at this
session, to the adoption of a proposition secur-
ing tho ballot to all citizens qualified to dis-
charge the duties of an elector. That propo-
sition was intended to take the place of the
amendment submitted to the States by the
Thirty-Ninth Congres.-, and known as Article
14. It contained an educational clause which
declared that—
"After the );h day of July, in the j'cnr of our Lord
1S76. all c'i'izen-i of the United States thereafter be-
coming twenry-ono years of age. and nil who may
thereafter l>e naturalized, shall be required to read
and write the English languagB as a qualification to
rote." j
I now propose to strike out that clause and <
substitute in its place this paragraph on the j
subject of education : |
" Kach State sh.il! c <tabli<h and maintain, by equi-
table fixation, a thorough and eflicteut sy-tein of
free public schools throughout the citato, sufficiently
numerous for the accommodation of all the children
of the State."
With the exception of this change, the
proposition as now submitted is substantially
the same as it was when first proposed. The
entire amendment, as it now reads, is as follows: 1
^Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United State?, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of tbe State or
Territory wherein they reside.
Sf.c. 2. Every citizen of the United States twenty-
one years of age and upward leicpt Indians not
taxed and persons -non comptj*) shall be an elector in
any State or Territory in which they rajy have resided
one year next preceding the election ut which they
shall offer to vote. Each State shall prescribe uni-
form rule« for the annual registration of electors, and
provide by law against fraud at elections, and may
disfranchise any person for participation in rebellion
again«t the United States, or fur the commission of
an act which is felony at common law. Each State
shall establish and maintain, by equitable taxation,
a thorough and efficient system of free public schools
throughout the State, sufficiently numerous for tho !
accommodation of all the children of the State. ,
iSkc. 3. Xo State shall inakc or enforce any law !
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out <lm process of law, nordenyto any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Sue. 4. Representatives in Congress shall beappor-
tioned among tho several States according to tho
number of inhabitants in cach.
Skc. 5. Xo person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President or Vice
President, or hold any office.civil or military, under
the United States, or nnder any State, who was a
member of any Legislature or convention which
passed an ordinance of secession, and who voted
therefor, or who held a commission above the rank
j of captain in the insurgent army during tho rebel-
: lion, or who, having previously taken uu oath as a
member of Congress, or as an otlicer of the United
States, or ns a member of any State Legislature, or as
an executive or judicial otlicer of any State, to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, shall luivo
engaged in insurrection or rebellion against tho
same, or given aid and comfort to tho enemies
thereof. Uut Congress may, by a eoneurrcnt vote of
two thirds of each House, remove such disability.
Sec. 6. Tho validity of the public debt of the tin-
ted States authorized bylaw, including debts incurred
for payment of pensions and bounties for sen ices in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, .-hall not bo
questioned. Hut neither the I'nited States nor any
State shall assumo or pny any debt or obligation
incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against
tho United State", or any claim for the lo-s nr eman-
cipation of any slave ; but all such debts, obligat ions,
and claims shall bo held illegal and void.
Sue. 7. That Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article.
I have adopted in this proposition nil that I
regard as most valuable in the amendment
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress. To
my distinguished colleague [Mr. Bingham] is
due the credit of first presenting to this House
what now constitute the third uml sixth clauses
of this article.
When I introduced this proposition last July
T did not expect to obtain a report from the
Judiciary Committee, to which it was then
referred, nor did I attempt to secure action by
the House upon it at lhat session. Both Houses
by concurrent resolution had decided by a very
large majority that they would entertain no
business except propositions designed to
strengthen and perfect the reconstruction acts
of Congress: and a majority had determined
to remain here but a few days, so that no legis-
lation except an amendment to those laws was
possible at that session. I expectcd. however,
when submitting that proposition to have the
attention of the country specially called to the
question of suffrage as a national question, and
to the necessity of securing the ballot to every
citizen of the United States without distinction
of race or color, whether native or foreign
born. Of course X refer to citizens who are
guiltless of crime and who are competent to
discharge the ordinary duties of life among a
civilized people.
Believing that the qualification for suffrage
should be uniform in all the States, and that
the great privilege of the ballot ought to be
secured by constitutional provision to every
American citizen rather than by State law, I
voted with great reluctance for the amendment
submitted by the Thirty-Ninth Congress be-
cause it did not secure the ballot but left the
question to the States with a kind of coercive,
bribing, penal clause, which seemed to me
unworthy of that Congress. It will be remem-
bered that we simply provided for the loss of
Representatives in this body from any State in
proportion to the number of citizens which it
might without cause disfranchise, thus recog-
nizing the right of a State to disfranchise citi-
zens of the United States who were guiltless
of crime—citizens for whom we professed a
desire to secure the privileges of the ballot.
Had we at that time submitted a proposition
securing the ballot to every citizen it would
have been adopted by all the States more
readily than they adopted the amendment which
we did submit, and we would have escaped the
just charge of being constitutional tinkers,
and been spared the humiliation of the so-called
reverses which have overtaken us in Ohio and
in other States. That proposition, however,
was of a piece with all our patch--work and
make-shift during the war and since on this
subject of reconstruction. Not by our wisdom,
or statesmanship, or foresight, but by the folly
of the enemy have we succeeded thus far. But
for the blunders and crimes of the rebel leaders
during the war and after its close, and the lack
of ability on the p«rt of their northern allies
to take advantage of our folly, we would have
failed during the war and been in a minority
as a party to-day. This is a humiliating con-
fession, I admit, and I make it with regret and
only because it cannot be truthfully denied.
If the rebel States had adopted the amend-
ment submitted by the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
