3550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
act, I see no reason why tliey should apply to
the enemies of the bill for amendments on
points that are purely trivial in their character;
for, as was shown by my friend, the Senator
from Nebraska, [Mr, Tipton",] the question is
submitted in a different mode in the election
of the members of the Legislature. The bill
now provides that they shall decide when they
convene whether the Territory shall be admit-
ted into the Union or not; and if they decide
not to be admitted into the Union then this
law becomes a nullity ; and it is purely imma-
terial whether the provisions of the constitu-
tion are acceptable in all respects to the people
or not, if it is to become nugatory and void.
But if they decide in favor of admission, and
there should be found to be provisions in it,
as I have before remarked, that are not accept-
able to the people, they will have the power to
change them, for the constitution itself pro-
vides the mode ; and if it did not thus provide
a mode for its own amendment, I apprehend
110 Senator here would contend for a moment
that they would not inherently have the right
to amend their fundamental law.
If then, Mr. President, there is probably a
sufficient population in this Territory to sus-
tain a government; if they are willing to do so ;
if they probably have the capacity to enact
and enforce laws for the protection of life, lib-
erty, and property, to make these reasonably
secure, and if they will have the opportunity
to amend their constitution in all these minor
respects, if they choose to do so, as seems to
me to be obvious, what reason is there for
refusing to permit them to come into the Union
as a State unless it be placed on the ground
purely of inequality of representation, as meas-
ured by population, in this Chamber?
Mr. FERRY. Will the Senator allow me
one word ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY. There is now placed upon
this constitution one condition which it is not
in the power of the people of Colorado to
change ; so that upon that provision no expres-
sion of the will of that people has ever been
had.
Mr. HARLAN. That will be had by them
in the election of members of the Legislature.
If they are not willing to live under the con-
stitution with this clause in it, they will vote
for members to represent them who will vote
against its adoption.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask him if he
ever knew or heard of an instance where a
question of this kind was submitted to a Legis-
lature instead of to the people when it was
going to be submitted at all in the admission
of any State before this one ?
Mr. IIARLAN. Was it not so in the case
of Nebraska ?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Nebraska that a similar question was
submitted to the Legislature of that State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Permit me to correct the
Senator. It was not submitted to the Legisla-
ture of_ Nebraska whether they would be ad-
mitted into the Union or not. It was submitted
to them to ratify the perpetual condition we
imposed upon them.
Sir. TIPTON. That was the only condition
on which we were admitted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly; but here this
proposition is to leave the Legislature to decide
yea or nay whether they desire to be admitted
into the Union at all; and my question was
whether there was ever a case of that kind
before.
Mr. HARLAN. This is more technical than
real, for if the Legislature of Nebraska had
failed to ratify that fundamental condition
they were not to be received; they were not to
be a'merhber of the Union. It was for the pur-
pose of settling the question whether they were
to be admitted that that fundamental condition
was submitted. On its ratification by the
Legislature their constitution was declared to
have been adopted, and they entitled to repre-
sentation in this Chamber and in the other
branch of Congress. But, sir, as it seems to
me, with'great respect for the Senator from
Vermont, it is a puerile question, to say that
delegates may make and ratify a constitution
and members of a Legislature may not do so.
Who are the delegates in a Territory but the
representatives of the people, elected at the
polls for a specific purpose, for the purpose of
framing and adopting a fundamental law. If
you call them members of the Legislature, elect
them in the same way, and clothe them with
the same power, have you not achieved sub-
stantially the same thing; that is, a fair repre-
sentation of the will ot the people?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly. _
Mr. DAVIS. A convention is elected spe-
cially to frame a constitution. A Legislature
is elected to do no such work, and therefore
cannot legitimately make or adopt a constitu-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; and that is purely
a name. You call one a convention, and you
call the other a Legislature. Suppose you
reverse the names ; would it change the sub-
stance ? Suppose you call one legislative body;
that is, a legislative body composed of but one
house a Legislature—and I suppose it would
be competent for the people of a State to have
a Legislature of but one house—then it is in
identical form a convention. Does it change
the substance to have two houses ? Could not
the people of a new community call a conven-
tion of that form ? Could not Congress do so ?
Could not they provide that members of a con-
vention should be elected to two branches, one
to be composed of a certain number of mem-
bers, and another to be composed of a smaller
number of members, and that before a con-
stitution should be adopted it should receive
the assent of both of these houses ? Why, sir,
with great respect, this is a mere play of words.
What you desire in the ratification of a consti-
tution to bo the fundamental law of a State
is to ascertain that it proceeds from the mind
of the people themselves ; that it is the expres-
sion of their will. It has not been usual until
recently in this country to submit laws, funda-
mental or statute, directly to the people for
ratification.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not constitutions?
Mr. HARLAN. Not constitutions. Few,
if any, of tiie constitutions, at least of the old
States, that were in force at the organization
of this Governments, were submitted directly
to a vote of the people. I am informed by
my friend, the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake,] that not one half of all of them now
in force have ever been submitted directly to
the people. To say that a people have not
power to clothe their delegates with authority
to make a fundamental law that will be bind-
ing on them without first submitting it to a
vote of the people is a new doctrine in this
country.
Sir, this is a representative Government.
Your laws are made, not by the people, but by
representatives of the people. They are adju-
dicated, not by the people en masse, by the
people at the polls, but by the representatives
of the people on the judicial tribunals. Your
laws are enforced, not by the people en masse,
by their votes, but by their representatives in
the executive offices of the State and of the
nation. This, therefore, is a representative
Republic, and the people may, if they choose,
clothe their delegates with authority to settle
finally the question of the adoption either of a
fundamental or a statute law. With great
respect, therefore, I conclude there is nothing
in the objection submitted by the Senator from
Kentucky.
But, sir, Senators argue as if this Senate was
organized for the division of spoils, and not
to make laws; that if there are four million
people within the limits of the State of New
York and one million in the State of Iowa, New
York ought to have four times as much plunder
as the people of Iowa, and to secure this should
have a corresponding representation. Sir, this
is not, although it is frequently asserted to be,
a body composed of representatives of States.
We do not vote here as representatives^ of
States; we vote as Senators of the United
States. Neither the State of New York as a
State, nor any other State in this Uniorecasts
a vote as such. Why, sir, how frequently are
the two Senators from any one State divided
in their votes ? Not frequently do the two Sen-
ators from Indjana vote on the same side of a
great political question, and very frequently do
they differ on questions of mere expediency,
questions even of local policy; and so with the
Senators from each of the other States. The
roll of States is never called in this Chamber.
That is only done in the other branch of Con-
gress. It is only the" Representatives of the
people in the other House that are called by
States to express their voice in this manner,
and then only in a possible case of disagree-
ment in the Electoral Colleges in the selection
of a President of the United States. There is
nothing, therefore, in this idea of this body
being composed of representatives of States.
Sir, we are representatives of the United
States, and the moment a Senator-elect walks
to that desk, and takes on himself the solemni-
ties of his oath of office, he ceases to be the
official representative of a State as such and
becomes a legislator for this nation, and is
bound under his oath of office to do justice as
much to Iowa as the Senators from that State
are to do justice to the people of his State.
It is important, however, that these local com-
munities should be represented here in order
that we may be well informed as to the local
necessities of the people of this great country.
It is important that their representatives should
be here to inform this body of the necessities
of the communities among whom they live, as
well as to give the Government the aid of their
counsel and advice in the passage of measures
pertaining to the general welfare.
Now, sir, in the Territory of Colorado the
people of this nation have larger interests as a
nation than they have in New York or Ken-
tucky. They have a vast public domain to be
disposed of; they have vast mineral interests,
and the people of that locality are in imme-
diate contact with independent tribes of people
over whom this nation exercises a kind of
guardianship, but nevertheless are compelled,
by the usages, at least, of the nation, to treat
as independent communities. Now, I inquire
whether we do not need the advice and counsel
of representatives from that community in this
Chamber in order that our votes may be intel-
ligently cast in relation to the disposition of
that vast public domain stretching from the
northern border of Mexico up to the British
possessions, covering what in any other coun-
try might be carved up into a home for several
great and powerful nationalities ? Here in this
Chamber you have no representative of that
vast region. You have delegates in the other
House without a voice—legalized lobbyists ;
nothing more. Sir, we need a representation
from these large Teci'itories and from these vast
and expanding interests in order that we may
enact tne necessary laws to develop them in
an intelligent and enlightened manner. It is
not for the purpose of parceling out goods and
chattels that Senators come to this Chamber,
I suppose, but for the purpose of lending to
the nation their advice and counsel in the man-
agement of the vast interests submitted to our
control; and in order that this may be done
intelligently I submit that it is important at
this time that that vast country and that grow-
ing community, very soon to be a great agri-
cultural community, shall have a voice in this
and the other Chamber.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I shall oc-
cupy but a very few moments in stating one
or two points. I have no objection to the
amendment resubmitting this constitution to
the people of Colorado. Believing that that
