2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IS,
.of the Chair on that subject. Gentlemen say
ifc is not in order; but I supposed that in place
of one resolution I could offer another.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not necessarily.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If they are
independent resolutions, the one first offered
must be first acted upon.
Mr. POME&OY. The first offered was the
resolution proposing to answer the request of
the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question will be read.
The Chief Cleiik. The pending question
is on the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to cora-
municato to the House of Representatives a certified
copy of the proceedings of the Senate, sitting for the
trial of thePresidentof the United States upon arti-
cles of impeachment, for the last two days of the
trial, as requested in the resolution of the llouso of
Representatives of the 18th instant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Now the
resolution of the Senator from Wisconsin will
be read, and then we will endeavor to under-
stand what it is.
The Chief Ci.erk. It is proposed to amend
the resolution just read by inserting before the
word "Resolved JJ the following preamble:
Whereas the House of Representatives, by a reso-
lution passed on Saturday last, have recited the fol-
lowing preamble, to wit:
44 Whereas information has come to the managers
which seems to them to furnish probable cause to
believe that improper or corrupt means hiive been
used to influence the determination of the Senate
upon the articles of impeachment exhibited to the
Senate by the House of Representatives against the
president of the United States: Therefore."
And after the word ''Resolved" it is pro-
posed to insert:
That the House of Representatives be requested
to furnish to the Senate any information which has
come to said House, or the managers thereof, tend-
ing to show that improper or corrupt means have
been used to influence the determination of the Sen-
ate on said impeachment, that the Senate may take
proper order thereon in the premises.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered. The Clerk will call
the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that my resolution moved as a
substitute is not in order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Clearly not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prop-
ositions are entirely' independent, having no
connection with each other, and the resolution
of the Senator can be offered afterward.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will modify iny res-
olution so as to read:
Resolved, That the Senate decline to furnish the
information requested, and that the House be re-
spectfully requested to furnish the information, &e.
My proposition is to decline to send them the
information asked for, and request them to
send us the information they have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the proposition of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the resolution of Mr. Sumner, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS.—Messrs. Cattell. Cole, Conkling, Confess,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Harlan, Howe, Morgan,
Nye. Pomeroy, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—19.
NAYS.—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Mc-
Creery, and Patterson of Tennessee—5.
ABSENT. — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Corbett, Dixon, Ferry, Fessenden, Fow-
ler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard. Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, S Prague,Thaver,
Trumbull, Yan Winkle, Vickers, Willey, and Wil-
liams—-30.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arras 
Mr. BUCKALEW and Mr. DAVIS. Let the
vote be announced by the Chair first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 19 and the nays 5; no
quorum voting.
_ Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Chair
direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to find and bring
in Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Chair be directed to send the Sergeant-
at-Arms for the? absentees.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe the usual
motion, and the more decorous, is that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of Senators.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms is directed to request the attend-
ance of absent Senators.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
After a pause,
Mr. YATES, (at six o'clock and two min-
utes.) I think we shall have to wait here all
night to get a quorum, and if it is in order I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 3, noes 10.
Mr. COLE, (at six o'clock and five min-
utes. ) I think some of the Senators who voted
on the first call have since absented themselves
from the Chamber, and it will be impossible
to get a quorum, I think, to-night. I therefore
move an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is no use in
our staying here.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 18, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
adjournment till thursday.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn till Thursday
next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will go through the call of States for
bills, &c., before putting the question on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
mayxakd.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
withdrawing the motion for the present, with
the understanding it shall be renewed here-
after.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the call of States and Territories for the in-
troduction of bills and joint resolutions for ref-
erence to their appropriate committees, not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
During this call resolutions of State and ter-
ritorial Legislatures may be presented.
abandoned property in rebel states.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1082) construing an act for the collec-
tion of abandoned property and for the pre-
vention of frauds in insurrectionary districts
in the United States, approved March 12,
1863; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revision
of Laws of the United States, and ordered to
be printed.
eligibility to presidency.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 269) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States ;
which was read, as follows:
Be it resolved, (two thirds of both Houses
concurring,) That the following article be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States as an
amendment to tho Constitution of the United
States, which, when ratified by three fourths of said
Legislatures, shall be valid as part of the Constitu-
tion ; namely:
That article two, section one, subdivision four, bo
amended so as to read:
No person, except a citizen of the United States,
shall be eligible to the office of President; neither,
shall any person be eligible to that office who shall
not have attained to the afrc of thirty-five years,
and been fourteen years a resident within the United
States.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask that this resolution
be referred to the Committee oil Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Joint' resolutions pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution of the
United States are, according to the general
usage, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. But unless that reference be moved,
this resolution will be referred, as the gentle-
man suggests, to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. ROBINSON. I prefer the latter refer-
ence.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
thanks to captain david m'docgall.
Mr. COBURN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 270) tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Captain David McDougall, of the
United States Navy, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
telegraph prom nliw york to washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill (II. R. No. 1083) for the construction
of a Government telegraph, under the direction
of the Post Office Department, between New
York and Washington; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
improvement of osage river.
Mr. McCLURG presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Missouri, memo-
rializing Congress for a grant of land for the
improvement of the Osage river; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
post routes in iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1084) to establish a post route from
Iconium to Unionville, in the State of Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also presented a joint
resolution and memorial of the Legislature of
Iowa, in relation to the establishment of cer-
tain post routes; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
distributors op revenue stamps.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also presented a me-
morial'of the Legislature of Iowa, asking for
the passage of a law making postmasters agents
for the distribution of revenue stamps ; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
j knal'p.
Mr. LOLGHRIDGE also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, relative
to J. Knapp, company II, fifteenth regiment
Iowa volunteers: which was relet red to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
wisconsin railroad land grants.
)yA-SHBL RN. of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (II. R. No. lOSo) to amend an act en-
titled An act to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in the State of Wisconsin,''
approved May o, 1804: which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the 1 ublic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
iowa railroad land grant.
,JIr; HOPKINS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
108ti) to amend an act entitled '-An act for a
