1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the claimant $500 to reimburse him
for that sum in .seven-thirty bonds of the Uni-
ted States lostatid destroyed byfire on the 10th
of June, 1800.
The report in the case was read. It states
that the petitioner had deposTted for safety in
the top part of the stove of his sitting-room in
his dwelling-house at Jatiesville, Wisconsin,
five United States seven-thirty bonds, second
is-.ne, of ยง100 each, also $480 in greenbacks,
which were burned and destroyed by lire, the
charred remains of which only were saved and
were submitted in evidence before the commit-
tee and also to the Treasurer of the United
States, who was able to identify the bonds. Of
the greenbacks ยง24!) were sufficiently identified
by the Treasurer to cause him to redeem the
same, and a draft has been issued therefor and
delivered to the petitioner by one of the mem-
bers of the committee. The committee are
satisfied from the voluminous evidence that the
claim for the seven-thirty bonds is just and that
new bonds should be issued.
Mr.-WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have some explanation. If we are
going to do this business we might as well give
up Lhe Treasury. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
state to the House the facts in reference to this
claim, and if the House sees tit to vote down
the report of the Committee of Claims they
will consider it an instruction from the House
that in no possible ease shall the Government
reissue bonds for those that are destroyed. The
committee have been very cautious in regard
to reporting favorably on any case of this kind.
But if members of_t.he House have given at-
tention to the reading of the report they have
seen that this case is not dependent upon the tes-
timony of the party who has lost the securities,
nor on the testimony of any party, but it is one
of those cases in which the charred remains were
presented to the Department,which certified to
the amount of the bonds and the numbers, and
the only difficulty is there is no authority on
the part of the Department to reissue bonds to
take the place of those destroyed. The case,
therefore, is this: you present before the
Department the charred remains of United
States bonds; the Treasurer examines them
and certifies that he is able to identify the
bonds, the amount, and the numbers, and the
simple question is, under these circumstances,
is the House willing to authorize the reissue
of bonds to take the place of those which have
been partially destroyed. If the House takes
the ground that in no case of this kind shall
the Government reissue new bonds for those
partially destroyed and identified the commit-
tee will consider it instruction hereafter in no
ease whatever to report a bill favorably. In
this case the proof is clear and is not depend-
ent oil any testimony, but simply on identifica-
tion by the proper officer of the Treasury De-
partment. Under this state of facts the com-
mittee were unanimous in favor of reporting
this bill. The same bill was reported unani-
mously by the Committee of Claims of the last
Congress, and it passed the House, but failed
in the Senate for want of time. Itremainsfor
this House to determine whether the report of
the committee shall be again sustained.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrxe]
says if we do this we might as well give up the
Treasury. Well, sir, if, when we have a case
like this presented before the Department,-
where the bonds are identified, we are going
to take the ground before the country that we
will not permit new bonds to be issued, I do
not know but we might as well repudiate all
just obligations. I yield to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allisox.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say one word
in regard to this proposition. For myself, I
have entire faith in the Committee of Claims;
and if they are satisfied that these bonds have
been actually destroyed, and there is indubit-
able evidence of the fact, I think good faith
requires that new bonds should be substituted.
But, sU', 1 remember that two years ago there
was, apparently, absolute proof presented to
this House of the destruction of some ten thou-
sand dollars in seven-tliirty bonds by the burn-
ing or destruction of a steamer on the ocean,
and we issued duplicates to supply their places;
and yet, only a few days ago, I was told at the
Treasury Department that the original cou-
pons of the bonds that were said to have been
destroyed were presented for payment, and
several of the original bonds themselves. I
only mention this particular case to admonish
the House that we must be perfectly certain in
this case that these bonds or Treasury notes
have been destroyed before we undertake to
issue duplicates for them. I did not hear the
report of the committee in this case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
old case has been brought up here time and
time again, but the gentleman will well recol-
lect that that case depended wholly upon evi-
dence and testimony. The evidence in this
case is all in the box which accompanies this
report. That box was submitted to the proper
accounting officer, and he, by an inspection
of the charred remains contained therein, was
enabled to identify the particular bonds, and
how any coupons can be presented from these
remains to be paid hereafter it is impossible
for the committee to see. As I stated in tho
first instance, in a case which depends entirely
upon the testimony of the individual himself
the committee saw very well that it might be
liable to be mistaken, or wo might establish a
precedent which it would not be proper to fol-
law ; but in this case tho evidence does not de-
pend upon any testimony. This is a small ease,
involving a small amount, and I think the
House understands the facts of the case, i
am ready to answer any questions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts, in
whose judgment I have the greatest confidence,
if the House was not entirely satisfied in tho
case to which the gentleman from iowa [Mr.
Allison] referred in regard to some Oregon
war bonds, from the proof which was piled up
so strongly that nobody was permitted to doubt
that tho bonds had gone to the bottom of the
"deep, deep sea,;' and could never come to
light again? And yet we had hardly got the
bill passed before the very bonds appeared at
the Treasury Department. The House was
entirely satisfied in that case, as perhaps they
will be in this, but the bonds turned up. The
gentleman from Massachusetts will also remem-
ber that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Thomas] brought in an almost precisely similar
case, where $100 was alleged to have been
burnt, consumed in the same kind of stove-
pipe, belonging to a poor woman in Maryland,
and the House refused, as I believe, to grant
the relief.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. This
case, my friend knows, is wholly different. As
I have stated two or three times to the House,
each of these cases depended on tho testimony
of interested parties. The case to which the
gentleman last referred did not come as a re-
port from the Committee of Claims'. We never
have reported in any such case, and I voted
against the bill to which he has referred. But
the case before the House at the present time,
as I have repeated and now reiterate, does not
depend upon the testimony of any individual,
but it depends upon the testimony of the re-
mains themselves, which have been presented
to the proper accounting officer, and by him
referred back to the committee. There is one
fact which I have not stated to the House, and
which it may be important for them to under-
stand, and that is that this bill does not cover
the whole loss. There were notes of tho value
of several hundred dollars burnt which could
not be identified by the proper accounting offi-
cer, and the committee have not reported the
whole relief asked for from the fact that a por-
tion of the notes could not be identified. We
have simply reported a bill to issue bonds so
far as the Treasurer has certified to us that he
is able to identify them from the remains pre-
sented to liini without any reference to the tes-
timony. Unless some gentleman desires further
information I will call the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS. \\ ill the gentleman yield
to me for a single moment ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to correct an error
into which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbcrne] has fallen. The case to which
ho has referred is still under advisement by the
Committee of Claims, and I would be very sorry
to see it prejudiced before the House before it
comes up for action here. Iu that case, by
interposing the rules of the House, at the in-
stance and on the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrne,] a majority of
the House were prevented from signifying the
decided preference which they had indicated
for the passage ot that bill.
I undertake to predict that, when the question
again comes before the House, the House will,
without any sort of hesitation, vote to pay that
small amount to an humble woman in my con-
gressional district, the wife of a soldier, who
during the war of the rebellion lost some one
hundred and fifty dollars by the burning of her
dwelling.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Washburn] yieldforan amend-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
hear it read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
Ptovidcrt, hoicever, That before any payment shall
he made by the Government for the loss alleged to
havo been sustained by the party to be relieved by
this bill an atlnlavit verifying the loss and a bond to
hold tho Government harmlets, shall be filed witii the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. My
only objection to that amendment is this : in
this case the identical bonds have been' pre-
sented to the Treasurer of the United States,
and he has certified to their identity. And
why require a bond to be given when you see
the remains of the old bonds and the Treasurer
of the United States certifies that he is able to
identify the number and amount? If this was
a case depending upon any testimony, except
the presentation of the identical property, then
most assuredly the committee would have re-
quired a bond and affidavit. But under the
circumstances the committee could not see the
necessity for any such requirement. Where
the case is one of an individual losing a bond
and asking to have a new one issued to him,
upon his testimony alone, then the requirement
of tho proposed amendment would be vny
proper. But where the property is identified
by your proper accounting officer, why require
an affidavit to be made ami a bond to be given?
We do not report any relief except iu so far as
the property has been identified. I must insist
upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The bill was then ordeied to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ASIIBURX, of Massachusetts , moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have been instructed by the Committee of
Claims to make sundry adverse reports, which
1 trust the gentleman i'rom Illinois [Mr. Wasu-
btrne] will not object to.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. My objec-
tion does not run in that line.
ROBERT I. KELLER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Tn
accordance with the instructions of the com-
