APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Message of the President.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
and execute its guarantees. Without the Con-
stitution we are nothing; by, through, and
under the Constitution we are what it makes
us. We may doubt the wisdom of the law, we
may not approve of its provisions, but we can-,
not violate it merely because it seems to con-
fine our powers within limits narrower than
we could wish. It is not a question of indi-
vidual, or class, or sectional interest, much
less of party predominance, but of duty—of
high ana sacred duty—which we are all sworn
to perform. If we cannot support the Consti-
tution with the cheerful alacrity, of those who
love and believe in it we must give to it at
least the fidelity of public servants who net
under solemn obligations and commands which
they dare not disregard.
The constitutional duty is not the only one
which requires the States 10 be restored. There
is another consideration, which, though of mi-
nor importance, is yet of great weight. On the
22d day of July, 18G1, Congress declared by an
almost unanimous vote of both Houses that
the war should be conducted solely for the pur-
pose of preserving the Union and maintaining
the supremacy of the Federal Constitution and
laws, without impairing the dignity, equality,
and rights of the States or of individuals, and
that when this was done the war'sliould ceasc.
I do not say that this declaration is personally
binding on those who joined in making it any
more than individual members of Congress are
personally bound to pay a public dcbtcieated
under a law for which they voted. But it was
a solemn, public, official pledge of the national
honor, and I cannot imagine upon whatgrounds
the repudiation of it is to be justified. If it be
said that we are not bound to keep faith with
rebels let it be remembered that this promise
was not made to rebels only. Thousands of
true men in the South were drawn to our stand-
ard by it, and hundreds of thousands in the
North gave their lives in the belief that it would
be carried out. It was made on the day after
the first great battle of the war had been fought
and lost. All patriotic and intelligent men
then saw the necessity of giving such an assur-
ance, and believed Unit without itthe war would
end in disaster to our cause. Having given
that assurance in the extremity of our peril, the
violation of it now in the day of our power
would be a rude rending of that good faith
which holds the moral world together; our
country would cease to have any claim upon
the confidence of men ; it would make the war
not only a failure, but a fraud.
Being sincerely convinced that these views
are correct, I would be unfaithful to my duty
if I did not recommend the repeal of the acts
of Congress which place ten of the southern
States under the domination of military mas-
ters. If calm reflection shall satisfy a majority
of your honorable bodies that, the acts referred
to are not only a violation of the national faith,
but in direct conflict with the Constitution, 1
dare not permit myself to doubt that you will
immediately strike them from the statute-book.
To demonstrate the unconstitutional char-
acter of those acts I need no more than refer
to their general provisions. It must be seen
at once that they are not authorized. To dic-
tate what alterations shall be made 111 the con-
stitutions of the several States ; to control the
elections of State legislators and State officers,
members of Congress and electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President, by arbitraiily declar-
ing who shall vote and who shall be excluded
from that privilege ; to dissolve State Legisla-
tures or prevent them from assembling ; to
dismiss judges and other civil functionaries of
the State, and appoint others without regard
to State law; to organize and operate all the
political machinery of the States ; to regulate
the whole administration of their domestic and
local affairs according to the mere will of
strange and irresponsible agents, sent among
them for that purpose; these are powers not
granted to the Federal Government or to any
one of its branches. Not being granted, we
violate our trust by assuming them as palpa-
bly as we would by acting in the face of a posi-
tive interdict; for the Constitution forbids us
to-do whatever it <loes not affirmatives-author-
ize, either by express words or by cleair impli-
cation. If "the authority we desire to use does
not come to us through the Constitution, we
can exorcise it only by usurpation ; and usurp-
ation is the most dangerous of political crimes.
By that crime the enemies of free government
in all ages have worked outtheir designs against
public liberty and private right. It leads
directly and immediately to the establishment
of absolute rule ; for undelegated power is
always unlimited and unrestrained.
The acts of Congress in question are not only
objectionable for their assumption of ungranted
power, but many of their provisions are in con-
flict with the direct prohibitions of the Consti-
tution. The Constitution commands that a
republican form of govemmentshall bo guaran-
tied to all the States ; that no person shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law, arrested without a judicial
warrant., or punished without a fair trial before
an impartial jury ; that the privilege of habeas
corpus shall not be denied in time of peace;
and that 110 bill of attainder shall be passed
even against a single individual. Yet the sys-
tem of measures established by these acts of
Congress does totally subvert and destroy the
form as well as the substance of republican
government in the ten States to which they
apply. Itbinds them hand and foot in absolute
slavery, and subjects tliem to a stuinge and hos-
tile power, more unlimited and more likely to be
abused than any other now known among civ-
ilized men. It tramples down all those rights
in which the essence of liberty consists, and
which a free government is always most care-
ful to protect. It denies the habeas corpus and
t he trial by jury. Personal freedom, properly,
and life, if assailed by the passion, the preju-
dice, or the rapacity of the ruler, have no
security whatever. It has the effect of a bill
of attainder, or bill of pains and penalties, not
upon a lew individuals, but upon whole masses,
including the millions who inhabit the subject
States, and even their unborn children. These
wrongs, being expressly forbidden, cannot be
constitutionally inflicted upon any portion of
our people, no matter how they may have come
williiu our jurisdiction, and no matter whether
they live in States, Territories, 01- districts.
I have no desiro to save from the proper and
just consequences of their great crime those
who engaged in rebellion against the Govern-
ment; but as a mode of punishment the meas-
ures under consideiation are the most unrea-
sonable that could be invented. Many of those
people are perfectly innocent; many kept their
fidelity to the Union untainted to the last; many
were incapable of any legal offense ; a large
proportion oven of the persons able to beat-
arms were forced into rebellion against their
will; and of those who are guilty with their own
consent, the degrees of guilt are as various as
the shades of their character and temper. But
these acts of Congress confound them all to-
gether in one common doom. Indiscriminate
vengeance upon classes, sects, and parties, or
upon whole communities, for offenses com-
mitted by a portion of them against the gov-
ernments to which they owed obedience, was
common in the barbarous ages of the world.
But Christianity and civilization have made
such progress that recourse to a punishment so
cruel and unjust would meet with the condem-
nation of all unprejudiced and right-minded
men. The punitive justice of this age, and
especially of this country, does not consist in
stripping whole States of their liberties, and
reducing all their people, without distinction,
to the condition of slavery. It deals sepa-
rately with each individual, confines itself to the
forms of law, and vindicates its own purity by
an impartial examination of every ease before
a competent judicial tribunal. If this does not
satisfy all our desires with regard to southern
rebels, let us console om-^idves by reflecting
that a free Constitution, triumphant in war and
unbroken in peace, is worth far more to us and
our children than the gratification of any pies-
ent feeling. _ .
I am aware that it is assumed that this system
of government for the southern States is not to
be perpetual. It is true this military govern-
ment is to be only provisional, but it is through
this temporary evil that a greater evil is to be
madesperpetual. If the guarantees of the Con-
stitution' can be brokeruprovisionally to serve
a temporary purpose, and in a part only of the
country, we can destroy them everywhere and
for al 1 time. Arbitrary measures often change,
but they generally change for the worse. It is
the curse of despotism that it has no halting
place. The intermitted exercise of its power-
brings no sense of security to its subjects; for
they'can never know what morethey will be
called to endure when its red right hand is
armed to plague them again. Nor is it possi-
ble to conjecture how or where power, unre-
strained by law, may seek its next victims.
The States that are still free may be enslaved
at any moment; for if the Constitution does
not protect all it protects none.
It is manifestly and avowedly the object of
these laws to confer upon negroes the privilege
of voting, and to disfranchise such a number
of white citizens as will give the former a clear
majority at all elections in the southern States.
This, to the minds of some persons, is so im-
portant that a violation of the Constitution is
justified as a means of bringing it about. The
morality is always false which excuses a wrong
because it proposes to accomplish a desirable
end. We arc not permitted to do evil that
good may come. But in this case the end
itself is evil, as well as the means. The sub-
jugation of the States to negro domination
would be worse than the military despotism
under which they are now suffering. It was
believed beforehand that the people would
endure any amount of military oppression, for
any length of time, ralher than degrade them-
selves by subjection to the negro race. There-
fore they have been left without a choice. Ne-
gro suffrage was established by act of Congress,
and the military officers were commanded to
superintend the process of clothing the negro
race with the political privileges torn from
white men.
The blacks in the South are entitled to be
well and humanely governed, and to have the
protection of just laws for all their rights of
person and property. If it were practicable at
this time to give them a government exclu-
sively their own, under which they might man-
age their own affairs in their own way, it would
become a grave question whether we ought to
do so, or whether common humanity would
not require us to save them from themselves.
But, under the circumstances, this is only a
speculative point. It is not proposed merely
that they shall govern themselves, but that they
shall rule the white race, make and administer
State laws, elect Presidents and members of
Congress, and shape, to a greater or less ex-
tent, the future destiny of the whole country.
Would such a trust and power be safe in such
hands?
The peculiar qualities which should charac-
terize any people who are fit, to decide upon the
management of public affairs for a great State
have seldom been combined. It is the glory of
white men to know that they have had these
qualities in sufficient measure to build upon
this continent a great political fabric, and to
pi eserve its stability for more than ninetv yi-.-u-s,
while m every other part of the world ull simi-
lar experiments have failed. But it" anything
can be proved by known facts—if all reasoning
upon evidence is not abandoned, it mtiht be
acknowledged that in the progress of nations
negroes have shown less capacity for govern-
