1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2527
grant of lands to the State of Iowa in alternate
sections to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State," approved May 12,1864; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the .Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
MISSISSIPPI AND YANCTON RAILROAD.
Mr. HOPKINS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1087) to grant lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the Mississippi river to
Yancton, on the Missou4 river, and to amend
an act entitled "An act for a grant of lands to
the State of Iowa in alternate sections to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said State,"
approved May 12, 1864; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. COBB introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 271) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
ORRVILLE AND VIRGINIA CITY RAILKOAD.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the memorial
of the Legislature of California, asking, for a
grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Orrville to Virginia City, which
I move be referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. I move that reference be-
cause I understand there is a bill now before
that committee for this grant of lands. That
is the only reason I have for asking it should
go to that committee.
Mr. HIGBY. Is not that bill before the
Committee on the Public Lands?
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe not. I will,
however, ask the chairman of the Committee
on the Public Lands for information.
Mr. JULIAN. It is already before the
Committee on the Public Lands,.and 1 move
this take the same reference.
The motion was agrped to ; and the, memorial
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
AMENDMENT OF THE HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1088) amendatory of an act entitled "An
act to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain," approved May 20, 1862,
and the acts amendatory thereof, approved
March 21, 1864, and June 21, 1866, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF SETTLERS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1089) for the relief of the inhabitants of towns
and villages in the Territories of New Mexico
and Arizona who settled upon public land;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
POST ROUTES IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1090) to establish certain post offices
and post roads in the Territory of New Mex-
ico ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
JOHN A. WIIITALL.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1091) for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Major John A. Whitall, late paymas-
ter in the United States Army, on account of
lost or stolen vouchers ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
DENVER AND SANTA JE RAILROAD.
Mr. CHILCOTT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1092) for the right of way and a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Denver, in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, to Santa F6, in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
LAWS OF COLORADO.
The SPEAKER presented a copy of the laws
of the Territory of Colorado; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories.
REBELLION RECORD.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 292) relative to the
rebellion record ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Library.
SARAII E. HERRING.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1093) for the relief of Sarah E. Herring;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred "to the Committee of Claims.
DEAN ADDISON WILLS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1094) granting a pension to Dean Addison
Wills ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
POST ROUTE IN INDIANA.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1095) to establish a certain post route in In-
diana ; which was read a first and secondtime,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
PURCHASE OF ALASKA.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent that
the further proceedings of the morning hour be
waived to allow the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to report upon the treaty for the pur-
chase of Alaska, in order that the report may
be referred to the Committee of the Whole, to
be taken up at such time hereafter as the House
may see fit.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope the regular order
will be proceeded vith.
The SPEAKER. The'gentleman from New
York objects.
Mr. ROBINSON. There will be plenty of
time.
RESOLUTIONS.
The call of the States for bills having been
completed, the House proceeded, as the next
business in order, to the call of the States and
Territories for resolutions, commencing with
the Stale of Ohio, where the call rested last
Monday morning.
ACTION Or MISSOURI DELEGATION.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I offer the following
preamble and resolution, apd demand the pre-
vious question thereon -.
Whereas it appears by the following letter, purport-
ing to have been written and addressed by seven
members of this House to one of the Senators of the
United States, which is published in the daily Na-
tional Intelligencer, published in the city of Wash-
ington, to wit:
Washington, May 12, 1868.
Sis: On a consultation of the Republican mem-
bers of the Houso of Representatives from Missouri,
in view ot your position on the impeachment articles,
we ask you to withhold your vote on any article upon
which you cannot vote affirmatively. This request
is made because wo believe the safety of the loyal
people of the United States demands the immediate
removal of Andrew Johnson from the office of Presi-
dent of the United States.
Respectfully, GEORGE W. ANDERSON,
WILLIAM A. PILE,
C. A. NEWCOMB.
JOSEPH W. McCLURG,
BENJAMIN F. LOAN,
JOHN F. BENJAMIN.
JOSEPH J. GRAVELY.
Hon. John B. Henderson, United States Senate.
that a combination of the Representatives aforesaid
has been entered into to improperly infiuenco the
Senator aforesaid in his judgment and decision in the
impeachment now pending and undetermined in the
Senato: Therefore,
liesolved, That a select committee of five he ap-
pointed to investigate all the circumstances of the
writing of said letter, whether the same was written
to eorruptor improperly influence the judgment and
decision of said Senator, and to report what action,
if any, the House ought to take with reference thereto;
and that said committee be authorized to send for
persons and papers, that they be authorized to sit
during the sessions of the House, and that the com-
mittee bo instructed to report, without unnecessary
delay, at any time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. Is not this the same
resolution as the one I introduced as a ques-
tion of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It is not exactly the same.
The Chair will state to the gentleman from
Wisconsin that although the Chair ruled that it
was not a question of privilege, yet when the
States are called regularly for resolutions the
gentleman has a right to offer the resolution,
whether it is a question of privilege or not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to add to his resolution a
provision for an investigation relative to the
telegram sentby his colleague, [Mr. Schenck,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. Let that be investigated at the same
time.
Mr. EGGLESTON. This resolution, I will
say, has been introduced at the request of the
members from Missouri, and I do not wish to
interfere with it by getting any Ohio member
mixed up with it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed the gentle-
man introduced it for the purpose of getting
to be chairman of the committee, so as to get
just such a report as he thinks would be agree-
able to his side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
debatable.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio, who offered
this resolution.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I observe that in draft-
ing the resolution the words " it is alleged "
have been omitted.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is what I was about
to suggest.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will modify the reso-
lution by inserting the words "it is alleged
that" before the words "it appears."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the gentle-
man mangling my resolution. He is mistaken
in supposing that the words "itis alleged"
are necessary. It should read "it appears."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
did not present an exact transcript of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to inquire if the words
"it appears" are still in the resolution?
Mr. PAINE. The words "it appears" are
still in the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as it has
been modified, will be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me to suggest that
the words "it is alleged" would apply to the
letter, and the Chair ruled that the letter did
not allege any such thing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so rule.
The gentleman will please quote the Chair cor-
rectly. The gentleman stated that the letter
did show corruption, and the Chair stated that
in his opinion the letter did not show it, but
that he would submit the question to the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood that to be
the opinion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not rule it.
He stated it as an expression of his opinion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I will modify my
statement, and say that the Chair so expressed
his opinion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair left it for the
House to determine.
Mr. PAINE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. EGGLESTON. And so do I.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll. _
Mr. ROSS. I presume the Missouri dele-
gation can vote on this question, can they not?
The SPEAKER. The roll-call cannot be
interrupted. The Clerk will proceed with the
call.
