186*?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
merit than any other race of people. No inde-
pendent Government of any form has ever been
successful in their hands. On the contrary,
wherever they have been left to their own
devicps they have shown a constant tendency
to relapse into barbarism. In the southern
States, however, Congress has undertaken to
confer upon them the privilege of the ballot.
Just released from slavery, it may be doubted
whether, as a class, they know more than their
ancestors how to organize and regulate civil
society. Indeed, it is admitted that the blacks
of the South are not only regardless of the
rights of property, but so utterly ignorant of
public affairs that their voting can consist in
nothing more than carrying a ballot to the
place where they are directed to deposit it.
I need not remind you that the exercise of
the elective franchise is the highest attribute
of an American citizen, and that, when guided
by virtue, intelligence, patriotism, and a proper
appreciation of our free institutions, it con-
stitutes the true basis of a democratic form
of government, in which the sovereign power
is lodged in the body of the people. A trust
artificially created, not for its own sake, bub
solely as a means of promoting the general
welfare, its influence for good must necessarily
depend upon the elevated character and true
allegiance of the elector. It ought, therefore,
to-be reposed in none except those who are
fitted morally and mentally to administer it
well; for if conferred upon persons who do
not justly estimate its value, and who are indif-
ferent as to its results, it will only serve as a
means of placing power in the hands of the
unprincipled and ambitious, and must eventu-
ate in the complete destruction of that liberty
of which it should be the most powerful con-
servator. I have, therefore, heretofore urged
upon your attention the great danger "to be
apprehended from an untimely extension of the
elective franchise to any new class in our coun-
try, especially when the large majority of that
class, in wielding the power thus placed in
their hands, cannot be expected correctly to
comprehend the duties and responsibilities
which pertain to suffrage. Yesterday, as it
were, four million persons were held in a condi-
tion of slavery that had existed for general ions :
to-day they are freemen, and are assumed by law
to be citizens. It cannot be presumed, from
their previous condition of servitude, that, as a
class, they are as well informed as to the nature
of our Government as the intelligent foreigner
who makes our land the home of his choice.
In the case of the latter, neither a residence
of five years, and the knowledge of our insti-
tutions which it gives, nor attachment to the
principles of the Constitution, are the only con-
ditions upon which he can be admitted to citi-
zenship. He must prove, in addition, a good
moral character, and thus give reasonable
ground for the belief that he will be faithful to
the obligations which he assumes as a citizen
of the Republic. Wtiere a people—the source
of all political power—speak, by their suffrages,
through the instrumentality of the ballot-box,
it must be carefully guarded against the con-
trol of those who are corrupt in principle and
enemies of free institutions, for it can only
become to our political and social system a
safe conductor of healthy popular sentiment
when kept free from demoralizing influences.
Controlled, through fraud and usurpation, by
the designing, anarchy and despotism must
inevitably follow. In the hands of the patriotic
and worthy, our Government will be preserved
upon the principles of the Constitution inherited
from our fathers. It follows, therefore, that in
admitting to the ballot-box a new class of
voters not qualified for the exercise of the
elective franchise, we weaken our system of-
Government, instead of adding to its strength
and durability." " I yield t.o no one in attach-
ment to that rule of general suffrage which
distinguishes our policy as a nation. But there
is a limit, wisely observed hitherto, which
makes the ballot a privilege and a trust, and
which requires of some classes a time suitable
for probation and preparation. To give it
indiscriminately to a new class wholly unpre-
pared by previous habits and opportunities to
perform the trust which it demands is to
degrade it, and finally to destroy its power; for
it may be safely assumed that no political truth
is better established than that such indiscrim-
inate and all-embracing extension of popular
suffrage must end at last in its overthrow and
destruction."
I repeat the expression of my willingness to
join in any plan within the scope of our con-
stitutional authority which promises to better
the condition of the negroes in the South, by
encouraging them in industry, enlightening
their minds, improving their morals, and giv-
ing protection to all their just rights as freed-
men. But the transfer of our political inherit-
ance to them would, in my opinion, be an
abandonment of a duty which we owe alike to
the memory of our fathers and the rights of
our children.
The plan of putting the southern States
wholly, and the General Government partially,
into the hands of negroes, is proposed at a
time peculiarly unpropitious. The foundations
of society have been broken up by civil war.
Industry must be reorganized, justice reestab-
lished, public credit maintained, and order
brought out of confusion. To accomplish
these ends would require all the wisdom and
virtue of the great men who formed our insti-
tutions originally. I confidently believe that
their descendants will be equal to the arduous
task before them, but it is worse than madness
to expect that negroes will perform it for us.
Certainly we ought not to ask their assistance
until we despair of our own competency.
The great difference between the two races
in physical, mental, and moral characteristics
will prevent an amalgamation or fusion of them
together in one homogeneous mass. If the
inferior obtains the ascendency over the other,
it will govern with reference only to its own
interests—for it will recognize no common in-
terest—and create such a tyranny as this con-
tinent has never yet witnessed. Already the
negroes are influenced by promises of confisca-
tion and plunder. They are taught to regard
as an enemy every white man who has any
respect for the rights of his own race. If this
continues, it must become worse and worse,
until all order will be subverted, all industry
cease, and the fertile fields of the South grow
up into a wilderness. Of all the dangers which
our nation has yet encountered none are equal
to those which must result from the success of
the effort now making to Africanize the half of
our country.
I would not put considerations of money in
competition with justice and right. But the
expenses incident to ''reconstruction" under
the system adopted by Congress aggravate
what I regard as the intrinsic wrong of the
measure itself. It has cost uncounted millions
already, and if persisted in will add largely to
the weight of taxation, already too oppressive
to be borne without just complaint, and may
finally reduce the Treasury of the nation to a
condition of bankruptcy. We must not delude
ourselves. It will require a strong standing
army, and probably more than two hundred
million dollars per annum to maintain the
supremacy of negro govern ments after they are
established. The sum thus thrown away would,
if properly used, form a sinking fund large
enough to pay the whole national debt in less
than fifteen years. It is vain to hope that
negroes will maintain their ascendency them-
selves. Without military power they are wholly
incapable of holding in subjection the white
people of the South.
I submit to the judgment of Congress whether
the public credit may not be injuriously affected
by a system of measures like this. With our
debt, and the vast private interests which are
complicated with it, we cannot be too cautious
of a policy which might, by possibility, impair
the confidence of the world in our Govern-
ment. That confidence can only be retained
by carefully inculcating the principles of jus-
tice and honor on the popular mind, and by
the most scrupulous fidelity to all our engage-
ments of every sort. Any serious breach of
the organic law persisted in for a considerable
time cannot but create fears for ttie stability
of our institutions. Habitual violation of pre-
scribed rules which we bind ourselves to ob-
serve must demoralize the people. Our only
standard of civil duty being set at naught, the
sheet-anchor of our political morality is lost,
the public conscience swings from its moor-
ings and yields to every impulse of passion
and interest. If we repudiate the Constitution
we will not be expected to care much for mere
pecuniary obligations. The violation of such
a pledge as we made on the 22d day of July,
1801, will assuredly diminish the market value
of our other promises. Besides, if we now
acknowledge that the national debt was cre-
ated, not to hold the States in the Union, as
the tax-payers were led to suppose, but to
expel them from it and hand them over to be
governed by negroes, the moral duty to pay it
may seem much less clear. I say it may seem
so; for I do not admit that this or any other
argument in favor of repudiation can be enter;
tained as sound; but its influence on some
classes of minds may well be apprehended.
The financial honor of a great commercial
nation, largely indebted, and with a repub-
lican form of government administered by
agents of the popular choice, is a thing of sneh
delicate texture, and the destruction of it
would be followed by such unspeakable calam-
ity, that every true patriot must desire to avoid
whatever might expose it to the slightest
danger.
The great interests of the country require
immediate relief from these enactments. Busi-
ness in the South is paralyzed by a sense of
general insecurity, by the terror of confisca-
tion, and the dread of negro supremacy. The
southern trade, from which the North would
have derived so great a profit under a govern-
ment of law, still languishes, and can never be
revived until it ceases to bo fettered by the
arbitrary power which makes all its operations
unsafe. That rich country—the richest in nat-
ural resources the world ever saw—is worse
than lost if it be not soon placed under the
protection of a free Constitution. Instead of
being, as it ought to be, a source of wealth
and power, it will become an intolerable bur-
den upon the rest of the nation.
Another reason for retracing our steps will
doubtless be seen by Congress in the late man-
ifestations of public opinion upon this subject.
We live in a country where the popular will
always enforces obedience to itself, sooner or
later. It is vain to think of opposing it with
anything short of legal authority, backed by
overwhelming force. It cannot have escaped
your attention that from the day on which
Congress fairly and formally presented the
proposition to govern the southern States by
military force, with a view to the ultimate
establishment of negro supremacy, every
expression of the general sentiment, has been
more or less adverse to it. The affections of
this generation cannot be detached from the
institutions of their ancestors. Their determ-
ination to preserve the inheritance of free
government in their own hands and transmit
it undivided and unimpaired to their own pos1-
terily is too strong to be successfully opposed.
Every weaker passion will disappear^ before
that love of liberty and law for which the
American people are distinguished above all
others in the world.
How far the duty of the President to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution'1
j requires him to go in opposing an unconstitu-
1 tional act of Congress is a very serious and
