1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mittee, I move that the Committee of Claims
be discharged from the farther consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 209) for the relief of
Robert I. Keller, of Neosho, Missouri, and
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
(hat the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the following
petitions, and that the "same be laid on the
table:
Petition of Willis Arnold, of Tennessee, for
compensation for cotton taken from him and
used for breast-works, and in consequence de-
stroyed ;
Petition of R. Walsh, of Memphis, for relief;
Petition of Henry Jenks, asking compensa-
tion for services as collector of internal reve-
nue in the sixth district of Ohio ;
Petition of Otis A. Whitehead, for relief;
Petition of Lyman L. Swan, for allowances
under the act of March 3, 18G5;
Petition of General W. J. Smith, for dam-
ages done during the.war;
Petition of Joseph Ballou, for property de-
stroyed by United States troops ; and
Petition of R. C. Jones, for extra allowance
for services rendered.
The motion to discharge and lay on the table
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the Committee
of Claims also he discharged from the further
consideration of the following petitions, and
that the same be laid on the table :
Petition of the heirs of Philip Johnson, for
the payment ®f the seven years' back pay, pro-
vided in the resolution of August 24, 1780;
Petition of officers and men of the fiftieth
regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers, for prop-
erly lost at sea;
Petition of Josiah M. Christy, for payment
for sutlers' stores taken by officers and fur-
nished to troops; and
Petition of Henry Knight and Jolm P. Hax,
praying indemnity for damages sustained in
consequence of the impressment of their teams
at Cottonwood Post and Julesburg by United
States authority.
The motion to discharge and lay on the table
was agreed to.
.TOSEPII IIILL AND SONS.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the committee
be also discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill (H. II. No. 330) for the relief
of Joseph Hill & Sons, and that the same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ISRAEL I>. RICHARDSON.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to report back to the
House, with a recommendation that the same
do pass, Senate bill No. 802, for the relief of
the heirs of Major General I. B. Richardson,
deceased. As this bill appropriates some four
hundred dollars, and a single objection will
defeat the present consideration of the bill, I
trust no gentleman will raise a pointof order on
this bill until the bill and accompanying report
may be read.
The bill was read at length, it provides
that there shall be paid out of the Treasury to
Mrs. Frances S. Richardson, widow of the late
Major General I. B. Richardson, in trust for
Israel P. Richardson, minor child and heir of
said General Richardson, the sum of $400 in
full for compensation for one mule and four
horses stolen by the Apache Indians from the
deceased in 1852 while on duty in New Mexico,
as an officer of the United States Army.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time. _
Mr. HOLMAN. The Committee of Claims
have adopted the report made to the Senate
by their Committee on Claims, as stating very
briefly the circumstances of the case. I ask
that the leport be read.
The report, which was read^ states that
Frances S. Richardson is the widow of the
late Major General I. B. Richardson, who was
mortally wounded while leading his command
to victory at the battle of Antietam, and who
died November 3, 1802, leaving one son, named
Israel P. Richardson, and now aged five years.
In 1852, Major General Richardson, then major
by brevet of the third infantry, was stationed
in New Mexico, and while on duty there on
the 7th day of February, 1852, the Apache In-
dians stole from him one black mule. On the
8th of September following they stole from him
two light sorrel-colored horses, and on the 1st
of November following they stole two dun-
colored horses. The value of the property so
taken is proved to have been §400. Under
the seventeenth section of the act of June 30,
1864, Mrs. Richardson asks that compensa-
tion be made to her in trust for her son. The
committee think that such compensation ought
to be made.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope that this bill will
be passed without a dissenting voice.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES PITCHER.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back a bill (H. It. No. 209) for the
relief of Charles Pitcher, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that it is shown by a duplicate issued by
T. A. Walker, as register of the land office at
Fort Des Moines, Iowa, dated August 12,1857,
that Charles Pitcher, now of Marseilles, La
Salle county, Illinois, deposited with Walker
bounty-land warrant No. 20904 for one hun-
dred and twenty acres, issued in favor of Nancy
Bishop, under act of March 3, 1855, and as-
signed to said Charles Pitcher for location in
his name on the west half of the northwest
fourth, and northwestfourth of southwest fourth
of section six, township seventy-nine north, of
range thirty-two west, containing one hundred
and thirty-three and one one hundredth acres;
that Pitcher paid to the receiver of public
moneys for that district $10 25 as an excess
due on the location; that the location was not
made by the register and duly reported to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
patenting, and that the greater portion of the
tract above described was subsequently entered
by and patented to another person.
The bill, therefore, proposes to authorize
Charles Pitcher, his heirs or legal representa-
tives, to enter, free of cost, at any of the Uni-
ted States district land offices in one body one
hundred and twenty acres of public land sub-
ject to entry at private sale at $1 25 per acre,
in lieu of and in satisfaction for said bounty-
land warrant No. 20004.
The second section provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall
cause to be paid to Charles Pitcher, his heirs
and legal representatives, in the usual form, for
repayment of moneys paid for land errone-
ously sold, the sum of §10 25, paid by him for
the excess as above stated.
Mr. COBB. I send to the Clerk to be read
a letter from the Commissioner of the_ General
Land Office, which will explain this whole
matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
General Laxd Office. February 13,1867.
Sir: In compliance with your request of yesterday.
I have to state that it appears, from a duplicate cer-
tificate and affidavits of Charles Pitcher and P. II.
Grave?, filed by you, that said Charles Pitcher, un-
der date of Ausust 12,1857, at the land office at Fort
Des Moines. Iowa, did surrender to tho resistor of
said land officebounty-land vrairant (act of 1855) jNo.
26903 for one hundred and twenty acres in favor of
Nancy Bishop, for location in his(Pitcher's)nameon
the west half of northwest quarter and northwest
quarter of southwest quarter of section fcix, township
seventy-nine north, range thirty-two west, containing
one hundred and thirty-three and one one hundredth
acres, and paid to tiie receiver of public moneys tor
that district $16 25 for the excess in quantity of land
over and above tho face of the said oric-hundreu-anu
twenty acre land warrant. It does not, however,
appear, from the records of this office, that this .or
any other location of said warra ot No. 28901 was ever
reported here from the district land otiicc, or tliat
the warrant has in any manner ever reached this
office.
The tract, so far as is shown by the records of this
and the office at Des Moines, remained vacant until
October 16,1861, at which time one Morgan Hodge
located the southwest quarter of northwest quarter
and northwest quarter of southwest quarter of said
section (or eighty acres of the tract in question) with
bounty-land warrant (net ofl855) No.44635for eighty
acres, and in the absence ot any knowledge by this
office at that time of Mr. Pitcher's claim, a patent
was issued to him for the tract.
As requested by you, I herewith inclose a draft of
a bill for Mr. Pitcher's relief.
lam, sir, very respectfully, yonr obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. B. C. Cook, House of Representatives.
Mr. COBB. I presume no gentleman desires
to discuss this bill, and I call the previous
question.
Tlie previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof tho bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider he laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHAEL C. ELLIOTT.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversly upon the petition
for the relief of Michael C. Elliott; which was
laid on tho table.
JANE II. BRISCOE.
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
reported adversly on the petition of Jane IT.
Briscoe, praying compensation for damages
done by the Army ; and the same was laid on
the table.
ADAM IIAItDT.
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
also reported adversely on the petition of Adam
Hardt, for the adjustment of claims against the
Government; and the same was laid on the
table.
CAPTAIN A. COVATS.
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of Captain
A. Covals,tobe reimbursed for losses'sustained
by the burning of the United States general
hospital at Camp Butler, Illinois.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I should like to
have some explanation from the Committee
of Claims upon what ground that claim has
been reported on adversely.
Mr. HARDING. This Captain A. Covats
was attached to the Veteran Reserve corps,
and was on duty at the general hospital at
Camp Butler, in Illinois, when that building
was consumed by fire. ITe lost his sword, coat,
and wardrobe, and he claims to be compensated
for that loss. The Government, so far, has not
seen any rule safe to follow in reference to
making compensation in this class of cases.
Tho cases are quite numerous where soldiers
have sustained losses of their wardrobe in
battle and in camp. I have made an adverse
report in this case, and move that it be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
HON. GEORGE W. BRIDGES.
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (II. II. No. 834) for the
relief of Hon. George W. Bridges; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Treasurer
of the United States to pay to Hon. George W.
Bridges, a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress from the State of Tennessee, the sum
of $1,685 10 out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, in full compensa-
tion as a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress. for loss of time occasioned by his arrest
by tiie rebel authorities while on his way to
the capital.
Mr. HARDING. The Third Auditor of the
