THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may consider the "term" to be that of Presi-
dent Lincoln, and then Mr. Stanton would be
protected in office until one menth after the
4th March next. But whether the "term" be
of Andrew Johnson or of President Lincoln,
he is equally protected.
Great efforts have been made to show, that
Mr. Stanton does not eome within the special
protection of the proviso, without considering
the irresistible consequence that he is then
within the general protection of the statute,
being "a person boldingacivil office." Turn
him out of the proviso and he falls into the
statute, unless you are as imaginative as one
of the apologists, who placed him in a sort of
intermediate limbo. But the imagination of
this conception cannot make us insensible to
its ineffable absurdity. It is utterly unreason-
able, and every construction must be rejected
which cannot stand the touch-stone of common
sense.
THE SUSPENSION* OK MR. STtVrOX RECOGNIZED HIM
AS PROTECTED BY THE STATUTE.
Here I might close this part of the case: but
there is still another illustration. In suspend-
ing Mr. Stanton from office as long ago as
August the President himself recognized that
he was protected by the statute. The facts are
familiar. The President, in formal words, un-
dertook to say that the suspension was by virtue
of the Constitution ; but this was a dishonest
pretext in harmony with so much in his career.
Whatever he may say, his acts speak louder
than his words. In sending notice of the sus-
pension to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
then again in sending a message to the Senate
assigning his reasons for the suspension, both
being according to the requirements of the
statute, he testified that, in hisjudgmentatthat
time, Mr. Stanton came within its protection.
If not, why thus elaborately comply with its
requirements? Why the notice to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury? Why the reasons to the
Senate? All this was novel and without ex-
ample. Why write to General Grant of ''being
sustained" by the Senate? The approval or
disapproval of the Senate could make no dif-
ference in the exercise of the power which he
now sets up. The approval could not confirm
the suspension ; the disapproval could not re-
store the suspended Secretary of War. In fine,
why suspetid at all ? Why exercise the power
of suspension when the President sets up the
power of removal ? If Mr. Stanton was unfit
for office and a thorn in his side, why not re-
move him at once ? Why resort to this long
and untried experiment merely to remove at
last? There is but one answer. Beyond all
question thePresidentthoughtMr. Stanton pro-
tected by the statute, and sought to remove him
according to its provisions, beginning, there-
fore, with his suspension. Failing in this, he
undertook to remove him in contravention of
the statute, relying in justification on his pre-
tension to judge of its constitutionality or the
pusillanimity of Congress or something else
"to turn up" which should render justification
unnecessary.
Clearly the suspension was made under the
tenure-of-office act and can be justified in no
other way. From this conclusion the follow-
ing dilemma results : Jf Mr. Stanton was with.n
the statute, by what light was he removed ? If
he was not, by what right was he suspended?
The President may choose his horn. Either
will be sufficient to convict.
I should not proceed further under this head
but for the new device, which makes its ap-
pearance under the auspices of the Senator
ii-om Maine, [Mr. Fessexdex,] who tellsus that
•'whether Mr. Stanton came under the first
section of the statute or not, the President had
a clear right to suspetid him under the second."
Thus, a statute, intended as a bridle on the
President, gives to the President the power to
suspend Mr. Stanton, but fails to give to Mr.
Stanton any protection against the President.
This statement would seem to be enough. The
invention of the Senator is not less fallacious
than the pretext of the President. It is a device
well calculated to help the President and to
hurt Mr. Stanton, with those who regard devices
more than the reason of the statute and its
spirit.
Study the statute in its reason and its spirit,
and you cannot fail to see that the second sec-
tion was intended merely as a pendant to the
first and was meant to apply to the cases in-
cluded in the first and none other. It was a
sort of safety-valve, or contrivance to guard
against the possible evils from bad men who'
could not be removed during the recess of the
Senate. There was 110 ieason to suspend a
person who could be removed. It is absurd to
suppose that a President would resort to a
dilatory and roundabout suspension when the
short cut of removal was open to him. Con-
struing the statute by this plain reason its
second section must have precisely the same
sphere of operation as the first. By the letter
Mr. Stanton falls within both; by the intention
it is the same. It is only by applying to the
first section his oivn idea of the intention and
by availing himself of the letter of the second,
that the Senator is able to limit the one and to
enlarge the other, so as to exclude Mr. Stan-
ton from the protection of the statute, and to
include him in the part allowing suspensions.
Applying either letter or spirit consistently, the
case is plain.
T turn for the present from the tenure-of-
office act, insisting that Mr. Stanton is within
its protection, and being so, that his removal
was. under the circumstances, a high misde-
meanor, aggravated by its defiant purpose and
the long series of transgressions which pre-
ceded it, all showing a enmiual intent. The
apologies of the President will be considered
hereafter.
the substitution of thomas ad interim.
The case of Mr. Stanton has two branches:
first, his removal, and, secondly, the substitu-
tion of General Thomas as Secretary of War
ad interim. As the first was contrary to pos-
itive statute, so also was the latter without
support in the acts of Congress. For the pres-
ent I content myself with this latter proposi-
tion, without opening the question of the pow-
ers of the President under the Constitution.
The offender lests his case on the act of
Congress of February 18, 1795, (1 Statides-at-
Large, 415.) which authorizes the President,
"in case of' vacancy in the office of Secretary
of War, whereby he cannot perform the duties
of said office," to appoint " any person" until
a successor be appointed or such vacancy be
filled ; and the supply of the vacancy is lim-
ited to six months. Under this early statute
the President defends himself by insisting that
there was a "vacancy," when, in fact, there
was none. All this is in that unfailing spirit
of prerogative which is his guide. Here is an
assumption of power. In point of fact, Mr.
Stanton was at his office quietly discharging
its duties, when the President assumed that
there was a "vacancy" mid forthwith sent the
valiant Adjutant General to enter upon pos-
session. The assumption and the commission
were on a par. There is nothing in any law
ofthelandto sanction either. Each testifies
against the offender.
The hardihood of this proceeding becomes
more apparent, when it is understood, that this
very statute of 1795, on which the offender
relies, was repealed by the statute of February
20. 1863, passed in our own day and freshly
remembered by many of us. Ihe latter stat-
ute by necessaiy implication obliterated the
former. Such is the obvious intention, and I
do not hesitate to say, that any other construc-
tion leads into those absurdities which consti-
tute the staple of the presidential apologists.
The object of Congress was to provide a substi-
tute for previous statutes, restricting at once
the number of vacancies which might be filled
and the persons who might fill them. And this
was done.
As by the Constitution, all appointments must
receive the consent of the Senate, therefore
any legislation in derogation thereof must be
construed strictly; but the President insists
that it shall be extended even m face of the
constitutional requirement. To spclx nretep-
sions is he'driven. The exception
by the Constitution is only where a V&ffiMfey
occ'iirs during the recess of the Senatfe'/ wfcSn
the President is' authorized to appoint until'|e
can obtain the consent of the Senate and'no
longer. It is obvious, however, thatcaglsrjtfiy
arise where a sudden accident vacateSitt'oi|t8e
or where the incumbent "istemporarily disa-
bled. Here was theoccasion for an ad interim
appointment, and the repealing statute embody-
ing the whole law of the subject, was intended
to provide for such cases; securing fd"tHe
President time to select a successor, and also
power to provide for a temporary disability.
Such is the underlying principle of this statute,
which it is for us to apply on the present oc-
casion. The expiration or a commission, which
ordinary care can foresee, is not one of these
sudden emergencies for which provision iriiist
be made; and, assuming that vacancies by
removal were contemplated, which must be de-
nied, it is plain that the delay required for the
examination of the case would give time'to
select a successor, while a removal without
cause would never be made until a successor
was ready. ' "
Look now at the actual facts and you will
see how little they come within the reason'of an
ad, interim appointment. Evidently the Pres-
ident had resoived to remove Mr. Stanton last
summer. Months passed, and he did not con-
summate his purpose till February. All the
intervening time was his to select a successor,
being a period longer than the longest fixed for
the duration of an ad interim appointment
by the very statutes under which he professed
to act. In conversation with General Sher-
man, a month before the removal, he showed
that he was then looking for a successor
ad interim. Why not a permanent successor?
It took him only a day to find Mr. Ewing.
If, as there is- reason to suppose, Mr. Ewing
was already selected, when General Thomas
was pushed forward, why appoint General
Thomas at all f Why not, in the usual way,
send in Mr. liwing's name as the successor?
For the excellent reason, that the offender
knew the Senate would not confirm him, and
that, therefore, Mr. Stanton would remain in
office; whereas through an ad interim appoint-
ment ho might obtain possession of the War
Department, which was his end and aim. The
ad interim, appointment of General Thomas
was, therefore, an attempt to obtain posses-
sion of an office without the consent of the
Senate, precisely because the offender knew
that he could not oblatn that consent. And all
this was under the pretext of an act of Cou-
gress, which, alike in letter and spirit, was
inapplicable to the case.
Thus does it appear, that, while Mr. Stan-
ton was removed in violation of the tenure-of-
office act, General Thomas was appointed Sec-
lelary of War ad interim in equal derogation
of the acts of Congress regulating the subject.
kemovai, axb substitution ad interim -a violation
of the constitution.
It remains to consider if the removal and
substitution were not each in violation of the
Constitution. The case is new, for never until
now could it arise. Assuming that the tenure-
of-ofiice act does not protect Mr. Stauton, who
is thus left hung up in the limbo between the
body of the act and the proviso, then the Pres-
ident is remitted to his prerogative under the
Constitution, and he must be judged accord-
ingly, independent of statute. Finding the
power of removal there, he may be justified;
but not finding it there, he must bear the con-
sequences. And here the tetiMre-oJ-ofjice act
J'urnihil cs a living and practical construction of
the Constitution from, which there is no appeal.
From the Constitution it appears that the
power of appointment is vested in the Presi-
dent and Senate conjointly, and that nothing
is said of the power of removal, exceptin case
of impeachment, when it is made by the Senate.
Therefore the power of removal is not ex-
press, but implied only, and must exist if at
all. as a nccessary consequence of the power
