3552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
were severally read twice by their titles, ;uid
referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. It. No. 1027) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Black river,
in Lorain county, Ohio—le the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (H. It. No. 1322) for the relief of
Major P. F. Stevens, assistant paymaster Uni-
ted States Army—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. it. No. 1824) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary Harris, of Oregon—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (H. 11. No. 1325) for the relief of
Benjamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings—to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 313) respect-
ing treaties hereafter to be made between the
United States and the Indian tribes—to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 314) for the
relief of George D. Blakey, late collector of
the second district of Kentucky—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
assistant librarian op the iiousb.
_ The joint resolution (H. R. No. 312) rela-
tive to the pay of the Assistant Librarian of the
House was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to hear a statement, and by unanimous
consent to allow that resolution to pass at the
present time. It is to give executiou to a res-
olution of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are not going into
executive session, I want to go on with my
remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; let
the resolution lie on the table. I will call it up
again.
leave of absence.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave of absence for
Mr. Rick, of Arkansas. I should like to have
the leave of absence extended from the 23d of
this month to the 10th of July. He was neces-
sarily called away.
Leave was granted.
reports from committees.
_Mr. MORRILL; of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1073) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1869, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. SPItAGUE, from the - Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 573) to provide for a life boat to be sta-
tioned on Narragansett beach, Rhode Island,
reported it without amendment.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
818) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30. 1860, and for other purposes;
which \yas referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
printing of a document.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
Executive Document No. 240, II. It., parts one and
two, bo printed lor tho use of the Senate.
exhibition of 8tbam-plow.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Meiolvcd, That the Committee on Agriculture in-
quire into tho expediency of procuring the best steam-
plow and apparatus for exhibition on grounds of tho
Department of Agriculture.
executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
question of going into executive session the
yeas are 22, and the nays 18 ; so the motion is
agreed to.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business ; and, after
some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 27, 18G8.'
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. A. L. Lindsley, of South Salem, New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
pay of assistant librarian.
Mr. BLAINE. A resolution in regard to
the pay of the Assistant Librarian in charge
of the Hall Library, was passed yesterday, by
mistake, as a simple House resolution. I ask
unanimous consent that it be considered as a
joint resolution, and sent to the Senate for
action.
No objection was made; and accordingly,
by unanimous consent, the joint resolution (I'L
R. No. 312) in relation to the pay of the Assist-
ant Librarian of the House was read a first, sec-
ond, and third time, and passed.
payment of bounties.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War,, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives of the 15th and the 22d instant, a report
from the Paymaster General as to the number
of bounties paid under the act of July 28, 1866,
since tho 1st of July last; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
officers in quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, concurring in the recom-
mendation of the Quartermaster General and
the General of the 'Army, relative to majors and
captains in the quartermaster's department,
for the repeal of the act of July 28, 18CG, re-
ducing the number of said officers ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
obstructions in delaware river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a petition
from the Board of Marine Underwriters, &c.,
of Philadelphia, with a report by the chief of
engineers, for an appropriation of $6,000 for
the removal of certain obstructions in the Del-
aware river ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
light-house at blackrock, connecticut.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting a letter from the Light-House Board, rel-
ative to a light-house at Blackroek, Connecti-
cut, recommending its erection ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
SARAH A. BRIGGS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1316) granting' a pen-
sion to Sarah A. Briggs; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
E. a. CAINE.
Mr. PAINE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H- R. No. 1317) granting a
pension to E. It. Caine: which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
leave of absence.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say that I have
received a letter from my colleague, [Mr.
Cook,] saying that he is too unwell to return
at the time he had expected. I ask an exten-
sion of his leave of absence for tour days.
Leave was granted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Tabek] has been called home by
sickness in his family. He desired the Chair
to ask indefinite leave of absence for him.
Leave was granted.
The SPEAKER also asked and obtained
indefinite leave of absence for Mr. McCormick.
treaties with inbian tribes.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 313)
respecting treaties hereafter to be made be-
tween the United States and the Indian tribes;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire that this resolution
shall be considered at the present time.
The joint resolution, which was read, recites
in the preamble that sundry treaties between
the United States and different Indian tribes
have heretofore been concluded, by virtue of
which large bodies of land have been trans-
ferred to individuals and corporations in con-
travention of the spirit and policy of the pre-
emption and homestead laws of the United
States; and that the lands now known as Indian
reservations, on the extinguishment of the
Indian title thereto, should become the prop-
erty of the United States and a part of the
public domain thereof, and cannot rightfully be
disposed of otherwise. The joint resolution
therefore provides that in any treaty which may
hereafter be concluded between the United
States and any Indian tribe, by which the title
of such tribe to their lands shall be divested,
the same shall be conveyed directly to the
United States, and shall thenceforward be sub-
ject to the authority of Congress iti the same
manner as all other public lands.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rebecca j. sheppard.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1318) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a new bond
to Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia, in
place of one destroyed by fire; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the reference of the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this bill should be
referred to the Committee of Claims, that
committee having a number of similar cases
under consideration. It is proper that some
uniform rule should be applied in these cases.
Mr. MYERS. This bill appropriately be
longs to the Committee of Ways and Means
It has heretofore been considered by that com
mittee and passed by the House, but the Sen
ate failed to pass it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on the
reference of the bill to the Committee of
Claims, though I think that is the proper refer-
ence.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain dan. ellis.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
No. 47-1, for the relief of Captain Dan. Ellis,
with the recommendation that it be passed.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates
the sum of $3,060 to Captain Dan. Ellis, of
Carter county, in the State of Tennessee, in
compensation for his services as scout, pilot,
and recruiting agent, volunteered in the cause
of the Government from 1861 to 1865, during
the late war.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
