120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December II,
to read or to recapitulate, and earnestly pray-
ing that the rights of adopted citizens may be
di-tined by la\>', representing it as a subject
of \ery gu'at importance, and one that ought
immediately to be taken up and settled, as the
matter seems to be unsettled. The preamble
and resolutions will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, if there be no
objection.
Tliey were so referred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of William B. Wedgwood, asking the
aid of Congress in diffusing a more general
know ledge of our Government and laws among
the masses of the people, and offering to Con-
gress a donation in aid of such object; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. JOHNSON'. I beg leave to presentthe
memorial of Mr. Stephen G. Montano, a citi-
zen of the Government of Peru, who states
that under the mixed commission which was
held by the authority of a treaty between the
two Governments he was allowed a certain
sum against the United States. There were
claims against Peru by citizens of the United
States which were also allowed, and those
claims were paid by Peru in coin. He states
in his memorial that the amount of the award
in his case the Sc-cretary of State insists he
has a right to pay in our depreciated currency,
and, under protest, he has received payment
in that currency. He prays that Congress may
by act authorize or direct the Secretary of
State to pay in coin. I move its reference to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I present the memorial
of the trustees of the Taylor Orphan Asylum
of Racine, in the State of Wisconsin, praying
that the tax which is now imposed upon
bequests to orphan asylums may by law be
removed. I move the reference of this memo-
rial to the Committee on Finance, and I hope
that the honorable Committee on Finance will
concur in the views of the petitioners, as it seems
to me perfectly just that a bequest for the ben-
efit of orphans ought not to be taxed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That William H. Harman have leave to
withdraw his papers hom the tiles of tho Senate, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing Rear Admi-
ral H. K. Thatcher to accept a decoration from
the king of the Hawaiian islands, reported it
without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 182) declaring null and void acts of con-
fiscation or forfeiture, passed by the late rebel
authority; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 183) for the relief of William H. Harman ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 184) granting a pension to Mrs. Ann Cor-
coran ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 185) for the relief of the Barthol-
omew county Agricultural Society, in the State
of Indiana ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEl asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 18U) providing for the sale of the lands,
tenements, aud water privileges belonging to
the United States at and near Harper's Ferry, j
iu the county of Jefferson, West Virginia; I
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 187) additional to an act granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Lake Superior to Puget sound,
on the Pacific coast, by the northern route;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. XYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 188)
for the relief of towns in the State of Nevada ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
OFFICERS OF CONGRESS. !
Mr. FESSENDEX submitted the following
concurrent resolution ; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the select committeo of the
two Houses to revise and equidize the pay of the
! employes of each House bo authorized to report by
i bill, joint resolution, or rule such provisions or regu-
lationsasmay benecessary or properfor rearranging
and definingthedutics of officers orpersons employed
by each House or under their joint authoiity, for
reducing the number of such employes, and gene-
rally for securing a reduction of theexpenses and the
more economical expenditure of the contingent fund
of each House.
; CAPTURED AND ABANDONED FROPERTY.
j Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint res-
olution No. 19, directing that certain moneys
now in the hands of the United States Treas-
urer, as special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment, be covered by warrant into the United
States Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the resolution be read
at length for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Wherons there is now in the hands of the Treas-
urer of the United States, as special agent of the
Treasury Department, several million dollars, the
proceeds of property captured during the rebellion,
which money is under the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and as it now stands may be dis-
posed of in settling claims preferred by the alleged
former owners of said captured property without the
sanction of Congress; and whoreos it is considered
proper that such claims should not be settled and
paid without first receiving the approval of Con-
gress: Therefore,
_ lie it rrxohed bp the Senate and House of Representa-
tivesof the Untied State* of America in Congress assem-
bled, That all moneys thus held by the Treasurer of
the United States shall at once be covered by war-
lant into tho United States Treasury, only to be
drawn out by authority of law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I ought to state,
as this subject may not be familiar to the Sen-
ate, that at the first session of the present
Congress this resolution passed the House of
Representatives and came to the Committee
on Finance of the Senate and was there con-
sidered; but, on a statement made, by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Assistant
Secretary, it was deemed better to postpone
action upon it until the present session, because
it was said that some of the funds embraced in
this joint resolution depended upon the result
of certain suits pending in the courts, and there
were certain expenses that accrued in the
management of the fund that ought to be paid
and adjusted before the balanc^was carried j
into the Treasury. Therefore tHe Committee j
on Finance recommended that it be postponed '
until the present session. The committee are
of opinion that there is now no real objection
to its passage. The expenses of the fund have
probably been adjusted. The special commit-
tee who have had the matter in charge seem to
have come to the same conclusion by report- j
ing the resolution early in the last session. |
If there is any necessity for any more of this j
fund, it can be met by an appropriation. I i
therefore hope that the resolution will pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on taking up the joint resolu-
tion for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Ohio as to what has been done about
this matter is correct. After this House reso-
lution was passed the subject was referred to
the joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
and a sub-committee of that general committee
addressed a letter to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury requesting him to suspend any further
payments until the matter should be investi-
gated. I am informed and believe that on the
receipt of that letter he did suspend payments
and has not paid out any money since. The
committee at this session instructed me to re-
port a joint resolution of this nature, but which
is somewhat more broad than the joint resolu-
tion from the House, and which I think will
effectuate the purpose that we have in view
more completely. It will be noticed that the
House resolution only applies to money that is
in the hands of General Spinner as special
agent. There were a good many hundred
thousand dollars, and 1 suspect there are now,
in the hands of somebody in New York, which
was put up as special bail or security, or for
some analogous purpose, concerning some suit
that was brought about certain cotton, and I
have reason to believe that there are sundry
sums in the hands of officers of the Govern-
ment and employes of the Government here
and there which have been received as the
proceeds of captured and abandoned property,
that have not been actually paid into the Treas-
ury. There may be good reasons, and prob-
ably there are in some of the cases, why they
should retain these moneys or some part of
them for compensation, or for commissions,
or something of that sort; but still it was
thought best by the committee, who instructed
me to report a resolution on the subject, which
is Senate joint resolution No. 67, that we
should provide that all moneys in the hands
of any officer, whether the Treasurer or who-
ever he might be, should be covered into the
Treasury; and 1 think so still. I therefore
move to amend the House resolution, as that
will be the quickest way of getting at it, by
striking out all of it, and inserting as a substi-
tute two sections, the first of which is the
printed joint resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, and the next one an
additional section .which I have drawn to en-
force the provisions of the first.
That all moneys which have been received by any
officer or employ!; of the Government, or any depart-
ment thoreot, from sales of captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, under
color of tho several acts of Congress providing for tho
collection and sale of such property, and which havo
not been already covered into the Treasury, shall be
immediately paid into the Treasury of the United
States, together with any interest which has been
received or accrued thereon.
And be it further resolved, That if any officer or per-
son having the custody, possession, or control of any
money derived or arising from the sale or other dis-
position of any sueh property mentioned in the pre-
ceding resolution, shall convert the same to his own
use. or shall refuse or neglect for a space of thirty
days next after the passage of this resolution to pay
the same into the Treasury of the United States, or
shall in any way pay away or dispose of the same
otherwise than by paying the same into the Treasury
as aforesaid, shall be deemed and held guilty of em-
bezzling the public money of the United States, and
shall be punished therefor by imprisonment for a
term ofnot more than ten years, and shall pay a fino
equal to the sum so embezzled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that amendment, but it does not yet embrace
all the cases that may come up. The question
arose as to whether a certain other class of
cases ought not to be covered by this reso-
lution ; and the Committee on Finance, having
the matter recently under consideration, pro-
posed not to act on that until they got other
information. It is alleged that a considerable
amount of property has been sold by some
Departments of the Government not captured
or abandoned, and therefore not embraced
within the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, which may be held now in the hands
of accounting officers and not covered into the
Treasury. If that be true—and we have not
yet examined to ascertain whether it is true—
those cases ought to be embraced in the same
resolution.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Why not refer the
