2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 15, nays 84, not voting
00; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Butler, Hooper, Kitchcn, George V.
Lawrence, Maynard, Orth, Paine, Peters, Poland,
Robertson, Soofieid, Thaddeus Stevens, Upson, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn,and ISlihu B. Washburne—15.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, Andeison, Deios E. Ash-
ley, JamesM. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
J2eaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll,
lioyer, liroiuwell, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Header W.
Clarke. Cobb, Donnelly, Drigprs, Eggleslon, Eldridge,
Eliot, JTerriss, Peny, Fields, Garlield, Gtossbieuncr,
Golladay,Gravely,Grovor, lligby, Holman, Hopkins,
Humphrey, lluntcr, In srcrsoll, Johnson. Jones, Julian,
Kclley, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, William Law-
rence, Loa^, Marshall, McOlurg, MoOormick.Mercur,
Miller, Morgan,Morre]l,Mutu?on, Myers, Nicholson,
0'!N eill, Perham, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Policy, Pruyn,
Robinson, lloss, Sawyer, Sohenuk, 8itgroa\es?, Stew-
art, Tnffft, Lawrence S. Trimble. Trowbridge, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trunin, Van Wyck, William B.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodward—S4.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell. Barnes. Barnaul, Beck, Benton, Bing-
ham, Broomall, Buckland, (Jake, Cary, Churclull.
Sidney Clarke, Coburn., Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lorn, Dawes. Dixon,Dodge, Ecklcy, 151 a, Farnsworth,
Fmney, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Ilaight, Ilalsey, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Hill, iiotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard,
Ilulburd, Jenckes, Judd, Ketcham, Laflin, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridgc, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, MeCullough, Moore, Moorhead, Morrissoy,
Muliins, Neweomb, Niblack, Nunn, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, Randall, Ilaum, Selye, Shanks, Sbcllabavgcr,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Twichell, Van Acrnam, Van Auken, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Welkcr,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodbridge—90.
So the preamble and resolution were not laid
on the table.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I have modified the
preamble, and upon the preamble and resolu-
tion I renew the call for the previous question.
The preamble and resolution, as modified,
were read, as follows ;
Whereas the following letter has been written and
addressed by seven members of this House to one
of the Senators of the United States:
Washington, May 12,1808.
Sir: On a consultation of the Republican mem-
bers of tho House of Representatives from Missouri,
in view of your position on the iuipeachmentarticics,
we ask you towithhokl yourvoteon any article upon
which you cannot vote affirmatively. This request
is made because we believe the salety ot the loyal
people of the United States demands tho immediate
removal of Andrew Johnson from the office of Presi-
dent of the United States. .
Respectfully, GEORGE W. ANDERSON,
WILLIAM A. PILE,
C. A. NEWCOMB,
JOSEPH. W. McCLURG,
BENJAMTN F. LOAN,
JOHN F. BENJAMIN,
JOSEPH J. GRAVELY.
Hon. John B. Henderson, United States Senate.
and whereas it is alleged that a combination of the
Representative aforesaid has been entered into to
improperly influence the Senator aforesaid in bis
judgment and decision in tho impeachment now
pending and undetermined in the Senate: There-
lore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed to investigate all the circumstances con-
nected with the writing of said letter, whether the
same was written to corrupt or improperly influence
the judgment and decision of said Senator, and to
report what action the House ought to take with
reference thereto, and that said committee be au-
thorized to send lor persons and papers, that they be
authorized to sit during the sessions of the House,
and that the committee beinstiucted to report with-
out unnecessary delay and at any time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved toreeonsider the
vote by which the preamble and resolution
were agreed to ; and also moved that the latter
motion be laid on the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON". In consequence of my
being under the necessity of leaving the city
within a day or two, I must ask to be excused
from serving on the select committee just or-
dered.
custom-house at toledo, ohio.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution j which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, fhat the Secretary of the Trensurybo di-
rected to inform this House of the condition of the
pixstofli-house and post office at Toledo, Ohio, and
what appropriation is needed for such additions and
repairs to said building {is have been reported ne-
cessary tor the safety of tho public property and the
safe conduct of the publie business therein; also
whether the interests of the Government would not
bo better subserved by selling the present building
and erecting a new one.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment trial—corrupt practices.
Mr. BOYKIi submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution:
.Whereas the managers of the impeachment of the
President, in addition to then* original and proper
poweia and duties as such, managers, have, by a reso-
lution of the House on -Saturday last, been converted
into a committee of investigation, and have been
authorized and instructed to investigate whether
improper or eoriupt influences have been used to in-
fluence the determination of the Senate upon the
articles of impeachment exhibited by the House of
Representatives against the President of the United
States, and lor that puipose have been instructed to
summon and examine witnesses under oath, and to
appoint sub-committees to take testimony; and
whereas it is in accordance with common usage, as
well as obviousdy proper and essential to a fair and
impartial investigation of the truth, that upon every
committee of investigation selcctcd by a deliberative
body tho minority should to some extent be repre-
sented ; and whereas the managers of the impeach-
ment were originally appointed solely for tho pur-
poses of prosecution, and consist altogether of avowed
political enemies of tho President of the United
States, and arc instructed as prosecuting officers to
convict him, if possible, of high crimes and misde-
meanors: Therefore,
lirsolocd, That the Speaker be authorized and in;
structed to appoint from among those members of
tho House who voted against tho impeachment of
the President two persons to bo added to the com-
mittee of managers, while acting as a committee of
investigation tor the purposes atorcsaid.and who shall
bo authorized to be present and participate in the
examination of witnesses in relation to theaforesaid
cluuges of corrupt and improper influences alleged
to have been used to influence the detcimiiiation of
tho Senate upon the articles of impeachment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives
rise to debate, it must go over under the rules.
Mr. BOYER. I calf for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to put a question
to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer any
parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. SCHENCK. This resolution, I believe,
is offered under the call of States.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Cannot the question of
its reception be raised?
The SPEAKER. The question of consid-
eration can be raised upon any resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to raise that ques-
tion. Among the recitals of the resolution it
is stated that the managers were selected as
u avowed political enemies of the President
of the United States," and are "instructed
to convict him if possible.1'
Mr. ROBINSON. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] that the question can
be raised on the consideration of the resolution.
The Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
"When any motion or proposition is rondo, the
question, Will the House now consider it ? shall not
be put. unless it is demanded by some member, or is
deemed necessary by the Speaker."
The SPEAKER. In accordance with this
rule the Chair will, on the demand of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. [Mr. Schexck,] put the
question, Will the House now consider the
resolution?
Mr. BOYER. I hope the House will allow
me five minutes to explain the resolution.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
without unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. BOYER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the question. Will the House now consider
the resolution?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 69, not voting
9-3; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Boyer,Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eld-
ridge, Glossbrenner, Golladay.Grover, llolman, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, George V. Lawrence,
Marshall, McCormick, Morgan, Mungen, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Sitsreaves, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Trump, and Woodward—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, BelosR.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey. Baldwin, Beamon,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bromwell, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Donnelly, Drig-gs, Eggleston,
Eliot, Ferriss, Perry, Fields, Gravely, Harding,
Higby, Hooper, Huntqr, Ingersoll. Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, \\ llliain Law-
rence, Loan, Loujrhridge, Maynard, McCluig, Mereur,
Morrell, Myers. Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scoficld, Starkweather, Aaron h. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwaiader C. Washburn,
EHhuB. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, and Windom—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum. Beck, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawos, Dixon,Dodge, Lek-
ley, Ela. Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Getz,
Griswold, ilaight, Ilalsey, Hawkins, Hili, Hopkins,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Ilubbaid,
Richard D. llubbard, Hnibnrd, Jenckes, Judd. Knott,
LaiUn, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCullough, Miller, Moore. Moorhead,
Morrisscy, Muliins, Neweomb, Niblack, Pile, Poland,
Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Raum, Selye, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stokes, Stone,
Taber,Taylor. Jolm Trimble,Twieliell, Van Aernaiu,
Van Auken. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Henry 1). Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
James F. Wilson. John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodbridge—03.
So the House refused to consider the reso-
lution.
PUllCriAS-E OF ALASKA.
Mr. BANKS. I ask consent of the House
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs have
leave now to report a bill relative to the exe-
cution of the treaty with Russia for the pur-
chase of Alaska, together with a majority re-
port, and also that the minority have leave to
present at this time a report on the same sub-
ject. My desire is that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I do not expect that it will be
called up before some time in the month of
June. I expect to be absent during the first
week of that month.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. banks ?j
Mi'. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I object-
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my objection.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a
bill (II. II. No. 1096) making an appropriation
of money to carry into effect the treaty with
Russia of. March 30, 1867; which was read a
first and second time, recommitted, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to present a communication from the Sec-
retary of State, giving the correspondence as
to the extension of time, and to move that
it be referred to the Committee of Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
st. paul's island
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of Suite, in
response to a resolution of the House, concern-
ing contracts entered into, or proposed by pri-
vate citizens, for the occupation of Sr. Paul's
i island, in Beliring s sea: which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
alaska agaix.
Mr. PIIU\N. I rise for information. I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to give notice that he will call
up the bill in reference to Alaska iu the sec-
ond week in .Tuue.
Mr. BAXKS. I desire to be absent until
the first week in June. Tho bill cannot be
considered this laouth.
