1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
matter back to the Committee on Finance for
examination?
Mr. SHERMAN. There seemed to be a
necessity to have something done in regard to i
captured and abandoned property, so that that
money might be covered into the Treasury, and
we are not prepared to legislate in regard to
other matters on which we have not full inform-
ation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was aware of what my
friend from Ohio suggests, that there were other
cases where a good deal of money ought to be
covered into the Treasury ; but the committee
who instructed me to report the resolution
which I have moved as an amendment had no
authority over those cases, as our jurisdiction
was confined strictly to captured and abandoned
property, and hence the resolution I reported
applied exclusively to that. I think the amend-
ment I suggest does cover all the cases of cap-
turcd and abandoned property, while the House
resolution, it is quite clear, does not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that the amend-
ment will be adopted for this reason, if for no
other: the House resolution reported by the
Committee on Finance carries with it an impli-
cation, and perhaps a direct recognition, that
the Treasury Department has authority over
this money, when I think it is very clear from
the law that it has none. The preamble to the
resolution reads:
Whereas there H now in the hands of the Treas-
urer of the United States, as special agent of the
Treasury Department, several million dollars, the
proceeds of property captured during the rebellion,
which money is under the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and as it now stands may be disposed
of in settling claims preferred by the alleged former
owners of said captured property, without the saac- '
tion of Congress.
Now, sir, I deny every one of the inferences
to be drawn from that recital. I ask what
the Senate will think when I turn them to
the law—which I will do in a moment— '
which says expressly that every dollar real- '
ized from this abandoned and captured prop- j
erty shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States. By what authority does the
Treasurer hold millions subject to be paid out
by the Secretary of the Treasury? Why, sir,
the statute which authorized the sale of this
abandoned property says in so many words
that the proceeds shall be paid into the Treas- ,
ury of the United States. You are now only
reiterating what is already the law.
The act of the 12th of March, 1863, which
directed the Secretary of the Treasury to ap- j
point a special agent or agents "to receive and j
collect all abandoned or captured property in ]
any State or Territory or any portion of any j
State or Territory of the United States desig- j
nated as in insurrection against the lawful i
Government of the United States," in its
second section declares "all sales of such
property shall be at auction to the highest bid-
der, and the proceeds thereof shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States." That j
is the law under which this captured and aban- !
doned property was taken by the Treasury
agents, and that law declares in so many words,
as clear as language can declare it, '' the pro-
ceeds thereof shall be paid into the Treasury j
of the United States." The laifr went on fur- j
ther to provide how persons having claims i
against this property could have them satis- I
fied; and how, sir? By holding the property \
outside of the Treasury, and violating the law, !
and allowing the Secretary to distribute it?
Not at all; but in the third section it declares:
"And any person claiming to have been the owner
of any such abandoned or captured property may, at
*ny time within two years after the suppression of
the rebellion, prefer hisclaimto the proceeds thereof
in the Court of Claims, and on proof to the satisfac-
tion of said court of his ownership of said property,
of his right to the proceeds thereof, and that he has
never given any aid or comfort to the present rebel-
lion, to receive the residue of such proceeds, after the
reduction of any purchase money which may have
been paid, together with the expense of transporta-
tion and sale of said property, and any other lawful
expenses attending the disposition thereof."
Could language make the law more plain as
to the duty to be performed by the. Secretary of
theTreasury and the Treasury agents? TheSec-
retary of the Treasury had no authority to hajd
that money, amounting, as I see by an official
report which I have before me, to more than
thirty-four million dollars 1 The captured and
abandoned property taken possession of and
sold amounted to more than thirty-four million
dollars, which the law said in so many words
should be paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. And now, sir, after that property
has been sold and has been kept out of the
Treasury for years, a resolution comes in with
a preamble declaring that the '' money is un-
der the control of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to dispose of in settling claims." Why,
sir, it is not and never was under the control
of the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of
a dollar of it in settling claims against the
Government of the United States. There was
but one way in which such claims could be
settled; and 1 was astonished when my atten-
tion was called to this within a few days to see
how this money had been managed. That there
might be no doubt about this, after the Treas-
ury Department had been holding this money,
not paying it, as the law required, into the
Treasury of the United States, but holding it
on special deposit, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury submitted the question to the Attorney
General whether he had not authority to adjudi-
cate claims. It was a very plain law, it seems
to me; but the question was submitted to the
Attorney General in 1865 by the Secretary of
the Treasury to know if he could not by some
management of this kind keep the money out
of the Treasury of the United States and go
on and pay these claims.
Of course the Attorney General could give
but one opinion, and I have his official opinion
dated the 5th day of July, 1865, in which he
says:
"Property of the foregoing character"—
That is, property which was seized by the
Treasury agents and sold—
"thus turned over to a Treasury agent, and in that
manner 'received' by him, must be dealt with as the
second section of the act provides; that is, it must be
sold, and its proceeds paid into the Treasury, there
to await tho action of the Courtof Claims, when duly
invoked."
That was the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral more than two years ago ; and near the
conclusion of the opinion he says:
" I am, therefore, of opinion, in reply to your
inquiry, that jurisdiction cannot be conferred upon
a commission appointed either by the President or
the Secretary of the Treasury, to examine the claims
in question, and to make restoration of the proceeds
of so much of this cotton as may belong to loyal
claimants."
Here was the official opinion of the law-
officer of the Government, given in July, 1865,
that the money arising from the proceeds* of
this property must be paid into the Treasury of
the United States; and yet the document I
hold in my hand shows that since that time
and since that official opinion was given hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars have been paid to
claimants by the Secretary of the Treasury.
And now, after a lapse of two years, a resolu-
tion comes in here that virtually sanctions this
action. Why, sir, I hold in my hand an official
report from the Secretary of the Treasury which
shows that at the date when it was made, the
2d of March last, there had been paid out
$2,210,476 96 in money.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Without the cases
going through the Court of Claims?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; they never
went to the Court of Claims; bat the money
was paid out by the Treasury of the United
States, and the money was not " covered " into
the Treasury, as they say.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me I will give him a fact in regard
to this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy
to hear if there is any fact to excuse it.
Mr. DRAKE. Not at all; I am not going
to excuse it; but I simply wish to state a fact
in connection with the remark just made by
the honorable Senator. There should be in
the Treasury now, under the low to which he
has referred, a sum of nearly three hundred
and eighty thousand dollars from one single lot
of cotton, which parties who claim it have been
besieging the Treasury for a year past or more
to get the Secretary of the Treasury to adjudi-
cate that, they have a right to it, and to pay
them the money, though there is a suit pending
in the Supreme Court of the United States now
i about it.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. Besides this more than
; two millions of money which has been paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury to claimants, he
has also restored, as this report shows, nine
thousand five hundred and sixty-six bales of
i cotton which had been seized, and rumor says
that a great deal more has been restored. The
official report, however, shows nearly ten thou-
1 sand bales restored, and over two millions of
money paid to claimants ; and what is perhaps
j the most astounding of all, if there could ever
be any question of his authority, is that this
should have been continued after the Secretary
had asked the opinion of the law officer of the
Government and he had answered officially that
the Secretary had no authority to do it; and
now in 1867, in December, we have got to pass
a law to compel the payment into the Treasury
of the United States of money that ought to
have been paid in there years ago; and I thank
my friend from Vermont for proposing to attach
a sanction to ^hat law which shall bring some-
body to justice if there is a refusal to execute it.
I am, therefore, utterly opposed to the pre-
amble of the House resolution ; but it seems
to me that now, as stated by my friend from
Missouri, even to-day, two years and a half
after the opinion of the Attorney General, the
Secretary of the Treasury is entertaining juris-
diction of a claim for cotton about which a
suit is pending in the courts.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg pardon of the Senator
from Illinois ; I do not say he is entertaining
jurisdiction, but I say that he has been be-
sieged for more than a year past by outside
claimants of that cotton, and has been enter-
taining for consideration the question whether
he can properly decide that it belongs to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that I did not make a very
careful examination of this matter, because it
did not lie within the province of the Committee
on Finance; but it is due to the Secretary of
the Treasury to remark that, as I understand,
since the opinion of the Attorney General no
decision has been passed by the Treasury De-
partment upon any of these claims; but there
are two claims pending in the courts, and a
certain amount of money in the control of the
Treasurer has been allowed to lie to await the
decision of those two claims. That was the
condition of affairs when I looked into the sub-
ject for the first time last April. Since that
time no claims have been allowed. There are
claims for expenses in gathering this cotton
together, and taking care of it, and selling it,
&c., that have been adjusted from time to time.
That has been done, I believe, for some four
years by different Secretaries of the Treasury.
I know since the passage of this resolution by
the House no claims have been adjusted under
this law, and I think none for the last two
years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
evidently has not looked carefully into the
official documents that have already been com-
municated to the Senate or he would not have
made the statement which he has just made.
I stated in my remarks a moment ago that the
Attorney General's opinion was dated on the
5th day of July, 1865, and that since its date
hundreds of thousands of dollars had been
Eaid. The Senator from Ohio could not have
een listening to my remarks. I have in my
hand the official report from the Treasury
Department, and I will read one item. On the
14th of June, 1865, nearly a year after the date
of the Attorney General's opinion, $44,719 95
were paid to "Jerre Walters, and others;"
and if the Senator will look through the re-
