lee1?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
templates that the circulating medium of the
country shall be uniform in quality and value.
At the time of the formation of that instru-
ment the country had just emerged from the
war of the Revolution, and was suffering from
the effects of a redundant and worthless paper
currency. The sages of that period were anx-
ious to protect their posterity from the evils
which they themselves had experienced. Hence,
in providing a circulating medium, they con-
ferred upon Congress the power to coin money
and regulate the value thereof, at the same
time prohibiting the States from making any-
thing but gold and silver a tender in payment
of debts.
The anomalous condition of our currency is
in striking contrast with that which was origin-
ally designed. Our circulation now embraces,
first, notes of the national banks, which are
made receivable for all dues to the Government,
excluding imposts, and by all its creditors,
excepting in payment of interests upon its bonds
and the securities themselves; sccond, legal-
tender notes, issued by the United States, and
which the law requires shall be received as well
in payment of all debts between citizens as of
all Government dues excepting imposts; and,
third, gold and silver coin. By the operation
of our present system of finance, however, the
metallic currency, when collected, is reserved
only for one class of Government creditors,
who, holding its bonds, semi-annually receive
their interest in coin from the national Treas-
ury. They are thus made to occupy an invidi-
ous position, which may be used to strengthen
the-arguments of those who would bring into
disrepute the obligations of the nation. In the
payment of all its debts the plighted faith of
the Government should bo inviolably main-
tained. But while it acts with fidelity toward
the bond-holder who loaned his money that the
integrity of the CJnion might be preserved, it
should at the same time observe good faith with
the great masses of the people, who, having
rescued the Union from the perils of rebellion,
now bear the burdens of taxation that the Gov-
ernment may be able to fulfill its engagements.
There is no reason which will be accepted as
satisfactory by the people why those who de-
fend us on the land and protect us on the sea;
the pensioner upon the gratitude of the nation,
bearing the scars and wounds received while
in its service ; the public servants in the vari-
ous departments of the Government; the farmer
who supplies the soldiers of the Army and the
sailors of the Navy; the artisan who toils in the
nation's workshops, or the mechanics and la-
borers who build its edifices and construct its
forts and vessels of war, should, in payment
of their just and hard-earned dues receive
depreciated paper while another class of their
countrymen, no more deserving, are paid in
coin of gold and silver. Equal and exact jus-
tice requires that all the creditors of the Gov-
ernment should be paid in a currency possess-
ing a uniform value. This can only be accom-
plished by the restoration of the currency to
the standard established by the Constitution;
and_ by this means we would remove a discrim-
ination which may, if it has not already done
so, create a prejudice that may become deep-
rooted and wide-spread, and imperil the na-
tional credit.
The feasibility of making our currency cor-
respond with the constitutional standard may
be seen by reference to a few facts derived from
our commercial statistics.
The production of precious metals in the
United States from 18-19 to 1&57, inclusive,
amounted to $579,000,000; from 1858 to 1860,
inclusive, to $137,500,000; and from 1861
to 1867, inclusive, to $457,500,000—making
the grand aggregate of products since- 1849
$1,174,000,000. The amount of specie coined
from 1849 to 1857, inclusive, was $439,000,000;
from 1858 to 1860, inclusive, §125,000.000;
and from 1801 to 1867, inclusive, §310,000,000
—making the total coinage since 1849 $874,-
000,000. Prom 1849 to 1857, inclusive, the net
exports of specie amounted to $271,000,000;
from 1858 to 18G0, inclusive, to $148,000,000;
and from 1861 to 18G7, inclusive, $322,000,000
—making the aggregate of net exports since
1849 $741,000,000. These figures show an
excess of product over net exports of $433,-
000,000. _ There are in the Treasury $111,000,-
000 in coin, something more than $40,000,000
in circulation on the Pacific coast, and a few
■millions in the national and other banks—in
all about $160,000,000. This, however, taking
into account the spccie in the country prior to
1849, leaves more than three hundred million
dollars which have not been accounted for by
exportation, and therefore may yet remain in
the country.
These are important facts, and show how
completely the inferior currency will supersede
the better, forcing it from circulation among
the masses, and causing it to be exported as a
mere article of trade, to add to the money
capital of foreign lands. They show the neces-
sity of retiring our paper money, that the
return of gold and silver to the avenues of
trade may be invited, and a demand created
which will cause the retention at home of at
least so much of the productions of our rich
and inexhaustible gold-bearing fields as may
he sufficient for purposes of circulation. It is
unreasonable to expect a return to a sound
currency so long as the Government, by con-
tinuing to issue irredeemable notes, fills the
channels of circulation with depreciated paper.
Notwithstanding a coinage by our mints since
1849 of $874,000,000, the people are now
strangers to the currency which was designed
for their use and benefit, and specimens of the
precious metals bearing the national device are
seldom seen, except when produced to gratify
the interest excited by their novelty. If depre-
ciated paper is to be continued as the perma-
nent currency of the country, and all our coin
is to become a mere article of traffic and spec-
ulation, to the enhancement in price of all that
is indispensable to the comfort of the people,
it would be wise economy to abolish our mints,
thus saving the nation the care and expense
incident to such establishments, and let all our
precious metals bt exported in bullion. The
time lias come, however, when the Govern-
ment and national banks should be required
to take the most efficient steps and make all
necessary arrangements for a resumption of
specie payments at the earliest practicable
period. Specie payments having been once
resumed by the Government and banks, all
notes or bills of paper issued by either of a less
denomination than twenty dollars should by
law be excluded from circulation, so that the
people may have the benefit and convenience
of a gold and silver currency which in all their
business transactions will be uniform in value
at home and abroad.
" Every man of property or industry, every
man who desires to preserve what he honestly
possesses, or to obtain what he can honestly
earn, has a direct interest in maintaining a
safe circulating medium ; such a medium as
shall be real and substantial, not liable to
vibrate with opinions, not subject to be blown
up or blown down by the breath of specula-
tion, but to be made stable and secure. a
disordered currency is one of the greatest
political evils. It undermines the virtues neces-
sary for the support of the social system and
encourages propensities destructive of its hap-
piness ; it wars against industry, frugality, and
economy; and it fosters the evil spirits of ex-
travagance and speculation." It has been
asserted by one of our profound and most
gifted statesmen that "of all the contrivances
for cheating the laboring classes of mankind
none has been more effectual than that which
deludes them with paper money. This is the
most effectual of inventions to fertilize the
rich man's fields by the sweat of the poor
man's brow. Ordinary tyranny, oppression,
excessive taxation-—these bear lightly on the
happiness of the mass of the community com-
pared with a fraudulent currency, and the rob-
beries committed by depreciated paper. Ou£
own history has recorded for our instructioti
enough, and more than enough, of tlic demor-
alizing tendency, the injustice, and the intol-
erable oppression on the virtuous and'well-dU-
posed oi a degraded paper currency, authorized
by law or in any way countenanced by Gov-
ernment."^ It is one of the most successful
devices in times ol peace or war, expansions or
revulsions, to accomplish the transfer of all
the precious metals from the great mass of the
people into the hands of the few, where they
are hoarded in secret places or deposited in
strong boxes under bolts and bars, while the
peojiieare left to endure all the inconvenience,
sacrifice, and demoralization resulting from
the use of a depreciated and worthless paper
money.
_ The condition of our finances and the opera-
tions of our revenue system are set forth and
fully explained in the able and instructive re-
port of,the Secretary of the Treasury. On the
00th of June, 1866. the public debt amounted
to $2,783,425,879 ; on the 30th of June last it
was $2,692,199,215, showing a reduction dur-
ing the fiscal year of $91,226,604. During the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, the receipts
were $490,634,010, and the expenditures
$346,729,129, leaving an available surplus of
$143,904,880. Itis estimated that the receipts
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, will
bo $417,161,928, and thatthe expenditures will
reach the sum of $393,269,226, leaving in the
Treasury a surplus of $23,892,702. For the
fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1869, it is estimated
that the receipts will amount to $381,000,000,
and that the expenditures will he $372,000,000,
showing an excess of $9,000,000 in favor of
the Government.
The attention of Congress is earnestly invited
to the necessity of a thorough revision of our
revenue system. Our internal revenue laws
and impost system should be so adjusted as to
bear most heavily on articles of luxury, leaving
the necessaries of life as free from taxation as
may be consistent with the real wants of .the
Government, economicallyadministered. Tax-
ation would not then fall unduly on the man
of moderate means ; and while none would be
entirely exempt from assessment, all, in pro-
portion to their pecuniary abilities, would con-
tribute toward the support of the State. A
modification of the internal revenue system,
by a large reduction in the number of articles
now subject to tax, would be followed by results
equally advantageous to the citizen and the
Government. It would render the execution
of the law less expensive and more certain,
remove obstructions to industry, lessen the
temptations to evade the law, diminish the
violations and frauds perpetrated upon its pro-
visions, make its operation less inquisitorial,
and greatly reduce in numbers the army of
tax-gatherers created by the system, who "take
from the mouth of honest labor the bread it
has earned." Retrenchment, reform, and
economy should be carried into every branch
of the public service, that the expenditures of
the Government maybe reduced and the people
relieved from oppressive taxation; a sound
currency should be restored, and the public
faith in regard to the national debt sacredly
observed. The accomplishment of these im-
portant results, together with the restoration
of the Union of the States upon the principles
of the Constitution, would inspire confidence
at home and abroad in the stability of our
institutions and bring to the nation prosperity,
peace, and good will.
The report of the Secretary of War ad
interim exhibits the operations of the Army
and of the several bureaus of the War De-
partment. The aggregate strength of our mil-
itary force* on the 80th of September last was
56,315. The total estimate for military appro-
