1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3553
It was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
ihe latter motion was agreed to.
PARKER QUINCE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
No. 452, for the relief of Parker Quince, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow to
Parker Quince, in the settlement of his accounts
with the Government, $1,608 97, for his salary
as^ collector of customs for the port of Wil-
mington, North Carolina, and acting collector
of internal revenue from September 13, 1865,
to ^May 14, 18GG, in addition to the sums already
paid him for sala'ry for that period.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; apd
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOLDSMITH BROTHERS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts,'from
the same committee, reported back adversely
Senate bill No. 153, for the relief of Gold-
smith Brothers, of the cities of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, brokers;
and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved thatthe motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james hooper.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
No. 436, for the relief of James Hooper, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to James Hooper the
sum of $16,000, being the value of hip vessel,
the bark General Berry, which was captured
and destroyed at sea on the 9th day of July,
1864, while in the military service of the Uni-
ted States, by the rebel steamer Florida.
Mr. HOLMAN. That bill should go to the
Committee of the Whole House, as it makes
an appropriation. I think it should have its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman makes the
point of order that this bill, makng an appro-
priation, it must have its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole. The Chair sustains
the point of order. It will, therefore, be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
ALBERT GRANT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
No. 367, for the relief of Albert Grant, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It appropriates $30,000
to Albert Grant, in fall satisfaction of all de-
mands against the United States .on account
of the construction of buildings numbered
twenty-nine, thirty, and thirty-one, at the Nor-
folk navy-yard, by Albert Grant and H. A.
Pierce, who were partners, doing business
under the name and style of A. Grant & Co.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That makes an appro-
priation, and should have its first considera-
tion in the Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. It does make an appro-
priation, and if insisted on must go to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. COBB. I do not see why it should be
referred to that committee.
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 223.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my point of
order.
^ The SPEAKER. The question is on the
third reading of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Does
not the renewal come too late?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to
the Committee on Appropriations covered the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us
have the question stated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the bill. When it was reported
the gentleman from Missouri made the point
of order that it contained an appropriation and
must have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole House. The gentleman
from Massachusetts moved at the same time
that it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations. The gentleman from Missouri then
withdrew his point of order, and the gentleman
from Massachusetts stated that he intended his
motion to cover the point of order. The Chair
thereupon entertained the point of order.
JMr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I sub-
mit to the House whether these bills should all
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wash-
burn] was on the floor. Of course the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] could make
his point of order, but the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Washburn] did not yield to his
colleague to make the motion to refer to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that when the
point of_ order is made that a bill contains an
appropriation it is in order for any member to
move its reference to any other committee than
the Committee of the Whole. That motion
was made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. The only doubt the Chair has is whether
that motion to refer to the Committee on Ap-
propriations should not stand instead of the
objection to its consideration in the House.
Mr. COBB. I am satisfied with the ruling,
but 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule that
the gentleman from Massachusetts, having
made a motion to refer to the Committee oil
Appropriations, that motion must stand ; and
if rejected, the point of order comes too late.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Let
mo say that the Committee of Claims have no
particular interest in this matter. The com-
mittee have spent considerable time in examin-
ing this bill, which has passed the Senate by
the unanimous recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Claims there, and have reported it to
the House without a dissenting voice. Now,
if it is the desire of the House to refer all the
bills that the Committee of Claims have
reported to the Committee on Appropriations,
then I have nothing to do but to submit.
But there is no reason why this bill should be
referred any more than others that we have
.examined, and unless there is some special
reason given for its reference I trust it will not
be referred. I would like to hear my colleague
state any reason he may have for its reference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The reason
why I named the Committee on Appropriations
was that the bill contains an appropriation of
money. I do not desire to make any opposition
to it. The Committee on Appropriations can
report at any time, whereas the bill might be
lost if it is referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BLAINE. The Committee on Appro-
priations can report at any time only for ref-
erence, not for action.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theycan-
not report private bills at any time. !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I|
only wish to state that the reason my colleague !
assigns applies to every bill reported from our
committee. I do not know that there is a bill i
that we report which does not contain a greater j
or less amount of appropriation, and he has
stated that there is no reason for the reference
of this bill except that it contains an appropri-
ation. I do not wish to take up any further
time, and therefore I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If my
colleague^ says he has examined this ease, ana
knows it is right, I have so much confidence in
him that I withdraw my objection.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved thatthe motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABEDNEGO B. ROWDKN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1319) for the relief of Abednego B. Rowden,
late second lieutenant eleventh Tennessee
cavalry; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs that there be' paid to the
applicant the pay of second lieutenant from
August 31, 1863, to December 5,1864, deduct-
ing such sum as may have been paid him in a
lower grade of military service for that period,
he having performed the service after promo-
tion, but, having been captured in the line of
duty and imprisoned, he failed to be mus-
tered in.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether the general bill which was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
the other day and printed will not cover this
case ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
Mr. Speaker, I do not know. I will state to
the House the action of the Committee of
Claims on this case, and another which we have
like it, and if it is covered by the general bill
referred to by the gentleman we shall not ask
its passage. It is a case in which an officer of
the Army was commissioned to a higher rank,
and his commission was sent to him, but before
he was mustered in under that commission to
the higher rank he was taken piiaouer and lay
in a rebel prison for several months. He was
afterward released and returned to his regi-
ment and was mustered in, dating from the
time he returned. Under these circumstances
the committee thought it was not fair that
because of his misfortune in being taken pris-
oner he should lose his pay for the rank which
he would have filled if he had not been taken
prisoner.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will state in a few sentences the
provisions of the general bill which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have prepared and
are only waiting to be called to report, and the
gentleman can see if it covers this case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
if there is no objection to this bill, let it pass.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say that there are
fifty or sixty of these cases before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and we concluded
to draw up a general bill very carefully to cover
such cases as ought to be covered rather than
to pass special bills. Wehave drawn upabill
to this effect: that a commission shall be con-
sidered to have been received when it reached
the headquarters of the regiment or corps in
which he was serving, and if he was on the
duty of the rank to which he was commissioned
at the time the commission was received and
was captured and taken away he shall be
mustered in as of the date when the commis-
sion was received at headquarters. I think
that perfectly covers these cases, and I hope
the gentleman will let this bill lie over until
action can be had on the general bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
will ask that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee of Claims, with the privilege of
reporting it-back at any time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that will be done,
