1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
lines of public surveys, demanded by the provisions
of an act granting lands to the State of Oregon for the
construction of a military road from Eugene City to
the eastern boundary of Oregon.
In the presence of the foregoing impediments to
the progress of the public surveys and a due legard
to the husbanding national rosouices, the estimate
of the surveyor general of Oregon, amounting to
$55,450, was icstricted to the sum of $25,000.
llepresentations having .since been made to this
office of moro pacific atiitudo of Oregon Indians in
theregion of country demanding early surveys on a
larger soale than estimated, 1 would be willing to
recommend to Congress $10,00(1 appropriation instead
of $25,000for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,18(39.
I have the honor to be, very rcspeettully, &c.,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Rufus Mallory, House of Representatives.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I ask the
committee to bear in mind that the State of
California lias received sufficient appropria-
tions to enable her to complete almost all the
surveys of lier public lands, while the State of
Oregon, laboring under the impediments which
are set forth in this letter, litis had but a very
small portion of her public lands surveyed.
There has not been sullicient and there is not
now sufficient of the public lauds surveyed to
enable the actual settlers to take possession of
them. There are a number of rich and fertile
valleys in which the surveys have not been
extended at all, and the lands there are needed
for settlement at the present time.
The surveyor general based his estimates of
appropriation upon what was necessary to meet
the demand of the State at the time lie made
it. His estimate was for $55,450. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office informed
me that he cut down the estimates, but that
he believes now the condition of Indian affairs
is such in the State of Oregon that the surveys
of the public lands may bo prosecuted to a
much greater extent, lie therefore asks the
approriation may bo increased to $10,000.
Now, sir, it seems strange economy to lock up
the Treasury so as to prevent the survey of the
public lands and their being put into the mar-
ket for purchase by actual settlers. The appro-
priation of this money for the survey of the
public lands is the appropriation of money for
a legitimate purpose, and it will come back at
an early day into theTreasury. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment I have proposed will be
adopted.
Mr. HARDING. I agree, Mr. Chairman,
with the gentleman who has just spoken, that
it is bad cconomy to refuse to appropriate
money for the survey of public lands in the
West. When these lands are surveyed in lim-
ited quantities it is much more convenient for
speculators to take them up for resale to the
actual settlers. It is, then, much easier for
the speculators to obtain the ownership of the
public lands than the actual settlors.
It is the highest economy to survey the pub-
lic lands as fast as possible, and not in limited
quantities. The quicker they are surveyed,
then, the quicker homestead settlers will have
the opportunity to select homesteads. As soon
as the railroads West are constructed we will
then find thousands going West to select lands.
If we decide against surveying the public lands
except in small parcels we will find them taken
up by speculators for resale. Let us survey
these lands, and then the settlement up of that
country will make our Pacific railroads paying
institutions. When we have a denser popula-
tion there it will save the Government from the
expense of employing troops.
Mr. WASHJBUIlNfi, of Illinois. I move to
amend by making the amount §12,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am sorry my colleague
has left me on the subject of economy and has
fallen into favoring these extravagant appro-
priations.
Mr. HARDING. Have we not to survey
every acre of our public land ?
Mr. WASHBUKNI3, of Illinois. Does not
my colleague know that there are hundreds and
thousands of acres of public land in Oregon
which have been surveyed, and which will not
be taken up for years to come? Last year
$80,000 was asked, and we gave it to them.
This year the Commissioner of the General
Land Office asked for $25,000, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have dealt liberally
in following his estimate. The gentleman from
Oregon has called on the Commissioner since
then, and as a consequence we have this milk-
and-water letter. If gentlemen want the heads
of Departments to legislate fortius House they
will follow blindly these letters, and merely
register their edicts. I want the lands sur-
veyed when there is any necessity for surveys,
and the appropriation in this bill is all that
was asked, and all that is needed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The survey of
lands is perhaps needed more m Oregon than
in any other quarter. When we are expend-
ing so much money in constructing railroads
to unite the Pacific and Atlantic it seems to me
poor economy to cut down the necessary sur-
veys of the public lands. It is true, as was
said by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harding,] when these lands are surveyed in
small quantities they fall almost entirely into
the bauds of the speculators. 1 have some
acquaintance with the wants of Oregon, and
while I should be the last one to add to the
burdens of the people, yet I say this appro-
priation is needed. The gentleman from Ore-
gon has the figures and can give them to the
liouse. I know, from the most reliable sources,
this country should be surveyed, so it may be
settled up. The land that is surveyed and
open to entry is not the sort desired. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Oregon
will be adopted.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. MALt.ory, it was disagreed to—ayes
thirty-one, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory at rate.s not exceeding iH'tcun dollars per htieal
mile for standard tines, live dollars lor township, and
eight dollars tor section lines, So.OUO.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I move to amend by
striking out " tive dollars" and inserting
"twelve dollars;" also by striking out "eight
dollars" and inserting "ten dollars;" and
also by striking out "$5,000" and inserting
"§25,000 so that it will read:
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory nt rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars tor township,
and ten dollars tor section lines, $25,000,
I desire to ask the gentleman who reported
this bill why this appropriation is different for
Montana from what it is for the other Terri-
tories? In every other Territory the rates are
"fifteen dollars per lineal mile for standard
lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines." The Territory of
Montana contains a population of sixty thou-
sand people, and there is not an acre of her
soil surveyed; and yet the law on the statute-
book compels the miner, before he can receive
a patent, to have his lode surveyed. The peo-
ple are settled, massed, and have made their
homes there, and they desire that their home-
steads shall be made secure to them under the
law. But hero is a discrimination against Mon-
tana Territory, both as regards the price paid
for surveying and the total amount appropri-
ated.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. There was
a mistake made in this clause which should be
corrected. Wedesired to give the same amount
for surveying township and section lines as was
asked for in the estimate. If the gentleman
will refer to page 100 of the estimates be will
see that it is seven dollars for township lines and
six dollars for section lines. Iproposetoaniend
his amendment so as to conform to that esti-
mate. In regard to the amount appropriated,
$5,000, which the gentleman proposes to in-
crease to §25,000, 1 oppose the amendment as
being entirely unnecessary. 1 do not think it
necessary to survey an acre of land in Montana.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I call the gentleman's
attention to the estimates on page 70, as
follows:
For survey of public lands in Montana Territory,
at a rate not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
milo for standard lines, twelve dollars for township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $25,000.
So it appears that the Secretary of the In-
terior recommends the amount of appropria-
tion that I have moved.
Sir. WASHBURN13, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is right, llie mistake was made by the
clerk and by myself. His amendment, there-
fore, should be made as to the rates paid, but
the increase of the appropriation should not
be made. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WELKER. I call for a division of the
question on the amendment.
The question being taken on that part of the
amendment increasing the rates for surveying,
it was agreed to.
The question being taken on the latter part
of the amendment to increase the appropria-
tion to $25,000, it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I nowmove to strike
out "$5,000" and insert "$20,000." The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburse] has
admitted that I was right, and that a mistake
was made by the clerk and himself. Now the
Secretary of the Interior recommends $25,000
for this survey. I pretend to know the neces-
sities of the people of Montana better than the
gentleman from Illinois can possible know, and
I assert thatin the valleys of the Gallatin, Jeffer-
son, Madison, Beaverhead, Bitterroot., Deer-
lodge, Missoula, Hellgate, Bonde, Big Hole,
Boulder, and the Missouri river to the Three
Forks, an area of from ten to twelve thousand
square miles, the laud is as rich and valuable
for agricultural purposes as any land on the
continent.
I refer the gentlemat) to the report of the
surveyor of Montana. His estimate was $100.-
000. As I said before, every miner is obliged
to have his claim surveyed befoie he can ob-
tain his patent, and the appropriation of only
$5,000 will not survey a single township. You
might as well appropriate nothing at all.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Cui.lom
and Boyer were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 58.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I now move to strike
out " five" and insert " fifteen," so as to make
the amount $15,000.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] has admitted that the head of the De-
partment has recommended this appropriation
of $25,000. The gentleman has given that
amount to Oregon. I cannotsee why the State
of Oregon lying just due west of us should be
entitled to it any more than Montana, and I
presume that the gentleman from Oregon will
not claim that she is. All I ask for the Terri-
tory is the same rights and privileges and the
same support that are given to the adjoining
States, no more and no less. Let us mete out
justice to these people.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxe] a ques-
tion in this connection. I desire to know why
it is that he appeals to members of this House
and asks them to vote an appropriation of
$15,000 for the survey of lands in Washington
lerritory, and why ho asks an appropriation of
$25,000 for Colorado, and refuses a like appro-
priation for Montana, when there is the same
amount of population to-day settled in the
Territory of Montana, where there never has
been a survey made, where there is absolutely
more need of it than in either of the places I
have mentioned, where mineral lodes are being
taken up, and where surveys have to be made
before a person can acquire title to any min-
eral lands that he may locate. As has been
mentioned by the gentleman from Montana,
[Mr. Cavanaugh,] there are hundreds of val-
leys in that Territory where there are settlers
who desire to make improvements. They do
not know whether those improvements are
going to become theirs permanently, or whether,
when the surveys are completed, a portion of
the lands they have taken up, and upon which
they have constructed their houses and planted
their orchards, will not be divided by township
