2530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I offer
the following resolution, upon which I demand
the previous question :
Be it resolved. That the Senate are hereby requested
to direct that a certified copy of the proceedings of
the last two days in the trial of the impeachment of
the President of the United States be sent to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BROOKS. Have we not a copy in the
Globe—a certified, official copy ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I be-
lieve not; I think not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What proceedings is the
resolution intended to cover ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I pro-
pose to ask for the,two last days' proceedings.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Have they not been
Eublished in the ordinary reports such as they
ave furnished to us at each day's session of
the court?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I only
ask for the proceedings of two days.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I inquire of the gentle-
man if the House has not been furnished day
by day with the ordinary reports of the pro-
ceedings in the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know; I have not had them.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if he has any objection
to add a call for the report of the testimony
taken before the committee of investigation
for the impeachment. I understand that there
are 110 copies left, and it will be very valuable.
The SPEAKER. That would not be ger-
mane to this resolution. This is a resolution
asking the Senate to send certain matters to
the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does this resolution
relate to the secret sessions of the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if it relates to
the secret sessions of the Senate?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It relates
to everything that took place on the last two
days of the session.
Mr. ALLISON. That will not cover Moh-
day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It does not seem to me
that the House is justified in calling for the
proceedings of the secret sessions of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there
has been no secret session of the Senate for
the last two days.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then we have the pro-
ceedings already before us.
Mr. BOYER. 1 rise to a question of order.
It is this: that it is not competent for this
House, by a resolution of this kind, to com-
pel the Senate to furnish these proceedings
except under an order of their own.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains thepoint
of order as stated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Boyer ;] that is, that this House
has no power to compel the Senate to do it. But
the two Ilousea very often ask each other for
matters which are subject to the action of that
House. For instance, the House often asks
the Senate to return a bill which has been sent
to it, but that request is not at all mandatory.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to
state what particular thing he expects to get
from the Senate? Does he want something
not disclosed in the resolution or does he really
want the whole proceedings?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to get from the Senate the vote as given by the
different, Senators upon the articles of impeach-
ment we have sent to that body. I have 110
other object than to get a certified copy of that
vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is published in the
Globe, is it not?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know whether it is or not. There is no certified
official record that I know of published in the
Globe. Ihavenoparticularobjection to modify
my resolution in such way as members may
think proper. If there can be language em-
ployed that would be more respectful, I will
use it; but I do not know of any.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think thereisany,
objection to allowing the gentleman to havfe
anything he wants af the proceedings o£/fne
Senate. We all like flft know what is gojng on
there.
The SPEAKER. DoSithe gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. ELDEiDGB^object^o the reso
lution?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do n3V^ough I think
it is entirely useless, for the same information
has been furnished through the Globe.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to have it for the plain reason that the record
of those votes has never come to this body in
an official shape, and I desire it in that shape.
There will undoubtedly be some further pro-
ceedings had in regard to this impeachment;
what those proceedings will be I do not know.
I suppose that we shall be asked in some way
or other to vote upon the articles which are
still before the Senate. I suppose wc shall yet
be called upon, in some way or other, to give
our votes upon the different questions which
are before the Senate of the United States at
present. I know that there are questions of
great importance ; I know that there are ques-
tions of great value still before the Senate, sit-
ting as a court of impeachment.
While I have 110 desire to make a speech
upon the question, which is now a bygone ques-
tion, yet 1 do not suppose that anybody believes
that the question which was passed upon on
Saturday last is to remain a defunct question.
I do not suppose that anybody believes that
that question is to be carried to the country in
its present condition. And hence it is that I
suppose that everybody ought to desire to see
exactly how it is. I presume that the vote
which will be taken upon that will come before
this body within a few days in such shape as
shall develop and unfold the great acts and
truths which have been enacted, and which have
transpired within the last week.
I make no accusations; I charge nobody
with anything. But to me it seems amazing
that a body of that kind, having before it a
body of men of the highest character, will give
to themselves and to others the character which
they have given, and which they feel disposed
to stamp upon the country. This body of men
being about to see this proud people looking
down upon them as men never before were
gazed upon by a disappointed world, I think
that it is right that all these things should
be laid before the community.
I do not suppose for a single moment that
there is anywhere to be found a body of men
who have determined to prosecute the great
criminal, who was so charged to be and is yet,
from his position by anything but fair and
legitimate means. We are, therefore, asking
that, as these matters have been sent before
the Senate for the purpose of being invest-
igated, every opportunity shall be allowed for
the purpose of ascertaining who have been
willing to listen and who have refused to listen
to the instruction of the accused. That there
has been great, manifold, deep damnation, and
that there is somewhere to be found the greatest
of all mysteries, the mystery of this great prev-
alence of evil, no one can doubt. Let us there-
fore have the whole matter in such a shape that
there may be every opportunity to investigate,
so that all men may see who it is that is wrong,
and who it is that is right.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] permit me to ask him
a question?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman whether
he thinks Senators would be justifiable in per-
juring themselves for the purpose of procuring
the conviction of the President?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well,
sir, I do not think it would hurt them muchl
[Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he offers this
resolution on behalf of the board of managers
or on his own responsibility?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is my
own individual action.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask my colleague
[Mr. Stevens] to allow me five minutes on
this question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no five minutes to yield.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I ask the House
to give me five minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of giving
the gentleman from Pennsylvania an opportu-
nity to speak ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. VAN WYOK. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. UPSON. Is that motion in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It is, as the gentleman
will find by reference to that part of the Man-
ual relative to suspension of the rules.
Mr. WOODWARD. If my colleague will
withdraw the call for the previous question, he
can yield me the floor for five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to granting my colleague five min-
utes if he desires it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevexs] had moved the previous ques-
tion and taken his seat; and 1 object to his
farming out the floor in this way. 1 want fair
dealing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentlemau from Pennsyl-
vania, having offered this resolution, was en-
titled to the floor to speak for one hour; and
if he withdraws the call for the previous ques-
tion he can either occupy the hour himself or
yield it to other gentlemen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. After he has demanded
the previous question and taken his seat ?
The SPEAKER. No vote has been taken
on seconding the call for the previous question,
and the gentleman withdraws the call, as he
has the right to do, and resumes the floor. If
the previous question had been seconded the
gentleman could not have resumed the floor.
The gentleman yields five minutes to his col-
league, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I would
not have said anything on this subject but for
the remarks of my colleague. If I had not
heard those remarks I would have voted for
his resolution ; but after hearing them, it is
impossible for me to do so. And I wish to
take this opportunity to say that in my judg-
ment this whole thing is in the highest degree
indelicate and improper. Whatever may be
the technical difficulties about considering the
Senate as a court in the matter of impeach-
ment, there can be no doubt in the mind of
my colleague or any other man that Senators
are sitting under the obligations of a judicial
oath, and for all practical purposes they are
sitting as judges in a case which is peculiarly
judicial. They have heard the evidence, they
have heard the argument of counsel, they have
decided one count in the indictment, and now,
while they are deliberating 011 their judgment
on the remaining articles of impeachment, I
say it is in the highest degree indelicate - I
mean no personal offense when I add indrcetu—
for the prosecutor to come in with resolutions
calculated^ to influence the judgment of that
court. V> !;y. where in this broad land ha; the
like before ever been witnessed, that a party
may institute a prosecution and go before a
judge, present his ease, and while that judge
I is deliberating upon that ease, set in operation
j a series of influences intended to bear upon
the judgmentof that court in that ease ? Where
have you ever witnessed that before? Where
has the venerable gentleman ever seen any-
thing of the kind before? His professional life
