m
SUPPLEMENT TO
aside, An .illustration outside the limits of
reason is of.no value.
Ill the cases supposed, the unconstitution-
ality of the enact,nent is axiomatic, excluding
opinion or argument. It is a matter of fact
and not a matter, of,opinion. When the case is
on0 on which there are two sides or two differ-
ent views,, it; .is then within the domain of
argument." It is in no sense axiomatic. It is
no longer a matter of fact but a matter of
opinion. When submitted to the Supreme
Court it'is for their "Opinion." Without
occupying time with refinements on this head,
I content myself with asserting that the judg-
ment of the court must be a matter of opinion.
One of the apologists has asserted that such a
judgment is a matter of fact, and, generally,
that the constitutionality of a statute is a matter
of fact. I assert the contrary. When a bench
of judges stands five to four, shall we say that
the majority declare a tact and the minority
declare an opinion'? ,
Assuming, then, what I think cannot be de
nied', that the constitutionality of a statute is
a matter of opinion, the question occurs, what
opinion shall be regarded for the time as de-
cisive. Clfearly the opinion of Congress must
control all executive ollicers from the lowest
to the President. According to a venerable
maxim of jurisprudence, all public acts are
presumed to be correct; omnia ritepresuviun-
tur. ' A statute must be presumed constitu-
tional, "unless on its face the contrary ; and 110
decision of any court is requiied in its favor.
It is the law ot' the land, and must bo obeyed
as such. The maxim which presumes consti-
tutionality is just as binding as the analogous
maxim of the criminal law, which presumes
innocence. The President reversing all this
has presumed the statute unconstitutional, and
acted accordingly. In the name of prerogati\e
he has set it aside.
The apologists have been driven to invoke
the authority of President, Jackson, who as-
serted for himself the power to judge the con-
stitutionality of an act of Congress which, in
the course of legislation required his approval,
all hough (lie question involved had been already
adjudged by the Supremo Court. And he was
clearly right. The court itself would not he
bound by its adjudication. IIow could it con-
strain another branch of the Government?
But Andrew Jackson never put forth the pre-
tension that it was within his prerogative to
nullify a statute, which had been passed over
his veto in the way prescribed by the Consti-
tution. He was courageous, but there was jio
such unconstitutional audacity in his life.
The apologists have also summoned to their
aid those great instances, where conscientious j
citizens have refused obedience to unjust laws.
Such was the case of Hampden, who set an
example for all time in refusing to pay ship
money. Such also was the case of many in
our own country, who spurned the Fugitive
Slave Bill. These exalted characters, 011 their
conscience, refused to obey the law and suffered
accordingly. The early Christians were re-
quired by imperial mandate to strew grain on
the altar of Jove. Though good citizens, they
preferred to be martyrs. Such a refusal can
be no apology for a President, who, in the
name of prerogative breaks the great oath which
he has sworn to see that the laws are faithfully
executed. Rather do these instances, in their
moral grandeur, rebuke the offender.
Here I turn from this Apology of Preroga-
tive, regretting that I cannot say more to un-
fold its destructive character. If anything
could aggravate the transgressions of Andrew
Johnson, stretching in long line from the be-
ginning of his administration, it would be the
claim of right which he sets up. Under such
a claim the slendeiest violation of law becomes
a high crime and misdemeanor, to be puisued
and judged by an indignant people. The
supremacy of the laws must be preserved or
the libeities of all will suffer.
SWAKM OF TECHNIC A LITIkS ANO QCIBBLES.
I now come upon that swarm of technical-
ities, devices, quirks and quibbles which, from
the .beginning, have infested this great pro-
ceeding. It is hard to speak of such things
without giving utterance to a contempt not
entirely parliamentary. To say that they are
petty and miserable, is not enougln To say
that they are utterly unworthy of this historic
occasion, is to treat them politely. They are
nothing but parasitic insects, like ''vermin
gendered in a lion's mane," .and they are so
nimble and numerous, that to deal with them,
as they skip about, one must have the patience
of the Italian peasant, who catches and kills,
one by one, the diminutive animals that infest
his person.
I can give specimens only, and out of many
I take one which can never be forgotten, it
is the Opinion of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Vax Winkle,] which, from begin-
ning to end, treats this impeachment as if it
were a prosecution for sheep-stealing in the
Police Court of Wheeling, and brings to the
defense all the unhesitating resources of a
well-trained criminal lawyer. This famous
Opinion, which is without a parallel in the
annals of jurisprudence, must always be ad-
mired as the marvel of technicality in a pro-
ceeding where technicality should not intrude.
It stands by itself, solitary in its originality.
Others have been technical also; but the Sen-
ator from West Virginia is nothing else. Trav-
eling from law point to law point, or rather
seeing law point after law point skip before
him, at last he lights upon one of the largest
dimensions, and this he boldly seizes and pre-
sents to the Senate. _ •
According to him there is no allegation in
the Articles, that the order for the removal of
Mr. Stanton was -actually delivered to him,
and, this being so, the Senator declares that
"if there is evidence of a delivery to be found
in the proceedings it cannot be applied to this
article in which there is no charge or aver-
ment.'' And this is gravely uttered 011 this
transcendent occasion, when an indignant peo-
ple has risen to demand judgment of a crim-
inal ruler. The article alleges that the order
was "unlawfully issued," and nobody doubts
that its delivery was proved; but this is riot
enough, according to this Senator. I chal-
lenge history for another instance of equal
absurdity in legal pretension. The case which
approaches it the closest is the famous paradox
of the Crown lawyer in the British Parliament,
who, in reply to the argument of our fathers,
that, they could not be taxed without repre-
sentation, bravely insisted that they were rep- 1
resented, and sustained himself by saying that, j
under the colonial charters, the lauds were
! held "in common socage as of the borough 1
j of Greenwich in Kent," and, as Greenwich j
' was represented in Parliament, therefore the j
! colonies were represented there. The pre- I
| tension was perfect in form, but essentially ,
I absurd. The Senator from West Virginia has
; outdone even this climax of technicality. Other
generations, as they read this great trial, with
its accumulation of transgressions ending in
the removal of Mr. Stanton, will note with I
| wonder that a principal reason assigned for !
the verdict of Not Guilty was that there was no !
I allegation in the articles, that the order for ,
| the removal was actually received by Mr. Stan :
| ton, although there was a distinct allegation ;
I that it was "unlawfully issued," and, in point j
i of fact, it was in evidence that the order was j
received by him, and no human being, not even |
the technical Senator, imagined that it was not.
'There is another invention, which has in its j
support, some of the ablest of the apologists,
like the Scnc-tor from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]
|j*the Senator from .Maine, [Mr. Fessexdex,]
II and the Seuatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Tiu'imuu,.]
j1 It is said that "as Mr. Stanton did not go out,
|| therefore there was no removal;" and there-
'I fore Andrew Johnson is not guilty. If 011 an
j! occasion like the present the authority of names
could change the unreal into ihe real, then this
j, pretension might have weight. But it is im-
possible that anything so essentially frivolous
should be recognized in this proceeding. Such
are the shifts of a cause to be defended only by
shifts. Clearly the offense of the President
was in the order " unlawfully issued," and this
was complete the moment it was delivered.
So far as depended upon him, Mr. Stanton was
removed. This was the way in which the-coun-
try saw the transaction; and this is the way in
which it will be recorded by history.
But these same apologists, with curious in-
consistency, when they come to consider the
appointment of General Thomas, insist that
there was a vacancy in point of law, called by
the Senator from Maine a legal vacancy. If
there was such a vacancy, it was because there
had been a removal in point of law. There is
no escape from this consequence. If there
was a removal in point of law, and there was
no right to make it, the President was guilty
of a misdemeanor in point of law and must
take the consequences.
It would be unprofitable to follow these inven-
tions further. From these know all. In the
face of Presidential pretentions, inconsistent
with constitutional liberty, the apologists have
contributed their efforts to save the criminal by
subtleties, which can secure his acquittal in
form only, as by a daw in an indictmcnt, and
they have done this, knowing that he will be
left in power to assert his prerogative, and that
his acquittal will be a new letter of license.
Nothing which the skill of the lawyer could
supply has been wanting. This learned pro-
fession has leut to the criminal all the arts in
which it excels, giving all to him and forget-
ting the Republic. Every doubt, every scru-
ple, every technicality, every subtlety, every
quibble has been arrayed on his side, wuen, by
every rule of reason and patriotism, all should
have been arrayed 011 the side of our country.
The Public Safety, which i3 the supreme law,
is now imperiled. Are we not told by Black-
stone, that the law is always ready to catch at
anything m favor of liberty ? But these apolo-
gists "catch at anything" to save a usurper.
The trick of the apologists has been this: by
the stringent application of technical rules to
shut out all except the offenses charged in the ar-
ticles, and then, when stress was laid upon these
offenses to cry out, that at most they were ouly
technical, and too trifling for impeachment. To
satisfy lawyers the House weakly declined to
act on the bloody transgressions of two years;
but they sought to provide against the future.
Like the lioman ambassadors, they traced a
line about the offender, which he was not to
pass except at his peril. This was the line of
law. At last he passed this line, openly, know-
ingly, defiantly, and now, that he is arraigned
for this plaiu offense, we are told that it is
nothing, only a little technicality. One of the
counsel at the bar, Mr. Groesbeck, in a speech
which showed liovv much feeling and talent
could be given to a wrong side, exclaimed :
"Italmost shocks mo to think that the President
of the United States is to be dragged out of otiicc on
these miserable little questions whether he could
make an ad interim appointment for a single day."
Only by excluding the whole context and all its
antecedents, could the question be reduced to
this trivial form ; and yet, even thus reduced,
it involved nothing less than the Supremacy
of the Laws.
I know not how such a question can be called
"trifling." Often a great cause is presented
on a narrow issue. Thus it was when English
liberty was argued on the claim of ship-money,
which was a tax of a few shillings only. _ Be-
hind this question, called trilling by the kingly
apologists of that day, loftily stood the great
cause of the People against Prerogative, being
the same which is now peuding before the Sen-
ate. That other cause, 011 which at a later
day hung the destinies of this continent, was
presented on a narrower issue still. There
was a tax of threepence a pound on tea, which
our fathers refused to pay. But behind this
question,.so trifling to the apologists of pre-
rogative, as behind that of ship-money, stood
loftily the same great cause. The first cost
