3554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
and then if oar bill does not cover this case
the gentleman can report the bill back.
There was no objection; and the bill was
recommitted to the Committee of Claims, with
leave to report it back at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have a bill of the same
character for the relief of Charles C. McCreary.
I ask that it be placed on the same footing.
There was no objection, and leave was given
to the committee to report the bill at any time.
MERCHANT AND ROSECRANZ.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1820) for the relief of L. Merchant &
Co. and Peter Rosecranz; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Leander
Merchant, of the firm of L. Merchant & Co.,
the sum of $109,412 81 for certain cotton, the
property of said firm, taken erroneously and
without due authority by agents of the United
States, the civil and military authorities at
Mobile, Alabama, in the month of April, 1805,
shipped to New York, sold by the United
States, aud the proceeds thereof paid into the
Treasury, the charges and expenses of the
United States having been deducted therefrom.
It proposes further to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay Peter Rosecranz the sum
of $39,253 10, the proceeds of the sale of
forty-one bales of cotton, the private property
of said Rosecranz, taken, sold, and appropri-
ated at the same time and place and in the
same manner, the charges and expenses of
the United States having likewise been deducted
therefrom.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
on that bill that it makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The bill contains an
appropriation, and must have its first consider-
ation in Committee of the Whole House.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, aud ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS.
Mr. WASHBURN ofMasaechusetts, from the
Committee of Ciaiins, also reported back, with
a recommendation that the same do pass, Senate
bill No. 307, for the relief of certain Govern-
ment contractors.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of order
that this is an appropriation bill, and must,
under the rule, receive its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN of Massachusetts. I wish
the gentleman would withdraw his point of
order for a moment until I can make a state-
ment in regard to this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman should make his statement; but
I would suggest to him that he will be merely
consuming so much of his morning hour.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will renew the point
of order, no matter what explanation may be
made.
Mr. WASHBURN of Massachusetts. The
House will understand that if this bill is re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole it will
be laid up for this session, as it is not likely that
it can be reached.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I think it ought to be
laid up for this session ; I think that would be
the proper disposition of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is but little on the
Private Calendar, and we can soon dispose
of the matters there.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar, aud ordered to be printed.
CHARLES N. GOOLDING.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill No. 251, for the
relief of Charles N. Goulding, late quarter-
master of volunteers, with a recommendation
that the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time. ,
The bill authorizes the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow and place to
the credit of Charles N. Goulding, late cap-
tain and assistant quartermaster, in the final
settlement of his accounts as such officer, such
amounts and sums as he shall satisfactorily
prove to have been captured, either in money
or vouchers, by the enemy in the month of
August, 1862, while on duty in the army of
Virginia, under Major General John Pope;
provided that no greater amount for losses
shall so be passed to his credit than the bal-
ance now appearing against him on the books
of the Government.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
report will be read.
Mr. COBB. There is no report in this case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will make some explanation of
this bill.
Mr. COBB. I will state for the information
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burxe] and of the House, that this gentleman,
Charles N. Goulding, was first chief quarter-
master under General Rosecrans; then chief
quartermaster under General Pr6mont, and
afterward chief quartermaster under General
Pope. Duringthe time he was serving in these
several capacities he paid out, under compe-
tent authority, for the purchase of forage,
horses, &c., $108,102 44, for which he took the
proper and necessary vouchers. He had these
vouchers with him in his safe on the 22d of
August, 1802, at Catlett's Station, Virginia,
when the headquarter's train, including the
quartermaster himself,his safe, and all the prop-
erty, public and private, in the safe, was cap-
tured by the rebel General Stuart. In the safe,
besides the vouchers for the amount I have
named, were Government funds to the amount
of $4,844 57. These vouchers were for prop-
erty for which money was paid, the property
having been turned over to other officers, and
has been accounted for in their returns.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does this
bill include the $4,000 in money?
Mr. COBB. "It was in his safe, and was taken
out by the rebel Stuart, as is fully proved by
witnesses.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Is not that
establishing the principle of paying for money
captured by the rebels ?
Mr. COBB. I do not know that that ques-
tion was ever raised where proof of the cap-
ture was clear and conclusive.
Mr. PAINE. I do not understand that this
money was the private property of the officer.
Mr. COBB. By no means; it was Govern-
ment funds.
Mr. PAINE. Then it does not come under
the objection made by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. COBB. These charges are made to the
debit of this officer on the books of the Gov-
ernment. In addition to these vouchers there
was captured a large amount of Government
property, for which this officer was responsible.
The Department has allowed for the Govern-
ment property, but the money and money
vouchers cannot be allowed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T am sorry
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] has
not put his explanation in the shape of a report
to go upon the records of the House. I think
in all these cases there should be a written
report setting out fully the principle upon
which the claims are allowed.
Mr. COBB. I assure the gentleman that the
Committee of Claims are not inclined to be
very liberal in allowing claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is un-
necessary for me to say that I have the utmost
confidence in the Committee of Claims; but I
think the suggestion I make is one worthy of
being entertained by that committee.
Mr. COBB. I have no doubt it will be con-
sidered by them.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE D. BLAKEY.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 314) for
the relief of George D. Blakey, late collector
of the second district of Kentucky; which was
read a first and second time. _
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to credit George
D. Blakey, late collector of internal revenue
for the second district of Kentucky, with such
sums of money, not exceeding $1,445, as shall
appear from evidence to be submitted to the
proper accounting officers to have been taken
by robbery by armed bands of rebel guerrillas
from Elias Dunbar and Dory Nell, deputy col-
lectors for Blakey in the counties of Russell
and Monroe, in the months of February and
April, 1865.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUSAN CARSON.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1321) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Susan Carson ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
MAJOR V. P. STEVENS.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1322) for
the relief of Major P. F. Stevens, assistant
paymaster United States Army, Wisconsin
volunteers ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Paymaster General's office and
the Treasury Department, in the settlement of
the accounts of Major P. P. Stevens, late an
assistant paymaster of the United States Army,
credit him with $3,078 63, as of the 1st of
April, 1867, that amount of money being in
his hands on that day and lost by the burning
of the steamer Alabama on the Mississippi
river; provided that in the opinion of tha
accounting officers the allowance should be
made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tim§; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the. motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WALTER D. PLOWDEN.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1323) for
the relief of Walter D. Plowden; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the proper officers of the
War and Treasury Departments to allow and
pay to Walter D. Plowden $1,000 for services
as a scout spy, and in consideration of his
long confinement in rebel prisons for being a
Union man.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the bill be
modified by striking out the words "proper
officers of the Warand Treasury Departments"
and inserting "Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. HARDING. I have no objection to
that. I yield for three minutes to the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. HAWKINS. An examination of this
case reveals this state of facts: this man weiit
into the Army, not into the service of the Uni-
ted States, but as the servant of an officer, and,
after remaining in the service of that officer
for some time, and with other officers in tha
