THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
Charles I his head. The second cost George
III his colonies. If such a question can be
disparaged as of small moment, then have the
martyred dead iti all tunes suffered in vain ;
then was the costly blood lavished for the sup-
pression of our Rebellion an empty sacrifice.
Constantly we are admonished that we must
confine ourselves to the articles. Senators ex-
press a pious horror at looking outside the
articles, and insist upon directing attention to
these only. Here the Senator from Maine is
very strong. I tis the "specific offenses charged"
and these only that he can see. He will not
look at anything else, although spread upon
the record of the Senate, and filling the laud
with its accumulated horrors. Of course such a
system of exclusion sacrifices justice, belittles
this trial, and forgets that essential latitude of
inquiry which belongs to a political proceed-
ing, having for its object expulsion from office
only and not punishment. It is easy by looking
at an object through the wrong end of an opera
glass to find it dwarfed, contracted and soli-
tary. This is not the way to look at nature ;
nor is it the way to look at Andrew Johnson.
This great offender should be seen in the light
of day; precisely as he is ; nor more, nor less ;
with nothing dwarfed; with no limits to the
vision, and with all the immense back-ground
of accumulated transgressions filling the hor-
izon as far as the eye can reach. The sight
might ache; but how else can justice be dons?
A Senator who begins by turning these articles
into an inverted opera glass, takes the first step
towards a judgment of acquittal. Alas! that
.the words of Burke are not true, when, assert-
ing the comprehensive character of impeach-
ment, he denied, that, under it " they who
have no hope in the justice of their cause can
have any hope that by some subtleties of form,
some mode of pleading, by something, in short,
different from the merits of the case they may
prevail." (Bond's Trial of Hastings, vol. 1,
p. 11.) The orator was right in thus indig-
nantly dismissing all questions of pleading and
all subtleties of form. This proceeding is of
substance and not of form. It is on the merits
only that it can be judged.^ Anything short
of this is the sacrifice of justice.
Such is the case of this enormous criminal.
Events, belonging to history enrolled in the
records of the Senate, and familiar to the coun-
try are deliberately shut out from view, while
we are treated to legal niceties without end.
The lawyers have made a painful record.
Nothing ever occurred so much calculated to
bring tiie profession into disrepute; for never
before has been such a theater where lawyers
were the actors. Their peculiarities have been
exhibited to the world. _ Here was a great ques-
tion of justice, appealing to the highest senti-
ments and involving the best interests of the
country—-one of the greatest questions of all
tiriie; but the lawyers, in their instincts for the
dialectics of the profession, forgot that ever-
lasting truth which cannot be forgotten with
impunity. They started at once in full cry. A
quibbleis to a lawyer what Dr. Johnson says
it was to Shakspeare: "He follows it at all
adventures ; it is sure to lead him out of the
way; it has some malignant power over his
mind and its fascinations are irresistible. A
quibble is the golden apple for which he will
always turn aside from his career; a quibble,
poor and barren, as it is. gives him such delight
that he is content to purchase it by the sacri-
fice of reason, propriety and truth." In this
Shaksperian spirit our lawyers have acted.
They have pursued their quibbles with the
ardor of the great dramatist; and even now are
chasing them through the Senate Chamber.
Unhappily this is according to history, and
our lawyers are not among the splendid excep-
tions. But there is a reward for those who
stand firm. Who does not honor the exalted
magistrate of France, the Chancellor L'Hos-
pitai, who set such an example of justice above
laws? Who does not honor those lawyers of
En"lish history, through whose toils_ liberty
w.i?uphold? There was Selden, so wise and
learned ; Pyra, so grand in statesmanship ;
Somers, who did so much to establish the best
securities of the constitution. Nor can I for-
get at a later day, that greatest advocate,
Brskine, who lent to the oppressed his wonder-
ful eloquence; nor Mackintosh and Brougham,
who carried into the courts that enlarged intel-
ligence and sympathetic nature wfiich the pro-
fession of the law could not constrain. These
are among the names that have already had
their reward, above the artful crowd which in
all times has come to the defense of preroga-
tive. It is no new thing that we witness now.
The lawyer in other days has been, as we know
him, prone to the Support of power and ready
with his technical reasons; whichever side he
takes he finds reasons, plenty as pins. When
free to choose and not hired, his argument is
the reflection of himself. All that he says is
his own image. He takes sides on a law point
according to his sentiments. Cultured in the
law, and with that aptitude which is sharpened
by its contests, too easily he finds a legal rea-
son for an illegal judgment. Next to an out-
right mercenary, give me a lawyer to betray a
great cause. The forms of law lend themselves
to the betrayal. It is impossible to forget that
the worst pretensions of prerogative, no matter
how unblushing, have been shouldered by the
lawyers. It was they who carried ship-money
against the pati'iot exertions of Hampden ; and
in our country it was they who held up slavery
in all its pretensions from beginning to end.
What is sometimes called the legal mind of
Massachusetts, my own honored State, bent
before the technical reasoning which justified
the unutterable atrocities of the fugitive slave
bill, while the supreme court of the State
adopted it from the bench. Alas! that it
should be so. When will lawyers and judges
see that nothing short of justice can stand?
guilty os all the akticles.
After this survey it is easy for me to declare
how I shall vote. My duty will be to vote
guilty on all the articles, if consistent with
the rules of the Senate I should vote, " Guilty
of all and infinitely more."
Not doubting that Mr. Stanton was protected
by the tenure-of-office act, and that he was
believed to be so by the President, it is clear
to me that the charges in the first and second
articles are sustained. These two articles go
together. I have already said in the course of
this Opiniou, that the appointment of General
Thomas as Secretary of War ad interim was
without authority of law, and under the cir-
cumstances, a violation of the Constitution.
Accordingly the third article is sustained.
Then come what are called the conspiracy
articles. Here al-o I am clear. Plainly there
was an agreement between the President and
General Thomas to get possession of the War
Department, and to prevent Mr. Stanton from
coutinning in office, and this embraced the
control of the mails and property belonging to
the Department, all of which was contrary to
the tenure-of-office act. Intimidation and
threats were certainly used by one of the con-
spirators, and in the case of conspiracy, the
acts of one are the acts of all. The evidence
that force was intended is considerable, and all
this must be interpreted by the general char-
acter of the offender, his menacing speeches
and the long series of transgressions which pre-
ceded this conspiracy. I cannot doubt that the
conspiracy was to obtain possession of the War
Department, peaceably if it could, forcibly if it
must. As such it was a violation oflaw, worthy
of the judgment of the Senate. This disposes
of the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles.
The eighth article charges that General
Thomas was appointed to get the control of
the moneys appropriated for the military ser-
vice and the Department of War. All this
would be an incident to the control of the War
Department. In getting the control of the
latter he would be able to wield the former.
The evidence applicable to the one is also ap-
plicable to the other.
The ninth article opens a different question.
This charge? a wicked purpose to corrupt Gen-
eral Emory and draw him from his military
duty. JST.ot much .passed, between the, Presi-
dent' and the General; .but, it wa& -.enough, Jo
show that the President was playing, the papt
of lago. There was a hypocritical ^irdf^ssio#
of regard for the Constitution, while he
betraying it. Here again .his past character*
explains his purpose, so as not to lea,ve, any
reasonable doubt with regard to it.
Then came the scandalous speeches, pr.ov.ed
as set forth in the articles, so .that ev.en the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Van wiukib]
must admit that'the evidence and the.pleading
concur. Here is no question of form. Tomy
mind this is one of the strongest articled On
this alone, without anything else, I should
deem it my duty to vote for expulsion from
office. No person capable of such speeches
should be allowed to govern this country. Jt
is absurd to tolerate the idea. Besides being
degraded, the country cannot be safe in sucE
hands. The speeches are a revelation of him-
self, not materially different from w.ell-knQwn
incidents ; but they serve to exhibit him in his
true character. They show him to be unfitfcr
the official trust he enjoys. They were the ut-
terances of a drunken man; and yet it does not
appear that he was drunk. Now it is accord-
ing to the precedents of our history .that a per-
son disqualified by drunkenness, shall be re-
moved from office. This was the ease of
Pickering in 1804. But a sober man, whose
conduct suggests drunkenness, is as bad at least
as if he were drunk. _ Is he not worse.? I.f
without the explanation of drunkenness,.he
made such harangues, it seems to me that his
unfitness for office becomes more evident, inas-
much ashis deplorable condition is natural and
not abnormal. The drunken man has luci.d
intervals; but where is the assurance of a lucid
interval for this perpetual offender? _ Derange-
ment is with him the normal condition.
It is astonishing to find that these infamous
utterances, where ribaldry vies with blasphemy,
have received a coat of varnish from the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Eessexden,] who tells
us that they were not "official;" nor oid they
"violate the Constitution, or any provision of
the common or statute law, either in letter or
spirit." In presence of such apologies for
revolting indecencies it is hard to preserve a
proper calmness. Wore they not uttered?
This is enough. The drunkenness of Andrew
Johnson, when he took his oath as Vice Presi-
dent, was not '' official;" but who will say that
it was not an impeachable offense? And who
will say that these expectorations differ in vile-
ness from that drunkenness? If they did not
violate the Constitution or any provision of the
common or statute law, as is apologetically
alleged, I cannot doubt that they violated the
spirit of all laws. And then we are further
reminded by the apologists of that "freedom
of speech," which is a constitutional right; and
thus, in the name of a great right, we are to
give a license to utterances that shock the
moral sense, and are a scandal to human na-
ture. Spirit of John Milton! who pleaded so
grandly for this great liberty, but would not
allow it to be confounded with license, speak
to save this Republic from the shame of sur-
render to this insufferable pretension!
The eleventh article is the most comprehen-
sive of all. In some respects it is an omnium
gatherum. Here in one mass is what is con-
tained in other articles, and something else
beside. Here is an allegation of a speech by
the President in which he denied that Con-
gress was a Congress ; and then, in pursuance
of this denial, it is alleged that he attempted to
prevent the execution of the tenure-of-office
act, also of an important clause in the Army
appropriation act; and also of the reconstruc-
tion act; and then the evidence followed sus-
taining completely the allegation. The speech
was made as set forth. The attempt to pre-
vent the execution of the tenure-of-office act,
who can question ? The attempt to corrupt
General liinot'y is in evidence. The whole
history of the country shows how earnest the
President has been to arrest the reconstruction
act and generally the congressional Mihcme of
