1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A joint resolution (EL R. No. 91) concern-
ing certain lands granted to railroad compa-
nies in the States of Michigan and W isconsin—
to the Committee on Public Lands; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 99) to allow
members of Congress to inspect papers in the
Post Office Department—to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Retolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Friday, the 20th instant, the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall declare their respective
Houses adjourned, until Monday, the 6th of January
next.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not act on it now?
Mr. SUMNER. We do not want to act on
it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
SUFFRAGE TO COLORED MEN.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hands a peti-
tion which I have received since I have been
in the Chamber this morning, which, with the
permission of the Senate, I will present now.
It is from General James S. Brisbin, of the
Ariny of the United States, and thirty thou-
sand colored men of Kentucky, in which they
ask that Congress would grant to them the
right of suffrage; and they add: "It is be-
lieved by your petitioners that their enfran-
chisement will arrest the cruel spirit of rob-
bery, arson, and murder in Kentucky, as it
most evidently has done in more southern
States." They conclude: "Hoping that this
our humble petition may be kindly received,
and our prayer granted, we will ever pray."
I ask the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. DAVIS. Before that memorial is re-
ferred I ask leave to make a single remark
upon it. It contains a false and a foul libel
upon the State of Kentucky.
REPORT OF COMPTROLLER OF CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
lietolved. That there beprinted fivd thousand copies
of the report of tho Comptroller of the Currency,
without tho detailed reports—four thousand for tho
use of the said Comptroller and one thousand for the
uso of tho Senate.
THE CURRENCY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 148.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 148) to raise the value
of legal-tender notes to par.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the present bill was introduced with the
hope, after it shall have been referred to the
Committee on Finance and be there perfected, j
of reaching a practical remedy for some of the
evils which serve at present to distract the
mind and embarrass the industry of the peo-
ple. I have faith in the efficacy of the propo-
sition to do all it proposes to do on its face.
If it does that it will do much. It will make
obsolete any question as to the impregnability
of the p«blic faith. It will silence the dema-
gogues who prate about one currency for bond-
holders and a cheaper one for pensioners and
day-laborers. It will extinguish the fear which
depreciated paper money, begets of an ultimate
bastardy and aisownment by its own progeni-
tors. It will put the real capital of the country
permanently at work. It will make it possible
to adjust our tariff on fixed principles. It will
make our national banks really national and
no longer institutions extensively perverted to
private specnlation3. And last and most im-
portant, it will by at once reducing Government
expenditures and the cry for increased pay,
largely reduce taxation, and by increasing the
productive power of the country, now held the
fettered slave of every cash-paying nation of
the world, it will add untold millions to the
national wealth. If we would resuscitate the
drooping energies of our people and enable
.them to pay taxes easily let us give them a
sound currency, not inferior to any in the world.
Most unquestionably this is one of the first and
highest duties of legislators. Failing in this,
we shall fall short, attempt what we may.
An increase of currency adds nothing to the
capital of the country, but by its very increase
creates a wild and disordered demand for it,
which, though profusely fed, can never be
wholly satisfied. Not unlike the drunkard's
thirst, still unquenched no matter how much
he may drink, the thirst for paper money ex-
pansion cannot be cured by expansion.
Thcsubjects we are most urgently called upon
to discuss are the public debt, the currency,
and taxation. Fortunately we can do this when
our people, unlike those of France and Eng-
land, are not clamoring for bread. The har-
vest for the season is over, and if not a very
great one is certainly not a deficient one. For
our own use we have enough and something to
spare. Our mines steadily increase in number
and in their products. Our manufacturers and
merchants, if doing a business less remunera-
tive in consequence of overestimating southern
ability for consumption and underestimating
the recent pressure from over-production in
foreign markets, have by adhering to the pay-
as-you-go system maintained a solid credit, and
are in no danger of bankruptcy. On the whole,
the material interests of the country are in a
more prosperous condition than could have
been reasonably anticipated so early after the
conclusion of a long and expensive war. If
there is discontent with taxation, evflh when it
is enforced at the minimum rate, as there always
will be more or less, it is not extraordinary that
there should be murmurs while it has only just
begun to recede from the maximum rate.
Larger evils having passed away the lesser
become more conspicuous. -
Within the last two years we nave surrendered
internal taxes which might have yielded had
they not been repealed $125,000,000, or more
j than half of all we collected in 1865 or should
under existing laws collect in 1868. This should
be counted as some relief, and what more
is possible must now be granted. It is com-
mon for some who have not even passed
through the horn-books of taxation, and I am
sorry to say for some from whom less flippancy
might have been expected, to denounce the
system of taxation to which Congress resorted
in a sudden and great emergency as "intoler-
able" and even "execrable." The fact that
for four years its great purpose of sustaining the
credit of the country was secured is wholly
kept in the background. The fact that in two
years after the close of the war, or from Sep-
tember, 1865, notwithstanding the reduction
of rates and the numerous exemptions granted,
it furnished means to pay $266,185,121 43
of the war debt is quite ignored. The fact,
in spite of the heavy burden of continuous
taxation and the prodigious withdrawal of
labor to the field of war, that our people
steadily increased their wealth for five success-
ive years, is never alluded to. The fact that its
distribution was so fairly and equitably made
that no section or State has ever complained
of inequality is not even mentioned. To be
sure some of these critical growlers have
themselves proposed schemes of taxation, but
it is profoundly to be hoped that the country
may never be so unfortunate as to be com-
pelled to put then to any practical test. The
present internal revenue law, as a permanent
system, need not be argued as perfect. Its
defects in time of peace which may be readily
seen, are not, however, irremediable. But
the past is secure. It was a success, though
the soured passion of disloyalty howled then
and whimpers now. After emancipation, dur-
ing this memorable epoch, there has been uo
work done by Congress—and Congress worked
on this subject almost as a unit—which will
receive more honorable mention in future
history.
But our present solicitude is to lighten tax-
ation. This is more pleasant labor for us and
more agreeable to our constituents than the
unrelenting task of searching for new objects
from which to wring an increase of revenue,
andT have no doubt of its successful accom-
plishment.
First, there should be, I will not say a fero-
cious, but I will say, as I have heretofore often
said, a sharp curtailment of all Government
expenditures. For pensions and for a small
increase of the Army something must be added,
but beyond that let us return to the scale existing
before the war. We can reduce our expenses
in almost every direction without injury to
the public service. It may be advisable to pay
our revenue officers liberally and then have
penal statutes to send every one who may be
guilty of fraud or peculation to the cell pro-
vided for criminals without benefit of clergy
and beyond the hope of pardon.
This being done, it will be no longer folly to
strive to obtain such revenues as we may need
from a half dozen articles. At the outset not
only were these identical articles strained to
their utmost point of production, but there had
to be an indiscriminate muster for duty of the
entire industry of the country. Nothing less
would insure success and prevent the loud
clamor which a contrary course would have
raised against the class of exempts. In the
money circles we had no friends abroad, and
those at home, unused to such perils, stood
back aghast and the Government had to rely
upon the power to lay and collect taxes. Now.
with our machinery somewhat perfected ana
with our wants compressed and fixed, we may
hope ere long to obtain from a few articles all
that may be needed for our ordinary expendi-
tures.
The next question which seems ordained to
vex the public is that of the currency, and
upon this there are so many masters dead, so
many more living, that I can scarcely hope for
a patient hearing before a body to whom the
subject is not new, and especially as I shall
not attempt to please the ear but rather appeal
to the sober sense of the Senate. An incon-
vertible currency never has been and never
will be successfully employed, unless strictly
used for a temporary purpose and rigidly lim-
ited in its duration. If there has been, tell
me when and where ? It is possible the case
of Great Britain may be cited during the
twenty years' war against Napoleon, but the
British Government issued no legal tenders
and nothing at all to pass as money of any
sort. There was a restriction imposed on the
Bank of England in 1797 against paying cash
or specie for its notes; the bank all the while
doing nothing but a legitimate banking busi-
ness, not much expanding its issues, lending
very little to the Government, and keeping its
bills at par, or about par, with gold for ten
years thereafter ; and yet Mr. Pitt studiously
and continuously caused it to be understood,
so long as he lived, that the restriction was a
temporary measure, renewed from year to
year, and at last extended until the war should
be ended. Finally an act was passed that the
restriction should be removed in 1823, but the
bank soon asked as a favor to be permitted to
resume two years earlier, and when that time
approached there was no difference between
the price of gold and the Bank of England
notes, nor was there any run upon the bank
for specie. And yet there were years during
the suspension when, with only £20,000,000 or
$100,000,000 of inconvertible notes issued, it
required beyond the capital and prestige of
the bank the whole strength of the credit of
Great Britain, supported by the patriotism of
all her people to sustain the load. The vic-
tory of Waterloo, by which so large a chapter
in the world's history has been changed, had
Grouchy been as many hours in advance of
Blucher as the latter was iu advance of the
