474
SUPPLEMENT TO
reconstruction. The removal of Mr. Stanton
was in order to be relieved of an impediment
to his purpose. I accept this article in gross
and in detail. It has been proved in all its
parts.
CONCLUSION.
In the judgment which I now deliver I can-
not hesitate. To my vision the path is clear
as day. Never in history was there a great
case" more free from all just doubt. If Andrew
Johnson is not guilty, then never was a polit-
ical offender guilty before; and, if his acquittal
is taken as a precedent, never can a political
offender be found guilty again. The proofs are
mountainous. Therefore, you are now determ-
ining whether impeachment shall continue a
beneficent remedy in the Constitution, or be
blotted out forever, and the country handed
"over to the terrible process of revolution as its
sole protection. If this milder process cannot
be made effective now, when will it, ever be?
Under what influences? On what proofs? You
wait for something. What? Is it usurpation?
You have it before you, open, plain, insolent.
Is it the abuse of delegated power? That, too,
you have in this offender, hardly less broad than
the powers he has exercised. Is it the violation
of law ? -For more than two years he has set
your laws at defiance, and when Congress, by
a special enactment, strove to constrain him,
he broke forth in rebellion against this consti-
tutional authority. Perhaps you ask still for
something more. Is it a long catalogue of
crime, where violence and corruption alter-
nate, while loyal men are sacrificed and the
rebellion is lifted to its feet? That also is here.
The apologists are prone to remind the Sen-
ate that they are acting under the obligation
of an oath. So are the rest of us, even if we
do not ostentatiously declare it. By this oath,
which is the same for all, wo arc sworn to do
"impartial justice." It is justice, and this
justice must be impartial. There must be no
false weight and no exclusion of proper weights.
Therefore, I cannot allow the quibbles of law-
yers on mere questions of form to sway this
judgment against justice. Nor can I consent
to shut out from view that longlist, of transgres-
sions explaining and coloring the final act of
defiance. To do so is not to render impartial
justice, but to depart from this golden rule.
The oath we have taken is poorly kept if we
forget the Public Safety in devices for the crim-
inal. Above all else, now and forever, is that
justice which "holds the scales of right with
even hand." In this sacred name, and in the
name also of country, that great charity em-
bracing so many other charities, I now make
this final protest against all questions of form
at the expense of the Republic.
Something also has been said of the people,
now watching our proceedings with patriot
solicitude, and it has been proclaimed that
they are wrong to intrude their judgment. I
do not think so. This is a political proceed-
ing, which the people at this moment are as
competent to decide as the Senate. They are
the multitudinous jury, coming from no small
vicinage, but from the whole country; for, on
this impeachment, involving the Public Safety,
the vicinage is the whole country. It is they who
have sent us here, as their representatives, and
in their name to consult for the common weal.
In nothing can we escape their judgment, least
of all on a question like that now before us.
It is a mistake to suppose that the Senate only
has heard the evidence. The people have heard
it also, day by day, as it was delivered, and
have, carefully considered the case on its mer-
its, properly dismissing all apologetic subtle-
ties. It will be for them to review what has
been done. They are above the Senate, and
will " rejudge its justice." Thus it has been
111 other cases. The popular superstition which
long surrounded the Supreme Court could not
save this tribunal from condemnation, amount-
ing sometimes to execration, when, by an odious
judgment, it undertook to uphold Slavery ; and
down to this day Congress has justly refused to
place the bust of the Chief Justice, who pro-
nounced this judgment, in the hall of that tri-
bunal where he presided so long. His prede-
cessors are all there in marble; no marble of
Taney is there. The present trial, like that in
the Supreme Court, is a battle with Slavery.
Acquittal is another Dred Scott decision, and
another chapter in the Barbarism of Slavery.
How can Senators, who are discharging a po-
litical function only, expect that the voice of
the people will be more tender for them than
it was for a Chief J ustice, pronouncing judgment
from the bench of the Supreme Court in the
exercise of judicial power? His fate we know.
Nor learning, nor privat^virtues, nor vener-
able years, could save him from justice. In
the great pillory of history he stands, and there
he must stand forever.
The people cannot witness withindifference
the abandonment of the great Secretary, who
organized their armies against the rebellion
and then organized victory. Following him
gratefully through the trials of the war, they
found new occasion for gratitude when he stood
out alone against that wickedness which was
lifted to power on the pistol of an assassin.
During these latter days, when tyrannical pre-
rogative invaded all, he has kept the bridge.
When at a similar crisis of English history
Hampden stood out against the power of the
Crown, it is recorded by the contemporary his-
torian, Clarendon, that "he became the argu-
ment of all tongues; every man inquiring who
and what he was, that durst at his own charge
support the liberty and property of the king-
dom and rescue his country from being made a
prey to the Court." Such tliingsare also said
with equal force of our Secretary. Nor is it
forgotten that the Senate, by two solemn votes
of more than two thirds, has twice instructed
him to stay at the War Department, the Presi-
dent to the contrary notwithstanding. The
people will not easily understand, 011 what prin-
ciple of Constitution, law, or morals, the Sen-
ate can twice instruct the Secretary to stay,
and then, by another vote, deliberately surren-
der him a prey to presidential tyranny. Talk
of a somersault; talk of self-stultification ; are
not both here? God save me from participa-
tion in this disastrous wrong, and may He
temper it kindly to our afflicted country.
For myself, I cannot despair of the Repub-
lic. It is a life-boat, which wind and wave
cannot sink; hut it may suffer much and be
beaten by storms. All this I clearly see before
us, if you fail to displace an unfit commander,
whose power is a peril and a shame.
Alas 1 for all the evil that must break upon
the country, especially in the suffering South,
as it goes forth that this bad man is confirmed
in the prerogatives he has usurped.
Alas! for that peace and reconciliation, the
longing of good men, now postponed.
Alas 1 for that security, so important to all,
as the only foundation on which to build, polit-
ically or financially. This, too, is postponed.
How can people found a government or plant
or buy unless they are first secure 1
Alas! for the Republic degraded as never
before, while the Whisky Ring holds its orgy
of corruption and the Ku-Klux-Iilan holds its
orgy of blood!
Alas! for the hearts of the people bruised
to unutterable sadness, as they witness the
cruel tyranny installed anew!
Alas! for that race so long oppressed, but
at last redeemed from bondage, now plunged
back into another hell of torment.
Alas! for the Unionists, white and black
alike, who have trusted to our flag. You now
surrender them to those persecutors, whose j
representative is before you for judgment.
They are the last in my thoughts, as I pronounce
that vote which is too feeble to save them from
intolerable wrong and outrage, They are fel-
low-citizens of a common country, brethren of
a common Humanity. I offer them at this
terrible moment the sympathy and fellowship
of a heart that suffers with them. So just a
cause cannot be lost. Meanwhile may they
find in themselves, and in the goodness of an
overruling Providence, that rescue and protec-
tion which the Senate refuses to give.
OPINION
OF
HON. JUSTIN S.MORRILL.
An explanation of a vote in the Senate may
be desirable and sometimes useful, but 110
explanation can ever rise in value above that
of the record of the vote itself; and there is
no vote which can be taken under any circum-
stances from which the consciences of Senators
can be separated from an oath. In an im-
peachment trial the" obligation is more impres-
sive by being made special instead of general.
The duty is changed, and a corresponding
change is made in the form of the oath. That
change freshly requires of us impartiality ac-
cording to law and the facts. Our votes upon
the articles of impeachment will stand for all
coming time as the embodiment of our view of
the merits of the whole ease. It is that upon
which I hope to justify a clear conscience, and
not upon making a better argument than has
yet been made upon one side or the other.
I shall not attempt an exhaustive examina-
tion of any one of the articles of impeachment,
but shall give my opinions upon some of the
topics raised by the questions at issue, and the
results of those opinions when applied to the
several articles.
The guilt or innocence of President John-
son as charged in the eleven articles presented
by the House of Representatives largely rests
upon facts standing upon the record. In their
nature the proofs are irrefragable, and we must
take them as we find them. The written Con'
stitution, the written law, the written order to
Secretary Stanton to surrender his office, and
the written authority to Lorenzo Thomas to
take possession of the office of Secretary of
War, with its papers and effects, are all before
us, and the issue on trial depends chiefly, as it
appears to me, upon'a correct interpretation
which we may be expected to give to these
documents. In addition to this there is much
documentary evidence and the testimony of
living witnesses, and especially that of General
Lorenzo Thomas, who testifies that he has
acted as Secretary of War so far as to-meet
with the President at meetings of his Cabinet,
and was there recognized as Secretary of War.
Such is the support upon which the main
burden of the larger portion of the articles of
impeachment rests.
The first article charges in substance that on
the 21st day of February, 1868, Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, in viola-
tion of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, did unlawfully issue an order in writing
for the removal of Edwin M. Stanton from the
office of Secretary for the Department of War,
without the advice and consent of the Senate,
then and there being in session, and against the
provisions of "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1867.
The second article charges that, in violation
of the Constitution and the law, as mentioned
in the first article, on the same day the Presi-
dent issued and delivered a letter of authority
to Lorenzo Thomas, empowering him to act as
Secretary of War ad interim, and to imme-
diately enter upon the discharge of the duties
of that office, there being no vacancy therein.
The third article varies from the second
article by charging the same acts to have been
done in violation of the Constitution and with-
out authority of law.
To ascertain whether the Constitution has
been violated it is necessary, after finding that
the principal facts as alleged have been proved
or admitted, to carefully examine what are its
provisions, and we find that the President
shall have power to—
"Nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges ot'the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United, States
whose appointments arc not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law;
but Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments. The Presidentshall have power to
