THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. KELLEY. The remarks referred to "by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] were
never made in the House, if the gentleman will
permit me to say so; they were printed in the
. Globe, but were never uttered upon this floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; I remember that as
one of the circumstances.
Mr. WOODWARD. I trust, Mr. Speaker 
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I was on the floor. I be-
lieve. As I understand the ruling of the Chair,
it is not competent to show the inconsistency
between positions heretofore taken by the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] and
the position now taken by him upon this reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
competent to do so
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; then I shall
have to return the floor, with thanks, to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask my colleague to
allow me the floor long enough to reply to the
personal remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know whether, under the ruling of the Chair,
there have been personal remarks or not. I
understand the Chair to rule personal remarks
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] that the continuance of his remarks, in
the line iti which they were made before, would
be beyond the scope of the resolution. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
yields to his colleague, and any gentleman
objects to his remarks, the Chair must rule upon
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] commentsupon
this speech of his I will desire to follow out
my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must rule the
same as before if any one makes the point of
order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
very well see how I can yield, if my colleague
[Mr. Woodward] is going to answer what has
been said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sciienck.] I shall be very glad to give them
afairfight. [Laughter.] They are an admira-
ble couple; about the same size. But I can
not see, under the circumstances, but what I
would be giving one the advantage of the other
by thus pulling the gentleman from Ohio off'
and letting my colleague up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] will yield to his colleague the same
amount of time that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck:] had, and upon the same
subject, and that no point of order will be
taken upon him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to give notice
that I shall insist upon the debate being con-
fined to the resolution. This is not the first
time that the proceedings of this House have
been characterized as indecent; and I will
not sit in my place here and hear it done
again by the samp man, if I can help it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I de-
cline to yield unless the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] can be allowed to reply.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to have the
floor to reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ROBINSON. I want to move to sus-
pend the rules, if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] will yield to me, so as
to allow the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] to have the floor for thirty
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
see very well how I can give way to one gen-
tleman without I do it to both. I should be
very willing to yield to both, for I feel very
much in the mood to see a little contest this
afternoon [laughter] between my respectable
colleague from Pennsylvania and my equally
respectable friend from Ohio. But I cannot
see how I can do it.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] will allow me, I would
suggest to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] to withdraw his point of order upon
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] because it is that point of order that
prevents the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] from speaking. I am de-
sirous that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] shall have an opportunity to
reply, but he cannot do so until the point of
order is withdrawn from the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
not yet got half through. And I will now
say 
Mr. ROBINSON. When can I get the floor
to move a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is on the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Very well;
I now call the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now move to suspend
the rules, in order to give the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] fifteen min-
utes to reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. ALLISON. Let the vote be taken upon
this resolution first.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will it be in order for
me to move a suspension of the rules after this
resolution has been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Robinson]
to make that motion at that time.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I will withdraw
the motion for the present.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 10-15) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the execution of the reconstruction
laws in the third military district for the fiscal
year ending June SO, 1868; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1062) to grant right of
way to the Whitehall and Plattsburg Railroad
Company.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now move that the
rules be suspended, to allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] fifteen minutes
to reply to the observations that have been
made concerning him by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And fifteen min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. ROBINSON. My motion is intended
to include only the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia.
Mr. CHANLER. Say fifteen minutes also
for the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ROBINSON. That is giving the gen-
tleman from Ohio more time than the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania ; but I accede to the
suggestion, and modify my motion so as to allow
fifteen minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, fifteen minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio, and two minutes to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in conclusion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not asked for fif-
teen minutes, and it will depend entirely upon
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania may
say whether I shall occupy any time in renly.
Mr. WASHBURNE.'of Illinois. I desire
to make a proposition which I think will be sat-
isfactory all around. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bi'tlee,] who has charge
of the hill making appropriations for the Indian
service, is not now in the House; and I propose
to move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on this bill for general debate. Then
all these gentlemen can be heard.
Mr. ROBINSON. With the understanding
that, if the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois be adopted, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will be entitled to the floor, I will with-
draw my motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatisthe
understanding.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the ques-
tion on the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois the Chair must submit to the House the
question of granting leave of absence to sev-
eral gentlemen, objection having been made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.] The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Boyer] asked leave of absence for his
colleague [Mr. Van Auken] for two weeks,
and the Chair asked indefinite leave of absence
for the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jenckes,] the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] and the gentleman from Oregon,
[Mr. Malloiiy.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know whether I am at liberty to say anything.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. All I
can say is, that if leave be granted to these
gentlemen it will break up the House.
A Member. These gentlemen are gone
already.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then
they ought to bo punished. That is a good
reason for voting against granting them leave.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, how many more
than a quorum are now in attendance?
The SPEAKER. Three or four only.
Mr. ELIOT. Then if leave of absence be
granted to these gentlemen we shall be left
without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. Several of these gentle-
men are now absent. The Chair will submit
the question. Will the House grant leave of
absence for two weeks to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Van Auken,] and indefi-
nitely to the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes,] the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] and the gentleman from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Mai.lort?]
Leave was granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
this objection as giving notice to members of
the House that future requests for leave of
absence may be objected to.
issuing of military orders.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Rcxolved, That the Secretory of War be directed
to inform this House whether any order from tho
War Department has been issued, directed to any
military or other officer, without having gone
through the General of the Army, since the passaso
of the act of March 2,1867, which requires all orders
and instructions relating to military operations
issued by the President or Secretory of War shall bo
issued through the General of the Army, and in cass
of his inability through the next in rank.
Mr. OARFIELD. I object.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor to move to suspend the rules,
and two motions to suspend the rules cannot
be entertained at the same time. '
Mr. ROBINSON. That law is being vio-
lated.
adjournment ovlk.
Mr, MAY NARD. I renew the motion, that
wuen the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Thursday next.
|j Tile motion was disagreed to.
jj investigating committee.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
I the committee of iuvesti^ahon ordered this
!| morning: Mr. Scopiei.d ofPeuusvhania, Mr.
h Lawrence of Ohio, Mr. Eldridge of Wiacoiv
