3556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
of Anthony Bucker; which was read a first
and second time.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
excused from committee service.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Robinson was
excused from further service on the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs and on the Committee
on the Expenditures of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
andrew s. coke.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported back with an amendment the bill (S.
No. 522) to authorize the Commissioner of the
Revenue to settle the accounts of Andrew S.
Core.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
and direct the Commissioner of the" Revenue
to settle the accounts of Andrew S. Core, late
collector of internal revenue for the second
district of Virginia-, now West Virginia, upon
the principles of justice and equity.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means were, in line three to strike
out the words " Commissioner of the Revenue
is" and insertin lieu thereof the words "proper
accounting officers of the Treasury are," and
to make a corresponding amendment in the
title.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not take time to
explain the facts. I will merely say that the
Committee of Ways and Means were unani-
mous in the recommendation that the bill pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and pulsed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public deposits in national banks.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the amount ot pub-
lie money on deposit in national banks at the end
of each month from October 31, 1867, specifying the
total amount so deposited at the end of each month
and the amount in each bank at the same date.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
tax on manufactures.
Mr. BROOKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1327) to amend an act
entitled "An act to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, and for oilier pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1S68; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
purchase of russian america.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I gave notice
to the House some days since that after the
tax bill was disposed of I should move to take
up the hill appropriating money for the pur-
chase of Russian America. The gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] one of the
minority of the committee opposed to the pas-
sage of the bill, has been appointed by the
Speaker to some service which requires his
absence on Monday, and lie desires that that
bill may not bo taken up until Tuesday ; and,
with the consent of the House, I should be glad
that it may be postponed for his accommoda-
tion until Tuesday next.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The bill
is now in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and can only be reached by a
vote passing over all the other business which
has precedence. It has been said that the ene-
mies of this bill intend to make factious oppo-
sition to it, and, if possible, pass it over uut.il
the next session of Congress. So far as Iknow
anything on the subject they have no such
intention. They desire to meet the question
now, and to meet it upon its merits. As was
slated by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, I expect to be absent for a
day or two, and as I understand from liim that
he does not intend to call the previous ques-
tion until those who are opposed to the bill
shall have had an opportunity to be heard, I
shall make no opposition to the bill coming up
on Tuesday or on Wednesday; I would rather
say Wednesday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
Tuesday will be the day agreed upon, and for
this reason: I hope on Monday next to be able
to report from the Committee on Appropria-
tions the deficicncy bill, and I will ask that it
be made the special order for Wednesday next.
Therefore I hope it will suit the House to make
the Alaska bill the special order for Tuesday.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.] A proposition was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs by the House to
consider the claim of the estate of Mr. Perkins,
who sold alarge quantity of powder, of the value
of several hundred thousand dollars, to the
Russian Government during the Crimean war,
for which no payment was ever made. It was
thought the duty of the Government of the
United States to look after the claim of a citi-
zen of the United States against, not a citizen
of Russia, but the Russian Government. Al-
though I have very little knowledge concerning
the case, it seems to me il is but fair thai the
committee should look into that matter and
report upon it to this House, so that we may
know whether we are in duty bound in this
matter to protect the interest of a citizen of the
United States. And I would ask whether it
is the purpose of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to present to this House at the same
time, or before they present the bill appropri-
ating money for the purchase of Alaska, a re-
port on this claim of a citizen of the [Jnited
States.
Jlr. BANKS. It was the opinion of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs that the claim
referred to by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paixe] could not be offset against the
money appropriated under a treaty, which
treaty requires the payment of a stipulated sum
and in a stipulated manner. And the repre-
sentatives of the claim have presented to the
committee a resolution the passage of which
will be satisfactory to them. I think the com-
mittee will agree unanimously to report that
resolution. I am willing to state, for the satis-
faction of the gentleman from Wisconsin, that
I will recommend the passage of that resolu-
tion ; but I caunot agree to make it a part of
this question.
Mr. PAINE. What I was most anxious for
was a report as to the facts of the case. I do
not know that I would vote for such a reso-
lution.
Mr. BANKS. A report, of the facts will
accompany the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] if he intends to call the previous
question on the bill soon after it comes up ?
Mr. BANKS. I do not; 1 desire to have
the subject fully considered and discussed.
TheSPEAKER. As the bill is now in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the previous question cannot be called on it
until it lifts been reported to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. What is
the proposition now? To make it the special
order for Wednesday or Tuesday ?
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that it be made the special order for Tuesday
next after the morning hour.
Mr. ALLISON. If the river and harbor bill
is disposed of before that time.
The SPEAKER. The river and harbor bill
will take precedence if not disposed of by that
time.
No objection was made: and it was ordered
| accordingly.
| BLACK 11IVER ERIDfiE, OIIIO.
j Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
j sent to report back from the Committee on
l Commerce House bill No. 1027, to authorize
i the construction of a bridge over Black river,
in Lorain county, Ohio, with a substitute. It
is for an unimportant bridge over an unim-
portant stream in the State of Ohio.
No objection was made; and.the bill was
received.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that it shall be lawful for the county
commissioners of the county of Lorain, State
of Ohio, to build a bridge across the Black
river, near the village of" Black river, at the
point where the county road leading east from
the village crosses the stream; provided there
shall be placed in said bridge a draw of not
less than one hundred and forty feet in width,
with a center abutment twenty-five feet wide
and ten feet above the water line, having a
passage on each side of the abutment of not
less than fifty-seven feet in width, and so con-
structed as not to impede the navigation of said
river, but to allow the easy passage of vessels
through the draw. The second section reserves
the right to alter or amend this act. so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of the river by the construction of
the bridge.
The substitute reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended by the adoption of
the substitute, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest switzlervs. anderson.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to give notice that
on Monday after the morning hour I shall call
up the report of the Committee of Elections
on the case of Switzler vs. Anderson, from the
sixth district of Missouri.
benevolent institutions in the district.
Mr. SPALDING. I give notice that at the
first opportunity, after the river and harbor bill
has been disposed of, I shall endeavor to bring
before the House the two bills making appro-
priations for benevolent institutions in this
District.
river and iiarbor bill.
Mr. DELANO. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
bill (II. II. No. 1046) making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion
of certain public works, and for other purposes.
The pending question is upon the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Com-
merce with instructions to report a substitute.
Mr. DELANO. I have made some slight
modifications in my substitute. I ask the Clerk
to read it as modified.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all aftcrthe enacting clause and insert:
That the following amounts of money are hereby
appropriated to be expended by the Secretary of
War, under the advice of the Bureau of Engineers,
for the repair and preservation of certain harbors,
for the improvement ot certain rivers, and for the
protection of existing works of improvement fiom
deterioration, and for such extension of the same and
the continuation and completion of works under
contract as tlio safety of commerce at their respective
places may demand:
For the improvement of harbors on the northern
lakes and tor the St. Clair flats, ยง500,000.
For the improvement of harbors on the sea-coast,
Slf>0,000.
For the improvement of rivers, SI,300,000.
For the completion of reports, maps, and diagrams
on bridges on the Mississippi rivor, $3,000, and for
purchase and repair of instruments, $1,000. and (or
a survey for deepening the ship-canal at Sault Me.
Marie, $1,000.
And, he it further cnactcd, That all work done under
the authority of this act shall be performed under
contract to be made with the Secretary of War, oho
shall prescribe suitable rules for issuing proposals
for materials or labor, having regard to the nio^t
effective use of moneys hereby appropriated: Pro-
vided, That separate proposals and contracts shall
be required in all cases when the same can be, in the
judgment of the Secretary, judiciously and properly
made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] is entitled to the floor.
