124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
former, would not have been won, and the
Bank of England notes, before and since, in
such high repute, might hav? gone with other
broken promises, whose wrecks are strewn on
the shores of the history paper money.
Paper money ceases to have value whenever
the promisor becomes unable or unwilling to
pay it on demand, and in the case of a Gov-
ernment, beyond the reach of legal compulsion,
depreciates more from a manifested (unwilling-
ness than from present actual inability. Ina-
bility is often caused by temporary circum-
stances and may be out-lived and conquered,
but an unwillingness to stand by plighted faith
is a plunge from which there is no hope of a
resurrection.
It is well to remember that at the time when
the first batch of legal-tender notes were pro-
posed the right to issue them was disputed by
some of the oldest and ablest statesmen in this
body, and the authority relied upon and promi-
nently brought forward in the other House to
support the right of such an issue was that it
was a tear measure. The several States being
expressly forbidden to make anything but gold
and silver a legal tender, and the Constitution
nowhere authorizing the General Government
to do that which was forbidden to the States, it
was conceded that by implication, at least, the
power to issue paper as legal tender—denounced
in all countries as an unmitigated scourge—had
been wisely and intentionally withheld. It was
in a great emergency, perhaps, justifiably exer-
cised as a civil right brought into use when
necessary to the full power of making war.
Peace has now returned, although a qualified
peace, and it must be admitted, even while we
inherit'all the legacies of the war, that what-
ever virtue there might be in the original argu-
ment as a war measure, it no longer has force
and should be mustered out of service. Cer- i
tainly it will not cover an increased issue of I
paper money and can only be decently made to !
cover an honorable retreat or the retirement '
at the first reasonable opportunity of what
still "lags superfluous on the stage." The war ]
powers of the Constitution, however priceless j
in war, should not be called forth upon weak j
and insufficient occasions or in time of peace.
The Government is no longer swelling the ,
business of the country by spending $800,000,- !
000 per annum, an eager purchaser in all j
markets, but is reduced to a mere seller of the
old blankets, blue overcoats and old junk left ■
by the war, and does not require banking
facilities sevenfold greater than those furnished
by the old United States Bank.
I do not propose to retire the legal-tender
issues now, and never with merciless rigor,
regardless of the vast interests involved, but
let thein be raised to par and then be retired,
when no longer useful, quietly but surely to
the end. It may be sortie years before we
shall see the last of this paper money, but if
we can make and keep it equal in value to
gold and silver its greatest evil will have been
overcome. Give the country the ample notice
contained in this bill and its practical opera-
tion will be followed by no disaster, but rather
by great good to all the business interests of
the country.
The first section of the bill proposes to fix
some time when the legal-tender notes may be
presented to the Treasury to be paid in actual
cash. It is important to fix by positive law
some day when the greenback currency shall
be made equal to coin. It is the uncertainty
shrouding this point which creates the great
disparity between paper and coin. Such an
act would inspire so much of confidence that
from the day of its passage the inequality now
existing between legal-tender notes and coin
would gradually diminish, and by the time fixed
for redemption—probably before—it would
disappear and coin would be worth no more
than legal tenders.
This time is placed (July 4, 1869) so far
ahead as to give ample notice by which such
preparation can be made as will secure the
country from any panic or commercial disaster.
Merchants and business men would behold the
metes and bounds, and could have that forecast
overtheir future transactions which is so essen-
tial to all healthy trade. In fact, the general
stagnation in trade which now prevails almost
throughout the world has wrought such a
depression in prices that a return to the specie
standard would not bring much if any further
reduction in values. The time is most oppor-
tune, therefore, for the inauguration of the
policy. I do not propose or expect at once to
retire any considerable amount of the legal-
tender currency; that is now, perhaps, not
necessary; but I do propose to increase its
value to par. When that is done if there is too
much currency afloat the excess will be very
easily absorbed in the funded debt of the United
States.
There may be timidity in some quarters lest
the Government should fail in the attempt pro-
posed. I do not admit that it would not be
best to try, even though complete success should
not be absolutely free from doubt, but there
need not be the slightest apprehension about
the success of any well-considered plan of
resumption. Our most vulnerable point would
be the foreign exchanges, and this point was
never more strongly fortified. The wants of the
Treasury compel us to maintain a high rev-
enue tariff and will so continue to do for some
years. This alone powerfully tends to check
over-trading. The demand for gold to poy for
the foreign cost of merchandise obviously can-
not be excessive while such a state of things
exist, and the demand will grow less day by day
as the time arrives when paper and coin shall
be brought upon the same level. Importers
could not fail to see that merchandise imported
with gold even at a very small premium must
■ be sold at a loss compared with that im-
ported when gold and paper money should be
' on a perfect equality. We have also a million and
a half of Stalwart men just released from war
and restored to the industrial employments of
life, besides a large number of foreign immi-
grants constantly arriving. These will so in-
crease American products that there will be
less need of purchasing the products of foreign
labor. There is^then, no danger that imports
will be swelled to that extent likely to turn
exchanges against us. On the other hand our
exports have been rarely in a more promising
condition. By the report of the Bureau of
Statistics I see that our exports for the four
months preceding August 31, 1807, in currency
value, were $145,728,364, or at the rate of
$437,185,092 per annum. Embraced in this
amount there will be found the following arti-
cles:
Coal oils $6,747,334
Naval stores  1,537,100
Breadstuff:) 14,718,824
Cottou  37,857,147
Tobacco  15,754,579
Wood and lumber and manufactures of
wood  4,525,125
Provisions and tallow  11,187,926
These are sources which will not dry up, and
some of them must be largely augmented.
Breadstuffs are but just harvested, and the
demand in France and England has not been
so great for years. The high prices there will
be likely to draw from us all we can spare—
twice the amount for which a foreign market
is usually found, or as much as fifty millions.
Our cotton crop will be larger this year than :
last, and but a small portion of it has yet been
shipped. Moreover, later shipments will be
likely to bring higher prices as the entire ship- |
ments of East India cotton to Great Britain in
1866 were 615,302,240 pounds, while they fall
off to 331,951,200 pounds in the first nine :
months of 1867. The shipments for the sea-
son from India are nearly over, having been
rushed forward rapidly to secure high prices;
but those from the United States nave only
just commenced. I see no reason why our
general exports may not for the year to come
cxceed our imports by a considerable balance. '
It would certainly seem to be safe to calculate
that exchange will not be turned against us on
account of liquidating any indebtedness for a
balance of foreign trade. If this be so, from I
what other quarter can the exchanges be ad-
versely affected? The interest on that portion
of our debt due abroad will have to be paid.
And here, fortunately, the products of our gold
and silver mines promise to be inexhaustible.
It is not a high estimate to set down the future
annual product at $100,000,000. Of this we
can and do easily part with one half, or
$50,000,000, which is much more than enough to
pay the interest that is now or likely to be due
abroad on United States debts. But the doubter
may still ask, May not something happen to
send our securities home and flood our own
markets? Is it likely that making our securi-
ties better will induce foreigners to part with
them ? They are not held by speculators. The
Rothschilds and the Barings only buy American
securities to supply their customers, not to hold
themselves ; and their customers will be eager
for more the moment we demonstrate—not our
ability, for that has already been proudly ex-
hibited, but that we are not demoralized by
paper money and do not propose its perpetual
and mischievous domination.
It is the apprehension of some great folly
like this, fatal not more to the reputation than
to the productive power of any country, which
causes our securities to sell at thirty per cent,
discount abroad. But when our paper money
is elevated to an equal rank with hard cash,
instead of that fact having a tendency to con-
vert the holders of American bonds abroad into
sellers, it will convert their neighbors also into
purchasers, and the demand for them will
thereby be extended, as there will be no other
safe loan in Europe which can be so profitably
held.
It may be still insisted that we cannot resume
at so early a period as that named in the bill
proposed because the holders of our bonds
abroad would be induced to send them home
to realize present gains. If it were true that
foreign bond-holders would prove so short-
sighted and forget that their interests are iden-
tical with our own in sustaining the credit of
the country this argument will never have less
force. Are not our bonds going abroad daily?
Most certainly they are, and will continue to
do so while we cling to a currency worth thirty
or forty per cent, less than that of other nations,
unless our credit becomes utterly ruined by
hopeless and chronic expansion. Restore our
currency to par, though our bonds might still
go abroad, the country would get a full equiv-
alent for them, whereas for every hundred
millions now sent abroad thirty millions o f prop-
erty is transferred from America to Europe
without any compensation. They honorably
acquired what they have got, but should have
no more on such terms. Restore our currency
to a sound cash basis, and, if it were desirable,
we might place a loan abroad on much more
advantageous terms and at a much lower rate
of interest than we are now paying.
Our bonds are held abroad mostly by men
of small capital—by men who have read our
story and who are at heart our friends, and not
enemies, of republican institutions. Many of
them, perhaps, hold such bonds as funds by
which they hope, at no distant day, to trans-
plant themselves from the fatherland to our
shores here to find their future and happier
homes. The people of the German nations
love and trust us. Shall we doom such men
to come to grief—the victims of misplaced
confidence ? I would not by any act of mine
retard that German flood of industrious and
thrifty people which flows and must for years
continue to flow hitherward in increasing
volume, unless it is checked by our own folly.
From this quarter we derive a large proportion
of our most valuable immigrants. Here the
common people reposed faith and confidence
in us when the crowned heads of Europe would
have banded together to dismember the Re-
Sublic but that they vainly imagined Jefferson
'avis alone with his backers to be fully equal
to the unworthy task. The organs of regal
opinions abroad denounced our securities as
worthless, and the Loudon Times doe.s not yet
in its daily list of the prices of stocks even name
