18m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sin, Mr. Cobubn of Indiana, and Mr. Ferriss
of New York.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to consider the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider House bill No. 1073, mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1809.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the first reading of the bill for informa-
tion be dispensed with.
Mr. BROOKS. I object. I want the bill
read through.
Mr. HARDING. I hope we will proceed
with the business of the House.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
adjournment oveit.
The committee informally rose ; and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hamlin, one of its clerks, requesting the
House to return the resolution l'or adjourn-
ment over until the 25th-instant, disagreed to
by the Senate.
The request was granted.
Mr. SCHENCK. The resolution for ad-
journment over having been sent for, and as
it is likely it will be acted on in a few minutes,
if gentlemen desire to vote on it, it is desirable
they should remain here, so as not to leave the
House without a quorum. There is barely a
quorum present now. The Senate will have
to amend the resolution as it reads now, " shall
adjourn from Saturday, the 16th instant, to
Monday, the 25th instant," and it will be neces-
sary for a quorum to be here to concur in that
amendment.
indian appropriation bill again.
The committee resumed its session.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the com-
mittee rise in order to get out of this difficulty.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to make
that motion during the reading of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 11, noes 19; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting,
under the rules, the Clerk will call the roll.
The roll having been called, the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arneil, Delos E. Ash-
ley,, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnes. Jin mum. Beaman, Bcatty, Beck. Benja-
min, Bingham, Blair. Boutwcll, Bover, Broinwell,
Broomall, Buckl&nd, Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cook. Cornell, Coliom.Dawes. Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, ELi,
Finnev, Fox, tret?,, Gravely, Griswold, ila.ight, Hal-
sey. Hawkins, Hill, Ilolman, Iloopei, Ilotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Ingersoll, Jeiic-kes, Judd,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan. Lynch,
Mnllory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, MeOlurg,
McCulloch, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrissey,
Mullins, Mungen, ISewcomb, Niblack. Perham,
Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Raum,
Sawyer, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smifh, Spald-
ing, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Tay-
lor, John Trimble. Xwichell, Van Aernam, Van Au-
kon, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek. Henry D.
Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James I\ Wilson. John T. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge.
The committee then rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having under consider-
ation the Indian appropriation bill, and find-
ing itself without a quorum, had caused the
roll to be called, and had directed him to re-
port the names of the absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER. Only eighty-one members
having answered to their names. No quorum
having answered, the only motions in order are
that there be a call of the House and that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
survey of the potomac river.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
the chief of engineers, covering a report by
General Michler on the examination and sur-
vey of the Potomac rivei*; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
j. m. best.
On motion of Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
Dr. J. M. Best, of Paducah, Kentucky, copies
of the same being left on file.
order of business.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Eldridge, to adjourn, it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion for a
call of the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would itbe in order now
to hear the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward?]
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent it
would be. Is there objection ?
Mr. HARDING. I object. ■
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the objection.
Mr. HARDING. I do not want any more
debate.
The question being taken on the motion for
a call of the House, it was agreed to—ayes 60.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll,
and the following members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arneil, Axtell, Bald-
win, Barnes, Barnum, Beek, Bingbam, Boutwell,
Boyer, Broomall, Buokland, Butler, Cake. Cary,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Cullom,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eekley, Ela. Kinney, Fox,
Getz, Gravely, Griswold, Ilaight, Hawkins; Hill,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Judd, Lin-
coln, Logan, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullougli, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen, ,
Niblack, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, j
Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding. Thad- !
dous Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taylor, John j
Trimble, Twiebell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Robert i
T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James P. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and Wroodbridge.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and four
members having answered to tlieir names, a
Quorum is now in attendance.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. If there is any objection
now to allowing the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Air. Woodward] to proceed, as was
agreed all around, I shall move to suspend the
rules. I hope there will be none.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker, the House
was in the Committee of the Whole, and the
order to go into the Committee of the Whole
has not been vacated.
The SPEAKER. The House came out of
the Committee of the Whole, finding itself with-
out a quorum; the roll was then called, and the
House finding a quorum in attendance the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Robinson] moved
to suspend the rules to allow the geutleman
from Pennsylvania to speak.
On suspending the rules there were thirty-
eight ayes.
Mr. ROBINSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to
go into the Committee of the ^ hole?
The SPEAKER. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York is voted down the
House immediately resolves itself into the Com-
mitteo of the Whole by the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
indian appropriation bill again.
The House, under the rules, resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the stat®
of the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1073, making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1869.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will resume
the reading of the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it not now be in
order, before proceeding with the further read-,
ing of the bill, to move that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] bo allowed to
proceed?
The CHAIRMAN. The reading of the bill
cannot be interrupted.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I shall give np all
efforts to get the floor for the gentleman from-
Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, as this bill
will be read by sections for amendment, the
present reading will be of no great value. I'
hope, therefore, there will be no objection to
dispensing with the first reading.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana renews the request that the first read-
ing of the billbe dispensed with, which requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNAliD. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair takes occa-
sion to state that the roll-call having just re-
vealed the presence of a quorum, he hopes
members will remain in their seats in anticipa-
tion of a message from the Senate. It would
be very awkward to find the House without a,
quorum when the committee rises.
Mr. RAUM. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
havingresumed the Chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particular^' the bill
of the House No. 1073, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1869, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (,S. No. 170J to pro-
vide for deficiency of expenses incurred in
survey of Indian reservations, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to the amendment of the Senate to the
joint resolution of the House No. 19, coneern-
' ing eertain lands granted to railroad compa-
nies in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
PURCHASIi of ALASKA.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I desire to offer a
preamble and resolutions on the subject of
Alaska, and to have them referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and printed, so that they may be considered
when the bill comes up which was referred to
the committee this morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I reserve the right to
object until the preamble and resolutions are
read.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolu-
tions. as follows:
Whereas the treaty of purchase with Russia of
March 30, 1867, having been communicated by the
President to the House; and it being necessary,,be-
fore the stipulations of such treaty can be earriedinto
effect, that laws for that purpose should be enacted
bv Congress; and it, appearing by the stipulations
of said treaty that the cession with right of possession
was to be deemed complete upon the exchange of
ratifications; and it appearing furtlinr thatthoPres-
ident of the United States has already taken posses-
