THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4?f
fill all vacancies that may happen during the recess
of the Senate by granting.eommissions which shall
expire at the end of their next session."
The power of removal being nowhere ex-
pressly given to the President, it is only an
implied power resulting from the power to ap-
point, and the power to appoint is confided to
the President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, including the latter as sub-
stantially as the former, except in the case of
inferior officers, which Congress may think
proper by law to vest in the President alone,
in the courts, or heads of Departments.
As an implied power derived from that of
appointment, it must attach to those having
the power to appoint. It cannot be claimed
that the office of Secretary of War is an infe-
rior office, nor that any existing law vests au-
thority in the President alone to appoint a Sec-
retary of War during a session of the Senate,
nor yet that the power to nominate carries with
it the power to confer upon any such nominees
the right to take and hold office, with all the
emoluments, without an appointment by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
It is true the President may temporarily fill
vacancies which happen during the recess of
the Senate; but it is going too far to assume
that he may first do an act not allowed by the
Constitution in order to open the door so that he
may do another thing which is allowed ; that
he may empty under the power only to fill; or
that he may make a vacancy to happen with a
view to an exercise of the power to fill a va-
cancy. Things happen by chance—as by death,
resignation, absence—not by previous contriv-
ance. An insurance policy is valid whenthe
ship happens to get foundered, not when it is
designedly scuttled and sunk by the owner.
The power to create vacancies at will, to fill
them with A, and then to come to the Senate
for advice and consent to fill them either
with A, or with B, is an absurdity. The faith-
ful daughter asks parental advice and consent
before she gets married, not after. The power
claimed by President Johnson to create vacan-
cies at will would blot out one of the most
important functions of the Senate, designed to
be one of the highest safeguards of the Con-
stitution against executive indiscretions and
usurpations, as even appointments consented
to during the session of the Senate, if the claim
of unlimited power of removal by the President
were to be tolerated, might be set aside the
moment after the adjournment of the Senate
for other and different appointments never
advised and never consented to by the Senate.
All stability would be lost, and all officers of
the Government would hold their places at the
mere will and caprice of the President. It would
enthrone the one-man power against all else.
Such a power in a free Government would be
neither prudent nor safe, though placed in the
most scrupulous hands; and if, by chance, m
other hands it would be dangerous.
Yet President Johnson, in face of the plain
provision of the Constitution, not only deliber-
ately makes a removal of the Secretary of War,
but officially authorizes another man, an obe-
dient subordinate, to discharge the duties of
the office. It matters little by what name the
President designated him, or for how long a
time, or whether as Secretary ad interim, tor
one day or indefinitely, he intended that Lorenzo
Thomas should be for the time the actual Sec-
retary of War, so to be recognized by himself,
ajid so to be recognized by all the Executive
departments of the Government, and to im-
mediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
of the office, although there is no morelawful
power to authorize than to appoint to office, or
to issue a letter of authority than to make an
actual appointment, and no more power to
appoint an ad interim Secretary than a Sec-
retary in full. Nothing but the illegality of
the act of the President now keeps 1 nomas out
and Stanton in office as Secretary of War. It
the Senate decide to-day that the President
has not transcended his lawful authority m the
removal of Mr. Stanton, by force of that decis-
ion Adjutant General Thomas may take pos-
session of the office to-morrow. If that be so,
then Senators who by their votes reinstated Mr.
Stanton in his office inflicted a great wrong
upon him, and have given to Congress and the
country a very unnecessary excitement. It
seems to me that there was no constitutional
authority for the removal of Stanton by the
President, and still less for the appointment
of Thomas as Secretary ad interim.
The next thing I propose to consider is the
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
passed March 2, 1867, as follows, namely:
" That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and every person
who shall hereafter be appointed to any such office,
and shall become duly qualified to act therein, is,
and shall be, entitled to hold such office until a suc-
cessor shall have been in likemanner appointed and
duly qualified, except as herein otuerwise provided:
Provided, That the Secretary of State, of the Treas-
ury. of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General, shall
hold their officcs respectively for and during the term
of the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and one month thereatter.subjeetto removal
by and with the advice and consent of tho Senate.
As its title declares, this act regulates the
tenure of certain civil offices—authorizing all
persons in office, whether for fixed or indefi-
nite terms, to hold the same until their success-
ors " shall have been appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate," (as
contemplated by the Constitution,) except that
the heads of the Executive Departments are
to "hold their offices respectively for and dur-
ing the term of the President by whom they
may have been appointed, and one month there-
after, subject to removal by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate."
This is not an unusual exercise of legislative
power. The subject is one that has been legis-
lated upon by Congress both early and late,
and whatever laws may be on the statute-book
of a prior date in conflict with the latest act
must be held to be superseded, and need not be
considered so far as this case is concerned. I
understand this to be the legal view, and it is
certainly a common-sense view of the rulesof
construction. The law of March 2, 1807,
holds the President and Senate simply to the
requirements of the Constitution and fixes the
term of office. The question whether it in-
cludes members of the Cabinet appointed by
President Lincoln is the only one deserving
consideration. Intended as a permanent stat-
ute, it was provided that the term of the heads
of the Executive Departments should expire
one month after the term of the President by
whom they were appointed had expired. The
term of the President under the Constitution
is fouryears—no more and no less—fixed by law
to commence on the 4th of March next after the
presidential election ; and, though the Pres-
ident may die or become insane and his place
be filled by another, the term will expire at
precisely the same time it would had he li\ed
or remained sane. When the Vice President
becomes President by accident, by death, or
otherwise, he serves out the remainder of the
term for which his predecessor was elected,
and no more, be the fraction longer or shorter.
Neither legally nor nominally has he any term.
The time of service is purely accidental, and
cannot be foreseen nor fixed by law.
It has been even questioned whether the
person so acting as President,_ though not so
elected, should receive the official title of Presi-
dent ; but it has not been doubted that the term
of his official existence was that of the deceased
President, and to be terminated at the end of
the four years for which the latter had been
elected. A Senator or a member of the House
of Representatives dies during his term of ser-
vice, and another is elected to fill out the va-
cancy, but the new Senator or new member has
no term of office himself: he serves out the re-
mainder of the term to which he has succeeded
of his predecessor. The presidential term must
be analogous to that of feenator or member of
the House. If this be deemed a fair conclusion
it will be seen that the proviso as well as the
body of the act of March 2, 1G87, prevents the
removal of Mr. Stanton without the advice and
consent of the Senate. Contemporary con-
struction of the language of a statute cannot
beheld to set aside its plain meaning; but when
it sustains that plain meaning it is not unfair to
consider it. The House of Representatives, it
is well known, in framing the tenure-of-office
act, strenuously contended that the members of
the Cabinet should be included and protected;
but the Senate only proposed* to prevent the
sweeping removal of all civil officers except
Cabinet officers. The Minister of War had ren-
dered conspicuous service, and, whether he
needed or desired protection against sudden
removal without the consent of the Senate or
not, the House was urgent to have it awarded.
Beyond all doubt they so intended to have it,
and with reason believed they had accom-
plished their purpose. As a member of the
House I so understood the language of the act
then, and I am unable to give it a different con-
struction now. On its final passage General
Schenck, of the committee of conference, said:
"It is in fact an acceptance by the Senate of tho
position taken by the House."
Could anything be more emphatic? The
Senate manager, [Mr. Wii.mams, of Oregon,]
who had most to do with the language of the
bill in the committee of conference, where "it
took its final shape and form, had no doubt
then, and, as I understand, has none now, that
it did and does include all members of the
Cabinet. Nor is there anything wrong in such
a conclusion as applicable to President John-
son. When the presidential office fell upon
him the tenure-of-office act had not been passed,
and he might undoubtedly have changed his
Cabinet officers at his pleasure ; whether wisely
or not it is unnecessary to consider. By not
doing so he both legally and morally adopted
them as his own as much as he could have done
by actual appointment. He has daily so rec-
ognized the fact officially in all possible forms.
When the act was before him for approval he
clearly comprehended its provisions, as appears
by his veto message. He also admits in his
message to the Senate, December 12, 1867_,
referring to his Cabinet, that "if any one of
these gentlemen had then said to me that he
would avail himself of the provisions of that
bill in case it became a law, I should not have
hesitated a moment as to his removal," show-
ing that he had not failed to understand its full
import. It is also worthy of notice from this
declaration of President J ohnson that no head
of any of the Executive Departments, whatso-
ever might have been his merits or demerits
otherwise, could then have given an opiuion
in favor of the bill but at the peril of instant
ejection from office; and if all gave opinions
against it, as has been intimated, the President
might very well feel safe from any embarrass-
ments in the future in retaining them. But
when Secretary Stanton came to consider laws
not affecting himself so much as tho nation,
and failed to second President Johnson in his
policy of obstruction to the reconstruction acts
passed in July, 1867, then President Johnson
sought to crush out the Secretary as promptly
as he undoubtedly would have succeeded in
doing had no such law as the tenure-of-office
act been passed.
After the bill became a law Mr. Stanton
obeyed it, even though it be true that, not
foreseeing the full extent of the President's
perverse policy and purposes, he had not
favored its passage; but tho President determ-
ined not to obey it. Even when, in compli-
i ance with the letter of the law, he suspended
J Mr. Stanton in August, 1867, informing other
ij Departments that he had so suspended him,
j and reported the reasons for the suspension to
the Senate (in strict accordance with the law)
within twenty days after the commencement
of tho next session, it would only seem to have
been done in good faith, provided the Senate
; consented to the suspension ; but if the Senate
i should not so consent it was the President's
\ purpose to prevent Mr. Stanton from resuming
I the office of Secretary of War, according to
I his own confession, in his letter to General
j Grant, February 10. 1SR8: or, in other words,
