25M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18.
sion of said territory without authority from Congress
so to do; thus, by the provisions of the treaty and hy
such subsequent acts thereunder, apparently deny-
ing the right of this House to exercise its discretion
in relation to the passage of the laws ncccssary
to carx*y the treaty into effect; to the end that the
opinion of the House in relation to its powers nnd
prerogatives may bo understood, and that no action
in relation to this treaty may be misconstrued:
1. Resolved, That as the Constitution delegates to
the President, with tlio advice and consont of tho
Senate, the treaty-making power, thellousc of .Rep-
resentatives claims no agency in making treaties.
Yet as the Constitution provides that no money shall
be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of
appropriations made by law, and provides further
that all bills for raising revenue shall originate in tho
House of ^Representatives, where a compact made
by the treaty-making power with a foreign Govern-
ment stipulates for the puichase of territory from
such foreign Government, and for the payment of
money by tho United States therefor, such stipula-
tion for the payment of money cannot be carried into
effect without an act of Congress making an appro-
priation for that purpose: and that it is tho consti-
tutional right and duty of the House of Representa-
tives in such case to delibeiate upon the expediency
or inexpediency of making such appropriation, ami
to determine and act thereon as in their judgment
will be most conducive to the public gwd, and to that
end either to make such appropriation or refuse it,
in their discretion.
2. Resolved, That the President, with the advice
and consent uf the Senate, has noltheconstitutional
power by treaty to extend the area of this Govern-
ment, and bring within its jurisdiction foreign terri-
tory, without tlio consent of Congress: and until
such consent is given no compact to that end is valid
or binding upon the Government of the United States;
and no officer of the United States has any right or
authority to take possession of such territory for tho
Government until authorized by law of Congress so
to do.
3. Resolved* That having taken into consideration
the treaty of purchase between the United States and
the Emperor of Kussia. communicated bv the Presi-
dent, in the opinion of the House it is expedient to
pass the laws necessary to carry the treaty into effcct.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I object to the resolu-
tions.
Mr. LOUGHUIDGE. I ask, then, that the
resolutions be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are not
yet before the House.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I have no objection to
the resolutions being received and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
There being no objection, the preamble and
resolutions were received, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were reported;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNET).
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 473) for
the relief of Charles E. Capehart 5 when the
Speaker signed the same.
CHARLES 0. M'CRKARY.
Mr. IIOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1097) for the relief
of Charles O. McCrcary; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
SAN FRANCISCO AND IIUMBOLDT BAY RAILROAD.
Mr. IIICrBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1093) to aid the San
Francisco and Humboldt Bay Railroad Com-
pany in the construction of a railroad from San
Francisco to the town of Humboldt Bay, in
the State of California, and to secure to the
Government of the United States the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vari-
ous votes of reference; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS II. DIXON.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Paymas-
ter Thomas H. Dixon, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would inquire the reason of that motion?
Mr. O'NEILL. It is a bill for the relief of
a paymaster of the Navy, and comes properly
within the jurisdiction of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and not the juiisdiction of the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASIiBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not know that the Committee of Claims have
any objection to that reference. But there
are now pending before the Committee of
Claims several claims of this nature, relating
not only to paymasters of the Navy, but to
paymasters of the Army.
Mr. O'NEILL. I make this motion because
there are several bills of a similar character
before the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have no objection.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. O'NEILL. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
LADIES' 5I0DNT VI5KN0N ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the Committee
on Appropriations be discharged from the far-
ther consideration of the memorial of the
Ladies' Mount Vernon Association, and that
tho same be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I hope that change of
reference will not be made. I ask that the
memorial be read before the House acts upon
the motion.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
Memorial of the Ladies' Mount Vernon Association
of the Union.
The undersigned, ladies appointed as a committee
by the Uiaud Council of the Ladies' Mount Vernon
Association, held on tho 3d of December last, to pre-
sent to your honorable body a claim lor compensa-
tion on account ol losses sustained by reason of tlio
stoppage, during tho war, of tho boat plying botweon
Washington and Mount Vernon, would respectfully
urge that its loss of income derived from the boat
forced the association to call in and expend all their
available investments and to iucur debt beside, in
orderto maintain Mount Vernon during thowar, and
that at present their treasury is empty, and that itis
only by obtaining further credit that tho place is now
sustained.
They would also respectfully state tnattho homo
and last resting-place of tho Father of his Country
was secured from tho hands of speculators by theex-
ertions of women from all sections of the Union,
and they now appeal confidently in the name of your
countrywomen to your sympathies and sense of the
justice of their claims, feeling that the appropriation
of moans to contribute to the preservation of ' our
country's shrine" would proceed appropriately from
the honorable body which represents this Union.
They respectfully state that Mount Vernon was
secured by the ladies ot the Mouut Vernon Associa-
tion after the patient labor of seven years.
They hold it now as a resort for our countrymen
and the patriots of the whoio woild.
During the desolating war which has passed they
guarded it in peace and security, and they would not
now be suppliants to your honorable body but for
the heavy losses sustained by tho interruption, dur-
ing that peiiod, of the tide of travel to it, irom which
they derived the means to keep the place.
Military necessity, no doubt, made this restriction
imperative; but it was peculiarly unfortunate to tho
association, for tho soldiers and others who thronged
tho city of Washington at that time would, in ad-
dition to its usual number of visitors, have greatly
increased the revenue of Mouut Vernon and placed
tho association in a position to make good their
pledge to the public: "To keep and to guard tho
homo of Washington as he left it." until the return
of an auspicious period for renewing their labors and
securing an invested fund to placo theirsacred charge
beyond all future contingencies. But in their present
noccsbities the committee of tlio Ladies' Mount Ver-
non Association of tlio Union arc led to make this
appeal to your honorable body, confident that you
will regard their claim for indemnity as valid as any
that have been hitherto submitted to you and re-
ceived your favorablo consideration.
Your memorialists would represent that the loss
inflicted on the Mount Vernon Association of the
Union by the causes herein enumerated amounted
to $9,000, and thoy respectfully urge that that sum be
appropriated for their relief.
Mrs. SWEAT,
Vice Regent for Maine.
Mrs. BROOKS,
Vice Jlegent for New York.
Mrs. MORSE,
I Vicc licgcnt for Louisiana.
| Washington City, May 12,1868.
I Mr. SCHENCK. I am sorry the Conimit-
II toe on Appropriations has felt it its duty to
;i ask the House to relieve them from tho further
consideration of this memorial and to refer it
to the Committee of Claims. I had hoped the
House would be ready to act at once upon a
matter which so commends itself to the con-
sideration and favor of us all, and which asks
for so little in reference to the objects which
are contemplated by the memorial. I am of
the opinion that usually everything of this kind,
everything of any kind where a claim is set up
against the Treasury, ought to be investigated
by the proper tribunal, the Committee^ ot
Claims. But in reference to all such things
there are exceptional cases, and it seems to
me this is one of them. Here is a matter
which lies immediately under our own obser-
vation. We all know that the Mount Vernon
Ladies' Association of the Union, some ten or
twelve years ago, united together, had them-
selves incorporated, elected vice regents, as
they are termed, from their number, to aid the
regent as the chief of the association, these
vice regents being one from each State of the
Union. And they collected from the patriotic
people of this country money enough to buy
Mount Vernon from its then owner, one of
the Washingtons, and to secure it forever as a
place of public resort to the people of the
United States and the people of the world.
They paid for it, I think, some two hundred
thousand dollars. The condition of the con-
veyance was such that if it should ever cease
to be kept up as such place of public resort it
should revert to the State of Virginia.
Under these circumstances, having obtained
possession of the property, put it in repair,
provided for a custodian to be there all the
time, and established a boat to run between
Washington and Mount Vernon, making daily
trips for the convenience of those who ^desire
to visit a spot so sacred, they were going on
prosperously until interrupted by the war.
Everybody, at least in this vicinity, knows the
great injury to the interests of the association.
Besides those general inconveniences arising
from being cut off from communication be-
tween Washington and Mount Vernon from
the general progress of the war, they had spe-
cial damage from the fact that their boat, upon
which they relied entirely for an income, was
necessarily stopped running by order of the
War Department for a succession of years.
Now, what they ask is that, to enable them
to go on in the execution of this interesting
and sacred trust which they have undertaken,
we shall make up to them in some degree at
least the loss sustained by them in consequence
of the stopping of the passenger boat upon
which they relied for the means of keeping up
that property in good condition. I think
while that unfinished mass of marble and
granite stands at the other end of the city as a
witness against the people of the United States
and their Congress, for want of due respect to
the memory of Washington, it is little enough
for us to make some small appropriation to
keep up at least an interest in that which was
his home during his life-time, and to which
pilgrimages are being made by all patriotic
citizens of the United States from every quarter
and by all patriots and lovers of republican
liberty from every part of the world. I would
much rather see a bill passed at once in com-
pliance with this request and from the sense
which the House entertains of the propriety
of the measure, than to keep these ladies wait-
ing with their claim, to be bandied between
any two or three of the committees of this
House.
I do not criticise the action of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, because I admit that,
regularly and appropriately, the memorial
should go to the Committee of Claims. But I
submit to the House the question whether it
would not be a graceful and proper thing, and
one which would meet the approval of all our
constituencies, if we should meet the claim at
once by granting it ?
W hile the Clerk has been reading the memo-
rial I have endeavored to prepare a bill in such
a shape as I would prefer. I ask the Honse
I to liste« to the reading of the bill which T send
