126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
and safe conduct of their business so long as
legal tenders are left outstanding for their use.
With no unusual drain from abroad, it must be
borne in mind that our stock of the precious
metals will be increased by one hundred to one
hundred and fifty millions within the next eight-
een months through the regular products of our
domestic mines. Under such circumstances
the Government, backed by its improved credit
aad its actual resources of specie on hand, will
possess ample means to meet all demands that
can arise, and will not be likely to have even one
half of its supplies exhausted ere public con-
fidence is restored and United States notes are
brought up to the full and true standard of
value as measured throughout the world.
Then as to the effect the measure will have
upon the tariff: it cannot bat be beneficial.
Now, though duties are placed so high as to
tempt the smuggler in many instances and thus
foil both revenue and protection : and though so
high as in time of peace to be felt as oppressive,
thereby breeding opposition to even moderate
and reasonable protection, even such a tariff
fails in a large measure to secure the home
markets to American manufacturers, simply
because depreciated paper money so cripples
them that cheap production is impossible, and
Americans are wholly unequal to the race with
auv people who use money having an intrinsic
value. Taxation unquestionably is a load sen-
sitively feit by all and keenly felt by manufac-
turers competing with untaxed products, and in
any adjustment of the tariff beyond the require-
ments of a normal condition, an additional
percentage to the duties will have to be con-
ccded to enable business to sustain taxation
or American manufactures will soon become
extinct. No manufactures can flourish at the
same time with redundant paper money unless
the latter is all the time expanding, and when
it ceases to expand or begins to contract then
they famish and die. Where a depreciated cur-
rency exist3 there can be no health for them;
there they have no continuing city or abiding
place.
The effect on agriculture and husbandry is
not less unsatisfactory. Beycnd the labor of ;
the family the business yields no encourage-
ment and the products of hired labor rarely
more than equal the wages paid oat. The
moderate crops for two seasons past have
secured comparatively good prices, but they
would have been good under a system of cash
payments, and the annual income of farmers
deducting expenses has been small. The price
of wool is down to a hard money price, but
railroad freights are not. The expanaed paper
money lengthens the road from New York to
St. Louis, and from Boston to Chicago, as well
as all over the country, forty per cent, and
sometimes more than that. The wheat, wool,
hogs, and cattle going from Chicago to Boston
or New York, and all returning freights, are
charged at rates equal to fourteen hundred
miles, or more, instead of one thousand. This
may be fun for the railroads, but it is death to
the agriculturist and the husbandman. For
all practical purposes it removes the splendid
gram-growing region of the great Northwest
back under the cold shade of the Rocky mount-
ains. The railroads inay be able to endure
it, but can the farmer? Competing railroads
cannot be extemporized under the reign of an
inflated currency. Whatever monopolies exist
will be perpetuated.
With au exclusively paper currency the inte-
rior and remote parts of the Union are not
benefited even by that fertility, followed by
exhaustion, which it gives to the places where
it usually floats and a more lavish diffusion
occurs. Unlike gold and silver, it is discon-
tented in a poor man's pocket, and does not
•eek rest and a home, but, fickle as the wheel
of fortune, when it quits places of large cap-
ital for a summer excursion, it is sure to return
at the earliest telegraphic hint. It is the popu-
lar leader of extravagance, and as naturally
runs away from the rural districts as it flows to
the centers of luxury and dissipation. Expand
11 M ® ch as you please, and it will mainly ]
hover and circle around the seats of wealth,
and cannot be made to dig ditches or to build
ships.
1 had occasion last year to discuss a kindred
question, and proved, as I thought, that, by
failing to use gold and silver as coin, for which
purpose it is usually required, and is of must
value, we had greatly diminished its price when
measured by other commodities, while at the
same time wc had augmented the price of
everything else, llow oppressively this weighs
upon the States and Territories producing the
precious metals will be seen at a glance. If
there wer# 110 other cause, this alone is suffi-
cient to interpret the political revolution that
has recently occurred on the Pacific coast, and
its warning is. be wise in time.
California is a young State and full of enter-
prise, yet prior to the rebellion she found it
necessary to contract a debt for which high rates
of interest were paid. Massachusetts is an old
State, full of wealth and renown, and not less
moved by enterprise, but was able to contract
debts at a low rate of interest. Both of these
gallant States—one on the Atlantic and one
on the Pacific—have paid all interest as it fell
due on their debts in good old-fashioned hard
money. California, to her imperishable honor
be it said, though hardly out of her teens and
peopled by those who rushed there to get gain,
Las not be«n willing to leave to Massachu-
setts—the Puritan growth of ceuturies—the
undivided glory of maintaining the public
morals and a conscience above the obligation.
California deserves well of the Republic I
With a depreciated aud redundant currency
the poor man is driven to the wall. He has
nothing to be affected butthe price of his labor,
which, though inconsiderable in value, never
rises so as to keep him relatively in no worse
condition than he was before, or to compensate
him for the increased cost of living. Purely
motieyed capital, as well as labor, is at once
depreciated by any actual redundancy of the
currency. But then moneyed capital is mobile,
easily shifted, "'wiser than the children of
light,'' and always contrives to take care of
itself. With an excess of currency, when there
is a diminution of any article of necessity, mon-
eyed capital at once monopolizes it, and the
public are the victims of speculative extortions.
The propertied capitalist, however, under like
circumstances, enriches himself at the expense
of both the poor man and the moneyed man.
. This deranges the proportions of the capital of
the couutry and paralyzes production. There
is much trade, not for consumption, but for
speculation and very little addition to the gen-
eral wealth. The capitalist of any sort has his
eyes at all times fixed on a financial barom-
eter to learn whether it is settled fair or whether
1 a storm is indicated, and then adjusts his invest-
! ments in advance of his neighbors, so as to
j reap the profits of an expansion or avoid the
' loss of a contraction. The poor man has no
| retreat, but stands exposed to any wind that
| may blow. The largest real estate owner in the
| city of New York may favor the largest amount
j of paper currency, and having all his property
| in real estate, and no patriotic sixpence in
J United States bonds, might advocate the pay-
; ment of the latter in greenbacks. His immense
1 property and annual rents have more than
doubled by the excessive issues of legal-tender
! money, and he gratefully adheres to the policy
! which gives him the largest monopoly and con-
j troiin the value of the net results. Newbouse-
I builders with paper money cannot compete with
| old hereditary landlords.
The second section in the bill and the others
following it are intended as auxiliaries to aid
and support the principle to be carried out by
the first section. There can be no doubt that
whenever we raise the United States notes to
par the Government must be in possession of
the means to give and take coin or paper on
equal terms. To this end it must have a liberal
supply of coin on hand. There is no doubt,
also, that this reserve of coin exerts an immense
and salutary power upon the credit of the Gov-
ernment. Without it neither bonds nor paper
of the United States would maintain anything
like their present valui*. In louinl numbers
the Government has now $82,000,000 of fold
while its own demand pnper nlloat amounts to
over three hundred ai.d tilty million dollars.
It is doing a banking business on a gigantic
scale, and to maintain the credit of its issues
for circulation it must hold a strong reserve of
specie. The Bank of France is very strong in
its coin, and the Hank of England, also, sus-
tained by the credit of Great Britain, for it
issues 110 bills which arc not represented by
either coin or consols, has a much larger
reserve of specie in proportion to its liabilities
than that held in the Treasury of the United
States.
Such a reenforcement of the c rod it of the
country is as indispcnsiblc here 11s it is in France
or England, and cannot be either wisely or
safely abandoned anywhere. But there is
complaiut made that this may be increased to
an excessive amount, or suddenly diminished
through the power of the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell gold or to hoard it at his
option. I do not think there can be any excess
upon the 4th of July, 1801), as it will be seen
(by the statement of December 1, 18GT,> that
after deducting that deposited and which is
liable to be withdrawn any day upon gold cer-
tificates there will not remain in the Treasury
but $82,289,244 69, and there is $14,61)0,-
941 80 of public debt of 1847 and 1848 to be
paid the coming year, so that, after paying
the semi-annual interest now constantly falling
due, there will not be more than about one
hundred million in specie, if so much, in the
Treasury on July 4, 1809, and of that at least
S2o,000,000 will be due and paid out for the
July interest on the public debt.
While it may be expected that the banks,
and almost the entire community, will tender
their good offices to aid a general return to the
true standard of value, the Government must,
be in a condition to defy any combination of
the gold gamblers, whose occupation would be
gone the moment depreciation of paper money
ceased to exist. Those having capital would
be exposed, should they make any attempt to
break down the Government under such cir-
cumstances, to such extreme hazards that they
would avoid it, and those without capital
would not be likely to find any parties willing
to lend "greenbacks" for such purposes.
The section will prevent any sales being
made by the Secretary of the Treasury, except
at certain periods and in ascertained amounts
known to everybody. With no law about it, I
do not suppose any Secretary of the Treasury
would transcend the limits proposed by the
first section of the bill, but that full informa-
tion may be possessed by the public of the pre-
cise policy which is to be pursued, I think it
may be as well to fix it in the form of law. and
thus remove any uncertainty which now hangs
over the subject.
The third section provides that banks hav-
ing on hand less than twenty per cent, in specie
of their capital shall, until July, 1869, retain
the specie interest paid to th'em on their bonds.
On the 1st ofOctoberlast the amount ofspecie
held by the national banks was $10,250,130 30,
and this sum would be increased by the addi-
tion of about thirty million dollars, as it is very
desirable it should be, by the section proposed.
There would be no suspension of the payment
of dividends earned and no loss to the banks,
except that of the premium on the interest
paid by the Government, as the specie retained
could not be sold, but would be counted as
part of their reserve, and legal tenders would
be issued in lieu of the same.
This is a gain from which they have hitherto
largely profited, but which it will* not be pre-
tended ever to have been contemplated as a
part of a permanent system of banking, and
having already excited the public jealousy,
should be joyfully surrendered at the earliest
moment. If the national banks are evar to
bring up their own currency to par, where is
there a more feasible mode? And they ought
to be willing, if it were necessary, to make
