SUPPLEMENT TO
if he couH not bend the Seuate to his will he
had already determined to defy the law. The
suspension of Mr. Stantpn in August wonld
have been lawful had .there been, instead of
mere pretexts, any valid charges of misbe-
havior or .disability against him worthy of the
just consideration of the Senate,; but there
were .no such charge,?, and he_ was properly
restored by the Senate. President Johnson
could now, while the Senate is in. session, by
.obtaining its advice and consent, oust Mr.
Stanton at any moment; or any other civil
officer, by only nominating a fit and proper
person for his successor : but solitary .and alone
he cannot legally remove him, nordoes it even
appear probable that the Secretary of War ad
interim, Lorenzo Thomas, to use his most
energetic words, can " kick him out.''
The constitutional power of the President
has not been invaded by Congress, but the
joint power of the Senate has been solemnly
asserted and ought not now to be surrendered
to any President, and especially not to one
who manifests so much avidity to monopolize
the political control of the Governmentas does
il)e present incumbent. Without passing npon
the question as to whether the tenure-of-office
act is in every respect expedient or not, I see
no reason to question its expediency now, nor
i*!s constitutionality at any time. That ques-
tion has been twice solemnly decided by more
than two thirds of each branch of Congress,
and recently by a still larger proportion of the
Senate. Not one of these legislators, under
their oath of office, could have voted for this
law believing it was unconstitutional, and it
would be pitifully absurd to suppose that they
have suddenly changed their opinions, or that
the country will be very swift to accept the
opinions of President Johnson and his advisers
as of more weight than the combined authority
of more than two thirds of both Houses of
Congress.
Precedents have fbeen uted to sustain the
action of the President, and it should be noted
first that they all, such as they are, bear date
prior to the passage of the tenure-of-ofiiee act,
when there might have been some lawful au-
thority to justify the same; but it is hardly too
much to claim that there is not one valid pre-
cedent in the whole history ol our Government
where a President has positively removed a
Caoinet officer while the Senate was in session
without its consent. The case of Timothy
Pickering, under President Adams, was no
exception; for on the same day the Senate
advised ami consented to the appointment of
John Marshall in the place of Pickering. Ad-
mit President Johnson's pretensions and he
might at once, without any barrier, remove
McCulloch or P. IS. Spinner and put any gen-
eial of the Army into power as Secretary of
the Treasury ad interim or as Treasurer ad
interim. lie, has certainly as much power
over the purse as over the sword of the nation,
and no more.
Sanction this pretension of the Executive
and our Republic would be no more a free
Government than that of the French empire.
1 shall cite one more significant fact that
fully confirms the views already expressed. As
is well known, every outgoing President, some
weeks prior to the close of his term, as an act
of official courtesy due to his successor, issues
a proclamation to convene the Senate at twelve
o'clock m. 011 the 4th of March next succeed-
ing, " to receive and act upon such commu-
nications as may be made to it on the part
of the Executive," and this is done to give the
incoming President a chance to have a new
Cabinet by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. This has been the universal
practice. Franklin Pierce issued such a proc-
lamation on the 10th day of February, 1857,
for the Senate to convene at twelve o'clock m.
on the 4th of March, 1857, and it. did so con-
vene and remain in session for ten days. James
Buchanan issued a like proclamation in the
same words February 11, 1801. Now, if the
President can make removals und appoint-
ments of Cabinet officers, or manufacture any
ad interim substitutes, without the advice and
consent of the Senate, why do these extraor-
dinary executive sessions of the Senate so
repularly appear and reappear in our hi-story ?
'ihe main facts set forth against the Presi-
dent in the first, second, and third articles are
confessedly true, and they are, in my opinion,
without any constitutional or lawful justifica-
tion. That they come within the range of im-
peachable offenses there can be no reasonable
doubt.
The fourth article charges that the President
did unlawfully conspire with Lorenzo Thomas
and other persons with intent, by intimidation
and threats, to hinder Edwin M. Stanton from
holding the office of Secretary of War, in viola-
tion of the provisions of "Au act to define and
punish certain conspiracies,'1 passed July 31,
1801.
It does not appear to me that sufficient proof
has been produced to sustain the charge of
" intimidation and threats," as alleged. The
President told General Sherman that Stanton
" was cowardly," but it does not appear that
he has yet acted on the idea of trying to oper-
ate upon him through his fears, nor does it
appear that he authorized General Thomas so
to operate.
The fifth article charges that the President
did unlawfully conspire with Lorenzo Thomas
and other persous to prevent and hinder the
execution of the tenure-of office act, passed
March 2, 1807, and did unlawfully attempt to
prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then Secretary of
War, from holding said office.
It is very evident that President Johnson
was ready to accept aid, and that he sought, it
from various quarters to prevent and hinder
the execution of the tenure-of-office act, and
that he did attempt to prevent Mr. Stanton
from holding the office of Secretary of War by
making an unlawful agreement or by conspiring
with Lorenzo Thomas, it is clear, also, that
at Inst the President found General Thomas
grateful for his recent restoration to the office
of Adjutant General of the Army, who with
the Constitution and the laws on bis lips agreed
and was ready to carry out his unlawful orders,
designs, and purposes. If any further proof
was required beyond his many abortive strug-
gles to accomplish his ends, the admissions of
the President in his letter to General Grant,
February 10, 18G8, would be conclusive on
this point.
The sixth article varies from the fourth in
charging that the President conspired by force
to seize, take, and possess the property of the
United States in the Department of War, in
violation of the conspiracy act of July 31,
1801, and of the tenure-of-office act of March
2, 1807.
That Adjutant General Thomas had revolved
in h's own mind the idea of force, if it should
be necessary, to get possession of the War
Department, there is no doubt from his own
testimony, as well as that of others, especially
that of Samuel Wilkeson; but the President
appears to have pocketed the order suggested
by Thomas for a call upon General Grant for
a military order, and it hardly seems right to
make President Johnson responsible for the
utterances or the acts of this frivolous old man,
Adjutant Gencral Thomas, notwithstanding he
was the President's trusted agent, and, per-
haps, as liable to put on a coat of mail as any
more peaceful mask. Furthermore, it does
j not appear to me that the act of July 31, 1801,
I "to define and punish certain conspiracies,"
I one of the legislative necessities arising during
! the war, was intended to apply or can properly
; be made to apply to the present case.
I The seventh article varies from the fifth in
! charging the President with unlawfully eon-
spiring with Lorenzo Thomas to unlawfully
seize, take, and possess the property of the
United States in the Department of War, in
disregard of the act of March 2, 1807.
j The facts and reasons touching the fifth arti-
: cle are applicable to the seventh, and the same
| conclusions follow.
i The eighth article charges the President with
intent unlawfully to control the disbursements
of the moneys appropriated for the military
service and the Department of War, contrary
to "An act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices;" and, without the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate, then being in session, didj
on the 21st day of February, 18G8, issue and
deliver aletter of-authority to Lorenzo Thomas,
empowering him to aet as Secretary of War ad
interim.
This.article is controlled by most of the facts
and arguments belonging to the second article.
I shall only add that the main purpose of
wresting the office of Secretary of War from
the hands of Edwin M. Stanton could not have
been to deprive him of the barren honor of the
official title, but to get the control of its depart-
mental power. The control of the disburse-
ments of moneys for the preservation of the
public peace in the rebellious States, or for the
maintenance of the Freedmen's Bureau, by
which much or nothing may be done, accord-
ing to the discretion of those in authority,
would be no barren scepter within the grasp
of one whose profoundest hatred seems to be
excited when beholding such disbursements
made for the protection of the Union men of
the South, now more than ever struggling for
life and liberty, and who are seeking to restore
rebellious States to their practical relations
with the Union oil the basis of freedom, equal-
ity, and justice.
The-ninth article charges that the President,
on the 22d day of February, 1888, brought
before him General William II. Emory, the
commander for the department at Washington,
and sought to instruct, him that a certain law,
requiring military orders from the President or
Secrctnryof War to be issued through the Gen-
eral of the Army, was unconstitutional, with
intent to induce the said Emory to violate the
same, and with further intent thereby to enable
the President to prevent the execution of the
tenure-of-office act, and to prevent Mr. Stan-
ton from holding the office of Secretary of War.
The particular subject of conversation here
censured appears to have been first introduced
by General Emory, and not by the President.
Each expressed frank opinions, and those of
General Emory being the most commendable,
the President appears to have been, and ought
to have been, quite as much instructed as was
General Emory. If any guilty purpose was
entertained on the part of the President it did
not ripen into a disclosure in the presence of
the mam witness, General Emory.
The tenth article charges President Johnson
with having in various speeches made declara-
tions, threats, and scandalous harangues, in-
tended to excite the contempt and odium of
the people against Congress and the laws of
the United States duly enacted thereby.
The facts here alleged seem to have been
abundantly proved, and there is no doubt of
the stain brought upon the country and upon
the President by these intemperate arid inde-
cent utterances. They are evidences of bad
taste and violent temper, such as are not
infrequently exhibited in political discussions,
and sometimes, it is to be regretted, have ap-
peared as foul blots in legislative discussions,
it would be hardly just to give these presi-
dential harangues any interpretation beyond
their political significance. We may regret
them because of the stigma and scandal thereby
brought before the nation. Jf these discredit-
able speeches had been made with a view to
excite armed rebellion, or had been madjsiu
time of war, the charge would be far more
serious. I do not, however, think it a stretch
of charity to suppose the President when mak-
ing them-had no other than a political object
in view. To President Johnson it will be a
crucl and unavoidable punishment, unparal-
leled in our history, that such speeches are to
be perpetuated as a prominent feature of his
future presidential fame. I do not desire to
place any greater burden upon his back.
The eleventh article charges, first, that the
President declared by public, speech that the
Thirty-Ninth Congress was not a Congress,
