1868.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
moving to strike out the second paragraph of
the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that when the bill is reported to the House, if
the previous question should not be seconded,
and it is on Monday, a motion to suspend the
rules can be made,, and if the motion prevails
then the gentleman can make his motion.
Mr. LOGAN. Will not the gentleman who
has charge of the bill agree to that proposition?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope,
by unanimous consent, when the bill gets in
the House the gentleman will be permitted to
move the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it not better to go
back now and move it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ithinlcnot.
Mr. LOGAN. That will accomplish my
object. I -desire that the matter may be ex-
plained to the House, and I will explain it if I
can get unanimous consent to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can
make no order to bind the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For lighting the Capitol andPresident'sHouse and
public grounds around them, around the executivo
offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, $50,000.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out the
"$50,000," for the purpose of making an
inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] iu relation to the comparative
amount of expense required for lighting the
Capitol, President's House, and other public
buildings, together with the public grounds,
and lighting Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The esti-
mate was $60,000.
Mr. COBURN. The question is, what is
the cost of lighting the Capitol and Presi-
dent's House, and the grounds around them,
and how much is for lighting Pennsylvania
avenue ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has
never been estimated separately. It has always
been lumped in one item in all the appropria-
tion bills. I have endeavored in many bills to
get that part of the appropriation which relates
to the lighting of Pennsylvania avenue stricken
out, and I have not been able to do so. But the
Committee on Appropriations cut down the
estimate to $>50,000.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that the
expense of lighting this city last year, as re-
ported by the officers of the city, was "for
lighting the lamps of the city, $8,491." That
is all that was expended by the city during
the last year for this purpose, as reported by
that officers of the city. Now, it strikes me
that we are lighting the entire city with the
money that we appropriate. I know that I
reside in a city about half as large as this,
and the expense of lighting it is $35,000 a
year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman will permit me, I will suggest an
amendment which I think will meet his ap-
probation and the approbation of the com-
mittee. It is to strike out the words "and
Pennsylvania avenue" and insert $30,000 in
lieu of $00,000
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say, in addition
to what I have already said, that if the com-
mittee will look at the expense of lighting this
city according to this estimate they will see
that it is perfectly enormous. Here is an ap-
propriation of $50,000 for lighting the Capitol
'and President's House and public grounds
around them, aronndthe executive offices, and
Pennsylvania avenue. At that rate the cost
of lightingthe whole city would be three orfour
hundred thousand dollars a year. Now, no sane
man believes that this estimate is anything like
a fair one .Thirty thousanddollars would be an
enormous pricefor the lighting ofPennsylvania
avenue and the public grounds and buildings.
I venture the assertion that the whole cost of
what is included in this item would not be
$6,000 a year, and, therefore, I am opposed
to giving $30,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then say
$20,000.
Mr. COBURN. No; I would cut itdownto
$5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We are,
of course, obliged to light the Capitol and the
President's House and the public grounds, and
it will not do to reduce the appropriation too
much.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Gas must be very cheap
where the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Co-
born] comes from. [Laughter.] It costs sev-
enty-five dollars to light this Hall for a single
night, and the gentleman talks about $5,000 a
year for lighting the whole city 1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
offer the amendment I suggested, to strike out
the words "and Pennsylvania avenue," and
to reduce the appropriation to $30,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then you will not have
Pennsylvania avenue lighted.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. That having been adopted,
I now withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
For lighting Four-and-a-half street, across the
Mall, and Maryland avenue west, and Sixth street
south, $20,000: Provided, That the corporation of
Washington city shall light their street lamps with
seven-feet burners, twenty-one nights in each month,
from dark until daylight, and that no part of this
appropriation shall be disbursed until it is proved
to tho satisfaction of the chief engineer of the War
Department that said corporation have so lighted
their street lamps.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend that paragraph by striking out the
clause:
For lighting Four-and-a-half street, aero:-:? the
Mall, and Maryland avenuo west, and Sixth street
south, $20,000.
We have determined by the vote just taken
that wc will not light Pennsylvania avenue,
and that determination, in my judgment, was
right. We ought not to light "Four-and-a-
lialf street, across the Mall," nor anywhere
else; we ought not to light Maryland avenue,
but let the people of this city light their streets
themselves. The acting chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriationsagrees that this should
be stricken out, and I hope my motion will
prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ICELSEY. That necessitates the strik-
ing out of tho balance of the paragraph.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the proviso will stand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ithas nothing to stand on.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out the
proviso. There is nothing for it to be attached
to now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is right. It ought
to be stricken out.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Keyset, and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For pay of lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumbing,
lamp-posts, lanterns, glass, paints, matches, mate-
rials, and repairs of all sorts, $20,000.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read. In looking at the report
of the city officers in relation to this matter, I
find that the amount paid out by the city is
$3,796 for lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumbing,
&c., something like that for which we are asked
to appropriate $20,000. Yet, the city lights
up at least ten times as many lamps as the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] will
move to reduce this in the same way that other
items have been reduced.
Mr. COBURN. I move to reduce it to
$3,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Better make it three
dollars, and be done with it.
The amendment of Mr. Cobtojt was not
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out "$20,000" and insert "$5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For improvement of Capitol grounds, $2,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. \tould it not be better.
to amend that by adding to it the words "Pro-
vided that the expense be paid by the city
government?" [Laughter.]
The Clerk concluded the reading of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, r move to
amend the bill by adding to it the following:
For continuing the work on the national arsenal
at Columbus, Ohio, dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. This amendment has
been ruled out of order once already; it belongs
to the Army bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My colleague,
Mr. Shellabarger, as we all know, has been
detained at his home by indisposition. I offer
this amendment on his behalf. There is a
natioual arsenal at Columbus which is par-
tially completed. Owing to the absence of my
colleague the attention of the Committee on
Appropriations has not been called to the
necessity for an appropriation to complete the
building. I have here a letter from the Gov-
ernor of Ohio, indorsed by the State auditor
and State treasurer, which I ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Ohio, Executive Department,
Columbus, February 19,1868.
De \n Stu: There has been an estimate sent to the
"War Department to carry on toward completion the
national arsenal at Columbus. The estimate is rep-
resented to be a moderate one, no more than is re-
quired to complete the buildings. In Mr. Shella-
iiargkr'S absence it is feared that the appropriation
for thispui pose maybe neglected. I write to request
thatyouwill talcean iuterestiu it and see that a suit-
able appropriation is made. _ _
Sinceiely, B.B.IIAYES.
lion. William Lawkknce, Washington, D. C.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have left a
blank in the amendment for the amount, for
the reason that I have not yet received from
the War Department the estimate which has
been sent there. 1 have requested the Depart-
ment to send the estimate to me, but it has not
yet done so. I merely ask that this amend-
ment, with the blank, be made to the bill with
the understanding that the blank may be filled
with the proper amount when the bill comes
before the House. This is a matter in which
I have no personal interest; it is simply an act
of justice to my absent colleague. I hope there
will be no objection to it. 1 have no doubt the
blank will be filled hereafter with an amount
that will be satisfactory to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No man
can regret more than I do the absence of the
distinguished Representative from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger.] But no estimate for this pur-
pose was sent to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, no sum was asked for by the Govern-
ment for this work, and the appropriation for
it does not belong in this bill. It is entirely
out of place here. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] asks us to legislate upon this
matter in the dark entirely. His proper plan
is to go to the Senate, where the Army bill has
gone, and ask for an amendment to be made
there to that bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. To be consistent the
gentleman should let the citizens of Columbus
maintain their own arsenal.
Mr. BLAINE. That is a good suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say a word or two on this subject. I happen
to know that in 1861, when the war broke out,
there was not in the capital of Ohio any build-
ing whatever suitable for the safe-keeping of
United States arms or arms belonging to the
State of Ohio. During the twenty-five years
previous there had been issued to that State a
large number of arms of various sorts ; but,
as in other States, those arms were scattered
all over the Commonwealth. The Government
