1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2535
to the Clerk's desk, and then to give unanimous
consent that we may take it up and act upon it
now.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read as a
part of the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schbxcic.]
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill for the relief of the Mount Vernon Associa-
tion.
Be it enacted, H~c., That the sum of $7,000 be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for the
relief of the Mount Vernon Association.
Mr. PRUYN.' Let me suggest that the bill
just read does not state correctly the title of
the association.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the hill just read for considera-
tion at the present time ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] whether
the sum named in the bill is the sum stated in
the memorial ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; these ladies in their
memorial ask for $9,000; but, after looking
over their memorial and some letters in my
possession and ascertaining the exact time
during which the boat was stopped, I have
come to the conclusion that $7,000 is about
right.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think $9,000 is a very
reasonable amount.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no particular ob-
jection to that amount, and am willing that an
amendment shall be offered to increase the
sum named in the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw the motion to
discharge the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe there is iio
objection to considering at the present time
the bill presented by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrexce] objects.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, to suspend
the rules, to allow me to introduce the bill for
consideration at the present time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will make the amount $9,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will allow an amend-
ment to be offered to increase the amount to
$9,000.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes fifty, noes not counted.
Mr. BROOKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Harding were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—■
ayes forty-four.
The SPEAKER. Not two thirds of a
quorum.
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 38, not voting
94 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bailey, Beatty,
Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferry, Garfield,
Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Halsey, Higby, Holman,
Hooper, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormiek, Morgan, Morrell,
Newcomb, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Polsley, Prnyn, Raum, Robinson, Ross, Sehenek, Seo-
field, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Taffe, Thomas, Lawrence
S. Trimble.Van Trump,Windom, and Woodward—57.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton. Blair,
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields, Harding, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketebam, William Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch,
McClurg, Mercur, Pike, Robertson, Sawyer, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens. Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and
William B. Washburn—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Bing-
ham. Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,But-
ler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cor-
nell, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,Dodge, Donnelly, liickley,
Ela, Finney, Fox. Getz. Glossbrenncr, Griswold,
Hai^ht, Hawkins. Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Jenckes, Judd, Kitchen, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Mallory; Marvin, McCarthy, MeCullough, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrisscy, Mullins, Mungen,
Myers, Niblaok, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabargcr, Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taylor, John Trimble, Twiehell,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van AVyck, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry JD. Wash-
burn, Wclkcr, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Wood, and Woodbridge—94.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative to make a quorum ; but, two thirds
not having voted in the affirmative, the rules
are not suspended.
excused from committee service.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask to be excused from
service on the committee of investigation
announced to-day by the Speaker.
It was ordered accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Burii to fill
the vacancy.
enrolled bills.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that tliey had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 1045) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the execution of the reconstruction
laws in the third military district for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18G8 ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1062) to grant the right
of "way to the Whitehall and Plattsburg Rail-
road Company.
adjournment oyer.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it to be his
duty to state for the information of the House
that the Senate have passed the resolution for
adjournment over with an amendment.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had concurred in the
resolution of the House to adjourn over, with
an amendment, that when the two Houses ad-
journ to-day they adjourn to meet on Monday,
the 25th instant.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I insist on the
motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
thirty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no! Do not adjourn.
The managers have a report to make.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well; I with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD. I call for the regular order.
Several members called for the vote on the
amendment of the Senate to the concurrent
resolution of the House for the adjournment
over.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to state the reason
why the House should not concur in that reso-
lution. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, that in
the investigation with which the managers are
charged it may be necessary, and is now neces-
sary, to have the action of the House to com-
pel the attendance of witnesses.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order to discuss
the motion to adjourn over?
The SPEAKER. The question is open to
debate, but to a very limited degree. It is in
order for the gentleman from Massachusetts to
state, as one of the managers of the impeach-
ment, why the House should not concur in the
amendment of the Senate. It is within the
proper range of debate to state what public
business requires ou.r attendance here.
Mr. BUTLER. I will endeavor to proceed
in order. It is quite necessary that the House
should be in session to enforce its process.
There have been, I have authority to say, acts
of recusancy on the part of witnesses that came
very near making it necessary that they should
be brought before the House, and there is on
the part of one or more witnesses such a desire
manifested to escape all investigation that I
think it will be necessary to have the House
in session. I am now instructed by the man-
agers to report a resolution for the purpose of
bringing a witness who has refused to 
Mr. ROBINSON. I raise a point of order,
and I leave it to the Chair entirely. I object
to all this.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is himself
out of order, for the ruling of the Chair stands
as the judgment of the House unless it is
appealed from. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has not transgressed
the rules; he has limited himself to a state-
ment of the reasons why the House should not
remain in session.
Mr. ROBINSON. A point of order, then,
and I have done. The gentleman has already
indicated that he wishes to present another
resolution pending the resolution under con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled that that
was not in order at the present time, because
the House is now considering the amendment
of the Senate to the resolution of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire, within the most
limited range, togivethereasonswhytheHouse
should not adjourn over. It was telegraphed
all over the country, as the conclusion of the
Senate on Saturday, that no recess should be
taken. To my personal knowledge more than
one member, and the presumption is that a
great many members, are on their way hither
on the presumption that there is to be a con-
tinued session of Congress.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, sir, I think almost all
gentlemen intending to go have already gone.
Certainly the great bugaboo, the Chicago con-
vention, which was to have called away so
many members, in the apprehension of our
friends on the other side, has taken away all
that are likely to go. There is to be no fur-
ther draft in that direction. We have had a
quorum in the House to-day, and we shall
have a larger number present to-morrow and
the next day, and in my judgment it will be a
very poor trade to give up a cool fortnight in
May for one in the dog-days in August. I
think it would be very unwise to make that
trade. Committees are ready to report, and
the call is going on regularly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why did not the gentle-
men have their convention in dog-days, so as
to save the time now ?
Mr. BLAINE. We did not want to run in
competition with your convention in the dog-
days.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know about
that.
Mr. ROSS. It is apparent to me, Mr.
Speaker, that there will be nothing done, and
as an outside consideration I will state that
there is an important convention now being
held in Chicago, and there is great danger of
its being broken up or disrupted unless we go
and look after it. I think, therefore, it is our
duty to go en masse as a body to Chicago and
see if we cannot heal the breach that is appa-
rently overshadowing the great national party
of this country. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on concurring in the amendment of the
Senate to the resolution of the House.
Mr. ALLISON, I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendment on the table.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
02, noes 33.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, making a quorum.
Mr. ROBINSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the resolution and amendment were laid
on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recusant witness.
Mr. BUTLER. On behalf of the managers
on the part of the House on the impeachment
I offer the following preamble and resolution :
Whereas a summons was heretofore in due form
