1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
wmo sacrifices to bring up the United States
Ix'iuis whuU they own to their tull nominal
value. its they infallibly would be by the same
pfY 00>>.
1 he fourth section provides that national
banks having issued bills of the denomination
of live dollars or less, shall be required to pay
them whenever demanded in coin, and may
pay larger bills in I'nited States notes or coin,
us they please. Specie has been so long
hoarded that whenever it again comes into use
there must be some places where moderate sums
can be readily obtained, or the demands upon
the I'nited States Treasury would be too fre-
quent. and in the aggregate too lar^e, and yet it
would not appear to be wise to require the banks
at once to pay coin forall their bills while United
States notes remain a legal tender ; and they
must remain a legal tender as long as they are
expected to circulate. At some future time they
can be easily retired by fixing a time for repeal-
ing their legal tender qualifications, and then if
it shall be found that the present circulation of
the national banks is insufficient for the wants of
the country, and the national banks shall in the
mean time commend themselves to the country,
such circulation can be increased by enlarging
the number of national banks. At the present
time the Secretary of the Treasury is not con-
tracting the currency, uor is it to be under the
practical operation proposed by this bill, and it
is unnecessary through Sheer contraction to
force paper money by its scarcity alone up to
the value of specie. As it may be found con-
venient, or as it can be done without distress
to the money market, I expect that some small
part of our $.00,000,000 ot paper currency
will be retired, as it should be, before the4th of
July, ; but as the Government will then
have the power to hold, if it chooses, all the
notes for which payment may be demanded in
coin, as well as all that may be paid in for
bonds or taxes, I do not think it would be
judicious or necessary to create any stringency
in the money market in advance, and it is
probable that a confident and easy money mar-
ket would encourage rather than endanger
resumption. If there should be found an ex-
cess of currency it would be readily absolved
by the Treasury.
The fifth and last section of the bill imposes
a penalty of forfeiture upon any national bank
which shall fail to comply with any provisions
in the bill affecting them, and in such cases
authorizes new banks in lieu of those closed
up, with an equal amount of capital, in those
States now having less than their proportion
of the whole amount now authorized by law. !.
The propriety of this section I think will com-
mend itself without further explanation.
A recent wnter upon our finances, who
always deserves to be read for his array of facts
and figures as well as for the luxuriance of his
style of handling such subjects, whether you
assent to all his propositions or not, has sug-
gested the propriety of a gold loan in Europe
of $250,000,000, in order that the Government
might be strong enough to meet all demands
upon a resumption of specie payments, and at
the same time keep up an abundance of money .
at home. Tbis plan would largely increase our
indebtedness abroad, involving, if negotiated '
sale of three hundred and fifty millions
of bonds for two hundred and fifty millions of i
gold, and would create such a disturbance in
foreign money markets as at once to turn the
exchanges against us, and the gold thus obtained i
would be likely to go back, much of it, in the '
same vessels that brought it over as well as
•gain when the loan became due. i'
The plan of the bill now before the Senate, i
it is true, contemplates the temporary use of the ;
legal-tender notes for some time longer, but it!)
also contemplates, besides being vastly leu '
expensive in its inception, their elevation toM
par. That done, the greatest evil of their
presence would be obviated and their ultimate
absorption into the funded debt would be
secured, awaiting only the convenience of the
Government as to the time when it may be
don#. Tho bill under consideration rcliea
upon our own strength, while the other propo-
sition to which I have referred, though patri-
otic in its purposes, is a proclamation of
weakness from the outset ana a reliance upon
foreign aid.
I think I have shown that we are able to
resume specie payments and make our paper
worth what it purports to be—dollar for dollar
in cash. Let us not endure the unpardonable
reproach of not having the "unconquerable
will''to do it.
When we have raised legal-tender paper to
par we shall so reform the national banks that
all clamor for their total destruction will cease.
To be sure they will miss the premium they now
obtain upon the gold interest received upon their
bond|, and their dividends will be thus much
curtailed, but we shall restore them to their
legitimate functions as banks of discount as
well as of circulation. Hitherto they have been
too exclusively institutions to make money for
their stockholders rather than associations to
lend capital for the accommodation of the
public or to men engaged in ordinary business.
Having incurred wide-spread hostility by so
doing, they should promptly amend their course
and combine their interests with those of the
public or they will lose all chance to demon-
strate that the system as a national one pos-
sesses, as it does possess, many admirable quali-
ties. The present national system of banking
owes its chief vices to the fact that the currency
the banks are forced to use, without their fault
as yet, is far below the standard of gold and
silver. If these associations shall be found
perpetuating these vices by resisting efforts
maue to elevate their notes to par they will do
it at their own peril, and in due time find that
they have committed suicide.
Bankers doing a regular business throw out
all long and all speculative paper. They accept
nothing which is not based upon actual trans-
actions, and usually nothing having more than
ninety days to run. But now business is so
much demoralized that speculative paper,
backed up by collaterals ranging from gold
bullion down to fancy copper stocks, drive3
even the gilt-edged business paper out of bank
parlors on to curb-stones. Redeeming their
paper nowhere, banks may take long or renew
short paper at will. Neither the honest trader
nor the industrious manufacturer can compete
with such surroundings—with the bulls who
trample upon him and the bears who squeeze
him—unless like them he becomes a gambler,
differing only in the character of his stakes.
Regular trade affords no such profits as dealers
in corner lots and watered fancy stocks expect
to reap and regular business men cannot afford
extra rates of interest or constructive charges
for exchange, and therefore they are excluded
from banks by shoddy patrons and do "not
stand before mean men.' Those having cap-
ital of their own dare not launch it upon any
adventure without a margin of two or three
profits, not knowing how the character of the
currency may change ere the account shall be
closed. What old India merchant now dares '
risk s cargo from the East to arrive a year
hence? What manufacturer can predict whether
he will be solvent or insolvent six months from
now if he invests his capital in anything in par-
ticular to be then ready for market? I
It is a lamentable fact that this deficiency in
the intrinsic value of our so-called money is
fast undermining the public and private integ-
rity of character of our people. Merchants can-
not continue in business unless they acquire an
aptitude for the calculation of chances; and
officers in the revenue service of the country,
it is to be feared, too frequently calculate the
chances as to whether they can make most for
or against the Government. And bankers, lost
in the sweeping current, forget bankingand turn
brokers. It is time this state of things should
be checked, though it should subject us to some
inconvenience as it need not to any at all.
I have spoken sharply of the practices of
some of the national banks not because I wish
to overthrow the system, as that, in my judg-
ment, would be a stupendous blunder. We
| must have chartered banking institutions to lend
j money, and i f these are not granted by the U n ited
i States the several States will again be allowed
to occupy the ground. That seems to me now
i very undesirable. All banks authorized to
issue bills make some profits on their circula-
tion. It is this credit which serves to increaso
the lending capital of the country, and in tho
United States is imperatively needed, especially
in the young and growing States. The amount
of circulation allowed to the national banks
is more restricted than any other banking law
ever imposed by the General Government or by
the several States. Heretofore circulation has
been permitted at the rate of two or threo
dollars for one of capital. Under the present
national system it is in all cases less than dol-
lar for dollar, or in no case more than ninety
per cent., and for banks of large capital very
much less. If we are to have banks at all they
must be allowed some circulation. The great
question is to have it at all times kept good, and
to that end the stockholders of the national
banks pledge a larger amount of United States
bonds for its security, which at once become
subject to taxation although held exempt be-
fore. In point of safety there can be nothing
suggested more sound. As a uniform currency
it must be conceded never to have been excelled.
In its general exemption from losses through
counterfeits it is also a distinguished success.
There is a hue and cry, as malevolent as1t is
ignorant, about the loss to the Government by
permitting these national banks to issue bills
for circulation while the Government pays
interest upon the bonds deposited, which the
last report of the Comptroller of the Currency
ought to shame into silence. At the risk of
being tedious I will give a brief extract from
Mr. Hulburd's report:
"The national banks are compelled by law to hold
constantly in reserve a certain per centage of their
circulation and deposits in United States legal-tender
notes. Tbe amount thus held permanently in reserve
is never less than $150,000,000, (generally about
$180,000,000,) and is a gratuitous loan to tho Govern-
ment. The banksget no interest on it. It is so much
of their capital unproductive, invested in non-inter-
est-bearing notes of the Government.
" The case may be stated thus:
" The banks have loaned to the Government a*
follows:
For bonds deposited to secure their circulation, bear-
ing six per cent, interest  $250,000,000
' Bearing five per cent  90,000,000
i Permanent reserve of legal tenders  150,000,000
Total loan to the United States $490,000,000
"For which they receive—
Six per cent, interest on $250,000,000 $15,000,000
Five per cent, interest on $90,000,000  4,500,000
Total  19,500,000
Bat they refund in taxes  16,000,000
Leaving  $3,500,000
which the Government pays the banks for a loan of
(490.000,000—a little less than three fourths of one
per cent.
" But there is still another aspect of this ease:
" The banks are held rigidly accountable for tho
interest they receive on money honestly loaned to
the Government when it needed money, and they
claim credit for tbe money loaned to the Government
without interest. They bold these $150,000,000 in
obedience to the mandates of the law, while money
is worth to them six per cent. They therefore give
the Government the use of the money; that is to
say-
Six per cent, on $150,000,000 non-interest-bearing
United States notes held permanently in re-
serve $9,000,000
They pay in the shape of taxes  16,000,000
Total  25,000,000
They receive interest from theGovernment.,19,500,000
Leaving...... $5,500,000
which the banks actually pay as a bonus to the Gov-
ernment for tho privilege of circulating their own
notes. The fact should not be overlooked, in thiscon-
nection, that the banks have deposited $340,000,000
with the Treasurer as security for their issues. Now,
the United States could not possibly buy over three
hundred millions of these bonds without an actual
addition of thirty or forty millions of greenbacks to
the amount it is proposed to issue in lieu of three
hundred millions of national banknotes. The result
would be, either that the Government would fail to
save $2,400,000 interest on forty millions of its bonds
which it could not purchase, or it would have to try
the dangerous and unnecessary experiment of again
inflating the currency."
There is but one qualification which seems
proper to me to make to this statement. Of
