THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOJBE.
intending to deny its power to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution; in pursuance of this
declaration, that the President attempted to
prevent the execution of the tennre-of-office
act by devising means whereby to prevent Mr.
Stanton from forthwith resuming the functions
of the office of Secretary of War, notwithstand-
ing the refusal of the Senate to concur in his
suspension f and, further, devised means to
prevent the execution of the act making appro-
priations for the Army for the year ending June
CO, 1868; and also to prevent the execution of
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
18(37.
There are not less than four distinct charges
liere made, any one of which, if proved, affords
sufficient foundation to sustain this article, and,
so far as the facts are similar to those embraced
in several of the preceding articles, the argu-
ment need not be repeated. Some of the
charges appear to have been sustained by the
proof, and that is sufficient to determine the
proper vote, though other allegations contained
in the article may or may not be sustained by
proper proof. After saying this it may be use-
less to pursue the subject further ; but among
the independent charges here clustered to-
gether there is one of the gravest in the whole
series made against the President in relation to
tire execution of the act for the more efficient
government of the rebel States, upon which a
brief comment may not be inappropriate.
Nearly all of the other unlawful acts charged
upon Andrew Johnson have been done by him
in order to enable him to accomplish his great
crowning purpose of defeating the legislation
of Congress for the rebel States. Proof in
relation to any other allegations, therefore,
in the end contributes to the support of this
charge, as well as whatever proof may be found
on the record particularly relating to it. Evi-
dence in relation to such a charge to a large
extent must necessarily be circumstantial,
where the party, while ostensibly executing
the law, predetermines its miscarriage, and
mList be surrounded by difficulties, but it does
not seem easy to dismiss the matter as having
no foundation whatever.
The animus of the President has been made
offensively conspicuous in his assignments and
changes of the commanders of the several
military departments, and especially by the
removal of General Sheridan and the appoint-
ment of General Hancock in Louisiana, whose
action in that department, regarded as a dread
calamity by Union men, so enraptured the
President that he even ventured upon the offi-
cial impudence of asking Congress to tender
to the new comnfander a vote of thanks, well
knowing that Congiess could have no other
tWliiig than that of painful solicitude, if not
of disgust, in regard to the part which the
President had persuaded one of our veteran
generals to assume in the execution of the
reconstruction acts ; but all such facts, which
have not heen formally offered in evidence, may
be excluded from our view of this article, and
there will enough remain of substance in other
charges of the article to justify the conclusion
that it should be considered as having been
conclusively supported by the proof.
The various charges in the articles of
impeachment raise the question whether the
President can do certain acts with impunity.
Can he, in violation of his oath, refuse to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed ? Can
he, in violation of the Constitution, exercise
an exclusive power to remove and appoint to
office? Can he, iti violation of the laws of
the laud, disobey such parts of the laws as he
pleases, and when he pleases? With so much
he appears to have been justly charged, and
such acts would not seem to be improperly
characteiized when called high misdemeanors.
If tliev dre not, what are they? Certainly they
are not, innocent acts. What is a misdemeanor? j
The definitions given in Webster's dictionary j
are as follows :
"1. Ill behavior; evil conduct; fault: mismanage-
ment.
2. {Lavy.) Any crime less than a felony. Tho term
applied to ail offenses for which the law has- not fur-
nished a particular name."
If we limit the term to the lawdefinition, it
would still be a very modest fiame for the
offenses.
If the President is guilty, he cannot be guilty
of anything less than a misdemeanor. If the
facts charged do not amount to a misdemeanor,
then the power to impeach the President might
as well forever be abandoned.
But the issues immediately involved in tile
articles of impeachment only thinly cover other
and graver matters, identical in character with"
some of the great questions raised by the recent
rebellion. It is a serious question whether the
executive department of the Government shall
be permitted to absorb some of the most im-
portant powers conferred upon Congress by the
Constitution ; but it is an aggravation of the
question when this absorption is struggled for
in the interest of disloyal citizens, and in be-
half of the fallen fortunes of slavery. It is as
much the duty of Congress to maintain its own
rights as it is its duty not to trench upon the
just powers of the Executive; but the main-
tenance of the rights of Congress looms up to
higher importance when it is seen that just now
hereon hangs the right of ten States to a repub-
lican form of government, to freedom, and the
protection of equal laws. To concede that laws
made by a vote of two thirds of each branch of
Congress, the President's objections to the con-
trary notwithstanding, may be litigated or dis-
regarded and set at defianco by a vetoing Presi-
dent, would be t£J yield a plain provision of.the
Constitution. Even to allow such laws to be
avoided, or to wink at a halting execution of
such laws, would soon undermine and destroy
the check which it was intended should be
placed upon an ambitious and self-willed Ex-
ecutive. IftliePresidentcan makeandunmake,
remove and appoint the chief officers of the
Government at his own will and pleasure—
having in view no other consideration than
whether they are or are not subservient to his
policy—then, instead of being the agent of the
Constitution to "'take care that the laws be
faithfully executed," he becomes the agent of
governmental patronage, to bond both the
lawmakers and the people to his will. If
the Senate has the right to be consulted as to
appointments, this right cannot be abrogated
by Congress nor nullified by the President.
In time of war the power of the Executive
stretches out its strong arm over a new and
vast field; but even in time of war. and over
military and naval officers, the power of the
President does not extend to the latitude which
President Johnson claims in time of peace in
regard to officers in the civil service.
It would be wrong to convict President .1 ohn-
son upon a merely technical violation of the
law, without violence to substance and harm-
ing nobody, and it would be equally wrong to
exonerate him upon a mere techicality while
the practical breach of the law was flagrant.
If he has been substantially guilty of the un-
lawful offenses charged, then our duty to the
Government and the people requires his con-
viction. If through inadvertence, or compelled
by any haste, he made a mistake in his inter-
pretation of the law, acting with entire good
faith, a mistake that he would gladly repair on
the first opportunity, then he perhaps might
be forgiven. But this is no such case, and the
President of the United States, of all men,
should not ask to be excused on account of
ignorance of the law. It is, however, rather
an obstinate adherence of the President to his
own predetermined will. He does not think
he has made a mistake. His veto message of
the 2d of March, 1807 ; the suspension of Mr.
Stanton, August 5, 181S7, under the act, with
the appointment of General Grantas Secretary
ad interim; and his report to the Senate of
December 12, 1867, of the reasons for the sus-
pension of Mr. Stanton, all prove that the
President fully comprehended the law, and he
must have acted with deliberation when he
exercised his constitutional right to withhold
his as$5n¥ from the,bill before it became a,la%'
and ^'fthi equal "deliberation -wlieji fie sxifesi-
quentty conformed to the stric.t leffer oftJhe
flatly' disobeyed tie law by removing Stanton,.
February 21, 1868, and" authorized Thomas io:
fill his'place, he did,not"aet inadvertantly—hfe
had pondered long how to break the law with,
personal impunity—and, although it is hot pre-
tended that this last move of President Johnsan"
was devised or advised by any of his cons*titu:,
tional advisers, it cannot have been naaSe1
through a mere blunder as to the meaning of
the law, but it appears more like a bold attempt
to trample the law under the heels of executi ve
power. *
If the intent of the President was good, that
should mitigate and possibly shield him from
the extreme penalty hanging over him for the
offenses charged and either proved or adto.itted.
A positive breach of the law carries on its face
a bad intent, and there is little or no proof of
good intent other than the offer of proof through
members of his Cabinet of what the President
had at some time said to them, or what they
had at some time said to him. Suppose this be
admitted: that his Cabinet, one and ail, pro-
nounced the law unconstitutional; thatitdiil'
not include the Secretary of War ; and that the
question as to the validity of the law ought to
be carried to the Supreme Court. All this
would only show that the President gave and
received bad advice, which, to say the least, is
not the best evidence of good intent, and,
instead of diminishing the offense, theoretically
increases it; for, after all, the President, by
whomsoever advised, must be held responsible
for his own acts, and, in addition thereto, to
some extent, for the acts of his ministers. If
he choose to break the law he must do it at his
own peril and take the consequences. The
advice of his Cabinet, if good, would only
shield the President if practically adopted, but
it would be monstrous to shield him from the
fact that bad advice had been given to him when
it is too plain that the tender of good advice,
if unpalatable, would be at the peril of the
instant removal of the party by whom given,
it is quite plain that the President intended to
oust Mr. Stanton at all hazards—by fair means
if lie could, but at any rate to oust him—and
he did not intend himself, whatever others
might do, to resort to any lawsuit in the pro-
cess. The testimony of General Sherman
shows that the President believed Mr. Stanton
would yield because, as he said, ho was "cow-
ardly:" so when General Thomas brought 'O
the White House the account of his doings on
the 21st of February, the President said, " Very
well; go and take charge of the office and
perform the duties.''
There was then no hint of disappointment
at the lack of a lawsuit. It was not until the
next day, when the masquerade was over and
Adjutant General 'Thomas found himself iu the
clutches of the law, that the President again
said, according to General Thomas, "Very
well; that is the place! want it, in the courts."
Though others might litigate the question, it
is not clear that he ever sought to initiate any
legal proceedings himself. But the assump-
tion on the part of tiie President that it was
his privilege, if not his duty, to violate the
law rather than to faithfully execute it, in order
to make up a case for the decision of the courts,
instead of showing good intent, exhibits an
obstinate purpose not to yield to a law passed
by a constitutional majority of Congress against
his objections. And the pretense that tiie
courts would decide against the constitution-
ality of the law is sheer assumption. Even if
there had been reasonable doubt as to its con-
stitutionality, it was the law of the laud until
decided otherwise by the Supreme Court, the
only tribunal having authority *o stay the force
of any law for a single moment. Certainly
the President, who swears to maintain the
Constitution, which makes it one of his chief
duties to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed, cannot, at his own will, elect what
