478
SUPPLEMENT TO
laws he will execute and what lie will ignore.
But there is hardly more reason to suppose
the Supreme Court would decide the tenure-
of-office act unconstitutional than any other law
among our statutes.
Nor can good intent be found in the mode
pursued by the President in striving to get rid
of thehated WarMinister. When he suspended
Mr. Stanton, in August, 18§7, in order to pre-
vail upon the Senate to consent to the suspen-
sion, he made General Grant Secretary of War
a,d interim—entirely an unexceptionable ap-
pointment. But after he quarrelled with Gen-
eral Grant because he did not, when the Senate
refused to consent to the suspension, aid and
abet him in placing the office in the lap of the
President before Mr. Stanton coulftl repossess
it, then he proposed to act independently of
the law and of the Senate, and took General
Thomas, so utterly unfit that his very designa-
tion impeaches the judgment if not the integ-
rity of the appointing power. Later nomina-
tions are open to criticism, either as bad, or,
when otherwise, they appear too evidently
extorted in the nature of a propitiation to the
Senate sitting on the trial of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson. The general history of
the conduct and manner of the President, iti
his various attempts to remove Mr. Stanton,
certainly fails to furnish evidence of anv good
intent; nor is it to he believed, if the field had
been opened for a wider search, that it would
have been attended by any happier result.
Having been among those who were origin-
ally for living down the administration of
President Johnson rather than to attempt to
bring it to an abrupt close by an impeachment,
although admitting his culpability, I have yet
had no other desire than to bo able to render a
just and impartial verdict. Summoning to
my aid all the light with which the ease has
been illuminated, and at the close of the trial
the culpability still appearing no less, I can-
not, under the solemnities of an oath, declare
the President innocent. The example of Pres-
ident Johnson, wore it possible so gross a
wrong could have passed unheeded, might
have been comparatively harmless; but when
solemnly adjudicated, with the eyes of the
world fixed upon it, establishing, as it will, a
precedent to be quoted and followed in all
future time, I cannot consent to ignore or
waive it as a light matter, and thereby ingraft
the idea into the republican Constitution of
the United States that the Executive is para-
mount^ and may dominate at will over the
legislative branch of the Government.
Mr, Stanbery, counsel for the President and
late Attorney General, has made a feeling ap-
peal to us in behalf of his client. He lias seen
him often tempted by bad advice, and knew
that evil counselors were around him more
than once, but never discovered anything in
him but loyalty to the Constitution and the
laws. "Yes. Senators," says Mr. Stanbery,
" with all his faults, the President has been
more sinned against than sinning. Fear not
to acquit him. The Constitution of the coun-
try is as safe in his hands from violence as it
was in the hands of Washington."
This appeal would be more apt not to go
unheeded if Mr. Stanbery himself could be
considered an impartial judge as to what course
the President ought to pursue, and had not
heretofore failed to discover anything in that,
man but loyalty, but it is painful to be obliged
to presume that Mr. Stanbery, as one of the
chief advisers of the President's most obnox-
ious measures, is entitled to some share of the
doubtful honor of our Cnief Magistrate's pres-
ent position.
Neither the facts surrounding this case nor
those making the history of President John-
sou's administration show evidences of good
intent, or justify future confidence. Ever since
Andrew Johnson reached the Presidency more
or less pressure has been felt that it was neces-
sary for Congress to remain in session—ad-
journing late to meet early and at extraordi-
nary and inconvenient seasons—lest grave evils
and perplexing complications should be pre-
cipitated upon the country by his headstrong,
if not treacherous, action in the absence of
the legislative branch of the Government.
Decide the charges here in his favor now ; say
that he has done no wrong; admit that the
House of Bepresentatives are all at fault, and
Congress or the Senate never more need to
remain here as the guardians of law and of a
representative form of government, or as a
bulwark against the encroachments of execu-
tive power. President Johnson and all future
Presidents may break laws or make appoint-
ments at will, and do anything which goes to
make up the character of an uncurbed despot.
I am glad to remember that at the com-
mencement of the late rebellion Andrew John-
son took a bold, outspoken stand in behalf of
the Union ; and that fact shall protect him, so
far as my vote is concerned, from any other
penalty for his recent great offenses than
a simple removal from office. . I would not
deprive him of the poor privilege of being a
candidate for the suffrages of any portion of the
people who may think him worthy, whether
for President or alderman. But his appoint-
ment to office of men supposed corruptly to
be putting more money into their own pockets
than into the Treasury; his discreditable use
of the pardoning power ; his unmasked threat
in his last annual message that it might become
proper for him to "adopt forcible measures or
such as might lead to force" in opposing an
unconstitutional act of Congress; his appoint-
ment, in violation of law, to places of honor
and trust, rebels not able to take the oath of
office, in preference to loyal ©en; his malign
attempts to foist upon the country his policy
of restoring the rebellious States without secur-
ity for the future and against the measures of
salutary reform proposed by Congress; and
his bitter and active efforts to defeat the adop-
tion of Unconstitutional amendment proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, known as arti-
cle fourteen, and known, also, as the great seal
of security for the broad principles of national
freedom and human rights: these facts, and
such as these, do not allow me to gratuitously
credit the President with good intent in the
past, nor can I, notwithstanding his counsel's
appeal, in the face of such a record, by a ver-
dict of acquittal, become responsible for his
conduct in the future.
OPINION
OF
HON. SAMUEL C. POMEROY.
As no man can see with the eyes of another,
so no one can control his judgment upon the
precise views and opinions of others. And
although other Senators may, and have, given
better and perhaps more logical reasons for
their votes upon questions involved in this
great trial of impeachment of the President,
still as my own judgment must be controlled
by my own views and opinions, I propose to
set them forth, as briefly as possible, in the
opinion and views 1 now submit.
The people of the United States, through
the House of Representatives in Congress
assembled, have, in constitutional form, pre-
sented at the bar of the Senate eleven articles
of impeachment against Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, for high crimes
and misdemeanors in office. The charges have
been answered by him ; and after over forty
days of patient trial, the time has come when
Senators are required or allowed to state their
conclusions upon the pleadings and proofs.
1 his briel statement will explain the rea'sons
of the judgment I am prepared to give by my
response to each article.
_ In considering the questions to be decided,
it is to be borne in mind that this proceeding
is not a suit between Andrew Johnson and
Edwin M. Stanton, or between the persons
appearing here as managers and Andrew
Johnson.
. "Mle. ^>.enate of the United States has no
jurisdiction of such controversies, nor should
they be influenced by considerations relating
to individual persons.
The proceeding is national. The people of
the United States impeaching through their
constitutional agents a public officer, high in
place and power, for his public acts, and
demanding judgment against him, not for a
private injury, but for public wrongs, viola-
tions of the Constitution, which they formed
and adopted for the general welfare, and trans-
gressing laws enacted by them through their
constitutional representatives in Congress as-
sembled. If these violations are set forth in
the articles of impeachment, and admitted in
the answer, or proven on the trial, then the
verdict of conviction must not be withheld. To
this point I now address myself.
The first, second, and third article  of im-
peachment relate to the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton from^ the office of Secretary of War and
the appointment of Lorenzo Thomas as Sec-
retary of War ad interim on the 21st day of
February, 1808, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, then in session, there being
no vacancy in the office of Secretary, and hav-
ing been none during the recess of the Senate.
These official acts of Mr. Johnson are averred
to be in violation of the tenure-of-office act,
and of the Constitution of the United States.
It is set up in defense or excuse—■
1. That Mr. Stanton was not removed on
the 21st day of February, and is still Secretary
of War.
2. That Mr. Stanton is not Secretary of War,
because his term expired at the death of Mr.
Lincoln.
8. That Lorenzo Thomas was not appointed
Secretary of War ad interim on the 21st day
of February.
4. That Lorenzo Thomas was lawfully ap-
pointed Secretary of War ad interim, Mr.
Johnson having the constitutional power to
appoint him, without the advice and consent
of the Senate.
5. That the act regulating the teimre-of-
office is unconstitutional.
6. That Mr. Johnson has the "power at any
and all times of removing from office all exec-
utive officers for cause to be judged of by the
President alone."
7. That the removal and appointment were
made only to test the validity of the tenure-of-
offiee act before the judicial tribunals.
It needs but a glance to see that the grounds
of defense are absolutely inconsistent with each
other, conflict with the Constitution and act
of Congress, and tend to overthrow the form
and spirit of republican government.
No question has been discussed so fully
since the foundation of the Government as
the constitutionality of the tenure-of-office act,
and four successive times the Senate's judg-
ment pronounced the act to be in conformity
with the Constitution, and that judgment of
the Senate was pronounced deliberately by
Senators upon their official oaths; no less sol-
emnly than the oath under which they have
conducted this trial. No new view or argu-
ment has been presented on this trial to shake
the validity of that act.
The effort, on the ground of former prece-
dents, to excuse the removal of Stanton and
the ad interim appointment of Thomas with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate in
session, and no vacancy existing ill the office,
fails, because 110 similarinstauce can be found,
but in every case, save one, there' was an
existing x-acancy ; and in that one the removal
was accomplished by ilie submission of an
appointment to the Senate, and a distinct
recognition of its constitutional authority. The
President on the 21st of February, by an
order of that date, declared that Mr. Stanton
was thereby removed from the office of Secre-
tary of War ; and by another order of the same,
date, "on that day, Mr. Stanton was removed
from the office of Secretary of War, and Lorenzo
ihomas appointed Secretary of War ad in-
terim." And also, on the same day, by an
official message to the Senate, announced the
removal and the appointment.
