3560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27?,
the gentleman is unable even to pronounce
the names of some of the harbors m the bill,
not having given attention to the geography
of the points proposed to be benefited by the
pending measure. If the gentleman had been
as much concerned in the wants of the eastern
coast of Lake Michigan as the people of that
coast are interested in his own State he never
would have put the questions I am now called
upon to answer. It is not the first time this
sort ot tactics is employed to prevent a just
judgment and defeat a meritorious measure.
Ihe gentleman has a wonderful faculty of
understanding what he wants to know and
feigning ignorance where he does not wiali to
know. This House will have no difficulty in
seeing through the transparent animus of this
paternity.
To the pending bill reported "by the commit-
tee the gentiemau has offered a substitute, and
liurls his invective at tire equitable distribu-
tion of appropriations covered by the bill and
presses instead appropriations that upon their
face exhibit local unfairness and partiality,
and brinsrs to their support violent appeals for
the exercise ot public economy and dismal
forebodings of a depleted Treasury. Suppo.se,
Mr. Speaker, that I reply in the vein of the
gentleman, for I do not fear a comparison, and
many times like is the very best cure for like.
When he puts Ihe inquiry, where is Fere Mar-
quette harbor, with £>ii0,000 appropriation, I
reply where is Hock Island in his substitute
with $100,000 appropriation? To his inquiry,
where is Manistee harbor with $2^,000? I
retort, where is Pes Moines canal in his substi-
tute with $400,000? And when he says where
is Aux Bees Suiea—the name he could not
utter with but $10,000, I answer where is
Chicago, with $18,000 provided for in his substi-
tute, making, as the House will see, $548,000
proposed in that substitute lor tlnee places
111 the interest of the State which he in part
represents, while the three places in the bill
which he has by an assumed ignorance at-
tempted to ridicule into insignificance aggre-
gates but $35,000—a difference against his
three points, and in favor of my three, of
$493,000, which I ask him to reconcile with
his gloomy fears for an empty Treasury. In
that labor, and the investigation of localities
of which he professes such ignorance, he will,
no doubt, do greater justice to his geography,
and, at the same time, I commend him to the
study of another invaluable book—a higher
source of wisdom—whose injunction he would
do well to ponder when he seeks so carefully
the interests of Illinois and so carelessly re-
gaids those of sister States: "First cast the
beam out of thine own eye, then shaltthou see
clearly to take the mote out of thy brother's
eye."
I would be very glad to take a more com-
prehensive view of this subject of river and
harbor improvements, and show how States
not immediately proximate to the points of
expenditure are largely concerned in those
improvements; how, in fact, citizens of the
vanous States are more or less interested in
the opening and improvement of these great
public channels ot commerce, and how their
prosperity is concerned by easy and safe facil-
ities of transportation; but the time allotted
me will not permit general observations. I
am necessarily confined to the improvements
proposed m my own vicinity, and a just defense
of these will prove no obstacle to a proper
estimate or other sections which other gentle-
men, in their turn, will more ably defend. In
answer to the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Humphrey,] that we should
exercise a proper economy in the legislation
of this country, let me show him how those
who are in favor of these appropriations have
paid attention to that suggestion by initialing
economy at this time and upon this very bill;
and to illustrate,^ let me refer to the items
relating to places in my district.
The first recommendation by the Engineer
Bureau for the harbor of Grand Haven, where
I reside, was for $75,000. That has beeu cut
down to $20,000, a saving of $55,000 in that
one item. In the case of Peiitwuter the es-
timate was for $100,000; that is reduced to
$25,000. At Pere Marquette $75,000 was
estimated, and $20,000 reported. !n the case
of Aux liecs Seies, which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] was so puzzled to
pronounce, the estimate was for $48,000, and
$10,000 recommended. For Manistee $00,000
was estimated, and $25,000 reported. In all, the
estimates for my district aggregated $433,000,
and the bill proposes only $185,000, or a reduc-
tion from the original estimates of $248,000.
Mr. SPALDING. Are all these points on
Lake Michigan?
Mr. FliliKY. They sjre. These points are
all on the eastern coast of Lake Michigan.
Everybody conversant with the commerce of
the lakes knows that winds prevail from the
westward on that lake ; and every one familiar
with the subject also knows that the east coast
of Lake Michigan is the most dangerous one
upon the whole chain of lakes. This brings
me to notice the fact that the opinion is so
largely shared by the people of Illinois that
Chicago, its commercial city, has, through its
Board of Trade, passed resolutionsrecomnietid-
ing appropriations for harbors of refuge along
this coast, and those resolutions have been pre-
sented to Congress. Citizens of that State and
city well know how the safety of their skipping
depends upon good harbors along this perilous
way. All the western grain-growing States are
interested in good and capacious harbors. To
move their millions of bushels of cereals with
safety, celerity, and cheaply every precaution
should be taken by a fostering Government to
guard against peril and loss. The value of
these products on the sea-board depends in
great measure upon these securities. The
greater the peril the higher the rates of trans-
portation and insurance, so that the consumers
upon our eastern boundaries, and all over the
States 1 might add, are taxed by this lack of
foresight to make adequate provision for easy
and safe transit.
Until the Thirty-Ninth Congress the Gov-
ernment had failed to make appropriations for
this coast of Michigan, much as it was needed.
By urgent appeals I succeeded in directing
proper attention to the great necessity forgood
harbors and light-houses there, and Congress
made surveys and appropriations. Thirty
thousand dollars was appropriated for a large
light-house at Big Point au Sable, and to-day
it stands a beacon for the guidance of com-
merce and a monument of the wisdom of the
Government.
Carrying out this wise policy Congress also
appropriated for the improvement of the two
harbors of Manistee and Pere Marquette, and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasuburxb]
will now take notice that I place the localities
of these harbors for his especial information
as well when I state that one is north and the
other south of Big Point au Sable. On the direct
course from Chicago to the straits it will be
readily appreciated how necessary it is that this
salient, dangerous point should be guarded by
a good light house and harbors on cither side,
so that sailing either way vessels failing to
weather that point may have a safe harbor of
refuge whether bound up or down the lakes.
The bill before the House does not propose
appropriations for any new harbor, but alone
for those where 'the Government has already
expended money, and for harbors that had
already been more or less improved by private
means and the enterprise of local citizens. In
this, sir, they stand far ahead of Chicago, and
it is due the energy and perseverance of citizens
who have contributed of their means so liber-
ally for the general good that their laudable
efforts should at last be recognized.
I call the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] to the fact that within
my knowwledge and recollection, and I am
not an old man, the harbor of Chicago was so
poor and shallow that vessels with only seven
feet draft could not enter it. By appropria-
tions from the General Government'it has now
become one of the best harbors on the lakes,
and thepeople of my district havercjoiced that
the Government made liberal provision for that
harbor. It is a pleasure for me to support to"
day additional appropriations for it, and Michi-
gan will never cease to lend its aid for the per-
fection of that place of commercial refuge.
All that I ask for the harbors in which my peo-
ple are more immediately concerned is, that
appropriations for the improvement be made
where private enterprise has made a ffeptb of
water of more than seven feet to begin with, that
have a greater depth of water than Chicago
originally had, and for appropriations to so
deepen these harbors on the east coast of lake
Michigan that they may become harbors of
safety and refuge to general as,well as local
commerce. I was surprised at the persistant
efforts of the gentiemau from Illinois [Mr.
WasiibubneJ to depreciate the importance of
these harbors when a.11 of them pour into the
lap of Chicago, the city of his State, millions
in value of their products. The harbor of
Muskegon is, I may say to him arid the coun-
try, the greatest lumber manufacturing place
of any one point in the world. Its shipments
will rise to two hundred million feet. Here,
let me add, its citizens, with a liberality unpar-
alleled, have taxed themselves for the worthy
purpose of making a good and safe harbor of
entrance and refuge. Building two piers with
slabs from their busy mills they have by their
own toil and money deepened the water of that
harbor from seven to twelve feet. Now, they
ask that the Govern uent would appreciate their
labor and share with them in such further
expenditure as will insure a permanent and
ample harbor for the vast shipping that seeks
ingress and egress at that industrial poijit. I
will not believe that their appeal will be ia
vain.
Manistee, also, is no insignificant point, as
the gentleman [Mr. Washbukne, of Illinois]
would have the country suppose. The same
energy and enterprise is apparent there. From
a shallow depth the citizens of that thriving
place have by their own means increased it to
eight feet, and now they, too, justly ask of the
Government to come to their rescue in their
attempt to make this an excellent harbor. I
reiterate it cannot be possible that this appeaJ
be made in vain. So, Mr. Speaker, 1 might
speak of the same laudable efforts made at
Pentwater, White River, and Grand Haven.
Conversant as I am with what has been done
by private means at all these points, and know-
ing full well what obstacles citizens there have
had to encounter, the storms that beat, the
disasters they suffer, the losses of property
they incur, and life jeopardized and lost, I
cannot forbear the expression that if the Gov-
ernment is, in the face of all this, to idly survey
their struggles and mock at their appeals by
turning them back to their own resources for
help, it falls far below its high duty, and justly
merits the criticism of an enterprising and
faithful people.
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last two words.
I rise for the purpose of opposing this substi-
tute._ Iam in favor of the original bill. I think
the interests of the country require that we
should take it up and act upon it. if it con-
tains any improvident or unnecessary appro-
priations, strike them out; if any piovidentand
necessary appropriations are omitted, insert,
them. And I will say to the gentleman that 1
am perfectly willing to appeal to the people to
sustain any legislation that I may think proper
and wise to snpportin their name. I have none
of that fear of the frown of my masters which
makes me shrink from what I regard as high
public duty. I have confidence in the Ameri-
can people, in their sound common sense, and
in their ability to see through the thickest as
well as the flimsiest disguises, and to discover
when public men shirk their duty through un-
worthy motives as well as when they unwisely
or improvidently attempt to perform it. They
are tar more likely to withhold approval from
