1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
40th Cons....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps'.
district commander was controlled by the belief
that the law made him responsible for its cor-
rect interpretation as well as its faithful execu-
tion.
The results of the first session of the regis-
tering boards were all received on September 15.
One hundred and fifteen thousand and sixty-
eight whites and 101,382 colored were registered;
1,620 whites and 232 colored, being rejected.
The tax list of 1866-67 (not quite complete)
returns about 136,000 white male adults and
87,000 colored male adults. This indicates that
the number of whites disfranchised, or who have
failed to register, is about 19,000, and that
about 15,000 more colored men have registered
than were on the tax lists. Hence it may
be inferred that nearly all male adults, white
or colored, not disfranchised, have regis-
tered.
The principle upon which the apportionment
was made was to give separate representations
to the smallest practicable subdivisions of the
State, and where fractions remained over to so
combine counties in election districts as to justly
represent those portions. This is believed to
be the fairest mode of apportionment practica-
ble under the law.
the second military district
comprises the States of North Carolina and
South Carolina, Brevet Major General E. R. S.
Canby commanding. Major General Daniel
E. Sickles, who was originally assigned to the
command of this district, was relieved, and
General Canby assigned by the following order
of the President:
[General Orders, No. 80.]
I-Ieadquartbrs of the Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washi^uton, August 27, 1867.
I. The following orders have been received from
the President:
Exf,cetive Mansion,
Washington, £>. 0., August 26, 1867.
Brevet Major General Edward It. S. Canby ishereby
assigned to the command of the second military dis-
trict, created by the act of Congress of March 2.1867,
  and of the military department of the South, embrac-
ing the States of North Carolina and South Carolina.
He will, as soon as practicable, relieve Major General
Daniel E. Sickles, and, on assuming the command to
which he is hereby assigned, will, when necessary to
a faithful execution of the laws, exercise any and all
powers conferred by acts of Congress upon district
commanders, and any and all authority pertaining to
officers in command of military departments. .
Major General Daniel E. Sickles is hereby relieved
from the command of the second military district.
-The Secretary of War ad interim will give the
necessary instructions to
II. In pursuance of the foregoing order of the
President of the United States, Brevet Major General
CMaby will, on the receipt of the order, turn over his
present command to the next officer in rank to him-
self, and proceed to Charleston, South Carolina, to
relieve Major General Sickles of the command of the
second military district.
III. Maior General Sickles, on being relieved, will
repair to New York city, and report by lettor to the
Adjutant General,
By command of General Grant:
Assistant Adjutant General.
"In order to secure a more efficient admin-
istration of justice it was deemed necessary to
place all sheriffs and other municipal officers
under th« immediate control of a military offi-
cer. Accordingly all such officers were directed
to report to the Provost Marshal General, and
to make monthly reports of1 crimes committed'
and ' prisoners confined.' The reports of pris-
oners confined have aided materially in detect-
ing illegal imprisonments or punishments, and
has enabled the district commander to secure
the release of many Union men andfreedmen,
against whom much gross injustice had been
committed.
"A bureau of civil affairs was established to
take charge of all matters pertaining to regis-
tration, and its duties were afterward extended
to include all questions of protection to person
or property arising under the laws of Congress.
One hundred and seventy registration precincts
were established in North Carolina, and one
kindred and nine in South Carolina.
''•In North Carolina there were registered
103,060 whites and 71,657 blacks; and in
South Carolina 45,751 whites and 70,585
blacks. Registration proceeded very slowly
on account of slowness of communication with
distant parts of the district.
"Ofthe appropriation made by Congress,
$54,802 87 have been expended, and out-
standing liabilities will exceed the balance on
hand, $194,802 87.
"The present condition of the district is so
satisfactory as to warrant the belief that after
elections the number of military posts in both
States can be diminished."
the thibd military district
comprises the States of Georgia, Florida, and
Alabama. Brevet Major General John Pope
commanding.
"On assuming command an order was issued''
by General Pope " continuing in office State
officials, but forbidding their opposing the re-
construction acts; prohibiting elections except
under those acts, and giving notice that all
vacancies in civil offices would be filled by the
district commander. Becoming satisfied sub-
sequently that State officials, while obeying the
order personally, yet officially, by their patron-
age, encouraged papers opposing the recon-
struction act, an order was issued forbidding
official patronage to such papers.
"In consequence of the riot at Mobile an
order was issued holding city and county offi-
cers responsible for the preservation of peace at
all public meetings, and requiring the United
States troops to assist them when called on.
No disturbances have since occurred.
'' Under the laws of the State no colored per-
son could be admitted to the jury box, and there
was no surety of justice to Union men, to peo-
ple from the North, (and especially ex-Union
soldiers,) or to colored persons, from juries
inflamed with hostility toward such classes.
" There is a very large number of cases of
wrong perpetrated by such juries in the district
on file.
"Accordingly an order was issued directing
all juries to be drawn indiscriminately from the
list of voters registered by the boards of regis-
tration.
" Very few civil officers have been removed,
and those in almost every case were removed
for refusing to comply with orders. Appoint-
ments to fill vacancies have only been made
where the daily business of the people de-
manded it.
" The State treasurers of Georgia, Alabama,
and Florida have been ordered to make no pay-
ments after the appropriations of the present
fiscal year have expired, save on warrants
approved by the district commander, as it is
believed that a new Legislature will not con-
tinue or approve many of the appropriations
made.
"In executing the registration it was deemed
advisable that no officer nor soldier of the
United States should be employed, and accord-
ingly each board of registration was appointed
from among the citizens living in the district,
and to consist of two white men and one col-
ored. A fixed sum was paid for registering
each name, the average for the district being
twenty-six cents per name.
"There were registered in Georgia 95,214
whites and 98,457 colored; in Alabama 74.450
whites and 90,350 colored; and in Florida
11,180 whites and 15,357 colored. The amount
expended in registration, &c., has been §162,-
325. , .
" The appointment of delegates was made in
Georgia for State senatorial districts, and in
Alabama for representative districts, fixed by
an order. Polls were ordered to be opened at
each county seat."
the fourth military district
comprises the States of Mississippi and Arkan-
sas, Brevet Major General E. 0. C. Ord com-
manding.
M The reconstruction measures of Congress
are unpopular with a majority of the white
people, but their execution has met with slight
opposition, the ignorant and lawless, 'from
whom alone trouble was to be apprehended
having been kept in order by the troops dis-
tributed through the States.
"The civil laws have not been interfered with
when equally administered, except to remove
from the civil courts cases of crime charged
against persons who, being opposed to the
rebellion, had reason to fear prejudice. Also
freedmcn's cases, where the courts were prac-
tically closed against them; and cases of horse-
stealing, and violations of acts of Congress,
for all of which military commissions have
been organized.
"The officers of the provisional State gov-
ernments have continued in office, except where
they have failed to perform their duties. It is
difficult to find competent men who can qualify
to fill vacancies in civil offices, some of which
are consequently vacant.
"In consequence of the indisposition (as
manifested of late) of the civil authorities in
Arkansas to take action in offenses of an aggra-
vated nature against freedmen, orders have
been issued for the trial of all such cases by
military commission, and for prompt action to
be taken for the punishment of civil officers
who fail to issue writs against offenders com-
mitting assaults, &e., against freedmen, and
prohibiting bail for the appearance of such
criminals."
The extension of suffrage to freedmen has
evidently aroused a sentiment of hostility to
the colored race and to northern men in many
parts of the district, which did not exist before;
and General Ord is convinced that a larger
force than is now stationed in those States to
preserve order and organize conventions will be
required hereafter to protect them and secure
the freedmen the use of the suffrage.
"In a majority of the counties of this dis-
trict there are very few men who can take the
test oath, and these are not disposed to defy
public opinion by accepting office, unless sup-
ported by a military force afterward.
" The will of the colored people may be in
favor of supporting loyal office-holders, but
their intelligence is not now sufficient to en-
able them to combine for the execution of
their will. All their combinations are now con-
ducted by white men, under the protection of
the military; if the protection is withdrawn
the white men now controlling would withdraw
with it; and some of the southern people, now
exasperated at what they deem the freedmen's
presumption, would not be very gentle toward
them, so that the presence of a larger military
force will be required for some time to main-
tain the freedmen in the right of suffrage."
the fifth military district
comprises the States of Louisiana and Texas,
Brevet Major General J. A. Mower command-
ing. -if n
No report has yet been received from Gen-
eral Mower, but it is expected in time for the
meeting of Congress.
Major General P. H. Sheridan, who^ was
originally assigned to the command of this
district, was relieved, and General Hancock
assigned, by the following orders of the Presi-
dent. On the decease of Brevet Major Gen-
eral Charles Griffin, designated as the officer
next in rank to whom General Sheridan should
turn over the command until General Han-
cock assumed it, General Mower succeeded to
the command:
[General Orders, No. 77.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjctaxt Gtexekal s Offiob,
Washington, August 19,18W.
I. The following orders have been received from
the President: Executive Mansion.
Washington, IX August 17  lb07,
M-Mor General GeorgeII. Thomas isliereby assigned
to thfcommand of the 'M?rch
by the act of Congress passed on the -a day ol March,
186?.
