1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn]
is now entitled to the floor to make a personal
explanation.
PAY OF BAILIFFS AND CRIERS.
Mr. CARY. By the courtesy of the gentle
man from New York [Mr. Pruyn] I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a bill extending the provisions of the act enti-
tled ' 'An act fixing the compensation for bailiffs
and criers of the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia."
No objection was made ; and the bill was
received, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. It relates to a paragraph in the W ash-
ington correspondence of the New York Trib-
une of the 9th instant, which I wish to have
The SPEAKER. The paragraph will be
read, and after that the Chair will rule whether
it is or is not a question of privilege.
The Clerk read the paragraph, as follows:
" Of the fifty-seven members who voted for the
resolution it must not be thought that all sincerely
desired the impeachment of the President. The
Indiana delegation, which voted almost solidly in
the affirmative, did so in the belief that some future
deed of the President would justify their course.
Others voted for impeachment, well knowing that
it could not be carried, on the principle that their
action would seem bold, and might be quoted with
effect in future canvasses. Had the passage of the
resolution depended on thevotffl of these gentlemen
they would have been found against it; but there
were probably forty men who were convinced that
the testimony justified the House in bringing the
President to a trial, though they did not undertake
to usurp the functions of the Senate in judging of
his innocence or guilt."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not able to
ascertain what question of privilege is involved
in that paragraph.
Mr. JULIAN. The question of privilege
which I suppose arises is the statement of the
correspondent as to the action of the Indiana
delegation and the motives of that action.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that that
is not a question of privilege according to the
construction placed on it by all the gentlemen
who have occupied this Chair. It is a case
where gentlemen usually ask unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation; but it
certainly is not a question of privilege.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation.
Mr. PRUYN. How long does the gentle-
man desire ?
Mr. JULIAN. But a few minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Julian] permit me to ask him a ques-
tion before he proceeds with his explanation?
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. I would ask the gentleman
whether the extract he has had read was not
written by one of the men professing to be
loyal, who is now security for Jeff. Davis, who
runs at large because he is on his bond?
Mr. JULIAN. I do not know as to that
fact. It appears in the Washington corre-
spondence of the New York Tribune. This is
certainly a remarkable display of the freedom
of the press, and I must claim the right to refer
to that portion of the extract which relates to
the Indiana delegation. The writer says we
voted for impeachment because we believed
" that some future deed of the President would
justify" our course. Sir, I do not speculate
about the future deeds of the President. I
know the past, and in the light of the past the
Indiana delegation judged of their duty, and
acted. That the President will pause in his
career of maladministration and crime I do
not for a moment believe. His capacity for
evil stands out in frightful disproportion to his
other gifts. He is a genius in depravity, and
not merely " an obstinate man who means hon-
estly to deal with" the problem of reconstruc-
tion. His hoarded malignity and passion have
neither been fathomed nor exhausted, and will
not be during his term of office. If I may
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 9.
judge of the effect of the President's late mes-
sage of defiance, acting on the inflammable
temper of southern rebels, and followed swiftly
by the strong vote of this House renouncing its
jurisdiction over his crimes, I can have no
hesitation in believing that a new dispensation
of rapine and misrule will be the result. This
will be morally and logically inevitable; and
while I respectfully commend it to the consid-
eration of gentlemen who voted against im-
peachment, I desire to say in behalf of myself
and the five of my colleagues who voted with
me that in the vote we gave we assumed no
jurisdiction whatever over acts of the Presi-
dent which have not yet transpired. We had
neither the right nor the disposition to do this,
but were governed by the following among other
good and sufficient reasons—
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WOOD. My question of orderis whether,
when a gentleman has obtained unanimous
consent to make a personal explanation, it is
in order for him to go on and make a speech
upon impeachment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is very
well aware that under the rule when a gentle-
man obtains unanimous consent to make a
personal explanation he is entitled to the floor
for one hour. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] rose, as he stated, to a question
of privilege. The Chair, after hearing the
ground upon which the gentleman based his
question, ruled that it was not one of privi-
lege. The gentleman then asked unanimous
consent to make a personal explanation, and
there was no objection.
Mr. WOOD. So long as the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] confines himself
simply to a personal explanation he is in
order. But when he transcends that privi-
lege of the House and goes into a discussion
of the merits of a question which the House
has passed upon then he is not in order.
Mr. JULIAN. I am not doing that.
The SPEAKER. When the House grants
unanimous consent to a gentleman to make
a personal explanation it is very difficult for
the Chair to limit him.
Mr. WOOD. Then we on this side of the
House will avail ourselves of the same privi-
lege and discuss anything we please.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine, and not for the Chair. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] will proceed.
Mr. JULIAN. We voted to impeach the
President because he usurped the power to call
conventions, set up governments, and decided
the qualifications of voters, in seven of the
States lately in rebellion.
Because he recognized these governments,
thus unconstitutionally established by himself,
as valid civil governments, and condemned
and denounced Congress for lawfully exer-
cising the powers and performing the acts
which he exercised and performed, in viola-
tion of law and of the Constitution.
Because he created the office of provisional
governor, as a civil office, which is unknown to
the Constitution, and appointed to such office
in the rebel States notorious traitors, well
knowing them to be such, and that they could
not enter upon the duties of the office without
the crime of perjury.
Because he deliberately trampled under his
feet a law of Congress enacted in 1862, pre-
scribing an oath of office, and which law he was
sworn to execute, and appointed to offices,
under the laws of the United States, men who
were well known to him as traitors, who could
not take the oath required.
Because he refused to execute the confisca-
tion laws, and the laws against treasoh, and by
the most monstrous abuse of the pardoning
power in innumerable instances has made him-
self the powerful ally and best friend of the
conquered traitors of the South, whose un-
matched crimes have thus utterly defied even
the ordinary administration of criminal justice.
Because the power of impeachment, as de-
fined in the Constitution, clearly comprehends
political offenses, like those of which the Pres-
ident has been proved guilty in the case recently
before the House, and would otherwise be an
empty and unmeaning mockery, leaving Con-
gress wholly powerless to protect the nation
against the most wanton acts of Executive mal-
administration and lawlessness.
And because, finally, in the language of the
majority of the Judiciary Committee, he has
" retarded the public prosperity, lessened the
public revenues, disordered the business and
finances of the country, encouraged insubor-
dination in the people of the States recently in
rebellion, fostered sentiments of hostility be-
tween different classed of citizens, revived and
kept alive the spirit of the rebellion, humil-
iated the nation, dishonored republican insti-
tutions, obstructed the restoration of said States
to the Union, and delayed and postponed the
peaceful and fraternal reorganization of the
Government of the United States."
Sir, these are some of the reasons which com-
pelled six of the Indiana delegation to vote
" solidly in the affirmative." We had no oc-
casion to carry our researches into the future
in order to find a justification for our votes.
And I desire to say, sir, as emphatically as I
can, that under our view 'of the evidence and
the law there was but one alternative left us.
We could not allow our sense of duty, under
the oaths we have taken, to be swayed by any
calculations as to the effect of impeachment
upon the finances of the country, or upon our
own party relations, or upon the success of
the Republican party next year. Neither could
we pause to consider whether the impeach-
ment would be sustained in the Senate, or
whether it would provoke the President to
renewed acts of violence and render him more
devil-bent than before. We had nothing
whatever to do with considerations of this char-
acter. Sir, impeachment is not a policy, but
a solemn duty under the Constitution, which
expressly provides for its performance. The
New York Tribune itself says that " impeach-
ment is the constitutional safeguard between
the people and a dictatorship. To regard the
Presidency as an intact, independent office,
responsible only to the moral influence called
'the people,' and to a political mob called 'a
convention,' is to make our ruler as absolute
as the emperor of China."
Sir, not to impeach in a case fairly requiring
it is itself an act revolutionary and rebellious
in its character. So the Indiana delegation
believed, and so they acted under their sworn
duty of fidelity to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. And having so believed and acted
they have no apologies to make, no man's
pardon to beg, and no favors to ask in any
quarter. In common with the fifty-seven
members who voted in the affirmative; and
the one hundred and eight who voted in the
negative, we shall be judged by the people.
None of us can " escape history," and for one
I am perfectly willing to accept its final ver-
dict. 1 only beg leave to say, in conclusion, that
if the-leading newspapers of the country had
allowed the people to see the report in full of
the majority of the Judiciary Committee, the
correspondent of the Tribune would probably
have felt less inclined to volunteer an apology
for the Indiana delegation, which is as dishon-
orable to himself as to them:
POST ROUTE IN MARYLAND.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a certain post route;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
INSPECTION OF OIL IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Re olve3, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House with
a oopy of the report of John Miller, speeial revenue
agent, made in regard to the inspection of oil in tht
twenty-second district of Pennsylvania, and the tes-
timony taken in relation thereto.
