1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FREEDMEN IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. ARNELL._ I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of War bo directed to
furnish this House with copy of recent report of
Major General Garlin, in reference to the condition
of freedmen in the State of Tennessee,
Objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
49, noes 49.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
JAIL IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
_ Mr. COVODE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House reaommitted to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
House bill No. 784, to amend the act entitled
" An act authorizing the construction of a jail
in and for theDistriet of Columbia," approved
July 25, 1866.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. HOLMAN asked
that the bill be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
on the motion to reconsider the recommitment
it is in order to require the reading of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not request it in any
captious view; but I want to know what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but
before finishing it,
Mr. RANDALL withdrew his call for the
further reading.
Mr. COVODE. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the motion
the Chair will state to the House that he is in-
formed by members of the select committee to
prepare articles of impeachment of the Presi-
dent that they will probably report to-morrow
morning as soon as the Journal is read. If,
therefore, this motion is pending at the ad-
journment to-day and the committee should
report immediately after the reading of the
Journal, this bill will be thrown over until the
debate is ended on the articles of impeachment
and the vote taken; after which this motion
will be the next business in order and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] will
have the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] to allow me
to introduce a little bill for reference; and also
to report another bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means which I have been waiting
for an opportunity to report more than a
week.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] asks unanimous consent to
report a bill from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and also to introduce a bill. Is there
objection ?
No objection was made.
pay of the army.
Mr. SCHENCK, under the consent given,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 830) to fix and
equalize the pay of officers, and to establish
the pay of enlisted men of the Army ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
exportation of distilled spirits.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back
a bill (H. R. No. 764) for the relief of certain
exporters of distilled spirits, with a substitute
therefor. I ask to have the substitute road,
and if there be no objection I will then ask
that the bill be put upon its passage at this
time. And I will also ask to be permitted to
explain the action in reference to it and other
matters about which we are frequently inter-
rogated in behalf of the committee who have
authorized mo to make such explanations.
The substitute was read. It provides that
the act of January 11, 1868, entitled "An act
to prevent frauds in the collection of tax on
distilled spirits," shall be so construed as to
permit alcohol and rum, which at the date-of
the passage of said act were already distilled or
redistilled and intended for export, or actually
contracted for to be delivered for exportation,
to be withdrawn, removed, and exported from
the United States under such transportation
and export bonds and regulations as were re-
quired therefor immediately prior to the passage
of said act; provided, that all such spirits shall
be actually exported within thirty days from
the passage of this act, and that before any
such exportation shall be permitted, proof in
writing shall be furnished by sworn evidence to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that
such liquor was in fact, at the date mentioned,
intended for export and distilled or redistilled
for that purpose or actually contracted for to
be so exported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
now asks consent to make an explanation
of this bill and of other matters. Is there
objection?
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. One word first as to this
bill. On the 11th of last month, it will be
remembered, a bill was passed which virtually
put an end to bonded warehouses for distilled
spirits, at least so far as what is cUled " class
B" of the bonded warehouses was concerned.
After that date it was not competent to take
any distilled spirits out of warehouse either for
change of package or redistillation or export
without the tax being first paid. This, it has
been discovered, has operated very hardly in
about a dozen cases upon persons who had the
liquor prepared, or in process of preparation,
under contracts made for exportation. There
is not a great deal of domestic distilled spirits
exported from the United States. That export-
ation is confined to two classes. From Bos-
ton principally there is an exportation of a
considerable amountof rum, though notof any
great value, the whole amounting perhaps to not
more than a million dollars a year, or less even
than that, to the coast of Africa; and there is
also alcohol exported from New York and
Baltimore, which finds its market mainly upon
the Mediterranean—at Constantinople princi-
pally, and at Smyrna. There are two or three
cases in each of the cities of New York and
Baltimore, where the alcohol, it appears, was
actually distilled and prepared for this trade,
and arrangements made for exportation, but it
could not be sent abroad in consequence of the
law of the 11th of January; and at Boston
there had been from nine to twelve vessels
chartered, the molasses purchased, and prep-
arations made for distillation, and the distilla-
tion in great part furnish ed to supply th e cargoes
for them to the coast of Africa. This bill, it
will be observed, under very strict regulations
requiring sworn proof of the facts, proposes to
give relief in those specific cases, provided
that the proof is made and the liquor actually
carried abroad within the next thirty days.
That is the whole object of this bill. We
have not wished to open in any manner the
door for frauds through these bonded ware-
houses, and therefore we have endeavored to
guard even this measure of relief with the
utmost exactness and strictness of language
and of provisions.
Now, sir, I ask permission to say something
further in regard to the action of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. We are interrogated
every day as to the progress we are making in
the preparation of a tax bill. In reply to these
interrogatories, I desire to say that the present
tax laws are prolix, confused, contradictory,
and full of repetitions; that we find on this
subject a mass of crude legislation which has
become law from time to time, and which,
taken altogether, is in such a condition that
we have thought it advisable to report a bill
embracing an entire revision of the whole sys-
tem with all the necessary provisions. Our
labor has been directed toward the prepara-
tion of such a bill.' We hope to report in the
course of a week or two—indeed we had Ex-
pected to report during thepresent week-—such
a general bill covering the whole ground.
In the course of the preparation of this bill
we have determined—and this is the matter
about which questions are most frequently
asked—to recommend the imposition of notax
whatever upon the manufactures of the country
with the exception of perhaps some five "or six,
embracing articles purely of luxury. I speak
now with regard to the direct imposition of tax
upon the manufactures themselves. It is true
we shall still provide in our bill for a special
tax in the natu*e of a license upon manufac-
turers as upon persons in other branches of
business, and perhaps in some instances for a
tax upon sales amounting to about one fifth of
one per cent. But the present five per cent,
tax upon all the manufacturers of the country
we are perfectly satisfied can be, and ought to
be, repealed. We are convinced that we can
find other sources of revenue sufficient to make
up for what may be lost in that direction.
I will not undertake to name these five or six
articles, purely of luxury, upon which we intend
to recommend the continuance of the tax. For
the purpose of illustration, I may say they are
such as jewels, gold watch eases, billiard tables,
&c. If I were to name all the articles which we
contemplate embracing in this class, I am afraid
the business of the committee would be too
much interrupted by the applications from the
various parties interested in this matter. But
in regard to one large interest of this country,
that of the carriage makers, I am ready to say
as so much interrogation has been made upon
this point, that carriages are not among the
articles which we regard as luxuries to be
taxed.
Mr. BLAINE. You put them on the free
list.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; we do not make what
is called a free list. Instead of framing a bill
to repeal the tax on certain manufactures or
to define what articles shall be on the free list
we propose in our general bill to provide that
certain specified things shall be taxed, saying
nothing about those things which are not to be
taxed, thus preserving the harmony of the
whole system. This is one reason why we
have not deemed it expedient to introduce, in
advance of this general legislation, a special
bill repealing certain parts of the existing
law; for if wo should bring in a partial bill of
that kind, it would, of course, be subject to
amendment, and the amendment might de-
stroy entirely the harmony of the general bill
which we design to introduce. Our mode of
taxing will be to specify what is to be taxed;
and our plan for not taxing will be to omit
any mention of that which is not to be taxed.
Mr. BLAINE. Introducing in the bill a
general repealing clause except as to articles
an
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Sciiexck] whether the bill before us (which I
did not hoar read throughout, but which I
understand is presented for action now) does
not propose to allow the manufacturers of
liquors to export them without the payment
of the tax of two dollars per gallon ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes, sir; all domestic
spirit exported are exempted from the tax.
Mr. PRICE. The manufacturers of these
liquors, then, are allowed to remove them
from the place of manufacture without the
payment of tax. Now, the next question is
whether, when we have thus opened the door,
we shall be able to close it when the manufac-
turers have removed just the amount to be
exported ?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have sought to guard
against the danger which the gentleman appre-
hends by providing that in each of these appli-
cations—there are about ten or twelve different
cases—there shall be sworn evidence presented
in writing, proving to the entire satisfaction of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that
