1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the liquor was actually prepared, distilled, or
redistilled for exportation; that the contract
has been made and bond given for its exporta-
tion, the bonds not to be canceled until the
liquor is actually exported. All this is to be
done within thirty days; and if there is any
running beyond thirty days there is an imme-
diate forfeiture of the bond, and the whole priv-
ilege proposed to be given by the bill in these
particular cases is lost.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to pass this bill this evening?
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to do so.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I trust the bill will not be
acted on this evening. I hope it will be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. It has been printed.
Mr. SCOPIELD. We have not time to give
the bill proper deliberation this evening. It so
happens that almost all these liquor bills come
here in great haste ; there always seems to be
some urgency for their immediate passage
before we can have time to examine them.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, when I yielded
the floor it was upon the distinct understand-
ing that this bill was to be disposed of this
evening. 1 wish it to be understood that, in
yielding the floor, I did not intend that my bill
should lose its position before the House for
anything except the report of the Committee
on Articles of Impeachment.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] states that he yielded
the floor with the understanding that the House
should adjourn upon his bill with regard to the
jail in this District. He held the floor on a
privileged motion, but yielded to allow the gen-
tlemaufrorn Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to report his
bill for action to-night.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that I believe
the private interests connected with this bill
can wait a few days, and the public interests
will probably be subserved by the delay.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I undertake
to say, on behalf of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that such is their indisposition to
open any door of fraud through these bonded
warehouses, as they have already evinced by
the legislation tlicy have recommended and
carried through this House, that if there had
not been a very strong case made out before
the committee no attention would have been
paid to this matter. This bill has been printed,
and is Printer's No. 257. It was introduced
in this House on the 18th of February and has
been before the House in print ever since. It
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and the bill as reported back is pre-
cisely the bill as printed, with the exception
of two little amendments to make it more
specific; in the first place, using the words
''distilled or redistilled" instead of the looser
word "prepared," and in the second place,
adding, for greater stringency, the provision
that all the facts shall be proved to the satis-
faction of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue by sworn evidence in writing before one
gallon of this liquor shall be exported. The
bill before us, therefore, is a more stringent
bill than the one upon the files of members.
Although we do not know much, comparatively
speaking, of the printed bills upon our tables,
yet there was as much known about the merits
of this bill—certainly as much opportunity for
knowing its merits—as about, any other bill in
a similar situation. Yet 1 do not wish to hurry
the action of the House or to do anything that
may not be considered entirely proper.
Gentlemen have asked me about this ware-
house system. I am not prepared to go into
the details of the bill which we propose to pre-
sent, however familiar I may be with what we
intend to report upon most subjects. I will
say, however, it is not improbable that in rela-
tion to manufactured articles of the character
of tobacco, spirits, &c., we shall endeavor to
have the taxes paid at the place where the
manufacture exists and where the articles are
stored by the manufacturer; confining the other
warehouses, as far as possible, to export ware-
houses, allowing the products to go out of the
country, but not setting them free upon the
market in the shape of free whisky, free to-
bacco, or anything of that kind, and thus open-
ing a door for fraud.
Mr. PAINE. I would be glad to liave the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
state to the House, if he can do so without any
impropriety, whether the committee contem-
plates the abolition of the income tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam not instructed by the
committee to state what they intend on that
subject, nor have we definitively  
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that it is not in order to dis-
cuss the merits of a bill not before the House,
but proposed to be brought before it at some
other time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sus-
tain the point of order under ordinary cir-
cumstances ; but the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, asked consent to make
an explanation in regard to business before
that committee. Consent was granted by the
House; and the Chair, therefore, cannot rule
that the gentleman's remarks are out of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How long does that run?
The SPEAKER. One hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then we can go to dinner
and come back.
Mr. COVODE. I think thegentleman from
Ohio ought, in good faith, to withdraw his
bill, so I may have the floor when the House
next meets. I yielded it to him on that spe-
cific condition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not force anything
upon the House, and I have not shown any
such disposition. I ask gentlemen to be quiet
only for one moment. I wish to say one word
in reply to the gentleman's objection. He says
this is no case of emergency. I have already
stated the committee would not have reported
the bill unless it was satisfied it was. There
are at least nine vessels chartered, and lying
since about the lltli of January waiting for
their cargoes under contract, which the law
prevents them from receiving. There are other
cases where prepaiations were actually made
for exportation, and the alcohol distilled in
whole or in part. But I do not wish to act in
bad faith toward the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. I do not. wish to detain the House, more
hungry for their dinners than for any informa-
tion I am able to give them. I therefore with-
draw the bill, hoping I will soon be able to
bring it before the House. In the mean time
I ask gentlemen to look at the printed bill.
message proji the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, itsSecretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 313)
requiring persons applying to Congress for
extension or renewal of patents to give public
public notice thereof, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. MITOGEN, (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada: Resolutions
and petition of citizens of Lander county,
Nevada, concerning the protection of natural-
ized American citizens while in foreign coun-
tries.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, requesting the Senators and Repre-
sentative in Congress from Kansas to use their
influence to procure an appropriation from the
General Government of a sum of money to
erect a monument, at or near Baxter Springs,
in memory of soldiers massacred there who
formed a part of the escort of General James
Blunt on an expedition from Fort Scott, Kan-
sas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas, in 1863.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, requesting the
Senators and Representative in Congress from
Kansas to advocate and urge the passage of a
bill to grant to the Leavenworth Coal Company
a lease of twenty acres in the southeast portion
of the Fort Leavenworth military reserve, and
requesting Congress to grant such lease.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, memorializing
Congress for a donation of a portion of the
Fort Riley reserve, to aid in the construction
of a bridge across the Kansas river at or near
the city of Ogden.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, memorializing
Congress for aid in the construction of the
Atchison, Hays City, and Santa Fe railroad._
Also, a concurrent resolution of the_ Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, memorializing
Congress to make provision for payment of
claims for service, or other claims arising out
of the "Price raid" in 1864.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The petition of the
underwriters of Cincinnati, praying for a law-
giving a lien on vessels for premiums due.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of
James W. Strode, praying for back pay, &c.
By Mr. HOLM AN: The petition of Wil-
liam Cox, of Harrison, Ohio, praying for a
pension on a.ccount of services rendered by
himself in the late war for the Union and on
account of the services of his three sons, who
lost their lives in the military service of the
United States.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of D. D.
Cassidy, J. E. Havvley, and others, citizens of
Amsterdam, New York, praying for reduced
taxation, for the reduction of the Navy and
Army, and for a readjustment of the revenue
laws so that the product of the mines of the
country will remain at home.
By Mr. MERCUIt: The petition of 19 citi-
zens of Danville, Pennsylvania, praying that
the Navy and Army be reduced, the appro-
priations be lessened, and the revenue laws be
so adjusted as to keep the balance of trade in
favor of this country.
By Mr. McCORMICK : A petition from citi-
zens of Missouri, asking for the establishing
of a post route from Ironton to Dauphin, in
the State of Missouri.
By Mr. MILLER: A memorial signed by
118 surviving soldiers of the war of 1812 with
Great Britain, from different parts of the Uni-
ted States, asking for a pension.
Also, a memorial signed by 140 widows of
soldiers of the war of 1812 with Great Britain,
from different parts of the United States, ask-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of the
Philadelphia Board of Trade, asking that in
view of the great importance of the mouth of
the Christiana river, in the State of Delaware,
as a safe harbor for vessels of all nations dur-
ing the prevalence of storms, its inadequacy
for that purpose on account of its shallowness
and narrow limits, and the inability of the
people of the State of Delaware to contribute
the amount of money necessary to effect its
enlargement, the United States Congress in-
stitute an inquiry as to the practicability and
expediency of enlarging said roadstead, and
make an appropriation to meet the expenses
of the survey and accomplish the object named,
should the report of the engineers in charge
demonstrate its practicability and propriety.
Also, a memorial of the American Philoso-
phical Society, asking Congress the earliest
possible action for the commencement and
execution of proper examinations upon the
coast and within the territory of Alaska.
By Mr- PETERS: The petition of Charles
McHugh, of Houlton, Maine, for pension.
Also, the petition of Charles W. Buck and
others, ex-Army officers, against the abolition
of commutation for servants' pay.
By Mr. PIKE: The protest of Nahum P.
Monroe and others, officers of Maine regi-
ments, against the passage of the bill intro-
duced by Senator Wilson relative to com-
mutation of servants' pay.
