1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
ies are not rules prescribed by tho sovereign to his |
subjects, but agreements between sovereign and sot- ,
eroign. The treaty-making power, therefore, seems
to form a distinct department, and to belong properly
neither to the legislature nor the executive, though
it may be said to partake ol the qualities common to
each."
I have read this extract for the purpose of
meeting the proposition maintained on this
floor by the gentleman to whom I have re-
ferred, that this House, as a part of the legis-
lative power of the nation, ought of necessity
to take some part in the formation of treaties,
and that they are not, in the cases referred to,
complete and perfect until ratified or consum-
mated by our action. I will trouble the House
with only one other extract from Judge Story,
which is'in direct confirmation of the position
taken by Mr. Jay in the number of the Feder-
alist to which I have referred. I read from
Story's Commentaries, section 1513: j|
"The constitutional check of requiring two thirds
to confirm a treaty is, of itself, a sufficient guarantee 1
against any wanton sacrifice of private rights, or any !
betrayal of public privileges. To suppose otherwise
would be to suppose that a representative republican
Government was n mere phantom; that the State
legislatures were incapable or unwilling to choose
Senators possessing due qualifications, and that the
people would voluntarily confide power to those who
were ready to promote their ruin and endanger or
destroy their liberties. Without supposing a case of
utter indifference or utter corruption in the people,
it would be impossible that the Senate should be so
constituted at any time as that the honor and inter-
ests of the country would not be safe in their hands.
When such an indifference or corruption shall have
arrived it will be in vain to prescribe any remedy, for
the Constitution will have crumbled into ruins, or I
have become a mere shadow, about which it would 1
bo absurd to disquiet ourselves." I
I will read only on e other extract. It is from
Chancellor Kent's Commentaries on the Con- i
stitution, volume 1, page 286:
"The question whether a treaty constitutionally
made was obligatory upon Congress equally as any j
other national engagement would be, if fairly made j
by the competent authority, or whether Congress had
any discretionary power to carry into effect a treaty !
requiring the appropriation of money, or other act
to be done on their part, or to refuseit their sanction,
was greatly discussed in Congress in the year 1790,
and again in 1816." I
Chancellor Kent here refer9 to the authority j
■which one of the gentlemen on the other side j
quoted, and which at first view would seem to 1
bear in favor of the position he assumed ; but
Chancellor Kent's views on this question will,
I think, satisfy gentlemen that the view then
taken by the House of Representatives was not
sound:
"The House of Representatives at tho former
period"—
that is in 1796—
"declared by resolution that when a treaty depended
for the execution of any of its stipulations on an act
of Congress it was the right and duty of the House to
deliberate on tho expediency or inexpediency of car-
rying such treaty into effect. It cannot be mentioned
at this day without equal regret and astonishment
that such a resolution passed the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 7th of April, 1796. But it was a
naked abstract claim of right never acted upon; and
Congress shortly afterward passed a law to carry into
effect the very treaty with Great Britain which gave
rise to that resolution.
" President W ashington, in his message to th e House
of Representatives of the 30th of March, 1796, expli-
citly denied the existence of any such power in Con-
fess; and he insisted that every treaty duly made by
the President and Senate, and promulgated, thence-
forward became the law of the Hind.
"If a treaty be the law of the land it is as much
obligatory upon Congress as upon any other branch
of the Government or upon the people at large, so
long as it continues in force and unrepealed. The
House of Representatives are not above the law
and they have no dispensing power. They have a
right to make and repeal laws, provided the Senate
and President concur; but without such concurrence
a lawm the shape of a treaty is as binding upon them
as if it were in the shape of an act of Congress, or of
an article of the Constitution, or of a contract made
by authority of law. The argument in favor of the
binding and conclusive efficacy of everytreaty made
by the President and Senate is so clear and palpable
that it has probably carried very general conviction
throughout the community; and this may now be
considered as the decided sense of public opinion.
This was the sense of the nouse of Representatives
in 1816, and the resolution of 1796 would not now be
repeated."
I might, Mr. Speaker, enlarge my remarks,
hut the circumstances will not justify me in
doing so. If the appropriation necessary to
carry out the treaty with Russia is to be op-
posed in this House, the subject I have no doubt
will be fully discussed, and I may then ask the
attention of the House to some additional
views in regard to it. I have at this time pre-
sented those now advanced in consequence of
my inability to obtain the floor on Saturday
last, and am obliged to the House for its kind-
ness in giving me this opportunity to do so.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.eu] has informed me that he wishes to
reply to what I have said, I am willing now to
give him the floor, if the House do not object,
with the understanding that I may resume it
when his remarks are closed, should I wish to
do so.
The SPEAKER. A gentleman holding the
floor by consent for personal explanation can-
not transfer it to another member.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would like to make reply.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
! southern railroads.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads have directed
me respectfully to report that they have con-
cluded the taking of testimony on all the points
embraced in the instructions of the House,
except as to the expediency of declaring for-
feited lands granted in aid of railroads in Flor-
ida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Ar-
i kansas, in which case the .testimony is now
1 being procured through the War Department
from the military commanders in thoseportions
of the South. The testimony already taken
I now report, and move that it be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
j first presbyterian church.
I Mr. KOONTZ, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 161, to incorporate the congregation
of the First Presbyterian church of Washing-
ton, with an amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That Congress reserves
the right to alter, amend, or abolish this charter at
pleasure.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and it was accordingly
engrossed and read the third time.
Sir. KOONTZ demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. KOONTZ moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
persona! explanation.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask the consent
of the House to pat' some few authorities be-
fore the House in answer to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Pruyn.] His course
puts me to the necessity of asking to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. WASHB.URNE, of Illinois. If my col-
league from the Charleston district is heard I
will not object.
Mr. WOOD. Some gentlemen here desire
to make personal explanations, and I shall
object unless the same privilege is granted to
every member of the House.
Mr. BROMWELL. If the House allows
me to make an explanation I will say it will
be entirely personal in its character. I will
not abuse the privilege.
Mr. WOOD. Does it refer to the question
just discussed?
Mr. BROMWELL. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be granted.
Mr. ALLISON. How much tii&e does the
gentleman want?
Not more than five
Mr. BROMWELL.
minutes.
The SPEAKER. There being no objec
tion, the gentleman will procced.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I have
had on many occasions 
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I objected in
time to the gentleman's making an explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
California insists that he made the objection
in time, the gentleman from Illinois cannot
proceed.
Mr. BROMWELL. I hope the gentleman
will not insist.
Mr. HIGBY. Do I understand that it is
in relation to some misstatements personal to
himself?
Mr. BROMWELL. Entirely personal—
about my voting on the impeachment question.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will proceed.
Mr. BROMWELL. I atri not here, Mr.
Speaker, to make an explanatioh as to what
newspapers say about me or my conduct here
or elsewhere. Although on several occasions
I might have done so with as great propriety as
many others, for there have been in eveir my
own district papers which have spoken of me in
the most unjust and scurrilous terms, yet I
never have mentioned and never would men-
tion their names here; because there are gen-
erally many more people in this House than
will ever see those papers if I let them alone,
[laughter,] and they speak of me precisely as
they would describe a good man. I have no
desire to expand their circulation or advertise
them in any manner. And more than that, I
have nothing to say in the way of complaint of
the New York Tribune. In my district no man
can be elected to Congress if he cannot stand
the New York Tribune and say nothing about
it. [Laughter. ]
But what 1 wish to say is this: that after filli-
bustering here two days as one of the fifty-seven
members who struggled for a fair hearing and
a direct vote on impeachment, myself ana two
other gentlemen who acted together on that
question have been published throughout the
West as having been absent or dodged on that
occasion. In making up the reports of the As-
sociated Press, the line which contained the
names "Butler, Broomall, and Bromwell"
seems to have been left ont. The defective
report went to the papers in St. Louis, Chi-
cago, and Cincinnati, which altogether circu-
late through every portion of my district.
Relying upon the truth of that report the Chi-
cago Republican publishes an editorial in
which it mentions the name of the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler,] the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Broomall,] and myself, as having been
absent or dodged the vote. I do not wish to
be put in any such category as that of mem-
bers who dodged the vote or who voted on the
wrong side. [Laughter. ] It is true, the Chi-
cago Tribune, which claims proprietorship of
public opinion in the Republican party in my
State, congratulates the country on the happy
result of the impeachment question. I thank
God I have no occasion to apply this congrat-
ulation to myself. I want none of it. 1 had
the honor to sit here and vote before God and
man, on my oath as a member of this House,
and with my knowledge of the law of the
land as a lawyer, such as I may be, that An-
drew Johnson is guilty of high crimes and
misdemeanors, and should be impeached there-
for. And, sir, had that resolution been drawn
by me it would have contained, first, a section
declaring him guilty, and secondly, that he de-
served to be impeached. And on the first
proposition there would have been, as I have
good reason to believe, one hundred vote3 or
more in the affirmative.
But I do not wish to go beyond the permis- •
sion of the House, as I speak by the courtesy
of every member. I have only this to say fur-
ther : that it has been my object in approach-
