1867,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ii
40th Cons....2d
JReport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Si^TA-fas & Ho. OF Keps.
in breakingup their haunts and punishing their'
depredations.
Services of Indian scouts employed under
act of Congress have been of the greatest value
in this military division. Officers are unani-
mously in favor of increasing the number. As
guides and scouts they have been almost indis-
pensable. At least a thousand could be em-
ployed on the Pacific coast.
Commanders have been embarrassed by the
number of Indians in their hands taken as
prisoners of war. They require troops to guard
them, and have to be fed by the commissary.
They cannot be set to work unless reservations
of land and farming implements are provided.
General Halleck recommends the transfer of
the Indian Bureau to the War Department,
and the removal of the Indians to large reser-
ations placed, entirely under military author-
ity, and Irom which all white settlers should be
excluded. He condemns the present Indian
system, but does not cast reflections oil the
officers of the Indian Bureau in his military
division. They have endeavored to do as much
good as possible with their limited means.
The Department of the East,
Major General G. G. Meade commanding. This
department embraces the New England States,
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and
Delaware. The troops have been employed
in garrisoning the forts 011 our northern fron-
tier and North Atlantic coast, and the opera-
tions have been confined to improving the posts
and collecting and forwarding recruits to the
Army.
Acting in the double capacity of Secretary
of War and General of the Army this report
is made to embrace both.
U. S. GRANT,
Secretary of War ad interim and General
United Mates Army.
Report of the Secretary of the Nary.
Navy Department, December 2, 1867.
SlK: During the year our naval force has
been almos't exclusively employed on foreign
stations. But little remained for it to perform
in our own waters, and the general peace which
has prevailed throughout the civilized world
has called for no interposition or active opera-
tions on our part for the protection of our
commerce abroad. The display of a naval
force lias been sufficient to suppress threat-
ened difficulties, and in every quarter Ameri-
can interests have been respected and Ameri-
can rights observed by commercial nations, and
intercourse and trade have been fostered.
EXHIBIT OF THE NAVAL FORCE.
During the year the aggregate naval force
has been reduced to forty vessels and four
hundred and eighty-two guns. The number
of vessels in commission has been reduced
twelve, aud the number on squadron service
is thirteen less than at the date of my last
report. The following is a summary of the
present condition of the vessels of the Navy :
No. Guns.
Vessels in squadron service  56 507
Apprentice ships    3 52
Receiving ships  8 129
Special and lake servieo  3 5-1
Attached to Naval Academy 10 115
On service at yards and stations, includ-
ing yard and powder tugs, and vessels
used as barracks and as coal barges  23 41
Total number of vessels In use 103 898
Ivon-clad vessels laid up 49 109
Iron-clad vessels not completed  6 22
Steam vessels not completed 21 332
Sailing vessels not completed,(old line-of-
battle ships)  2
Other vessels laid up, repairing, flttinfe-for
sea, and tor sale    57 503
Total number of vessels aDd guns 238 1,809
Eleven thousand ninohundred men have been
employed in tho naval and coast survey service
during tho year.
EUROPEAN SQOADKON.
Admiral Farragut was last spring designated
to command the European squadron. He
hoisted his flag on the Franklin at New York
on the 17th of June, and departed from Sandy
Hook on the 28th of that month. On the 14th
of July lie relieved Bear Admiral Goldsborough
at Cherbourg.
The reception of our distinguished naval
commander by the people at the different ports
he has visited, and by the sovereigns and au-
thorities of Europe, has been of a character
gratifying to himself and to the Government
and people of'the United States. At Cherbourg;
the Franklin was visited by the empress ot
France, while Admiral Farragut was invited
to Paris by the emperor, who tendered to him
personal attention and courtesy.
On the 30th of July he sailed for Cronstadt,;
the Ticonderoga, Canandaigua, and Frolic
composing, with his flag-ship, the squadron
which went up the Baltic. This was the largest
American naval force which had ever visited
the countries of northern Europe. Highly com-
plimentary and friendly honors, naval and civil,
were everywhere extended. International, offi-
cial, and honorary salutes were given and
returned. At Cronstadt the squadron was vis-
ited by his highness the Grand Duke Constan-
tine, the official head of the Russian navy, by
Rear Admiral Lessoffsky, and other dignitaries,
and by the municipal authorities of St. Peters-
burg. During their brief stay at Cronstadt our
officers experienced the unbounded hospitality
and unwearied courtesy and attention of the
Russian Governmentand people, whose friend-
ship and attachment to the United States have
been so often and unmistakably manifested.
Many availed themselves of invitations to visit
Moscow, the ancient capital, and other parts
of the empire. Upon leaving Cronstadt, on
the 30th of August, the squadron proceeded by
invitation from the grand duke to visit and
inspect the iron-clad fleet of Russia at Trong-
sund roads, where a grand naval review took
place. On the lstof September they proceeded
to sea amid cheering from all the ships of the
two squadrons, "concluding," in the words of
Admiral Farragut, "a visit which from first to
last has been marked by the interchange of the
warmest friendliness, and which we shall always
cherish as one of the most pleasant remem-
brances of our lives."
The squadron anchored on the 3d of Sep-
tember off Waxholm, below Stockholm. A
vessel was placed at tho disposal of Admiral
Farragut during his stay, by order of the Gov-
ernment, and on reaching the Swedish capital
he was presented to the king, who expressed
the gratification which it gave him to welcome
the vessels of war of the United States once
more in the waters of Sweden.
The squadron left Stockholm on the 9th of
September, and on the 14th anchored off Co-
penhagen. During the run to this point, and
in a heavy gale, the full steaming power of
the Franklin was tested. Her performance
gave general satisfaction, and Admiral Farra-
gut says that lie " can with confidence say she
steams better under full power than any frig-
ate in our service." The ministers of war and
marine tendered him all the civilities in their
power during his stay in Copenhagen. On the
19th, by invitation, he dined with the king of
Denmark, his brother, and his two sons, the
crown prince, and his majesty George the king
of Greece.
Admiral Farragut left Copenhagen on the
19th of September, and arrived off Gravesend,
England, on the 26th. The lords commission-
ers of the admiralty here telegraphed him that
they would be happy to render any attention
to him and his squadron that might be agree-
able. He accompanied them on their annual
tour of inspection of the dock-yards of Wool-
wich, Chatham, Sheerness, and Portsmouth.
Great courtesy was Invariably extended to him
and his officers on these visits. The Prince d®
Joinvilfe visited the Franklin, and the Admi-
ral and his officers accepted the cordial invita-
tion of the prince to visit him at his residence
at Mount Lebanon. The flag-ship havinggone to
Sheerness, the Admiral joined her atthat jilace,
on the 12tu October. On the 14th lie attended;
the gun target practice at Shoqburyness.
On the loth, Admiral Farragut sailed for
Portsmouth, which point he reached the nex-t
day. On the 17th he entertained the Iqrds.oF
the admiralty, receiving them with fait hon-
ors, and on the day following made a most
interesting visit to the dock-yard, the gunnery,
ship, and some of the iron-clads. On the 19th
he received his highness the duke of Cam-
bridge, with yards maimed, the royal standard
at the main, and a salute of twenty-one guns.
During his entire stay at Portsmouth a small
steamer was placed at his disposal, and'the
Admiral was received with every kindness.and
hospitality, not only by officers of the army
and navy, but also by the civil authorities.
On the 20th he left Portsmouth, and on the
next day anchored in Plymouth harbor. At
this place there was a repetitiou of the civilities
received at other points, extending over three
days. The Admiral sailed on the 24th and
anchored off Lisbon on the 28th.
The dispatches of Admiral Farragut relating
to his public movements received at the De-
partment prior to November 1 are given in the
appendix to this report.
Rear Admiral Goldsborough continued in
command of the squadron until relieved by
Admiral Farragut. In the month of Decem-
ber, 1860, the Colorado left Lisbon for the
Mediterranean, and after passing a few days at
Port Mahon proceeded in January to Ville-
franche, where she remained until March, when
she left for southern Italy. In May she went
from Naples to Trieste, and returned by way
of Carthagena to Gibraltar in June.
In the month of November, 1866, on a joint
application from Mr. King, our minister at
Rome, and Mr. Fox, then one of the Assist-
ant Secretaries of the Navy, who was in Rome,
urging the immediate presence of one of our
ships-of-war at Civita Vecchia on a very im-
portant matter, the Swatara was ordered to
proceed to that place. The object in view was
the transportation of John H. Surratt, charged
with having been implicated in the assassina-
tion of the late President Lincoln, to the Uni-
ted States. But the prisoner escaped from his
captors and fled from the Papal dominions,
lie was, however, retaken in Alexandria,
whither the Swatara followed him, and where
Commander Jeffers received him on the 21st
of December, from our consul general in
Egypt. Leaving Alexandria, the Swatara,
after a tedious voyage, touching at Nice and
Punchal, reached Washington in February,
where Commander Jeffers delivered the pris-
oner to the marshal of the District of Colum-
bia, and the Swatara immediately thereafter
returned to Lisbon, and rejoined the European
squadron.
Earnest appeals in behalf of the suffering
Christians in Crete have from time to time
been made to our naval officers urging them to
so far depart from the principle of non-inter-
ference and that neutrality which the Govern-
ment of the United States has studiously en-
joined and observed, as to repair to that island
and convey to the shores of Greece the women,
and children, who were represented as house-
less and destitute, the results of the insurrec-
tion against the Turkish authorities. Rear
Admiral Goldsborough, to whom application
was first made for a naval vessel to transport
the inhabitants from Crete, very properly de-
clined to violate neutral obligations, nor could
the Department, authorize him to employ a
steamer to convey inhabitants from xur.ash
territory during civil war without the consent
of the Turkish Government. He was informed
that if our minister at Constantinople coulu
obtain permission of the Government to eon-
