isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2539
have the honor to inform you that the suhject of his
claim has, upon the depositions of W. C. Foster and
Abram Buskirk, now produced, been reexamined.
These depositions only set forth the facts conuectcd
■with the services, &c., of Mr. Walker, as have been
related to the deponents by himself, and cannot, in
my opinion, be considered sufficient to remove the
objections heretofore made to an allowance of his
claim. With respect to that part of my letter to you
of the 29th January last, which you underscore, and
call my attention to the words, I have to state that a
paymaster would as readily receive aeredit fora pay-
ment to a duly authorized attorney, as he would ior
a payment to a soldier himself; hence the remark,
" if not paid to himself, as ho alleges, it has been
paid to some one on his authority." The books of
balances due to dead and discharged soldiers, here-
tofore refeired io, were prepared for the express pur-
pose, and embrace balances due to soldiers from the
year 1790 to the year 1814, inclusive; and upon the
settlement of every paymaster's account, a credit
alone of so much only as was paid on the rolls was
allowed, and the balances remaining unpaid were
immediately entered to the credit of the soldiers in
those books, awaiting application therefor, when
payment would be made.
The absence of the name of Gideon Walker from
those books, to my mind admits ot the strongest in-
ference that he has been paid for his services, and
that some paymaster, whose accounts have been de-
stroyed in the burning of the public buildings, has
received acreditforthepayment.otherwisehe would
bo returned for whatever might have been due him.
Under these circumstances, therefore, I should not,
without legislative interference, feel authorized to
allow his claim. The papers are herewith returned.
With great respect, &e.,
PETER IIAGKER, Auditor.
Hon. John W. Davis, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of
any colleague on the committee, I desire to say
a word. I knew Dr. Walker by reputation for
many years of his life. His integrity was un-
questioned. He was a gentleman of very high
character, as has been stated by my colleague
from that district, [Mr. Hunter.] In acting
upon this case the committee, I believe, has
been influenced not only by the principles laid
down in the letter which has just been read,
but also by the fact that of late years it has not
been customary for Congress to grant relief in
such cases, because their antiquity renders it
almost an utter impossibility to get a knowl-
edge of the true state of the case, and because
of the danger of establishing precedents for
such allowances after such an extraordinary
lapse of time, especially where a claim is not
presented to Congress for consideration until
many years after the claim against the Govern-
ment has accrued. In this case the claim ac-
crued in 1795 and was not presented till 1814.
The committee, in rejecting this claim, acted,
I believe, upon the principle that it must be
fairly presumed after such a lapse of time that
the claim has been adjusted, not from any
doubt of the integrity of Dr. Walker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I do not care to occupy any more of
the time of the House. I think the case is
fully understood.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
will do so.
Mr. PAINE. I have no knowledge of this
case; but upon examining the authority just
read at the Clerk's desk I think I can see a
possibility, if not a probability, that this gen-
tleman may not after all have been paid; for,
as I understand that letter written by the Third
Auditor, this book was made up in this way:
when paymasters' accounts were presented
unpaid balances were carried into this book to
the credit of the soldiers who were not fully
paid. Now, if a soldier happened to be de-
tached from his company or regiment, he
would not, under the system of payment then
in vogue, be entered upon the roll of any pay-
master who may have paid the regiment or
company to which he belonged. It was very
natural that his name should not be found on
this book, because, according to the showing
of the Third Auditor, there is no reason why it
should be. He not being on the roll of the
paymaster who paid the company, there would
be no balance in his favor to be transferred to
that book. If he was at that time detached
from his company, I do not see how his name
could appear on that book, if the book was
prepared as the letter of the Third Auditor
would indicate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. But
he says he received six months' pay and rations.
That should appear.
Mr. PAINE. As I understand, that was
paid him during the time he was ordered upon
detached service, so that, of course, there would
be no entry of that on any paymaster's roll.
If the paymaster was called upon to pay a
company with which he was not serving, his
name would not appear on the pay-roll.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. But
the names of the company appear on the
papers, and the names of those who were not
paid were transferred to this book; and the
name of every other individual who has claimed
pay, except Mr. Gideon Walker, appears on
this book. Now, the difficulty is this: the
rolls which contained his name and the other
papers which would furnish evidence of pay-
ment were all burned; and though he may
have been paid it cannot be shown from the
fact that the records were destroyed prior to
any application being made. The application
might have been made prior to that time and
the money paid. Mr. Walker, however, says
that he did not make any application, and he
now applies for his pay. The presumption is,
that as his name does not appear on the record
which gives an account of the different men in
said company who had not been paid, his name
was upon the roll, and if it had been he would
have been paid previous to the destruction of
these papers. Under all these circumstances
and with all these doubts the committee were
clearly of opinion, a delay having taken place
for so many years, and as the presumption
was strongly against it, that we should not
report a bill favorable to a claim of this kind
seventy-eight years afterward.
Mr. HUNTER rose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have given to almost the whole of the Indiana
delegation an opportunity to put themselves
upon the record in favor of this good old gen-
tleman, and now, as we have just commenced
our reports, I must call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to explain how it is
possible his name may not have been put upon
the muster-roll.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I yield
for a moment.
Mr. HUNTER. When a man is placed upon
detached service it is of frequent occurrence
that he is not mustered when the others are
mustered for pay, and in that way his name
may have been dropped from the roll. He
explains and shows that he was never with his
company, and that he was placed upon detached
service three days after he was mustered into
the service of the United States. His name
was upon the pay-roll, but he never did receive
a cent. And the point now is this : whether
this House will not take the sworn statement
of an honest man and allow him what is due to
him instead of defeating the claim by an infer-
ence that he was paid, and that if he was not
paid it was paid to somebody else.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. When
an individual's name gets upon the roll it does
not get off, and the only difficulty is that the
roll has been burnt up and we are not able to
produce the roll. That being the fact, I do not
think it should be binding upon the Govern-
ment.
The report was laid upon the table.
STEAMBOAT CIIAMHON SO. 3.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report on the
memorial of the officers and crew of the steam-
boat Champion No. 3, for compensation while
prisoners of war; which was laid on the table.
pa lemon john.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 133, for the relief
of Palemon John, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill directs the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to allow Palemon John a credit for
some seven hundred and sixty-nine dollars and
thirty-seven cents for that amount of revenue
stamps lost or stolen from the mail while the
same were in transition to said commission
from Palemon John, late a stamp agent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any report?
Mr. MERCUR. There is, and I ask that it
be read.
The report of the committee was read in ex-
tenso, from which it appears thatPalemon John
in 1860 was an assessor of internal revenue for
the thirteenth district of Pennsylvania and acted
as agent for the sale of revenue stamps. Soon
after the termination of his office as assessor
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue notified
him that his agency for the sale of stamps
necessarily ceased under law, and requested him
to return to the office ajiy balance of stamps.
At that time Mr. John had $769 33 worth of
stamps of different denominations, which on
the 7th of December, 1866, he depositedin the
post office in a package addressed to Hon. E.
A. Rollins. It was fully proved that the pack-
age was lost or stolen, and that Mr. John had
acted honestly.
Mr. MERCUR. If gentlemen have no fur-
ther questions to ask I will call for the previous
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is there any
regulation of the internal revenue department
authorizing these stamps to be sent by mail?
Mr. MERCUR. Most of the stamps were
sent by mail, but there was no fixed rale.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I undertaketo
say no prudent man would send by mail a pack-
age of that description. Now, if the Govern-
ment chose to send out stamps in that, mode,
and incur the risk of loss, that was the risk of
the Government; but that did not authorize
this man to adopt the same mode, and in the
absence of any instruction he had no right to
do so. The claim, in my judgment, ought not
to be paid.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Speaker, the stamps
were at all times the property of the Govern-
ment. The agents of the Government, when
they sent them to him, sent thein by mail.
When tliey ordered him to return them I think
he had a right to assume that they wished them
sent in the same manner in which he had re-
ceived them, in the absence of any intimation
that they desired them sent in any other way.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] how valuable
matter is to be transmitted in this country if
no prudent man will intrust a package of three
or four hundred dollars in value to the United
States mail, even though lie may take the pre-
caution to register? What condition of things
is that?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My answer to
the gentleman is this : we have abundance of
express companies in this country, and every
prudent man sends valuable packages by ex-
press rather than by mail. Now, we know that
the Government lias paid large sums of money
for sending packages by express between
Washington and New York. They do not send
by mail because they know it is unsafe. A
registered letter is simply a notice to every
dishonest man in the Post Office Department
that there is something valuable in it which
can be stolen. No prudent man sends a regis-
i tered letter, containing money or stamps unless
he expects to incur the risk of loss.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire further to say that
if the condition of the mail service is such as
is described by the gentleman from Ohio, it is
due that this Congress should give notice to
the public that the Department is in the hands
of thieves so palpably that the man brands him-
self as a fool or wanting in common prudence
who trusts a valuable letter to the charge of
the Post Office Department of the United
States. I am not speaking of the merits of this
case ; but it seems to me, in this connection,
that if the agent returned the property by the
conveyance through which he had received it
