254Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V
from the revenue department he ought not
to be lield responsible. And I aver again that,
On the statement of the gentleman from Ohio,
Congress should give notice that instead of
the Post Office Department or the mail service
of the country being reliable it is in the hands
.'of thieves, to whom a three cent stamp may
not saf(j!y be intrusted.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to state one fact to the House in'order
that there may be no misunderstanding in ref-
erence to this case. I understand the regula-
tions of the internal revenue department now
require stamps to be returned by express. We
have had various applications before the com-
mittee to relieve individuals who have returned
their proceeds by mail since the regulation re-
quired them to be returned by express, and we
have refused to grant that relief oil the ground
that they have not followed the regulations of
the internal revenue department. But in this
case, at the time this transaction took place,
there was no settled regulation by the depart-
mentrequiring them to be returned by express.
Accordingly tins individual received his stamps
by mail; and being ordered to return them he
sent them in the same channel by which he
received them. The committee thought it was
fair and equitable to this person, under those
circumstances, that relief should be granted;
and it was upon that basis that this bill has
been reported.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman this question: whether the iuternal rev-
enue department has made any regulation in
connection with the return of stamps requiring
them tp be returned uncanceled or undefaced,
so that even if they were unstolen they would
be valueless in the hands of anybody. To the
Government we know these stamps are of the
value of so much paper, printer's ink, and
labor. By putting some mark of cancellation
on them and then returning them to the Gov-
ernment it would discharge the agent of his
liability to loss. Is there any such regulation
by the department?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Ido
not understand that the department has any
such regulation.
Mr. BLAINE. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if it is now a regulation of
the internal revenue department that no val-
uable matter may be transmitted by mail.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No,
sir; I do not understand that; but I understand
that money for the receipt of stamps they
require to be sent by express, or stamps them-
Mr. BLAINE. Well, that is the only thing
of that kind they have to transmit. It is a
most extraordinary thing that one department
of this Government should officially discredit
to the whole country another department, and
all that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] says is more than justified if that be
the case.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
make a single remark in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellet.] The in-
ference which the gentleman drew from my
remarks is entirely unauthorized and unwar-
ranted by what I said. I do not undertake to
say, and I hope no gentleman will draw that
inference from what I did say, that the Post
Office Department is in the hands of thieves.
But f do say, what every one knows, that there
are men in the Post Office Department who are
not honest and wiio will steal letters when they
have money or other valuables in them. It
may be that there are but few of such men ;
but the very fact that this packagc was stolen
proves that there is somebody in the Depart-
ment who will steal. Now, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is a lawyer and has been a judge,
and able in both capacities, and will he under-
take to say that if a lawyer should remit money
by mail without instructions from his client and
it should be lost in the mail that lawyer would
be relieved from responsibility to his client ?
Not at all, sir. Then let us apply the same
rule to the agents of the Government that is
applied to the agents of private individuals.
Mr. MERCUK resumed the floor.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] a question.
Mr. MERCUR. I must decline to yield
further.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish only to ask one question.
Mr. MERCUR. Well, I will hear it.
Mr. HIGBY. It is, if the Government of
the United States can repudiate its own car-
rier? That is the question I wished to ask the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MERCUR. There is no reason why
the Government of the United States should
steal from its citizens and then seek to hold
them responsible for the loss.
Mr. li ROM WELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. MERCUR. I will yield for a single
question; but it must be the last.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would like to know
if the Government of the United States insures
money and other valuables sent through the
mails for all persons? If it does not, it seems
to me that this officer can ask no more of the
Government in carrying his package than any
other persons who send their money through
the mails.
Mr. MERCUR. That question hardly needs
an answer. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT J. II. CHEBSEMAN'S CREW.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the memorial
of the officers and men of the steamboat J. H.
Cheeseman, claiming compensation for ser-
vices while prisoners of war, and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we ought to hear
some reasons why this claim is rejected. It
does not follow because the committee thinks
it deserves rejection that the House would so
think. If these men were prisoners of war I
do not see why they should not be paid.
Mr. MERCUR. They were officers and men
on board a steamboat, and were in the employ-
ment of the captain or master of the steam-
boat. That steamboat was hired by the Gov-
ernment, and while it was in the employment
and service of the Government these men were
taken prisoners. Although they were never in
the employment of the Government directly,
never had any claim against the Government,
they now ask that the Government shall pay
them for that period of time during which they
were held as prisouers. That is the ease in a
nutshell.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire if these
men are entitled to compensation from any
one? or were the terms ot the contract which
they made such as to require them to take that
risk upon themselves? or was it one of those
unavoidable calamities for which there is no
relief?
Mr. MERCUR. They were employed by
the master of the boat. What the terms of
the contract were do not appear. The Gov-
ernineht made no contract, either express or
implied, with any of these officers or men.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
WILLIAM P. QCINN.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the petition
of William P. Quinn; which was laid on the
table.
P. II. CARD WELL.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
also reported adversely upon the memorial of
P. H. Cardwell, praying compensation for
damages to property; which was laid on the
table.
henry baiuucklow.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that t,he
same do pass, House bill No. 1063, for the
relief of Henry Barricklow.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The preamble
states that on the 28th of March, 1850, by the
sinking of the steamboat Nat Holmes in the
Ohio river, near the city of Aurora, Indiana,
Henry Barricklow lost twenty-three land war*
rants, each for one hundred and sixty acres,
and that duplicates of said warrants have been
issued by the commissioner and delivered to
said Barricklow.
The bill accordingly authorizes the said
Henry Barricklow to locate or sell the said
duplicate land warrants in the same manner
as if they had been issued in his name, and
directs the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue patents of their location as in
the case of other land warrants.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Were
these land warrants owned originally by differ-
ent parties ?
Mr. HOLMAN. They were issued originally
to different parties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
Mr. Barricklow was the owner of them at the
time they were lost?
Mr. HOLMAN. He was.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The case
of Mr. Barricklow seems to be very well made
out. The only objection to it, I should think,
would be in the mind of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmas,] that this man was a
carpet-bagger, for it appears the warrants were
in a carpet bag. when lost.
Mr. HOLMAN. He seems to have been a
carpet-bagger; but that was before carpet-bag-
ging became a political institution. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the m&tion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAFETY 01? STEAMBOAT TRAVEL.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce a
bill '(H. R. No. No. 1100) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamboats and other vessels,
and for other purposes;" which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Com-
merce.
JOHN SEDGWICK.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back House joint resolution
No. 90, for the relief of John Sedgwick, col-
lector of internal revenue in the third district
of California, together with a substitute, with
a recommendation that the substitute be
adopted.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to John Sedgwick, collector of internal
revenue inlhe third district of California. t,he
sum of $3,500, or so much thereof as the
proper accounting officer shall, from satisfac-
tory vouchers, determine to be necessary to
secure to him a salary of that amount for the
fiscal year ending June SO, 1864, in afidition
to the amount he necessarily paid out in cur-
rency in the discharge of bis official duties for
said year.
