482
SUPPLEMENT TO
tional limitation ?" The term of the presiden-
tial office, by the Constitution, is four years,
and that without regard to the contingency of
holding or period of actual service. It de-
scribes the period for which the office lasts,
and is without limitation. The tenure of his
office is subject to the contingencies of death,
resignation, or removal: but that relates to
the condition of actual holding or period of
servico, and in noway affects the term or period
for which lie was elected. Now, the language
of the proviso is, "shall hold for the term of
the President by whom appointed." Mr. Stan-
ton was appointed by Mr. Lincoln, whose term
of office was absolutely four years, under the
Constitution. The statute adopts the same
word, term, and this makes the period of hold-
ing identical with the period of the presidential
office, and does not subject it to the contin-
gencies of the tenure of his office or the period
of his service.
I pass the question whether Mr. Johnson is
or not serving out his own or the term of Mr.
Lincoln as unimportant in the view taken of
the question. Their terms of office, as a period
of time, were identical; and whether he is serv-
ing out Mr. Lincoln's term of office, as Vice
President, upon whom devolve the duties of
the office of President, by death, can have no
influence upon the general fact of what was
Mr. Stanton's term of office. In either case
Ms term would be the same.
But if, as is contended by counsel for the
President and those who adopt his views, the
proviso failed to provide a tenure for Mr. Stan-
ton, he being conceded to be in the body ofthe
section, then as to him the words, "except as
herein otherwise provided," fail to have any
effect, and leave his tenure unaffected, and the
same as that provided in the body of the sec-
tion for the description of persons mentioned.
I concludo, therefore, that the aet did not fail
of its object, namely, to regulate the tenure of
office of''every person holding any civil office
to which he has been appointed by and with the
advice aad> consent of the Senate;" that Mr.
Stanton's case was not excepted out of its pro-
visions ; that the proviso does regulate for him
a tenure of office; but if it do not, then it is
clear that it is regulated as is provided in the
body of the section for "every poison holding
any civil office,"&c., and that his removal was
ft clear violation of this act.
But it is said that it is at least doubtful if
the act did affect Mr. Stanton's case, and that
the effort to remove him from his office on the
21st of February last was an attempt 011 the
part of the President which he might, well be-
lieve lie had a right to make; that the attempt
did not succeed, and that it would be an abuse
of power to remove him from his high office
on grounds so slight.
But did the President truly believe that he
had the right, that it was clear, and that the
public welfare justified and demanded its exer-
cise? He had refused his assent to the tenure-
of-offiee act, stating in his message, among his
reasons expressed for refusal so to do, that its
provisions deprived him of control over his
Cabinet.
He had suspended Mr. Stanton under its
provisions—so stated to the Secretary of the
Treasury—as required by its provisions. He
bad communicated his reasons for this sus-
pension, agreeably to the terms of the act, to
the Senate. He had been advised of the
action of the Senate upon that suspension, and
of the acquiescence of General Grant in its
determination of the case, and had witnessed
the return of Mr. Stanton to his office and its
duties 111 accordance with the imperative pro-
visions of this act. With these acts and this
knowledge upon the record it is difficult to
believe that the President was acting in that
measure of good faith and in the presence and
under the pressure of a public necessity which
would justify the defiance of a law of even
doubtful import; that in this attempt to put
aside a high officer of the Government without
charge of misconduct in office, and after his
purpose had been overruled by the Senate, it
is submitted there is apparent less of desire to
consult the public interests and faithfully to
execute the laws than to execute his own pur-
poses upon a public officer who had incurred
his personal displeasure. Nor is it easy to
adopt the opinion that the charges and proof
in support of these may properly be regarded
as slight or unimportant.
The President may not arbitrarily and with-
out cause depose a high public officer with im-
punity independent of the act llnder consider-
ation. Wantonly to do it would constitute the
essence of arbitrary and unbridled power, and
tend to establish that irresponsible license over
the laws fatal to republican government, the
first appearance of which demand to be rebuked
and resisted. The officers and the office be-
long and are amenable to the law; they are its
servants and not the "satraps" of the Presi-
dent. The right of removal is not an arbitrary
right in any respect; and, subject to removal
himself, the President could have 110 right to
complain of the enforcement of a rule against
him which he couldapply to thosein his power.
The public interest, and that alone, must
justify the action.
The President declares in his answer that so
early as August last he had determined to cause
Mr. Stanton " to surrender his office of Secre-
tary of the Department of War." To that
end, 011 the 12th of the same month, he sus-
pended him from his office on pretense of
misconduct in office, as now in his answer
claimed, under the exercise of a power before
unheard of, and certainly never before prac-
ticed or asserted by any of his predecessors,
namely, the power to suspend from office in-
definitely, and at his pleasure, not until meet-
ing of the Senate, " as incident in the right
of removal;" and having so suspended, kept
that officer out of his office and out of the
public service for many months, and long
after Congress and the Senate had convened,
and for reasons stated in his message to the
Senate, wholly inadequate, unsatisfactory, and
unjustifiable in the judgment of that body, and
which, if not trifling, were characterized by
personal rather than public considerations.
It will be observed that he at once invokes
the aid of the tenure-ol'-office act to enable him
to suspend from office a public officer who had
incurred his personal displeasure, and after-
ward, when that had failed, attempts to remove
him in defiance of its authority and in contempt
of its validity. He at once invokes and violates
the act of 1795. lie professes to have appointed
General Grant Secietary of War ad interim
under it, and then violated it by retaining him
in office contrary to its provisions.
He invokes the judgment of the Senate on
the suspension of Mr. Stanton, and after that
judgment has been pronounced against him,
and under it the officer had returned to his
duties in obedience to the aet under which he
had been suspended, he defies its authority by
his removal, appoints General Thomas Secre-
tary of War ad interim, holds him out to the
country as the rightful Secretary of War, treats
him as a constituent member of his Cabinet,
ignores Mr. Stanton altogether, and thus sub-
jects the conduct of the office of the Depart-
ment of War to the dangers, embarrassments,
and perils which may come of these conflict-
ing pretensions, and must come if these pre-
tensions are made good by his acquittal. If
to these be added the spirit of defiance mani-
fest in his message to the Senate of February
22 last, and his determination, at any and all
hazards to the public interests, to cause a per-
sonally obnoxious public officer "to surrender
his office." I am persuaded that the peril to
our icpubliean structure of government will I
have become imminent when such conduct in
the President shall come to be regarded and
tolerated as slight and trifling, and shall not,
on the contrary, be held as high misdemeanors
in office. Mr. Madison, in commenting upon
this subject, says:
" I contend that the wuutvu romo ,:.al of merltorioxis
officers wouldsubjeetMmfthePresidont] toimpeach-
ment and removal from his own office,"
A different question is presented on the
second and third articles. On the 21st Feb-
ruary, assuming to have removed Mr. Stanton,
the President, in writing, authorised General
Thomas to aet as Secretary of War. and ap-
pointed him Secretary of War ad interim, there
being no vacancy in that office, or pretense of
vacancy, except the letter to Mr. Stanton of
the same date, the Senate then being in ses-
sion and not being advised upon the subject.
The President, in his answer, insists that at
the date of the letter and its delivery to General
Thomas there was a vacancy in the office of
Secretary of War caused by removal; that,
notwithstanding the Senate was in session, it
was lawful and in accordance with long-estab-
lished usage to empower said Thomas to act as
Secretary of War ad interim; and that, if the
tenure-of-office act be valid, in doing so he
violated none of its provisions.
Whether there was or not a vacancy in that
office will depend upon theeffectgiven to the let-
ter of removal addressed to Mr. Stanton, which
was not acquiesced in, and under which no re-
moval de facto was effected ; and whether the
attempted removal or order of removal was
justified by any usage arising under any pro-
vision of law. It is not pretended that any
act of Congress expressly confers this power
while the Senate is in session, much less that
the power is drawn from any express provision
of the Constitution. No parallel in the history
of the Government is shown or is believed to
exist. The only case at all approaching it is
that of Timothy Pickering, where the removal
and the nomination to the Senate of his suc-
cessor were simultaneous, and were essentially
011c and the same act, and was in and of itself
the mode adopted by the President of obtain-
ing the advice and consent of the Senate to
the removal. But in this case was an attempted
removal without reference to the Senate and
independent of it, and the appointment of a
Secretary ad interim, and no nomination to
the Senate of a successor. Neither by the
implication of the Constitution, laws, nor usage
was the removal of Mr. Stanton and the des-
ignation of General Thomas as Secretary of
War ad interim authorized.
But it is insisted that the removal of Mr.
Stanton having crcated a vacancy the President
was authorized to fill it temporarily by the
designation of General Thomas, under the act
of 1795, and that that act was not repealed by
the aet of 1863. This latter act repeals all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with its
provisions ; and it is said that its provisions
are not inconsistent in some one or more par-
ticulars with the former act upon the same
subject, and to that extent at least is not re-
pealed. This construction is quite too narrow,
i'he question is not whether the repealing act
in any particular negatives the former act, but
whether in its object, and scope it was a sub-
stantial revision ofthe law upon the particular
subject. If so, then, by well-established rules
of legal interpretation, it does operate to repeal
the former laws upon that subject.
Now, it is apparent from an examination of
those statutes that theactof 1803 was such stat-
ute of revision. The act of 1792, upon the
same subject., made provision for the case of
vacancy by death, and certain temporary dis-
abilities in the State, War, and Treasury De-
partments. That of 1795 provided that "in
case of vacancy," &c.; and both alike in the
cases contemplated provided that the Presi-
dent might "authorize any person or persons,
at his discretion, to perform the duties," &c.
The act of 1863 provides that in case of resig-
nation, death, absence from the seat of Gov-
ernment, or sickness in the heads of any of
the existing Departments, the President may
authorize any head of any other Department,
&e., to perform the duties, &c.
The act of 1863 is a revision of the law 011
the subject, as it embraces the objects of both
prior statutes ; provides for vacancy by resigna-
tion, not provided for specifically, and changes
the rule of both prior statutes as to the per-
sons to be authorized to perform the duties
