16
APPENDIX TO TfgEj CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
Senate "& Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Cong. ...2b Sess.
vey away the inhabitants the Department wSuld
interpose no objection to the employment of a
steamer as requested, though naval vessels are
not adapted to transportation.
The Uanandaigua, Captain Strong, was dis-
patched to Crete with full, explicit, and guarded
instructions from Rear Admiral (Joldsborougk
to first obtain an interview with the chief au-
thority of the island, explain the object of his
visit to be one of friendship, harmony, and
humanity, and if consent could be obtained to
receive on board as many Greek women and
children as the vessel could accommodate and
take them to Greece. In an interview with
Omar Pacha, Captain Strong communicated
his instruction, but permission was refused, and
ho waS informed it would not be allowed under
any circumstances.
-'Subsequently, on the 26tli July, Admiral
yarr&gut dispatched the Swatara, Commander
Jeffers, to Crete. His reports confirm the
representations of Captain Strong of the Can-
andaigua as to the impolicy of any interference
on our part with either of the belligerents. It
could not be done without violating the neu-
trality which we had always observed, and
whatever may have been our sympathies we
could take no active measures with the insur-
rectionists without an injustice to the Turkish
Government, which had scrupuously respected
our national integrity and refused recognition
of the rebels when other nations gave them
countenance. At a period when other Powers
restricted the courtesies which belonged to us,
placed us on the footing of belligerents and
extended to the rebels all the privileges that
were given to the naval vessels of the United
States, the Turkish Government maintained
honorable faith with us, and gave no encour-
agement to the insurrection which threatened
the stability of our Union. The dispatches of
Captain Strong and Commander Jeffers are
appended to this report.
The following vessels now compose the
European squadron:
Franklin, (flag-ship)  39 guns.
(Janandaigua  7 "
Tieonderoga ^ " 9 "
Swatara   " 10 "
Shamrock   10 "
Frolic " g "
Guard, (store-ship) .'.V....'.'.'." 3 "
ASIATIC SQUADRON.
The Asiatic squadron is still under the com-
mand of Rear Admiral H. EE. Bell, and has
been reenforced during the year by the addition
of the Oneida, Iroquois, Aroostook, Unadilla,
and the Onward, and consists at this time of the
Hartford, (flag-ship)  21 guns.
bhonanuoan  7 "
Oneida 8 "
Waehusett 9 "
Wyoming  ... Q "
Iroquois   6 "
Ashuelot 10 "
jMonocacy   10 • 
Aroostook   5 ••
XJnadilla    5 •>
Onward     o  
Supply '""""'///."ZZ 6 "
The Piscataqua, one of the steam frigates
recently built, will sail in a few days to relieve
tae Hartford, and carry out Rear Admiral S. C.
wiU su.oceed Rear Admiral Boll.
_ llic Idaho, taken into the service by direc-
tion of Congress, has been converted into a
sailing vessel by removing the boilers and
machinery, which were condemned as worth-
1 - SE"'ec* from New York November
1, and will be stationed at Nagasaki and be
principally as a hospital and store-ship,
llie Maurnee is now on her way to join the
squadron, and the Waehusett, Wyoming, On-
ward, arid Supply are under orders to return
to the United States.
In April last, by request of Mr. Van Val-
kenburgh, the United States minister, Rear
Admiral Bell proceeded to Yokohama, having
been advised that the foreign ministers resi-
dent in Japan proposed to visit the Tycoon,
who had invited them to an interview at
his country residence. The occasion bein^
an extraordinary one iu the history of Japan-
ese intercourse with foreigners, and the trans-
action one of an important commercial and
business character, Rear Admiral BeH deemed
it expedient that our minister should be sus-
tained by the display of a respectable naval
force off the port of Osaka, and that Mr. Van
Valkenburgli should be conveyed hither in bis
flag-ship, the Hartford. With this intent he
assembled at Yokohama the Hartford, Shen-
andoah, and Wyoming, of his squadron. Un-
fortunately the machinery of the Hartford
became temporarily disabled 011 her passage
from Hong Kong, and she could not therefore
discharge this duty. The minister was, how-
over, accommodated 011 board the Shenan-
doah, which, in company with the AVyoming,
proceeded to Osaka, where he was landed on
the 1st of May with the usual honors, and
escorted by the marine guard of both vessels.
Rear Admiral Bell subsequently arrived in the
Hartford, and remained with the Shenan-
doah and Wyoming until the object of the
mission was completed, when the Shenandoah
returned with the minister to Yokohama, and
the Hartford and Wyoming proceeded by way
of the inland sea to Nagasaki.
The Japanese Government having, in the
interview between the Tycoon and the minis-
ters, signified its purpose to open an additional
port on the western coast to foreign trade, our
minister, in pursuance of an arrangement with
his colleagues, left Yokohama on the 25tli of
June in the Shenandoah, which had been placed
at his disposal, with a view of examining the
different ports and selecting the most suitable
one for commercial purposes. Unusual interest
marked this cruise. The Shenandoah reached
Hakodadi on the 28 th of June, and the first salute
that was ever fired there in honor of a foreign
^minister was given on this occasion. The min-
ister and the officers of the Shenandoah were
received by the governor with marked ceremony
and politeness. On the 12th of July the Shenan-
doah entered the port of Neegata, where simi-
lar courtesies were extended to them by the
governor, vice-governor, and a large concourse
of officials. Nanou was reached on the 13th
of July, no American vessel having ever before
entered that harbor, and on the 17th of July
she visited Mikuni and also Tsurunga, whore
no foreign vessel of war had ever previously
anchored. The Shenandoah arrived on the
20th at Miyadsu, the most beautiful of all the
bays visited.
Commodore Goldsborough and the officers
under his command made surveys of most of
these now harbors, and prepared sailing direc-
tions for their entrance.
In consequence of the domestic troubles in
Japan, and to prevent interruption of our open-
ing commerce with that country, and especially
in consideration of the national importance of
the recently established communication with
Asia by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
one or more of the vessels of the Asiatic squad-
ron is constantly maintained in the waters of
Japan.
American commerce in the East suffered
some detriment during our civil war, and oth-
ers have profited by our misfortune. Prussia
has, within a few years, become conspicuous
as a mercantile Power in the east. Sailing ves-
sels nnder her flag are seen in every port, re-
ceiving freights at lower rates than are offered
by either American or British ships, and Ger-
man merchants are securing a thriving business
iu that quarter. Apprehensions are expressed
that we are not destined to recover the prestige
of our former successful mercantile marine
in the China seas unless it be by means of
steam vessels built for that trade. The arrival
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
steamer Colorado, the first of that line, at
Hong Kong in January last, via Yokohama,
twenty-nine and a half days from San Fran-
cisco, was an event of vast importance in steam
navigation, aswell as of intense interest to our
countrymen in eastern Asia, and was greeted
by our naval vessels with a salute of twenty-
one guns, and their mast-heads were dressed
with the American ensign. The establishment
of this line of steamers is, without doubt, des-
tined to have an expanding and beneficent
influence on the commerce of the world.
In the autumn of 1866 intelligence reached
the squadron that the American schooner Gen-
eral Sherman had been wrecked in the Ping
Yang river, one of the streams of Corea, and
that all of her officers, crew, and passengers
were murdered. Rear Admiral Bell dispatched
the Waehusett, Commander R. W. Shufeldt,
to Cliifu to investigate the circumstances, at-
tending the loss of the General Sherman, with
instructions to demand of the chief authorities
that, if there wereany survivors of the schooner,
(hey should be delivered on the deck of the
Waehusett, whatever might be their nation-
ality, and to make such further investigation
as was practicable.
The Waehusett anchored near the mouth of
the Ta Tong river, on the west coast of Cor^a,
on the 23d of January. The pilot secured for
those waters did not consider it safe at that
season to take the vessel to the Ping Yang,
which was some fifty miles to the northward.
Commander Shufeldt had, therefore, to com-
municate with the king of Corea by a messen-
ger, secured through the instrumentality of the
chief of a fishing village. The object of -his
visit and his demands were thus made known ;
butno reply to his communication was received.
On the 2'Jth of January, however, an officer,
who claimed to be from the capital, was pre-
sented on board the Waehusett, and had an
interview with her commander. The result
was most unsatisfactory. Commander Shu-
feldt was unable to find any peaceable solu-
tion of the difficulty, or that there were any
survivors of the ill-fated vessel.
In reference to this affair, Rear Admiral Bell
apprehends that "until the Government takes
efficient action on this case our countrymen
lawfully navigating the seas adjacent to Corea
will bo m peril of life and liberty of person
from the barbarities of the people and the
authorities of that country, who aim at the
exclusion of strangers."
No survey of that part of the coast has ever
been made. Commander Shufeldt, therefore,
while waiting a response to his communication
to the king, improved the time in making a
partial survey of the Ta Tong river. °
Piracies have occurred less frequently the
curient year than in some former seasons. They
do not often take place during the northeast
monsoons, that is, between October and May
ihe violence of the winds at that season pre-
vents the vessels from being becalmed and
drives the piratical junks and row boats from
the sea. It also carries American and European
vessels off the coast or into ports with too <reat
speed to be boarded. The season for piracies
is during the southwest monsoons, when calms
a"r-lSUI?rmei' breezes with smooth seas prevail
Ihe Monocacy was instructed to proceed in
May last to Brum, Borneo, and investigate, for
the information oftlie Government, tbecircum-
stances of an alleged attack on, and'the destruc-
tion of, the residence of the American consul at
that place. On the 27th of that month, the Mo-
nocacy, Commander Carter, anchored abreast
of the sultan's palace off Br'ani, and arttr exe-
cuting Ins mission left, on the 1st of June.
in the early part of the year information
wiadbef adr°niti!ft th6u A«eriean ba?k
Of thi lit feeen wrecked on the southeast end
tW nil °f ForI?osa> and it was rumored
that all who were on board had been murdered
Commander Febiger, with the Ashuelot was
ordered to proceed to the locality in question
Caf&r' Zfmathm C°uld ^fnaito
be found O ?'SCUe • i surv'vorS Should any
\ -i n ,S arnval "t Tai-wan-Foo. in
^pnl, Commander Pebigur required of the
three principal authorities of the island an
