1808.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2M1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call-for
the reading of the report.
The Clerk read the report.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over till the next
morning hour.
IRRIGATION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting,
in answer to a resolution of the House of the
7th instant, information furnished by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, relative
to the most approved methods of irrigation of
the public lands, &c.; which was referred to
the Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to
be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Baker,] who has been unexpect-
edly called away, desires indefinite leave of
absence.
Leave was granted.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence on account of sickness
ill his family.
Mr. WOODWARD asked and obtained
indefinite leave of absence.
adjournment till friday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Friday next.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. THOMAS. I would like to offer an
amendment to the motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it.
Mr. THOMAS. Itisto add the words, "and
the Speaker shall, after the Journal has been
read on Friday next, adjourn the House to
meet on Monday."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing to ac-
cept that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] can-
not be adopted without unanimous consent.
The House cannot, in the opinion of the Chair,
order what shall be done on Friday next, except
by unanimous consent.
Several members objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. - Then let my motion
be put in its original form.
On the motion of Mr. Farnsworth there
were—ayes 45, noes 44 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Farnsworth
and Ward.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 51, noes 45.
Mr. WARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 52, not voting
87; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Baldwin, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Bromwell, Brooks,
Burr, Chanlcr, Eldridgc, Farnsworth,Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Golladay, Grover. Haight, Harding, Higby,
Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kel-
ley, Knott, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick,
Morgan, Morrell, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill. Pile,
Pruyn, Robinson, Boss, Schenek, Sitgreaves, Stewart,
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Trump, Henry
D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and Windom—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson Ames, Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Blaine, Boutwell, Butler, Cobb,
Coburn, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Marvin, MeCIurg,
Mercur, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Poland,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer. Scofield, Starkweather,
Aaron F.Stevens, Taffe, John Trimble,Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward. Cadvvalader C. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
and Thomas Williams—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Baker, Banks, Barne3, Barn um,. Beck, Bing-
ham, lioyer, Broomall,Buckland,Cake,Cary, Church-
ill, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Eekley, Ela, Finney, Fox, Getz, Gravely, Griswold,
Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hotchkiss, As ah el W. Hub-
bard, Chester 1). Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Judd, Kerr, Lincoln, Lo-
gan, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough, Miller. Moore,
Moorhead. Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen, Newcomb,
Niblack, Peters, Phelps, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price,.Randall. Selye. Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, lhaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Taber,
Taylor, Twichell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Rob-
ert!. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Welker, William Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbridge, a.nd Woodward—87.
So the motion of Mr. Farnsworth wtfe
rejected.
Mr. ORTH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was rejected; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot that motion be
renewed?
The SPEAKER. It is a.privileged motion,
and can be renewed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to take up thelndian
appropriation bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask leave to make a
statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T will state
to the gentleman that after the bill is read I will
yield afty time he desires.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. 1 understood the gen-
tleman from Illinois to agree this morning that
after the morning hour the gentleman from
Ohio should have the floor to make his expla-
nation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to keep the gentleman from Ohio from
making his explanation, but I would prefer to
have it as I have suggested.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will lot him make his explanation now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
time does he want?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
yield for that time ; but I will first ask that the
first reading of the Indian appropriation bill
be dispensed with. It will have to be read
section by section for amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I object. My reason ib
that I do not desire to have the bill taken up
now. It has just been printed and laid upon
our tables.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Stewart was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
one of the managers on the part of the House,
asked that a warrant might be issued by order
of the House for the arrest of Mr. Charles
Woolley, of Cincinnati, Ohio, stating that in
contempt of the writ of the lipase that gentle-
man had absented himself from the city.
Mr. UPSON. Is that a personal explana-
tion ?
Mr. MORGAN. I did not rise to a personal
explanation.
Mr. UPSON. I so understood it.
The SPEAKER. When the floor is given
to a gentleman for explanation, if he is not
limited to a specific subject, lie is alone the
judge, keeping himself within the parliament-
ary rules.
Mr. MORG AN. More than two hours before
the proceeding in the House to which I have
referred Mr. Woolley. who was at Willard's
Hotel, sent the following telegram to my col-
league, [Mr. Binoham:J
May 18,11.15 a. m., 1S6S.
To Hon. John A. Bingham, Committee-room of the
Judiciary. House of Repreieiitatn'cs :
I will esteem it a favor if you will inform me by M
telegraph the exact time when you can examine me. 11
C. W. WOOLLEY, ]l
WiiUtrd'a. []
It is due to Mr. Woolley to say. Mr. Speaker,
that no gentleman in the community in which
he lives is more highly esteemed than he is;
and I feel the more called upon to make this
statement because of the statement of the gen-
tleman who represents his'district yesterday,
that he had no apology to make for Mr. Wool-
ley. Nor do I feel called upon to make an
apology for him: the facts are thehest apology.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I said, as apology had
been made on that side of the House, I would
make none. Whjit was in the morning papers,
excepting the Globe, I did not say.
Mr. MORGAN. I am happy to be cor-
rected. I am happy to know that he has been
misrepresented. I also hold in my hand the
subpoena served upon Mr. Woolley, and it
shows the fact that although it bore the date
"17th of May," it had been corrected to the
18th, making it dated the day after it was
served. Consequently it was impossible for
Mr. Woolley to know, with this mistake upon
an irregular and unauthorized proceeding,
what time he was really to be called upon.
I am not the only person in the House-that
knows Mr. Woolley. I am happy to know
that one of my colleagues on the other side of
the House is well acquainted with him, and I
will yield to him for a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know Mr. Woolley very
well, and said yesterday to the manager pre-
senting the case that,whatever had been done,
I was of the belief that Mr. Woolley, properly
notified,would return to the city and submit to
any examination demanded. 1 think the facts
will turn out to be something like these : that
Mr. Woolley being served on Sunday with a
summons, and having an impression, on ac-
count of the day of the service, and perhaps
because, as it is claimed, that it was dated on
the 18th while it was served on the 17th, that
it was not a summons which in any sense he
was hound to obey, started off to Now York,
intending to go to Cincinnati, under that im-
pression ; but being advised by a friend at
some point on the way that he might get him-
self in trouble, no matter whether the sum-
mons was regular or irregular, thought he had
better return. I have no doubt, from my
knowledge of the character of Mr. Woolley,
that in any case, being served with process, lie
would make his appearance here. So I said
yesterday to the managers, and so I suppose
now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio whether Mr. Woolley was
notin the city at six o'clockyesterday morning?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is more than I know.
I never knew of his return to this city until it
was mentioned here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Had you no such in-
formation ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood that to
be so.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman asks if I
was informed of it. The first I knew of it was
the remark made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Stewart,] who said yesterday, in
explanation to the managers, that he had heard
that Mr. Woolley had returned. Up to that
time I supposed him to be probably in New
York, at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of
taking up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the" gentleman yield
to allow me to make a statement in reference
to this bill ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline
to yield.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Wasii-
bcene, of Illinois, there were—ayes 50, noes
32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Washbubne, of Illinois, and
Windom.
The House divided; and the tellers _ re-
ported—ayes 56, noes 24: no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
