1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
immediate investigation of the outrage, tlie
seizure and punishment of those implicated,
and the recovery of any of the shipwrecked
crew who survived. The authorities expressed
much interest in the case, and indicated a
desire to obtain all information possible, and
to punish those who were engaged in it; but
they claimed to be unable to bring to justice
the perpetrators of the crime, who belonged to
a horde of savages that were not obedient to
their laws. They represented, moreover, that
it was difficult to employ an effective armed
force against savages who were incapable of
holding negotiations with civilized people. On
visiting the immediate scene of the outrage
Commander Febiger deemed it unadvisable,
with his limited force, to resort to hostile meas-
ures.
Rear Admiral Bell was not disposed that so
great a crime should pass unpunished, and he
therefore lelt Shanghai in June, with the Hart-
ford and Wyoming, for the purpose of destroy-
ing, if possible, the lurking places of the sav-
ages who had murdered the crew of the Rover.
When he reached Taka he received on board
Mr. Pickering, an interpreter; Mr. Taylor, a
merchant at that place, and her Britannic
majesty's consul, Charles Carroll, Esq., who
were anxious to accompany the expedition.
The latter gentleman had previously humanely,
but unsuccessfully, endeavored to communi-
cate with the savages and ransom any of the
crew of the Rover who survived.
On the 13th of June the vessels anchored
within half a mile of the shore, and one hun-
dred and eighty-one officers, sailors, and ma-
rines were landed, under command of Com-
mander George C. Belknap, of the Hartford,
accompanied by Lieutenant Commander Alex-
ander S. Mackenzie, licet lieutenant, as sec-
ond in command, he having earnestly sought
to go on the expedition.
Soon after landing, savages, dressed in
clouts and their bodies painted, were, by the
aid of glasses, seen assembled in parties of ten
or twelve on the cleared hills about two miles
distant, their muskets glittering in the sun. As
our men approached the hills the savages,
familiar with the paths, descended to meet
them, and, gliding through the high grass from
cover to cover, displayed a strategy and cour-
age equal to North American Indians. Deliv-
ering their fire, they retreated without being
seen by our men, who, charging on their cov-
erts, frequently fell into ambuscades. The
detachment pursued them in this harassing
manner out of sight of the ships until two p. m.,
when they halted to rest. While thus resting
the savages covertly approached and fired upon
the party. Lieutenant Commander Mackenzie
immediately placed himself at the head of the
company commanded by Lieutenant Sands, of
the Hartford, and daringly led a charge into
the ambuscade. He fell mortally wounded by
a musket-ball, and died while being borne to
the rear. His loss was deeply felt by his com-
rades; and his commander, in communicating
liis death, pays a generous and deserved tribute
to this gallant young officer when he says the
Navy could boast no braver spirit and no man
of higher promise. He was distinguished for
his professional knowledge, aptitude, and tact,
and for suavity of manners, which inspired the
confidence and affection of his men, while his
impetuous courage impelled him ever to seek
the post of danger, where he was always seen
in the advance, a conspicuous mark and an
example.
Several of the officers and men experienced
severe sunstrokes, the heat being intense ; and
as the command was generally exhausted in
unavailing efforts to get at the enemy, Com-
mander Belknap determined to return to the
ships, which were reached at four p. m., after
an exhausting march of six hours under a
tropical sun.
The experience obtained demonstrated the
inutility of such an expedition against a savage
enemy in a wild country, by sailors unaccus-
40TII CONG. 2D 81*53.--NO. 2.
tomed to ambuscadcs and bush life. No troops
could have exhibited more bravery, but the
warfare was one to which sailors are not
adapted. These considerations and the pros-
trated condition of his men decided Rear Ad-
miral Bell to make no further attempt by again
landing his force. rJ hey had already done all
that was possible, by burning a number of
native huts and in chasing the warriors through
coverts of green jungle and green grass, which
are represented as fire-proof at that season.
The Shenandoah on the way to the Asiatic
squadron touched at Calcutta and remained
several days. No American man-of-war hav-
ing for some twenty-five years visited that port
the appearance of the Shenandoah attracted
unusual attention. She was warmly welcomed
by our countrymen, and the military and civil
authorities and inhabitants of the place.
She left Calcutta December 18, and, touch-
ing at Penang, arrived at Singapore the 21st.
From Singapore she proceeded to Bankok, in
Siam, and the French settlement Saigon, in
Cochin China. At Bankok a friendly greeting
was received from the king and his ministers.
On the way to her station the Iroquois touched
at St. Augustine bay, Madagascar, and at Jo-
hanna, one of the Comoro islands in the Mo-
zambique channel. At St. Augustine bay his
majesty King Willy was entertained on board,
lie expressed his gratification at the arrival of
the Iroquois, the first American man-of-war
which had ever touched there. At Johanna
visits were exchanged with the sultan, who was
found well disposed to our flag. He com-
plained of an indirect slave trade carried on
by the French, and that some of our own mer-
chantmen had at different times carried his sub-
jects from the island without permission. Com-
mander English left a circular addressed to
commanders of merchantmen touching there
requesting them not, to ship or receive 011 board
subjects of the sultan without permission. The
Iroquois also touched at Aden, Muscat, and
Bombay.
The Aroostook, which a short time pre-
viously had touched at Johanna, was the first
American man-of-war that had been in that
port for nine years. It being the 4th of July,
the ship was dressed and the flag of the sultan
hoisted at the fore, for which courtesy the
thanks of the principal minister were sent on
board, the sultan being temporarily absent on
the other side of the island.
NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
The causes which rendered expedient the
continuance of a distinct force in the Gulf of
Mexico ceased when the attempt to establish
an imperial Government in Mexico was aban-
doned. A consolidation of the squadron under
Commodore Winslow with that of Rear Admiral
Palmer was therefore determined upon in April,
and in pursuance of instructions then issued
the tiausfer was made on the 22d of May.
This transfer disposed of the last of the several
squadrons which our civil war had called into
existence. It had been retained as a distinct
force two years after all organized resistance
to the Government had ceased, in consequence
of the peculiar condition of affairs 111 the neigh-
boring republic, and not from any disturbance
within our own territory. From the date of the
transfer Rear Admiral Palmer has had com-
mand of the whole North Atlantic squadron.
In consequence of the prevalence of yellow
fever a number of the vessels have been with-
drawn. This disease has prevailed to a great
extent the current year along the Gulf and
through a considerable portion of the West
Indies. At this time Rear Admiral Palmer has
under his command the—■
Susquehanna, (flag-ship)  IS suns.
I)e Soto  8
Monongaheta  7
Glasgow  2 "
Don  8 "
S;ico  ID "
Sbawmut    S "
Marblchead  7 "
Yantic  5 "
Mahaska       10 "
I Although the operations and movements
! of the vessels of this squadron have been fre-
j qucntly and seriously interfered with by the
I prevailing epidemic I am not aware that the
interests of our countrymen have suffered from
inattention or from the absence of naval pro-
tection. The principal foreign ports within
the limits of the squadron have been visited,
some of them repeatedly, and the countries
affected by domestic disturbance, or where
there were foreign enemies, have invariably
had a man-of-war in port when needed.
\ era Cruz and Tampico, in Mexico; tlio
ports of Hayti and St. Domingo, countries
afflicted with perpetual discontent and revolu-
tion; Aspinwall, Carthagena, and other places
in Colombia, where a revolution of Govern-
ment has taken place, have been visited by
Rear Admiral Palmer, and the flag-ship or
one of the squadron has always been near
when the presence of a naval vessel would be
likely to exercise a beneficial influence.
i11 August last Rear Admiral Palmer had an
interview at Panama with General Gutierrez,
the president of Colombia, who expressed
great regard for our country, and especially
for American interests on the isthmus, where
the faithful observance of treaty stipulations
he considered mutually beneficial to his coun-
try and our own.
Preceding and attending the surrender of
Vera Cruz great judgment and address were
exhibited by Commander Roe, the naval com-
mander stationed at that place. Repeated
negotiations had been opened between the
imperial and republican commanders, without
final results. When at length, through the
friendly offices of Commander Roe and the
American and British consuls, an arrange-
ment was made for the transfer of the place,
it was interrupted by the arrival of the steamer
Virginia from New York with General Santa
Anna, who proceeded at once to the castle,
which was in command of one of his friends.
Santa Anna declared that he brought letters
from the United States Government, and many
believed he was its authorized agent. Great
excitement for a while prevailed, and a revo-
lution seemed imminent, but, by prompt and
decisive measures, this difficulty was disposed
of. Santa Anna left the port, and on the 27th
of June a transfer of the place and a peaceful
embarkation of the foreign legion followed.
Commander Roe is entitled to commenda-
tion for the discretion and zeal which he mani-
fested. To his good judgment, in concert with
that of our consul, the surrender of Vera Cruz
without disaster or bloodshed is attributed.
The naval station at Port Royal has been
discontinued and after shipping toother places
most of the movable naval property a sale of
the remainder and cf the buildings at Bay
Point has been affected. Key West has been
made the principal depot for supplies for this
squadron.
SOCTII ATLANTIC SQCADHON.
The South Atlantic squadron is composed at
this time of the—
(ruorricie, (flag-ship)  21 guns.
Wasp  3 "
Pawnee  11 "
Kansas  8 "
Quinnebaug  6 "
Huron  0 "
Sliamokin  10
DuringtheyeartheBrooklyn, Juniata, Shaw-
mut, Nipsic, and Onward have returned from
this squadron. Rear Admiral Charles II. Davis
relieved Rear Admiral Godon on the 27th of
July, and the latter sailed from Rio 011 the 31st
and arrived at Philadelphia on the 3d of Sep-
tember. This officer has discharged the re-
sponsible duties of his Command with ability
and discretion, and the essels of bis squadron
have been actively and usefully employed.
The Shamokin, Commander P. Crosby, re-
cei\ed on board Mr. Washburn, minister to
Paraguay, and arrived at the line of the Bra-
zilian blockading squadron November 2, IS.ifi.
Commander Crosby immediately informed
