1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into a constitutional and valid court of imp.
ment for the trial of articles of impeachment pre-
ferred against Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will say a
few words in support of the proposition which
I make to refer this report back with the in-
structions proposed. I do not know that any
Senator whatever takes the position that the
States named in those instructions are not
States of the Union. I do not pretend to
understand the exact position of many of the
Senators in relation to that proposition; but I
Relieve it is conceded generally, if not univer-
sally, that all those States are, and continued
through the war to be, States of the Union.
Some gentlemen contend that they are States
without governments. If they are States ac-
cording to the definition and meaning of the
Constitution they are certainly entitled to rep-
resentation in the Senate. When the Senate
resolves itself into a court of impeachment it
is the right of every State to have its full rep-
resentation in the Senate, and it is the right
of the State and of the Senators representing
each State that they should form component
parts of the court of impeachment. I will
illustrate that proposition by a suppositious
case. There has been sometimes a covert and
sometimes a pretty distinct threat to exclude
my own State and to exclude her representa-
tion in both Houses of Congress; but I will
take the State of Ohio or the State of Indiana,
and I ask this question: have the Senate of the
United States the power to deny to the State
of Ohio or the State of Indiana representation
in the Senate ; and, while that Stftte is denied
representation, have the remaining Senators
the right to resolve themselves into a court
of impeachment for the trial of the President
of the United States or any other civil officer?
Cases might arise in which the Senators from
a single State or from one or two States would
hold strength enough to decide whether a ma-
jority of two thirds could be obtained in favor
of articles of impeachment.
If such a state of case as that should arise,
have the majority of Congress the right to ex-
elude a State where it was known, or whether
it was known or not, that her Senators would
vote in a particular way upon the articles of
impeachment of a President or any other
officer?
I put that question seriously to Senators. I
presume that the unanimous answer of the
Senators would be that Congress has no such
right as to exclude the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of a State that never was in rebellion
from seats in the two Houses ; and in that way
to control what will be the judgment ol the
Senate upon articles of impeachment against a
President. If they have that power it places
the Government of the United States in some
of its most essential and important features
wholly within the power of a majority in Con-
gress.
What is the language of the Constitution?
Bach State shall elect two Senators to the Uni-
ted States Senate. What is the further lan-
guage of the Constitution ? The Senate shall
be the sole judge in all eases of impeachment.
I take it, then, for granted that under the Con-
stitution every State that is in the Union has
an indisputable and unquestioned constitutional
right to be represented in the Senate, and its
Senators have the unquestioned, the consti-
tutional right, when the Senate forms itself
into a court for the trial of any impeachment,
to be component parts of that court of im-
peachment. That certainly is the obvious
meaning and effect of the Constitution. With-
out it, there is no safety in the tenure of office
of the President or any other high officer of
the Government. Instead of holding his office
by constitutional tenure, subject to be im-
peached by a majority of the House, all the
States being represented according to the ap-
portionment of representation among them,
and to be tried by the Senate as a court of
impeachment with all the States represented
in the Senate and each State having two Sen-
ators, the whole would be resolved to come
within the factious power of a, majority of the
two Houses of Congress.
I presume the proposition which I make will
not be controverted by any honorable Senator:
that every State in the Union has the constitu-
tional right to have two Senators upon the
floor of the Senate, and the Senators repre-
senting that State have the constitutional right
to form component parts of the court of im-
peachment upon the present or any other
occasion for the trial of any officer of the Gov-
ernment impeached. If that principle be con-
ceded, it seems to me that it is about to be vio-
lated upon the present occasion. Is Virginia
a State in the Union? In July, 1861, there
was an extra session of Congress called by the
late President. Who appeared in that Con-
gress as Senators and Representatives from the
State of Virginia and the State of Tennessee,
and who as Representatives from the State of
Louisiana? On the first day of the extra ses-
sion appeared Andrew Johnson as a Senator
from Tennessee. He was permitted to take
his seat. He sat throughout that session as a
member of the Senate representing the State
of Tennessee. At that same session who ap-
peared from the State of Virginia as Senators,
and who as Representatives? My respected
and honorable friend, Senator Willey, and the
late Senator from that State. Senator Carlile,
appeared with the credentials of the State of
Virginia as her Senators in Congress.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] made objection to the admission of
those two gentleman from the State of Virginia.
That objection was argued at length by some
of the ablest members of the Senate. I recol-
lect that one of his particular objections was
that the signature of the Governor to the cre-
dentials of those Senators was not the certifi-
cate of the true Governor of the State of Vir-
ginia; but that objection and the suggestion
whether Virginia was a State in the Union
were all considered in the debate, and passed
upon by the Senate, and the Senate decided by
a general vote, all the Republicans voting in
the affirmative, in favor of the admission of
Senators Carlile and Willey. They came to
the bar of the Senate, took the oath to support
the Contsitution of the United States, and were
admitted as the representatives of the Stale of
Virginia on this floor. My honorable friend
[Mr. Willey] continued a member at each
succeeding session, and served as a Senator
from Virginia until West Virginia was erected
into a State, when, as he resided within the
boundaries of West Virginia, he resigned his
seat as Senator from the State of Virginia, and
in his stead was elected Mr. Bowden by what
was termed the Legislature of Virginia. Mr.
Bowdeu presented himself and took his seat
as the successor of Hon. Mr. Willey on the
commission of the Governor of the State of
Virginia, Governor Peirpoint, under the great
seal of that State, and the Senate of the Uni-
ted States admitted him to his seat, and he con-
tinued to hold that seat until he died some
months afterward. Mr. Carlile had been elect-
ed to fill the vacancy occasioned by the expul-
sion of either Mr. Hunter or Mr. Mason, I do
not recollect which. He was elected to fill
the residue of the term, nearly five years, and
during every session of the Senate throughout
that period Mr. Carlile appeared regularly,
like any other Senator, was admitted to his
seat, enjoyed all the rights and privileges of a
member of the Senate equally with every other
member of the body, and continued to serve
until the expiration of his term. If Mr. Bow-
den had lived I believe his term would not yet
have expired, and he would still be a Senator
from the State of Virginia, associating with and
being received by all the Senate as a Senator
from that State.
For two or three different sessions after the
ordinance of secession had been passed by that
State, and while the rebellion was raging, four
or five members of the House of Representa-
tives appeared from the State of Virginia, and
were admitted to seats, and I believe some were
received at sessions subsequent to the ;
dor of Lee and of Johnson, but that is not
material. Certainly for three or four distinct
sessions after the secession of Virginia from
three to five Representatives from the State of
Virginia appeared at the bar of the House of
Representatives, were sworn in as Representa-
tives from that State, and continued to serve.
At the second session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, beginning in December, 1861, agen-
tleman whose name I cannot now remember
appeared as a Representative from the State
of Tennessee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Hay-
nard was here from Tennessee.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not now referring to
Mr. Mayxaro, but to another gentleman, who
appeared at the December session of 1861,
with his credentials as a recently elected Rep-
resentative from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Mr. JIay-
nard was elected in August, 1861.
Mr. DAVIS. I am referring to a small
man, who was here at the December session
of 1861.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Clements.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the man. Mr. Clements
appeared here as a duly elected Representative
from the State of Tennessee to the House of
Representatives. Ho presented himself at the
bar of the House, exhibited his credentials;
his credentials were examined ; and he was re-
ceived by that House as a member from the
State of Tennessee, and served his term of two
years. Mr. Maynard was elected to the same
Congress, and took his seat, also, under the
same facts, and was permitted by the House of
Representatives to serve out his term. At a
later period during the same Congress, Mr.
Halm and Mr. Flanders appeared as Repre-
sentatives from the State of Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday, which is House bill No. 201.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe this matter takes
precedence of the unfinished business. I think
that was the understanding when it was taken
up; but, if it is necessary, I move that the
unfinished business be postponed that the con-
sideration of this report may be continued.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a matter of priv-
ilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves that the unfinished
business be postponed, and that the report
before the Senate be continued.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I was proceeding to speak of
the case of the Representatives from Louisiana.
I do not recollect the exact date, but some time
in 1803 Messrs. Hahn and Flanders appeared
as Representatives from the State of Louisiana;
they presented their credentials at the bar of
the House, and upon them were admitted and
sworn in as Representatives from the State of
Louisiana, and they served out their terms.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Kentucky allow me to make a suggestion
to him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. The question now before
the Senate, it seems to me, can only be enter-
tained after articles of impeachment are exhib-
ited and the Senate is organized into a court.
If the party impeached puts in as his defense
through his counsel a plea to_t!ic jurisdiction,
of course the court must decide on that plea;
i but I do not think the Senate as a legislative
body would have any authority to decide that
question now. Therefore, on the motion to
recommit for this purpose, I must vote against
it without committing myself in the slightest
degree to what my opinion may be, for I will
not form it even until such a case arises, until
such a plea is made, and 1 have heard the discus-
sion upon it on both sides. I think this is not
the time or the occasion to decide such a ques-
tion ; I do not think we have the authority as
a legislative body to decide it.
Mr. DAVIS. The objection of the honora-
