2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 66, nays 19, not voting 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Chanler, Cobb, Covode, Driggs, Eliot, I'er-
riss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gravely,
Haight, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Ingersoll, John-
son, Jones,Kelley, Kelsey,Ketcham, Kitchen, Loan,
Loughridge, Lynch,Marshall, McClurg, MoCormiek,
Mercur, Morgan, Morrell, Myers, JNewcomb. Nnnn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perharn, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Robertson, Sawyer, Seofield, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader 0. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
and William B. Washburn—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R.Ashley, Baldwin, Beatty,
Grover, Harding, Higby, Holman, Julian, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence. AVilliam Lawrence, Marvin,
Maynard, Pile, Pruyn, Robinson, Sitgroaves, Van
Trump, and Windoin—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Beelc, Bingham, Boutwcll.Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomall, Buckland, Buir, Butler. Cake, Cary,
Churchill,Reader W. Clarko, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Finney, Fox, Getz, Golladay, Griswold.IIalsey,Haw-
kins, Hill, llotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan,
Mallory, McCarthy, McCiillough, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Peters, Phelps, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price,
Randall, Raum, Ross, Sehenek, Selye, Shanks, Shel-
labarger. Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Stone, Tabor, Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell, Van Aeruam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Wellcer, Thomas Williams. Wil-
liam Wiiiams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—104.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
there is no decision by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Ml-. IIOIjMAN. Is it in order to move that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Friday next?
The SPEAKER. It is not; it requires a
quorum to do that.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
thereupon (at two o'clock and five minutes p.
ni.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By the SPEAKER: The petition of the
Workingmen's Union of Tennessee, for the
abolishment of the national banks and the
Eayment of the principal of the United States
onds in greenbacks.
By Mr. HIGKBY: The petition of John II.
Garges, for compensation.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of H. S. Mayo
and others, of La Fayette, Indiana, praying for
reduction of Government expenses and conse-
quent reduction of national taxes.
Also, the petition of Robert Simpson, in ref-
erence to foreign emigration.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 20, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyjtton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
jiellciiant marine.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1101) in relation to
the merchant marine of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHxlNLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mouth of the mississippi.
Mr. EGGLESTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, by unanimous consent, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 59-1) to take posses-
sion of the bar known as Pass it 1'Outre, at the
entrance of the Mississippi river, and to con-
struct a canal without any expense to the Gov-
ernment, and moved that the same be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce, and
printed.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
albert st. orbs.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1102) to reimburse
Albert St. Ores, of Guallala, in the State of
California, for certain expenditures in the
recruiting service in the year 1862; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national capital publishing company.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1103) to incorpo-
rate theNational Capital Publishing Company;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mendocino indian reservation.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
present the resolutions of the Legislature of
California, asking that the Mendocino Indian
reservation be abandoned and the lands be
opened for preemption.
Mr. ROSS. 1 object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
adjournment till saturday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that the officers of the House have informed
him that they have the matting and chairs, &c.,
ready to put the Hall in the usual summer garb.
The Chair is doubtful if there is a quorum of
the House in the city.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will first hear the statement of the
Chair.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state that he is doubtful if there is a quorum
of the House in the city, and it is therefore for
the House to determine as to what action it
will take, whether it will adjourn from day to
day or adjourn W,er.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. THOMAS. Why not move to adjourn
till Monday?
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done un-
der the Constitution. Saturday is the longest
time to which the House can adjourn.
Mr. PILE. Can we adjourn till Saturday
without a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of
the House, it can be done by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would it not be in order
to have the same understanding that was sug-
gested yesterday by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Thomas,] that immediately on the
meeting of the House on Saturday it shall
adjourn till Monday?
The SPEA KER. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Higry] shall be
agreed to, the Chair will then state that sug-
gestion by itself. Less than a quorum can,
however, adjourn from Saturday to Monday ;
but it requires unanimous consent to adjourn
from to-day till Saturday without a quorum.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the House will not
adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Kelsey] objects.
Mr. KELSEY. it is intimated that we shall
have business here coming from the managers,
important business to transact.
Mr. INGERSOLL. We had better notify the
managers that >ve are sitting here ready for
business, and not keep the House waiting.
Mr. HIGBY. I insist upon my motion.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Higby, that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Saturday next. _
The question was taken 5 and upon a division
there were—ayes 42} noes 15 j no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Higby and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 52, noes 28;
no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Higby] is first in
order, being amotion to fix the day to which the
House shall adjourn. Upon that motion the
yeas and nays have been called.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I moved
to adjourn because I am satisfied that we can-
not get a quorum here to do business to-day.
I am as anxious as any man can be to get at
work on the appropriation hills, but we cannot
do it without a quorum.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Higby ; and there were—yeas 44, nays 42,
not voting 103 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bailey, Baldwin, Bea-
man. Beatty, Blair, Bromwell, Brooks, Chanler,
Reader W.Clarke,Donnelly,Eldridge,Glossbrenner,
Golladay, Grover, llaight, Higby, Holman, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kelley, Knott, George V. Lawrence,
MeCormick, Mcrcur, Morgan, Morrell, ^Nicholson,
Nunn,O'Neill, Poland,Robinson,lloss, Schenck, Sit-
greaves, Thomas, Ljlwrcnce S. Trimble, Van Trump,
OadwaladerC. Washburn.Elihu B.Washburne, Henry
1>. Washburn, John T. Wilson, and Windom—4-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos 11. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Blaine, Cobb, Covode, Drigpcs, Eggleston,
Eliot, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Harding, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hunter, ingersoli, Keisey, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz, Latlin.Loughridge, Marvin, McClurg, New-
comb, Paine, Peiham. Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
llaum, Robertson, Sawyer, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Taffe, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
and William B. Washburn—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham. Boutwell, Boyer,
Broomall, Buokland, Burr, Butler. Cake, Cary,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gris-
wold, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard,Chester D. Hubbard,Richard D.Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Jenokcs, Judd, Kerr, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCullough. Millor,
Meore, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen,
Myers, Niblack, Orth, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn. Randall, Seofield, Selye. Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taylor, John Trimble,
Twichell, Van Aeruam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van
Horn, Von Wjck, Ward,Welker, Thomas Williams,
Wiiliani W illiams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—103.
The SPEAKER, upon announcing the vote,
said, the motion to adjourn till Saturday next
is lost, because it requires a quorum to adjourn
over one day.
Mr. COVODE. Is it in order, in order to
make up a quorum, to count those members
who are absent on committees authorized to
sit during the sessions of the House?
_ The SPEAKER. It is not. They have a
right to vote at any time before the result of
the vote is announced whether they were pres-
ent belore the last name on the roll was called
or came in afterward ; but they must be present
and vote in order to be counted.
leave of ab3exce.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Bailey and Mr. Robixkox.
Indefinite leave of absence was also granted
to Mr. Lixcolx and Mr. Pruyx, on account
of sickness; to Mr, IIolmax, on account of
