18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Cong. .. .2d Sess.
Admiral Tamandar6 of kid orders to proceed
to Asuncion lor the purpose of placing the
United States minister at his post.
Objection was made to the passage of the
Sbamokin through the lines of his squadron
by the Brazilian admiral, who was without
instructions from his Government, but when
informed by Commander Crosby that force
alone would prevent the execution of his orders
the Shamokin was allowed to proceed, under
protest, to Cumpayti, beyond the line of the
blockade, from whence, after the customary
preliminary salutes of the Paraguayan llag, a
letter was sent to President Lopez. Obstruc-
tions in the river made it dangerous to proceed
further and the minister was there landed, 'l'he
Shamokin immediately withdrew from the line
of the belligerents. Although objection was
made to the passage of the Shamokin, in order
that it should not serve as a precedent, the
most friendly relations were maintained by the
American and Brazilian otlicers.
.Rear Admiral Godon during the month of
April visited, in the Wasp, the towns on the
Uruguay river as far as Concepcion, the capi-
tal of the province of Entre Kios. The prev-
alence of cholera prevented him from carrying
out his design of proceeding as far at least as
Rosario.
Early in January the Kansas, Commander
Wells, left Montevideo for a cruise on the west
coast of Africa. This vessel visited the Cape
of Good Hope, St. Paid de Loando, Benguela,
and Little Pish bay. No American slavers
were heard of at any of those points, and from
English officers, mot with along the coast, and
from the Governors of Loando and St. Helena,
information direct was received that the shame-
ful traffic has virtually ceased. One vessel, a
small brig without name or flag, and without
human cargo, had been captured by an Eng-
lish steamer and sent to St. Helena and con-
demned.
NOIITII PACIFIC SQUADRON.
The North Pacific squadron remains in com-
mand of Rear Admiral H. lv. Thatcher, and is
composed of the following vessels :
Pensacola, (flag-skip)  20 guns.
Saranac  11
Lackawanna  7 44
Ossipce  0 44
Itcsaca  8 "
Mohican  7 44
Suwariee  10 "
Mohongo   10 "
Saginaw    0
Jamestown, (store and hospital ship.) 
Cyanc, (store and hospital ship.)
These vessels have been employed during the
year in watching and protecting the persons
and property of our countrymen and the wel-
fare and interests of the United States in Mex-
ico and on the isthmus, where war and internal
difficulties and disturbances have been thicat-
ening, or have to a great extent prevailed.
I hey have also boon engaged m surveying and
exploring the North Pacific ocean,' and in
Visiting our recently acquired possessions in
the north. Along the coast of Mexico, from
Acapulco to the ports in the Gulf of California,
which has been the field of operations of the
ilrencli against the Mexican republic, one or
more of the vessels of this squadron have been
constantly cruising or in port, as the interests
ofour countrymen seemed to require.
1 lie Lackawanna since her arrival in the
Pacific luis been most of the time cruising
among the^ Sandwich islands, a locality of
gieat and increasing interest and importance.
In May she visited the French Frigate shoals
*• a'id brought to Honolulu twenty-seven of the
officers and crew of the Daniel Wood, an
American whale-ship which had been wrecked.
Recently she has been engaged in examining
and surveying the islands, reefs, and reported
dangers which lie northwesterly from the Sand-
wich group toward Japan. Many of them have
not been surveyed, nor their positions reliably
established. The acquisition of Russian Amer-
ica will call for moie extensive operations oil
the part of this squadron, and, in connection
with our increasing commerce with Japan and
China, and the rising importance of the States
on the Pacific, a more thorough exploration
and survey of the North Pacific ocean is
necessary.
Information in regard to the newly acquired
territory is wanted, and early in the season
Rear Admiral Thatcher was instructed to send
one or more of our naval vessels to visit the
most important points, to cruise among the
islands, and report in detail in regard to the
topographical and hydrographical condition of
the country, its harbors, productions, fisheries,
timber, and other resources. The transfer of
the territory was consummated at so late a
period that but little can be accomplished until
another season.
In conformity with instructions previously
given, the Ossipee, Captain Emmons, was
detailed to convey I he commissioners to Alaska,
and General llousseau and Captain Pestehou-
l'uff, the Russian commissioner, left San Fran-
cisco in that vessel 011 the 27th of September
for Sitka.
It became necessary last spring to order the
Jamestown, then stationed at Panama, to a
northern climate, as many of her crew were
prostrated with fever, and several cases term-
inated fatally. 'The llesaea, which succeeded
tlic Jamestown at Panama, became similarly
affected, and both vessels proceeded from San
Francisco to Sitka in the month of August.
SOUTH PACIFIC SQUADRON.
Rear Admiral George F. Pearson was re-
lieved of the command of the South Pacific
squadron by Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren
011 the 12th of December last at Panama, lint
a single change has been made in this squad-
ron during the year—the detachment of the
storeship Farallones. It consists at this time
of the—
Powhatan, (flag-ship)  17 guns.
Tuscarora  10
Dacotah.  7 "
W'jif.orfie  1(3 "
Nyack  0 "
Frcdonia, (store-ship.)
The continuation of the war between Spain
and the republics of Chili and Pent, though
not prosecuted with much activity, has in some
measure limited the operations of this squad-
ron and rendered it. expedient that the vessels
should remain chiefly 011 the coast and in the
ports of the republics. The progress of these
international difficulties has been watched with
interest by Rear Admiral Dahlgren, who has
been prepared to furnish whatever aid and
protect ion our citizens needed and which the
law justified. Ho has also cooperated with
Rear Admiral Thatcher in preserving the safety
of transit over the isthmus. The limits of this
squadron, which extend westward to Australia,
embrace a vast field for naval exploration and
cruising, and might occupy the officers and
vessels usefully and with advantage to our
commercial interests were they not required in
particular localities. 'The Tusearora has in
fact been engaged for a portion of the year in
visiting Tahiti and some others of the Society
islands. At the Fejee islands Captain Stanley
cooperated with the vice consul in measures
to seciue the payment of awauls made in 1805
and 1858 to certain citizens of the United
States for injuries and losses sustained from
acts of the natives.
The disturbed and revolutionary condition
of affairs in Colombia, in May and June led
to serious apprehensions that a civil war would
prevail throughout the republic. At Panama
some movements toward increased and unlaw-
ful taxation caused dissatist'action among the
foreign merchants, and a public meeting was
held by the consuls and commanders of ves-
sels of war, at which a remonstrance against
the alleged .illegal proceedings was adopted.
After some correspondence a compromise was
effected, by which the merchants at Panama
and Colon (Aspinwail) consented to pav then-
regular tax three months in advance, without
any increase.
Commander Bradford, who was at Panama
in the Besaca when these difficulties took place,
was vigilant and prompt in attending to tho
interests of our citizens, and in advising tho
department of what transpired. The com-
manders-in-chief of both the North and South
Pacific squadrons, as well as Rear Admiral
Palmer on the Atlantic coast, were informed
of the unsettled condition of affairs, and in-
structed to be vigilant in guarding the persons
and property of our citizens in that quarter, to
attend to tho safety and security of passengers
and merchandise crossing the isthmus, and, for
the time being, to have a suitable naval force
in that vicinity in anticipation of. and to guard
against, serious disturbance, which might be
injurious to American interests, but not to
interfere in the controversy in a manner to
involve the Government or to violate neutrality.
Happily, the difficulties passed away and a
civil revolution was effected without much in-
ternal commotion or foreign complications.
SPECIAL SERVICE.
In my last annual report it was stated that
the steam frigate Susquehanna was 011 special
service, having been ordered to convey our
minister and Lieutenant General Sherman to
Vera Cruz. The then unsettled condition of
affairs in Mexico, and especially in and about
Vera Cruz, prevented the mission from land-
ing, and the Susquehanna returned with them
to tho United States. It was deemed import-
ant, however, to continue one or more of our
naval vessels at Vera Cruz until the foreign
troops then in that country had embarked and
tranquillity was restored to the republic.
information having been received from Cap-
tain W. II. Russell, of the merchant ship Cul-
tivator, that his ship had struck heavily several
times 011 a shoal not laid down upon any chart,
about twenty miles to the westward of George's
shoal, his vessel drawing twenty-two and a
half l'ect of water at the tunc, the Department
sent the United States steamer Don, Com-
mander Ralph Chandler, to search for and,
if found, to purvey this obstruction to naviga-
tion. Tho shoal was discovered, and was
found to extend about five miles in a southeast
and northwest direction, and the soundings on
it to vary from three to nine fathoms. 'The
soundings in the vicinity of the shoal change
from fifty to fourteen fathoms, and its approach
is only indicated by the breakers or rips,which
in clear weather are visible for several miles.
As this shoal lies directly in the track of ves-
sels bound to and from Europe, it is not im-
probable that some of the vessels whose fate
is unknown may have here struck, and in
heavy woatlier have gone to pieces. The sur-
vey made by Commander Chandler was pub-
lished at the hydrographic office in June lust.
The Sacramento, Captain Collins, which was
mentioned in my last annual report as being
011 special sei vice, and which has been wrecked'!
as is elsewhere noticed, visited the inland of
Madeira; the Canary islands: the Cape de
Verde islands; Monrovia; Cape Pahnas,
Axim ; St. George del Jlina, Dutch Guinea*
<.CoraVh,Jel!a Cofl>"> I'l-ince's i.-hu,d; i-laud
of St. 1 hoinas ; St. Paul de Loando ; St. Plnln,
de Lenguela; Elephant bay ; Little l'i-h hor ;
Sal. anlm bay ; Cape Town ; Mauritius: Point
de Guile and Trmcomalie, Cevlon Poudi-
cherry, Coromandel coast, and Madras. Vhilo
at Monrovia, Captain Collins, at the lvm-.est of
I resident Earner, of Liberia, called a council
ol the head men of certain unfriendly tribe- in
the vicinity, and endeavored to persuade them
by concessions and conciliation to make a lust-
ing peace.
The graduating class at the Naval Academ v
this year was larger than usual, and as in-urfr
all tne vessels needing midshipmen were 011
foreign service, the Minnesota. Com,rod,,-e
James Aulen, was put in commission i'<>- t;n>
purpose of giving the midshipmen insir.u tion
in the hr.it duties of naval otlicers after Gradu-
ating, ot enabling them to see forei"n\lock-
