m
SUPPLEMENT TO
Went's guilt under the articles presented by the
House of Representatives for usurpations of
power not delegated by the Constitution, and
for violation and obstruction of the laws of the
laud, and so guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors in his office, which, as a remedy for
the present disorders which afflict the nation
consequent upon them, and for the future se-
curity against the abuse of executive authority,
demand, in harmony with the provisions of the
Constitution, his removal from office.
HON
OPINION
OF
RICHARD YATES.
It is difficult to estimate the importance of
this trial. Not in respect merely to the exalted
position of the accused, not alone in the fact
that, it is a trial before the highest tribunal
known among us, the American Senate, upon
charges preferred by the immediate Represent-
atives of the sovereignty of the nation, against
the President of the United States, alleging
the commission by him of high crimes and mis-
demeanors ; it is not alone in these respects
that the trial rises in dignity and importance,
but because it presents great and momentous
issues, involving the powers, limitations, and
duties of the various Departments of the Gov-
ernment, affecting the very form and structure
of the Government, and the mightiest interests
of the people, now and in the future.
It has been aptly termed the trial of the Con-
stitution. Constructions of our Constitution
and laws here given and precedents established
by these proceedings will be quoted as standard
authorities in all similar trials hereafter. We
have here at issue, before this highest judicial
tribunal, in the presence of the American peo-
ple and of the civilized world, whether our
Constitution is to be a landmark to the citizen,
aguide to the statesman, andauthoritative over
the magistrate, or whether this is a land of
anarchy, crime, and lawless usurpation. It is
a trial "which challenges the broadest compre-
hension of the statesman, the highest intellect
and clearest discrimination of the jurist, and
the deepest solicitude of the patriot. Its issues
are to be determined by clearly ascertaining the
duties and powers of the coordinate branches
of the Government, all jealous of encroach-
ments upon their functions, and all in danger
if one shall usurp powers which by virtue of
the Constitution and laws belong to others.
Although it seems to mo that no man of
honest judgment and true heart can have a
possible doubt as to the guilt of the respondent
in this cause, and although he has long since
been indicted and found guilty in the judgment
and conscience of the American people of a
giant apostacy to his party—the party of Amer-
ican nationality and progress—and of a long
series of atrocious wrongs and most daring
and flagrant usurpations of power, and for
three years has thrown himself across the path
of the country to peace and a restored Union,
and in all his oilicial acts has stood forth with-
out disguise, a bold, bad man, the aider and
abettor of treason, and an enemy of his coun-
try; though (his is the unanimous verdict of
the loyal popular heart of the country, yet I
shall strive to confine myself, in the main, to
a consideration of the issues presented in the
first three articles. Those issues are simply :
whether in the removal of Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretary of War, and the appointment of Lo-
renzo Thomas Secretary of War ad interim,
on the 21st day of February, 1808, the Presi-
dent willfully violated the Constitution of the
United States, and the law entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,''
in force March 2, 1867.
Upon the subject of appointments to civil
office the Constitution is very explicit. The
proposition may be definitely stated that the
President cannot, during the session of the
Senate, appoint any person to office without
the advice and consent of the Senate, except
inferior officers, the appointment of whom
may, by law, be vested in the President. The
following is the plain letter and provision of
the Constitution defining the President's power
of appointment to office :
"Ho shallhave power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United States whose
appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and
which shall be established by law; but the Congress
may by law vest the appointment of such inferior
officers as they think proper in the President alone,
in the courts of law, or iu the heads of Departments. '
Is it not plain, very plain, from the first
clause above set forth, that the appointment
of a superior officer, such as a Secretary of
War, or the head of any Department cannot be
made during the session of the Senate without
its advice and consent? It is too clear for
argument that the Constitution does not confer
the prerogative of appointment of any officer
upon the President alone during sessions of
the Senate, and that he can only appoint infe-
rior officers even, by virtue of laws passed by
Congress, so that the appointment of a head
of a Department cannot be made without the
concurrence of the Senate, unless it can be
shown that such appointment is, in the words
of the Constitution, •'otherwise provided for;"
and it is not pretended that any such other
provision can be shown.
The framera of the Constitution wisely im-
posed this check upon the President to secure
integrity, ability, and efficiency in public offi-
cers, and to prevent the appointment of men
who, if appointed by the President alone, might
be his mere instruments to minister to the pur-
poses of his ambition.
I maintain that Congress itself cannot pass
a law authorizing the appointment of any offi-
cer, excepting inferior officers, without the
advice and consent of the Senate, it being in
session at the time of such appointment. It is
just as competent for Congress, under the
clause which I have i-ead, to invest the Presi-
dent with the power to make a treaty without
the concurrence of two thirds of the Senate,
which is, as all agree, inadmissible. Any law
authorizing the class of appointments just men-
tioned, without the Senate's concurrence, would
be just as much a violation of the constitutional
provisions which I have read as would a law
providing that the President should not nom-
inate the officer to the Senate at all. No
appointment is complete without the two acts—
nomination by the President and confirmation
by the Senate.
I think my colleague [Mr. Trumbull] had
not well considered when he made the state-
ment in his argument that " the Constitution
makes no distinction between the power of the
President to remove during the recess and the
sessions of the Senate.''
The clause of the Constitution which I shall
now quote shows very clearly that the power
of the President to fill vacancies is limited to
vacancies happening during the recess of the
Senate:
"The Piesident shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall expire
at tile cud ot their next session."
His power to fill vacancies during the recess,
without the advice and consent of the Senate
at the time, proceeds from the necessity of the
case, because the public service would suffer
unless the vacancy is filled; but even in this
case the commission of the temporary incum-
bent is to expire at the end of the next session
of the Senate, unless the Senate, during said
next session, shall have consented to his ap-
pointment. The reason of this limitation upon
the President to the filling of vacancies hap-
pening during the recess, and why he cannot
appoint during the session of the Senate with-
out consent, is clearly because the Senate,
being in session, may at the time of the nom-
ination give its advice and consent. The pro-
vision that " the President shall have power
to fill all vacancies during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall
expire at the end of the next session,'' excludes
the conclusion that he may create vacancies
and fill them during the session and without
the concurrence of the Senate. If this view
is not correct, it would seem 'that the whole
provision of the Constitution on this point is
meaningless and absurd.
The conclusion of the whole matter is, that
if the President issued an order for the removal
of Mr. Stanton and the appointment of Thomas,
without the advice and consent of the Senate,
it being then in session, then he acted in pal-
pable violation of the plain letter of the Con-
stitution, and is chargeable with a high misde-
meanor in office. The production of his own
order removing Stanton, and of his letter of
authority to Thomas, commanding him to take
possession of the "War Office, are all the proofs
necessary to establish his guilt. And when it
appears, as it. does most conclusively in the
evidence before us, that he not only did not
have the concurrence of the Senate, but its
absolute, unqualified dissent, and that he was
notified of that dissent by a certified copy of a
resolution to that effect, passed by the Senate,
under all the forms of parliamentary delibera-
tion, and that he still willfully and defiantly
persisted, and does still persist in the removal
of Mr. Stanton, and to this day stubbornly
retains Thomas as a member of his Cabinet,
then who shall say that he has not wickedly
trampled the Constitution under his feet, and
that he does not justly deserve the punishment
due to his great offense?
That the facts stated are proved and substan-
tially admitted in the answer of the President
to article first will not be denied by the coun-
sel for the respondent nor by his apologists on
the floor of the Senate.
The next question to which I invite attention
is whether the President has intentionally
violated the law and thereby committed a
misdemeanor. Blackstone defines a misde-
meanor thus:
" A crime or misdemeanor is an act committed or
omittedm violation of apublic law either forbidding
or commanding it."
Misdemeanor in office, and misbehavior in
office, or official misconduct mean the same
thing. Mr. Madison says, in Elliott's Debates,
that—
"The wanton removal of meritorious officers would
subject him [the President! to impeachment and
reniovf.1 Irom his own high trust."
Chancellor Kent, than whom no man living
or dead ever stood higher as an expounder of
constitutional law, whose commentaries are
recognized in all courts as standard authority,
and whose interpretations are themselves
almost laws in our courts, says, in discussing
the subject of impeachment:
" The Constitution has rendered him [the President]
directly amenable by law for maladministration. The
inviolability of any officer of the Government is
incompatible with the republican theory as well as
with the principles of retributive justice.
" If the President will U::e the authority of hi?
station to violate the Constitution or law of the land,
the House of Representatives can arrest him in his
career I ,y resorting to the power of impeachment."—
1 Kent's Com., 289.
Story, of equal authority as a commentator
on the Constitution, says:
"In examining the parliamentary history'of im-
peachments, it will be lound that many offenses not
easily definable by law, and many of a purely polit-
ical character, have been deemed high crimes and
misdemeanors worthy of this extraordinary remedy."
Judge Curtis, one of the distinguished coun-
sel for the respondent in this case, said in lf>t>2:
" The President is the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, not only by force of the Constitu-
tion, but under and subject to the Constitution, aad
to every restriction therein contained, and to every
law enacted by its authority, as completely and
clearly as the private in the ranks. He is (ieneral-
in-Chief; but can a General-in-Chief disobey any Imp
of his own country? When he can he superadds to his
rifjhts as commander the powers of a usurper, and that
is military despotism/' ' "the
mere authority to command an army is not an authority
to disobey the laics of his country.
"Besides, all the powers of the President are execu-
tive merely. He cannot make a law. He cannot
repeal one. He can only execute the laws. He can
neither make nor suspend nor alter them. Ho can-
not even mako an article of war."
