134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
mer of 1862, and he was summarily dismissed
by order of the Secretary of War on the 3d
day of July. He was never tried by court-
martial, and I believe there is no record on
file which had the approval of the President.
I wish to know if this bill would stop an appli-
cation now pending to remove that stigma and
permit him to have an honorable discharge.
Mr. GARFIELD. My colleague will see
that this bill does not touch such a case at all.
It is confined exclusively to cases where the
officer was tried by general court-martial and
the finding regularly and formally approved
dismissing him or cashiering him. It would
not touch the case of an officer who was dis-
missed by summary,process, and therefore the
case to which the gentleman refers would not
be in the slightest degree affected by it.
Mr. MUNGEN. The point is whether an
order of the Secretary of War is not of as high
authority as the decision of a court-martial.
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; that case does
not He within the range of this bill at all. At
the suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr.AiO«AN] I am now willing that the bill
shalfbe recommitted.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the instruc-
tions to be given to the committee on the re-
commitment so as to require them to insert in
the bill a proviso that it shall not be so con-
strued as to prevent the President from remov-
ing the stigma from the name of an officer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
as moving instructions to the committee. .
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I only move to
recommit the bill.
Mr. PAINE. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was then recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
tub fenian trials.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave to present a letter
from the Secretary of State in answer to a
resolution of the House, and ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows;
Department or Stati, December 10,1867.
Hon. N. P. Bakes, Chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, Howe of Jlepresentativei:
I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 9th instant, accompanied by a copy
of a resolution passed by the House of Represeuta-
tiYes November 25, 1867, calling for information in
relation to the trial and conviction of American citi-
zens in Great Britain.
In reply I have the honor to inform you that as it
is not usual or in conformity with law to remove such
papers from the archives of the Department, it will
bo necessary to have them copied. This, with all the
diligence which may be used by the extra force which
will bo required for the purpose, will consume much
time, as tho documents are very voluminous.
I hare the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
W. H. SEWABD.
Mr. BANKS. I move the reference of the
letter to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
may say in aflditioa to what is said in tie
letter, that the Secretary supposes that at the
meeting of Congress after the recess the papers
will be ready.
Mr. Banks's motion was agreed to.
extra pat op government employes.
Mr. WELKER. I am instructed by the joint
Committee on Retrenchment to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Hetolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury, the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Interior, the
Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of State, the
Postmaster General, the Attorney General, the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, and the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture be directed to furnish to this
House the aggregate amountof the twenty per cent,
allowance to theclerks and employes of their respect-
ive Departments for the year ending June 30, 1867,
under tho act of Congress authorizing the payment
thereof.
Mr. ROBINSON. Does that refer to the
Treasury Department?
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the
joint Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. ROBINSON. Ought not these matters
to go to the different committees on the ex-
penditures of the Departments ? Is this a gen-
eral committee?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Re-
trenchment has general jurisdiction of this
subject, while the several Committees on the
expenditures of the different Departments have
specific jurisdiction.
Mr. ROBINSON. Iintendedatsometimeto
bring up this subject. Either these committees ;
should be abolished or this general committee
should not take the whole of these matters
into consideration.
The SPEAKER. These committees on the
expenditures of the various Departments have
had referred to them such portions of the Pres-
ident's message and accompanying documents
as relate to their duties.
Mr. WELKER. I do not see any difficulty
growing out of this resolution. It simply asks
for information. I was directed by the com-
mittee to report this resolution and ask for its
adoption. The information when received will
go to all these other committees as well as to
ours. Of course we do not propose to assume
exclusive jurisdiction of this question, or at all
to interfere with these other committees. i
Mr. ROBINSON. When this subject comes ,
up on the reply to this resolution I will have 1
something to say. i
The resolution was then adopted. {
b. b. french. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported back
the petition of B. B. French for an allowance
for services rendered in the office of Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings after said office was
by law abolished, with a recommendation that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the same be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The recommendation of the commityee was
concurred in.
adverse reports.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported adversely upon the petition for the
relief of Aquilla Lock wood, the petition in the
case of Samuel Strong, and the petition of Mrs.
Jane Nave, with a recommendation that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and tfiat they be laid
on the table.
The recommendation of the comnlittee was
concurred in.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote fast
taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
the memorial of N. M. D. Lathrop, the peti-
tion of Mary E. Seay, and the memorial of five
hundred inhabitants of the town of Chambers-
burg, praying for an appropriation to reim-
burse them for damages done by the rebel
General McCausland, with a recommendation
that the committee be discharged from their
further consideration, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The recommendation of the committee was .
concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote last taken; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of D. S.
Beckstressor, with a recommendation that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the same be laid on the
table.
The recommendation of the committee was
concurred in.
indian lands in kansas.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Remhoed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform this House whether the title to the
Indian lands in the State of Kansas have been ex-
tinguished,orwhat part thereof; when thesamewere
so extinguished: who purchased said lands; at what
price; whether the sale thereof was publicly adver-
tised, or in what mannerwere they disposed of; also,
if any wore sold by contract to furnish copies of the
same.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill of tho
Senate No. 143, to change the name of Sam-
uel Chase Barney, jr., to that of Samuel Chase
DeKrafft; and that the Senate had agreed to
the amendment of the House to the title of
said bill, with the following amendment: amend
said amendment so that the title of the act
shall be "An act to provide for the changing
of names of persons in the District of Colum-
bia," in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed the following reso-
lution^ in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Setolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the select committee of the
two Houses to revise and equalize the pay of the
employes of each House be authorized to report by
bill, joint resolution, or rule such provisions or regu-
lations as may be necessary or proper for rearrang-
ing and defining the duties of officers or persons em-
ployed by each House or under their joint authority,
for reducing the number of such employes, and gen-
erally lor securing a reduction of the expenses and
the more economical expenditure of the contingent
fund of the House.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the acting Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of the 9th instant, certain
papers in relation to the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and the San Fran-
cisco and San Jos6Railroad Company; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
washington monument.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a memorial of the Washington Monument So-
ciety, praying for national aid to complete the
Washington Monument; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
union pacific railway.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to i-ntroduce for reference a bill
in aid of the Union Pacific Railway Company,
eastern division, supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri'
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to
the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the resting of the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but
was interrupted by
Mr. PIKE, who said : I object to the intro-
duction of this bill, because . I do not wish
further time consumed now in reading it.
circuit court at erie, pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill providing for holding a circuit
court at the city of Erie, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
personal explanations.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Rules bs
instructed to report a rule that will confine members
who obtain leave to make personal explanations to
the legitimate objects of a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object.
order of busines8.
Mr. BANKS. . I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House Resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the President's annual message, on
