1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3567
debated, and laid aside at the request of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.} He
has now, I understand, no objection to it, and
I ask that it be taken up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very desirable that
the bill relating to the removal of causes from
the State courts to the United States courts
should be taken up and passed to-day, if it is
to be passed at all; but 1 presume this resolu-
tion will occupy but a moment.
Mr. MORGAN. It will occupy no time, I
think.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very desirous to move
an executive session for some fifteen or twenty
minutes, in order to act on a certain matter. ^ I
have a note from the Department of State in
my hands expressing a great interest in a mat-
ter which is now pending before the Senate in
executive session and inviting immediate action
upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. That can afford to wait.
There is no need of that.
Mr. MORGAN. I think we had better pass
this joint resolution. It will take no time.
Mr. SUMNER. I will not interfere with the
Senator.
The motion of Mr. Morgan was agreed to ;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 94) directing the Secretary of
the Treasury, whenever any State shall have
been or may be in default for the payment of
interest or principal on investments in its stocks
or bonds held by the United States in trust, to
retain the moneys due to such States from the
United States.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
understand the force of the resolution that is
before the Senate. My impression is, however,
as I heard it read, that it may, perhaps, affect
some of the interests of the State of Indiana,
and I should like to have it read again.
The Chief Clerk again read the joint resolu-
tion, as follows:
That whenever any State shall have been, or may
be, in default of the payment ofinterest or principal
on investments in its stocks or bonds held by the Uni-
ted States in trust, it shall bo the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to retain the whole, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, of any moneys duo on
any account from the United States to such State,
and to apply the same to the payment of such prin-
pal and interest, or either, or to the reimbursement
of any sum of money advanced by the United States
on account of such interest.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I Lope that resolution
will not pass without some further considera-
tion. The Government of the United States
holds some of the bonds of the State of Indi-
ana, issued about the year 1836. She has, as
I understand, withheld upon these bonds the
per cent, which was due to the State of Indi-
ana upon the sales of the public lands within
that State. I never knew that it had been pro-
posed before that any other claims the State of
Indiana may have upon the Government for
advances should be withheld fromthese bonds.
The truth is that the Government of the United
States ought to acquiesce in the adjustment of
the indebtedness of the State of Indiana made
between her and her creditors in 1846. This
bill will make itimpossible, perhaps, to secure
such an adjustment between the State and
General Government. I know of no present
necessity for the passage of it. I do not know
enough about the measure to say very much,
but I think it is not called for.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, this joint
resolution differs but in one particular from
a law that was passed in 1845. Whenever a
State does not pay the interest on its bonds in
the possession of the General Government,
and the Government is indebted to that State
for any purpose, the accounting officers now
feel authorized to retain, and do infact retain,
the money due by the State to the General
Government; but inasmuch as the power to
do that has been disputed, they ask for the
passage of a measure of this kind. I send to
the desk a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior explaining the whole matter fully, and
ask that it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
DErAKTMKN'T OP THE INTERIOR.
Washington, D. G..danuarn 27,18G8.
Sib: I have the honor to submit for the considera-
tion of the Finance Committee the accompanying
draft of a joint resolution.
It differs but in one particular from a resolution
aproved March 3,1845, (Statutes-at-Lar^e, vol. 5, p.
801.) The latter directed the retention by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of moneys due to adefaulting
State on account of the percentage of proceeds of the
the public lands lying within her limits. This reso-
lution makes it-his duty to withhold any moneys due
to such State from the United States on any account
whatever.
The propriety of the original legislation has never
been questioned. Its terms were limited, as at the
time of its passage no moneys were due from the Gen-
eral Government to any State, except on account of
such proceeds. It was in keeping with the provisions
of an act approved September 4,1841, (St. Id., p. 453)
giving to certa.n States ten per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of thesaies of public lands within their respect-
ive limits. The fourth section provides that money
due to any State on account of such proceeds should
be first applied to the payment of any debt due and
payablefrom such State to the United States.
"Without such special provision it may be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, or of the ac-
counting officers, in adjusting a claim by a State
against the United States, to ascertain and withhold
the sum due from the former to the latter. To relieve
the subject of all doubts, I respectfully suggest,
however, that a positive legislative direction in the
premises, such as the joint resolution contemplates,
should be given.
This Department is the depository of a large amount
of overdue State bonds which the United States hold
in trust for certain Indian tribes. The annually-ac-
cruing interest for many years was unpaid by the
respective States, but was advanced by Congressfrom
the Treasury.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BROWNING, Secretary.
Hon. Joiix Sherman, Chairman finance Committee,
United States H'tn/'t':'.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there must be
some mistake in that letter. It speaks of a
State receiving ten per cent, on the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands. The largest
amount ever paid to any State was five per cent.
The Clerk either made a mistake in reading
the letter, or the Secretary of the Interior made
one in writing it.
Mr. MORTON. I think it ought to be pro;
vided in this bill that there shall first be an
accounting between the United States and the
State as to what funds or moneys may have been
withheld from the State on account of interest
due on its bonds, or as to what money there
may be in the Treasury due to the State on
account of the sales of public lands. It is my
understanding that for a time what was known
as the two or three per cent, fund which was
due to certain western States through which
the national road ran was withheld from the
States and applied to the interest of their bonds
held by the General Government. Whether
there has ever been a formal settlement on the
books of the Treasury of those accounts I do
not know; but as a matter of justice such de-
ductions should be taken from what the Gov-
ernment owes the States. For example, the
Government owes the State of Indiana a large
silm on account of advances made_ during the
war, and before the gross amount is deducted
from the interest on the State bonds held by
the General Government there should be an
accounting as to what may have been withheld
from the State on account of the sales of the
public lands to pay the interest on these bonds.
In a little time I will prepare an amendment
to that effect, and then I shall make no objec-
tion to the passage of the measure.
Mr. MORGAN. This joint resolution was
laid aside three months ago for the same pur-
pose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is only proposed to be
laid aside informally, to be called up again.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well; if it does not
lose its place I shall not object,
REMOVAL OF CAUSES JltOM STATS COURTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I ask that this matter be
laid aside informally, and the Senate proceed
to consider the bill (S. No. 402) for the re-
moval of causes in certain cases from the State
courts to the United States courts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that bill ought
not to be taken up in the morning hour, It is
not that sort of business which can be disposed
of in a few minutes. It is a bill which ought
to be fully and carefully considered by the
Senate, as it is important in its nature and gen-
eral in its character. It seems to me that what
we have of the morning hour, after disposing
of the regular business, ought to be devoted
to such bills as excite no discussion. This bill
will take up the whole morning hour, and two
or three mornings, in my opinion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to occupy
time on this motion. My friend from Indiana
does not mean that the bill shall ever be taken
up or ever passed. He is opposed to it. The
rest of the committee are in favor of it. It is
just like all the bills that are taken up in the
'morning hour and proceeded with as far as
possible. I do not blame the gentleman for
defeating it in this way if he can, but I hope
the Senate will take it up.
Mr. DAVIS. When the honorable Senator
from Vermont proposed to take up this bill a
few mornings ago he said, with very distinct
emphasis, that there was nothing wrong in it.
I have seen no bill before the Senate at this
session that has more of wrong in it, in my
opinion. If the honorable Senator expects to
pass this bill without discussion he is greatly
mistaken. It is a bill that ought not to pass
for many reasons, and he may expect a stub-
born resistance whenever it comes up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I am ready for
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on
a division—ayes 20, noes 0; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 402) for the
removal of causes in certain cases from the
State courts to the United States courts, the
pending question being on the amendment
raported by the Committee on the Judiciary as
a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the question is
taken, in printing the amendment reported
there is a misprint in the fourth section, which
needs to be corrected ; and so I move to amend
in line three, section four, of the amendment
by inserting after the word " States" the words
i i while in the performance of his official duty'
and in line five, at the beginning of the line,
before the word "every," by inserting the
same words, " while in the performance of his
official duty." These words were in the original
report o£ the bill, but in printing they were
accidentally omitted.
The amendment to the amendment was
&^r66(i to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment reported by the
committee as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this bill pro-
poses to extend very essentially the jurisdiction
of the courts of the United States far beyond
the warrant of the Constitution that creates
and organizes the jurisdiction of the judicial
department of the Government. The bill pro-
vides—■
Tbatwhenever any civil or criminal suit (whether
commenced before or after the passage of this act)
may be pending in any court of any State against any
person, in which suit such person shall intend to make
any defense based upon the authority of any law of
the United States, or upon the authority of any de-
partment of the Government thereof, or upon the
authority of any officer acting under any such law or
department, or upon any right exercised under, or
titleheld in behalf of the United States.such pcrsipn
may, at any time before the final trial in such suit,
in person or by his attorney, file a petition in such
suit, &c,—
for the transfer of the case to a Federal court.
Now, Mr. President, so far as the Constitu-
tion confers jurisdiction upon any of the courts
of the United States, it is already fully in-
vested. The jurisdiction of the courts of the
United States is defined by the Constitution m
a few simple words, and so far as it is denned
and ordained there are existing laws of Con-
gress investing it to its uttermost limit. 1m
measure under consideration proposes far to
transcend the limits of the Constitution. It
provides that if the defense is basedii upon the
