2544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
The SPEAKER. None of these bills will
be brought back by motions to reconsider, if
that, is the general understanding.
I he bill was then read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of' Claims.
JAMBS HOOPER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 436, for the relief of James
Hooper.
The SPEAKER. This bill is in regard to
vessels captured by rebels during the late war.
• The bill was read a first and second' time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
FILING REPORTS OF RAILROAD COMPANIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 450, relative to filing re-
ports of railroad companies; which was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. GAiiFIELD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. ALLISON. This bill relates to the
Pacific railroads, and I think it should be
referred to the Committee oil the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection.
The bill Was accordingly referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
PARKER QUINCE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 452, for the relief of Parker
Quince; which was taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
QUALIFICATION OF JDRORS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 404, in relation to the
qualification of jurors; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
MOSES F. SHINN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 467, to confirm an entry
of land by Moses F. Shinn; which was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN DAN. ELLIS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 474, for the relief of Cap-
tain Dan. Ellis ; which was taken up, and read
a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. This is a bill in relation
to services as a scout.
Mr. PILE. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
II. D. M'KINNEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 476, for the relief of H. D.
MclCinuey; which was read a first and second
time.
The SPEAKER. This is a claim for balance
due on a wood contract.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
CHARLES C. O'NEILL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 477, forthe relief of Charles
C. O'Neill; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
GEORGE B. HALSTEAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 12S, for the
relief of George B. Halstead; which was read
a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. This is for pay as lieu-
tenant.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
CLAIMS FOR A VESSEL IN JAPAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 123, author-
izing the Secretary of State to adjust certain
claims, and directing the payment thereof;
which was read a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. This is about a vessel in
Japan.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
SURVEY OK INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The last bill on the Speaker's table was Sen-
ate bill No. 170, to provide for deficiency of
expenses incurred in the survey of Indian res-
ervations ; which was read a first and second
time.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, the bill was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CHANLER moved .to reconsider the
votes by which the various bills and joint reso-
lutions were referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN PEACE COMMISSION.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tlio Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform the House what, if any, extra
compensation, allowances, or emoluments, either as
mileage, commutation, or expeuscs, or in any other
form, have been allowed toeivil and military officers
who were authorized by the act of Congress ap-
proved July 20, ISfi/, to act as a commission to estab-
lish peace with certain hostile Indian tribes, or to
clerks in their employ who wore at the same time
receiving a fixed salary as clerks ia any executive
department.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DRIGGS, (at
one o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned till
Saturday next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DRIGGS : The papers of James H.
Foster, asking an appropriation to pay him for
balance of salary due as agent of the Govern-
ment, with copy of a bill which passed the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of Emily
li. Reed, for compensation for quartermaster
stores taken for* the use of the United States
Army.
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petition of Mr.
Stoops, praying that a certain road in North
Carolina and Virginia be declared a post route.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of E. S.J. j
Nealley and 35 others, of Bath, Maine, for inv i
provement of Richmond Island harbor, adjacent !
to Cape Elizabeth, on the coast of Maine. j
By Mr._ WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: |
The petition of Emily Miller, for compensa- '•
tion. !
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 21, 1868. ;!
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D. ;!
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of Monday last was dispensed with. jj
presidential approval. jj
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Seere-
tary, announced that the President had, on the !i
19th instant, signed the following bills and joint
resolutions: ;i
A bill (S. No. 410) for the relief of John S.
Cunningham, paymaster Uuited States Navy; ^
A bill (S. No. 462) making appropriations ii
for the expenses of the trial of the impeach- [j
ment of Andrew Johnson and other contingent J
expenses of the Senate for the year ending ii
June r«, 1868, and for other purposes; ji
A bill tS. No. 473) for the relief of Charles
IS. Capehart;
A bill (S. No. 358) providing for the resto-
ration of Lieutenant Commander Trevett Ab-
bott, of the United States Navy, to the active
list of the Navy; _
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) for the
appointment of a commission to select suitable
locations for powder magazines; and
A joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 126) for the
relief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the
14th of April last, information relative to any
application by any party for exclusive privi-
lege in connection with hunting and trading
and the fisheries in Alaska ; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed. •
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the U-nited States, com-
municating a copy of the constitution of the
State of Georgia, framed under the reconstruc-
tion laws: which was referred to the Commit-
tee ou the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating all the papers that have been sub-
mitted to him relating to the formation of con-
stitutions under the reconstruction laws in the
States of North Carolina and Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of December 17, 1867, inform-
ation in reference to the seizure and confisca-
tion of properly under the act of July 17, 1862,
entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to
punish treason and rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposeswhich was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a matter of privilege
of the Senate, and ask to offer a resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose that petitions and
memorials are first in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
in order, but the Senator from Kentucky rises
to a question of privilege, which supersedes
all other things.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the resolution that
I offer be read, and then I will let it lie until
the morning business is over.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whereas there is reason to believe that some per-
sons have been and arc engaged in violating the
rights or privileges of the Senate bv the use of
threats, intimidation, and other unlawful and im-
proper means toward its members to constrain them
in their consideration, action, and judgment in the
matter of the articles of impeachment against ttio
President of the United States now pending before
the Senate as a court ot impeachment: The: et'ore,
IS,: tl resolved, That a committee of thiee, to be
by the fccnate, do proceed to inquire into the
iaets of such imputed threats, intimidation, and other
unlawiul and improper moans atoresuid, ftnd the
names of the person*, if any, using or that have used
them; and that said committee have power to send
for persons and papers, to take evidence, euipjuy a
stenographer, aridiepou the iaets to the Senate,
Mr. DAVIS. I feel it my duty to offer the
resolution, but [ am willing that "it should lie
over informally in order that the morning busi-
ness may be disposed of. °
llie PRhSIDEX 1" pro tempore. It will he
so passed over unless objection be made.
PETITIONS and MiniOJtlALS.
Mr. COXKLING presented a memorial of
underwriters and merchants of New York.
praying that no means be adopted to lessen
the emciency of the Coast Survev; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented a petition of Barney Car-
nej, praying to be allowed a pension: which
was referred to the Committee on Pensious.
,e a'so Presented a petition of Seymour
Pra-inB 10 be relieved from civil dis-
abilities imposed by acts of Congress; whicii
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
