3568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
authority of any law of the United States"
it shall be transferred or may be transferred.
That is very proper. There are existing laws
of Congress that authorize the transfer of any
suit in which the right of the plaintiff or the
defense of the defendant results directly or by
implication from a law of Congress. It is,
therefore, not necessary to pass this bill to give
the right to a party to transfer a case to a Fed-
eral court, either where his claim or his matter
of defense originates under a law of Congress.
Therefore, with a view to produce that result,
this bill is unnecessary, because it is already
fully done by existing laws. But the bill goes
on:
Or upon the authority of any department of the
Government thereof.
1 ask the Senator from Vermont if Congress
can pass a law authorizing the transfer of a
suit brought in a State court to a Federal court
on the ground that the matter of defense rests
upon an order or direction by a department
of the Government? Why, sir, the position
is absurd and unsound in the extreraest degree.
A Department of the Government authorizes
a totally illegal act; it authorizes a subordin-
ate acting under the head of a Department to
do an act of trespass or any other wrong to a
citizen of the United States without any sanc-
tion of Constitution or law whatever ; and this
bill provides that if an officer of the Govern-
ment has been proceeding to act under such
an illegal order of a Department and is sued
for trespass by the party injured, he may set
up that he was performing that act under the
order and direction of a Department, however
illegal and unconstitutional that order of the
head of the Department might be, and that
state of case authorizes and requires the State
court in which such a suit is pending to trans-
fer it at once into the Federal courts.
That is only one class of the wrongful and
enormous cases in which this bill would have
application. There is another:
Or upon the authority of any officer acting under
any such law or Department.
If, then, the head of any Department gives
any arbitrary and illegal order to one of his
subordinates, however that order may conflict
with the Constitution and law, if the subor-
dinate proceeds to do the act by the order and
direction 'of an employ^ and subordinate in any
particular Department, this bill provides that
if he is sued for the wrong or the trespass he
has done he may come into court and file his
petition setting forth that the act was done by
order of a subordinate of any Department of
the Government, and thereupon the State court
is required immediately to order the transfer
of the case into the Federal court.
Sir, a more wrongful or enormous measure
never was introduced into the Congress of the
United States. The honorable gentleman is
active in piling up measures of this character.
He is exceedingly fertile and indefatigable in
presenting them to the consideration of the
Senate and urging with all of his accustomed
zeal and ability their adoption. He and his
friends are now in power; but if the tables
should be turned upon them all the punish-
ment, that could be asked in reason and justice
of him and his friends would be that the dom-
inating party which supersedes his should just
turn upon him and execute inexorably the
measures and the perverted principles which
he is now endeavoring to enforce under the
provision of this and other acts of Congress
that have heretofore been passed.
The honorable Senator is a lawyer and a
constitutional lawyer, and he professes, I sup-
pose, to be guided by the Constitution as the
supreme law of the land, and to square the
legislation of Congress and his own action by
the principles of that instrument. Here, sir,
is the provision of the Constitution that defines
the jurisdiction of the judicial department:
"The judicial power shall extend to all eases, in
law and equity, arising under fiiis Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which
shall be made under their authority; to all cases
afFcctinj; embassadors, other public ministers, anu
consuls; to allcasesof admiralty and maritime juris-
diction ; to controversies to which the United States
shall bo a party: to controversies between two or
more States, between a State and citi'/.ens of another
State, between citizens of different States, between
citixcns of the same State claiming lands under grants
of different States, and between a State, or the citi-
zens thereof, and foreign States, citizens, orsubjccts.
The latter branch of jurisdiction has been
abolished by a special amendment of the Con-
stitution. Now, I ask the honorable Senator
for his authority in the Constitution where a
head of Department for providing that a man
acting under the authority of a head of De-
partment who has committed a trespass against
the rights of a citizen without authority of the
Constitution or the law may transfer that case
from the State courts to a Federal court. For
instance, the head of the War Department does
an act that is without the sanction of Con-
stitution or law, that is in flagrant violation of
both; he presents himself in the position of a
simple trespasser or wrongdoer, and he is liable
to be sued and to be held to the same respons-
ibility with any other trespasser ; but the hon-
orable Senator's measure provides that if the
Secretary of War or any other Secretary com-
mits an act thus without the sanction or author-
ity of the Constitution or law, but in violation
of both, and he ofl-the person by whom he
directs the execution of his order is sued, the
party sued upon filing his petition in the State
court where the suit is brought shall be enti-
tled to have a transfer of the case into the Fed-
eral court. Sir, the Constitution vests juris-
diction in no such case or class of cases in the
Federal judiciary.
The honorable Senator, though, proceeds a
step further. The Secretary may choose not
to become a trespasser in person; he may
direct a subordinate officer of his Department
to execute his order, and in that aspect it
would be a double trespass. The Secretary
would be a trespasser and the person by whom
his order to do the wrong was executed would
be a trespasser also. They would be co-tres-
passers, and would be liable to a joint suit by
the party injured in the State court. The hon-
orable Senator's bill provides that if the case
be presented in that form, where the head of a
Department authorizes one of his subordinates
to do an aet in contravention of the Constitu-
tion and laws of Congress, which amounts to
a naked simple trespass without color of
authority, without the sanction even of an
unconstitutional law of the United States, if
the party thus committing such a flagrant tres-
pass shall be sued in a State court he by filing
his petition is entitled to have the case trans-
ferred into the Federal court to be tried, in
many States, ata great distance from the locality
where the trespass was committed and where
the parties and all the witnesses to the trespass
reside.
The jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States as defined by the Constitution cannot
be enlarged by an act of Congress. The Suprerae
Court has settled that principle again and
again, and no judicial decision was necessary
to settle it. The Supreme Court has original
jurisdiction in eertain classes of cases, and it
has appellate jurisdiction in other classes of
cases, and the Supreme Court has decided that
an act of Congress cannot inercase its appellate
jurisdiction. That court has filed decision
upon decision establishing the principle that
no aet of Congress can enlarge the jurisdiction
of the Federal courts and take them outside
of that jurisdiction that is created and ordained
by the Constitution itself. The honorable Sen-
ator proposes, then, to create two indefinite,
undefined classes of jurisdiction wholly outside
of the provision of the Constitution and of that
jurisdiction in the Federal courts which is cre-
ated by the Constitution. There is no princi-
ple in the provisions of the Constitution estab-
lishing the jurisdiction of the judicial aepart-
j ment that authorizes a case of trespass that
; has originated under the illegal and unconsti-
I tutional act of a head of a Department to be
I transferred to the Federal courts. That is one
! class of the eases for which thfe honorable Sen-
II ator's measure provides; but he is not satis-
fied with that j he goes a bow-shot beyond that
limit, and he provides in the next branch of the
sentence that where an aet is done by anybody
under an order of a Department, or of any per-
son acting under an order of a Department,
without regard to its legality, without regard to
its constitutionality, without regard to the fact
whether it is authorized by any law or has any
color of authority whatever, though it may be
as wanton, as unjust, as violent as a trespass
can be, notwithstanding all these features ot
atrocity and illegality, still the party sued for
such a trespass may, upon his petition, com-
pel the transfer of thecase from the State to
the Federal courts. Sir, the proposition is an
atrocity. There is no warrant for the passage
of a law with such a provision. There is no
warrant for the courts of the United States to
take jurisdiction of the cases provided for in
the language of this bill which 1 have been com-
menting upon.
The fourth section has been mitigated by the
amendment suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator ; but before he proposed that it should be
thus modified, it was the most abhorent attempt
to impose a despotic exercise of power without
authority of Constitution or law that ever was
brought to the contemplation of my miad. I
will read it as it was reported :
That if any person shall willfully and unlawfully
impede, hinder, assault, or beat any officer urfder the
United States, or shall willfully and unlawfully injure
or destroy the property of any such officer, every such
person so offending shall, on conviction thereof, be
punished by a fine not exceeding $5,000, and be impris-
oned not exceeding five years.
Was there ever such a proposition made in
an assembly that professed to be governed by
law? Was there ever anything more atrocious
than this proposition brought to the contem-
plation of civilized man before? All the offi-
cers of the Government of the United States
of every degree or class have this indemnity
thrown around them by the provisions of this
fourth section as it was reported by the com-
mittee. When any man shall unlawfully and
willfully impede, hinder, assault, or beat any
officer under the United States, or injure or
destroy the property of any such offieer, he is
to be subject to the severe penalties denounced
in the section. When a citizen meets with any
officer of the Government of the United States
and is grossly insulted by him, and he strikes
that officer, not in the discharge of the duties
of his office, not ia his office, not in the place
where his duties are to be_ executed, but any-
where, upon the public highway, at the resi-
dence and domicile, ifyouplease, oftheinsulted
man, if that man receives the grossest indig-
nity and personal insult, and he resents it by
striking the man who is covered with the
panoply which is proposed to be manufac-
tured by this bill, the person insulting him
being an officer of the United States, he imme-
diately subjects himself to a penal prosecution
that may bring upon him a line not exceeding
ยง5,000 and imprisonment not exceeding five
years. If that does not create an official oli-
garchy I do not know what measure would.
Take the case of a member of Congress being
insulted by one of the guard or other attend-
ants who are doing duty around this Capitol.
Stung with the insult he strikes the officer.
Then, according to this bill, the officer makes
complaint to Judge Cartter or some other cor-
rupt judge in the District and institutes a crim-
inal proceeding, and that member of Congress
is subject to be arrested and to be tried and
have a judgment passed upon him that may
subject him to the payment of $5,000 fine and
imprisonment for five years.
Sir, how many officers of the United States
are now in being in our vast land? The broad
and correct definition of an officer is every man
who executes any power or any duty under the
Government of the United States; "it makes
no odds whether he is commissioned or not, or
what the class or the creed of his office may
be, whenever a man clothed with the panoply
of an officer of the United States and of this
law commits any trespass upon the property
or upon the person of any citizen the citizen
