1887.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
40xii Cong. ... 2d Sess.
lieport. of the Secreta.ru of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
The increasing number of applicants for
enlistment rendered necessary an increase in
the facilities for instruction, and accordingly
the sloops-of-war Portsmouth and Saratoga
have been put in commission, and, with the
Sabine, will be used exclusively as apprentice
ships. The station of the Sabine is at New
London and vicinity, the Portsmouth will be
in Hampton roads and Chesapeake bay, and
the Saratoga in New York.
SEAMEN.
I have heretofore repeatedly invited atten-
tion to the importance of legislation to improve
the condition of our seamen, both in the naval
and mercantile service, and I again ask a recur-
rence to these suggestions, particularly to those
made in my last annual report. The appren-
tice ships will gradually furnish a class of men
educated to the naval service, and every rea-
sonable inducement should be held out to them
to continue in that branch of sea life in which
they have been trained. The longer a seaman
continues in (he Navy the more valuable he
becomes, and it is worthy of consideration
whether in lieu of the bounty now paid for the
reenlistment of those who have been honorably
discharged, or in addition thereto, an increased
rate of monthly wages may not be advantage-
ously given for every honorable discharge, so
that for those who creditably serve their enlist-
ments the inducement to continue in the Navy
will increase with their years of service, until
finally, when they are entitled to retire upon
half pay for life, after an enlistment of twenty
or more years as now provided by law, their
compensation will be such that their half pay
wiil give them a comfortable support if they
choose to accept it in lieu of a home at the
Naval Asylum.
Additional legislation is also needed to retain
the services of those who voluntarily enlist.
Punishment cannot nowreaeh adeserter except
by the tedious and expensive process of a court-
martial. It is suggested that, a more summary
way to deal with deserters be authorized, and
that they be by law required to serve the full
term of enlistment exclusive of the time tliey
may have absented themselves, as is now pro-
vided for the military service, and that they bo
liable to trial by court-martial even if not
•arrested until after their term of enlistment has
expired.
It is also recommended that for the purposes
of the naval service the age of enlisted persons,
as sworn to at the time of enlistment, shall be
held to be their true age, and that persons who
have declared themselves to be of the requisite
age shall not be discharged by any process of
court, either Stale or Federal.
EXAMINATION OF VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
The board for the examination of volunteer
officers for admission into the regular Navy,
in conformity with tlie provisions of the act of
July 25, has been in session at intervals
during the entire year, and has submitted its
final report of officers examined. A very small
number on foreign service, and some who have
been recommended for admission under the last
clause of the third section of the act under which
the board was convened, have not been filially
examined, and for this purpose it will be neces-
sary to convene a board of officers at some future,
time. The law gave the Department no author-
ity to make selections or recommendations, but
left the whole matter in the hands of a board,
which was to select and recommend the author-
ized number in the several grades, provided so
many were found qualified. The report of the
board has not, therefore, received any revision
by the Department, and the names of the sev-
eial officers found qualified will, in accordance
with their recommendation, be forwarded to
you at an early day for transmission to the
Seuate for confirmation.
U 4 filC OF ST IFF CORPS.
The chiefs of the Bureaus of Medicine and
Surgery of Provisions and Clothing, and of
Steam Engineering, bring to the notice of the
Department the claims of their respective corps
to increased rank. It is urged that by the
recent creation of the several grades of admi-
ral, of commodore, and lieutenant commander,
the rank of the staff corps has in effect been
reduced. The law now provides for the ap-
pointment of fleet surgeons, fleet paymasters,
and fleet engineers, but the rank is only tem-
porary, ceasing when the officer is detached
from fleet duty. If these grades were made
permanent and to embrace a sufficient num-
ber for the service required of the officers
standing at the head of their respective lists
and the rank now temporarily given to fleet
officers and to the other grades legalized, it is
thought that the staff corps would be generally
satislied. It is understood that they propose
to bring the matter of increased rank to the
notice of Congress, and such legislation as
may seem equitable and just is recommended.
RELIEF FOR Tlffi SOUTHERN STATES.
A joint resolution, approved February 22,
1807, authorized and directed the Secretary of
the Navy, upon application of the contributors,
to assign a public vessel for the transportation
under such regulations as he might prescribe,
to Charleston, Savannah, and Mobile, of any
supplies of food and clothing that might he
contributed by the people of the United States
for the use of any portion of the people of the
southern States who were suffering from the
failure of crops or other causes.
In accordance with this resolution two public
vessels of the Navy were put in commission
and assigned to the purpose indicated. One,
the Purveyor, was placed at the disposal of the
Southern Belief Commission at New York; the
other, the Belief, was placed at the disposal of
the Southern ltelief Association at Baltimore.
The Purveyor made two trips, one in March
and one in J une, to the South as far as Mobile,
carrying such provisions and other articles as
were placed on board by the commission at
New York. The ltelief sailed from Baltimore
in May and proceeded to Mobile, where she
discharged her cargo and returned.
As the Department had no suitable vessel of
light draught to enable it to send provisions to
Wilmington, Congress, by resolution approved
on the 2'Jth of March, directed it to charter a
vessel to convey contributions from Baltimore
to that point. It was found, however, that the
employment of the usual freighting lines was
more economical, and such supplies as were
offered were in that way transported at a cost
of $1,506 8U. No appropriation having been
made for this service, the expense was defrayed
from the contingent fund of the Department.
CLAIMS OF CONTRACTORS.
An act of Congress approved March2, 18G7,
directs the Secretary of the Navy to investi-
gate the claims of contractors for vessels of
war and steam machinery for relief, upon a
basis therein named. To give the several
claims a thorough examination it became neces-
sary to convene aboard, and Commodore J. B.
Marcliand, Chief Engineer J. W. King, and
Paymaster E. Foster were selected. The ses-
sions of the board commenced on the 8th of
.1 illy, the several contractors having previously
been directed to prepare and forward to the
Department a statement in detail of the several
claims, fortified by such proofs as they could
furnish. The board permitted each contractor
to appear before them in person or by attor-
ney, and gave a patient and searching examin-
ation to the several claims. Their report will
be submitted to Congress at an early day.
PETROLEUM AS FUEL FOR 0 EXE RATING STEAM.
The act approved April 17, 18(10, appiopri-
ated §5,000 for testing the use of petroleum as
a fuel under marine boilers. An elaborate
scries of experiments has been made at the
New York and Boston navy-yards, and a very
full synopsis of the information gathered is
given in the report of the chief of the Bureau
of Steam Engineering. The conclusion arrived
at is that convenience, comfort, health, and
safety are against the use of petroleum in
steam vessels, and that the only advantage thus
far shown is a not very important reduction in
bulk and weight of fuel carried.
STEAMER AMAZON.
The attention of the Department has been
called to the interest and rights of the captors
in the case of the Amazon. This was an iron
steamer captured by the Pontiac, Commander
S. B. Luce, on the 2d of March, 1865. She
was appraised by order of Rear Admiral Dahl-
gren and taken into service, libeled as prize
in the eastern district of Pennsylvania, but
under an order of court was surrendered to
the claimant on his paying into court $8,000.
On trial the Amazon was condemned as prize,
but the Secretary of the Treasury remitted the
forfeiture, and the $8,000, instead of being
paid to the captors and naval pension fund, in
conformity to law, were repaid to Dillon, the
claimant. Of this proceeding this Depart-
ment was wholly unadvised, and had no notice
whatever until after the money had been paid
to Dillon, and the time allowed by law for
repeal had elapsed.
The captors who were thus deprived of the
share of the prize money to which, under the
capture and condemnation, they consider them-
selves legally entitled, will appeal to Congress
for the money which, by law and the decision
of the court, they believe to be due them. The
naval pension fund is also entitled to its moiety
of the money which has been relinquished.
NAVAL PENSION FUND.
The naval pension fund has been increased
during the year $1,250,000, making the aggre-
gate at the present time §13,000,000. This
amount having accrued to the United States
from the sale of prizes, the public faith is
pledged that it '' shall be and remain forever a
fund for the payment of pensions to the offi-
cers, seamen, and marines who may be entitled
to receive the same." It is also provided that
if the fund shall be more than sufficient the
surplus shall fee applied to the making of fur-
ther provision for the comfort of disabled offi-
cers, seamen, and marines. To partially com-
ply with this requirement, the act of March 2,
1807, provides for giving a cash pension in lieu
of a home at the Naval Asylum to those who
have been twenty years in the service, and
authorizes relief for a specified time to those
who have been disabled after ten years' enlist-
ment. The benefit of this act has thus far been
given to but seven persons, and though the
number may be considerably increased, it is
probable that a portion only of the surplus will
be used in this way. I recommend, therefore,
that the pension laws applicable to the Navy
be revised, and such an increase in the rates
of pension be authorized as the fund will war-
rant. The entire principal of the fund was
earned by the officers and men of the Navy
during the recent war, and it is eminently
proper that its benefits should be enjoyed by
those whom the war has deprived of other sup-
port, as contemplated by the statute. In this
revision provision should also be made for pen-
sions for the admiral, vice admiral, rear admiral,
commodore, and other grades, both of the line
and staff, now wholly omitted. It may also be
well to consider whether the family of a person
dying in the Navy after a specified time of ser-
vice should not derive some benefit from this
surplus fund, even though the death should
not have occurred in the strict " line of duty."
NAVAL PENSION'S.
During the year ending November 1, 18t>7,
there has been an increase of twenty-nine on
the invalid pension-roll, and of one hundred
and eighty-four on the widows' and orphans'
roll, making a total of two hundred and thir-
teen, and calling for $49,089 20 more than the
