1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1521
acquiesced in it without a division ; that is, that
we should take up the report section by sec-
tion. It is manifest that it becomes the duty
of the Senate to make some rules lor the gov-
ernment of the great trial we shall be called
upon to take part in. Undoubtedly many of
the articles contained in this report will be
agreed to by the Senator from Indiana, the
great body of them, because they only provide
the mode and manner, not of conducting the
trial, but of preparing for the trial.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That far I have no
wish to interfere with the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Constitution clearly
anticipates that the Senate as a Senate shall
take order, in the language of the law, for the
trial. I have no doubt that the great body of
these articles will be adopted without objec-
tion. _ When we reach any one of the articles
to which the Senator objects, which he antici-
pates^ and which he thinks endeavor to make
a distinction between the duty of the Senate
and the duty of the court, it will be time enough
to make the point. 1 shall be glad to hear
Mm on that question, because I think it a ques-
tion worthy of the Senate, and a question which
must be decided, whether or not the Senate as
a Senate must decide on the rules of evidence,
.&c., or whether these matters shall be decided
by the court. It is a question ou which I
should like very much to hear the precedents
when the point arises.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My object was to get
an expression of the Senate in advance, if pos-
sible, so as to facilitate the proceeding. Many
of these provisions are proper enough, no doubt,
and I would not object to them. Some of
them, I think, are material to the trial. But
I had not understood that the Senate had
adopted the suggestion of the Senator from
Maryland. That being the case, I will, of
course, acquiesce in it, and raise the point
when we reach some material rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid all misunder-
standing, I move now that the Senate proceed,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
report section by section.
Mr. HOWARD. We are now in committee,
and there is an order already to proceed in
exactly that way; and I hope the Clerk will
proceed to read the first rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
understood as the sense of the Senate that the
report shall be considered article by article as
numbered.
The Secretary read the first proposed rule,
as follows:
I. Whensoever the Senate shall receive notice from
the House of Representatives that managers are ap-
pointed on their part to conduct an impeachment
against any person, and are directed to carry articles
of impeachment to the Senate, the Secretary of the
Senate shall immediately inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Senate is ready to reccive the
managers for the purpose of exhibiting such articles
of impeachment agreeably to said notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the adoption of this rule, and declared
it to be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose, unless an
amendment is offered, it is scarcely worth
while to put the question, because if we once
adopt a rule perhaps we cannot go back.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are in committee
now, and can revise our action afterward.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the second rule be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the second clause of the report.
The Secretary read the second proposed rule,
as follows:
XI. When the managers of an imseaehment shall
bo introduced at the bar of the Senate, and shall sig-
nify that they are ready to exhibit articles of.im-
peachment against any person, the Presiding Officer
of the Senate shall direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to
make proclamation, who-shall, after making Procla-
mation, repeat tile following words, namely, , All
persons are commanded to keep silence, on pam ot
imprisonment, while the grand inquest of the nation
is exhibiting to the Senate of the united btates arti-
cles of impeachment against —; after
which the articles shall be exhibited, and then the
Presiding Oftieer of the Senate shall inform the man-
agers that the Senate will take proper order on the
subject of the impeachment, of which due notice shall
bo given to tho House of Representatives.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 96.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate that the vote shall be
taken on each rule as it is read?
Mr. HOWARD. If there is no objection I
suppose it will be taken for granted that each
rule, as read, is adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. If there is no objection
to a rule as it is read it may be considered as
adopted, but of course open to amendment
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such will
be the understanding if there be no objection.
The third clause of the report will now be read.
The Secretary read rule three, as follows :
III. Upon such articles being presented to the
Senate, the Senate shall, at one o'clock afternoon of
the day (Sunday excepted) following such presenta-
tion, or sooner, if &o ordered by the Senate, resolve
itself into a high court of impeachment for proceed-
ing thereon. A quorum of tho Senate shall consti-
tute a quorum of the court, and it shall continue in
session from day to day, (Sundays excepted,) after the
trial shall commence, (unless otherwise ordered by
the court,).until final judgment shall be rendered,
and so much longer as it may, in its judgment, be
needful. Immediately upon tho Senate resolving
itself into such high court of impeachment the Sec-
retary of the Senate shall administer to tho presiding
officer (unless ho shall be tho Chief Justice) the oath
required by the Constitution of the United States m
such cases, and in the form hereinafter prescribed,
and thereupon the presiding officer shall administer
such oath to the members of the Senate then present,
and to the other members of tho Senate as they shall
appear, whose duty it shall be to take the same.
Mr. POMEROY. Did not the committee
agree to strike out the words "whose duty it
shall be to take the same " at the close of that
rule? I thought so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; the word " receive"
was changed to the word "take." That was
the conclusion of the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes ; I recollect now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This rule
will be considered as adopted, and the Secre-
tary will read the next.
The Secretary read rule four, as follows:
IV. Tho Presiding Officer of the Senate shall be the
presiding officer of the high coin t of iinpcaehmcnfc,
except when the President of the United States, or
the Vice President of tho United States upon whom
the powers and duties ot tlie olfico of President shall
have devolved, shall bo impeached,inwhich ease the
Chief Justice of the Supremo Court of tho United
States shall preside; and in acase requiring the said
Chief Justice to pieside, notice shall bo given to him
by the Presiding Officer of ihe Senate of thetimoand
Place fixed tor the organization of tho high eourtof
impeachment as aforesaid, with a request to attend,
and he shall preside over said court until its final
adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. Although I was one of the
committee that agreed to report these rules,
yet a remark made by my colleague a while
ago suggests a verbal criticism in regard to this
rule and the one we have just passed. They
both use language which may, perhaps, lead
to trouble, and give rise to a different theory
in regard to the character of the body that is
to try this impeachment. It is provided that
the Senate shall resolve itself into a high court
of impeachment. Is there any authority in the
Constitution for that, or is there any propriety
in it? Is not this impeachment to be tried
simply by the Senate of the United States?
While the Senate is engaged in the trial, does
it lose the character of the Senate and become
a court? If we shall allow ourselves to con-
template that idea, may it not lead to conse-
quences that we do not desire, and to dillicul-
ties? The Constitution seems to contemplate
that this impeachment shall be tried by the
Senate. It says : "The Senate shall have the
sole power to try all impeachments;" and
''when sitting"—that is the Senate, when sit-
ting—"for that purpose they shall be on oath
or affirmation." That is all that is required,
that the Senate, when sitting for that purpose,
shall be on oath or affirmation. But we are
here proposing to resolve ourselves into an-
other character ; we are to cease to be a Sen-
ate and become a court. If we follow out that
theory there may be many little consequences
attaching to it before we get done with it
that we do not anticipate. Why not preserve
the simple idea that this impeachment is to be
tried by the Senate of the United States as the
Senate and nothing else? What use have we
got for the phraseology "resolving itself into
a high court of impeachment?'' I object to the
use of the word "high," in that connection,
anyhow. But the argument made by my col-
league suggests that the theory which we thus
seem to recognize may involve other conse-
quences that we do not now contemplate; and
although I assented to these rules, and would
regret now to find fault, yet it occurs to me,
from the suggestion made and from looking at
the Constitution itself, that this impeachment,
after all, is to be tried simply by the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is true; the Senate
of the United States is the body to try the
party impeached; but in what character does
it try him ? It does not sit in its legislative
capacity in discharging that duty; it sits as a
court just as much as is the Supreme Court of
the United Slates when it adjudicates cases
coming before it. But it is very advisable, I
think, even if the objection would have been
a well founded one in the beginning, that we
should adhere to the precedents. There have
been some four or five cases of impeachment,
and in every instance—I think I am correct;
my friend from Vermont will set me right if I
am wrong—in every instance what was done
by the Senate is precisely what is proposed to
be done by the section now under deliberation ;
the Senate resolved itself into a high court
of impeachment. The duty, certainly is not
a legislative duty, bccatise if it was no addi-
tional oath would be prescribed ; and yet the
Constitution requires an additional oath ; and
the requisition of an additional oath implies that
within the intendment of the Constitution the
duty which we are to discharge irf cases of im-
peachment is a judicial as contradistinguished
from a legislative duty. I do not see that it
can involve any difficulty in the trial of the
cause after it comes before us; and whatever
the Senate might do if it did not call itself a
court, it will do after it calls itself a court if
it shall then think it is right to adopt a particu-
lar course which may be suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Indiana, on a moment's reflection, will see that
this is rather a criticism of words than of real
ideas. These rules provide that upon being
notified of the articles of impeachment the Sen-
ate shall resolve itself into a high court of im-
peachment. It is the Senate still. It is just
as we move to resolve ourselves into executive
session, just as we move to go into Committee
of the Whole, as we are now in committee. It
is still the Senate at every stage of the progress
of its various kinds of business. It may be act-
ing what we technically call in the Senate, or
it may be in executive session, or it may be a
court of impeachment; but in each view it is
the Senateof the United States acting in a dif-
ferent capacity. We act in the one ease as
advisers of thePresident; we share with him in
his executive authority; in another we act in
our legislative capacity and share with the
House of Representatives in legislative author-
ity; iu this case we act in a judicial capacity on
the trial of an alleged offender against the laws.
So that it seems to me this is rather a question
of phraseology.
As to preserving the words "high court of
impeachment," I think it is important for us
to preserve those words; not that they are
very material; it might be just as well lor us
to call ourselves a court of impeachment, or
provide that we resolve ourselves into a body
for impeachment business, if the Senate pre-
fers it that way ; it has the same legal effect.
I think we all recognize, the whole country
will recognize, that this is a high duty imposed
upon us by the Constitution of the United
States, and we may properly say without as-
suming anything that it is a high com I of
impeachment. I therefore do not see any
object in changing the old, well-established
precedents, for I believe this language is taken
from the precedents established by the found-
ers of the Constitution in the earliest im-
peachment, probably in those of Judge Chase
and Senator Blount, Those impeachments
