2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
of insurance must-increase with the construc-
tion of every new. bridge; and therefore, if
one bridge at Steubenville is a great obstruc-
tion, twenty bridges of the same kind would
maa®. obstruction twenty times as great,
and m this way, by the gradual multiplication
•n i.esej bridges, 'he navigation of the river
will be destroyed. The following is the state-
ment made by the underwriters representing
iorty-fqur insurance companies:
Cincinnati, AdHI 20.1868.
SEXTLESren: In reply to your letter of April 18.
asking the opinion of the. Board of Underwriters of
tms city if .the construction of a pier bridge across
the Ohio with three htmdred feet space between the
piers would so obstruct the navigation as to require
an advance rate of premium on boats, and their car-
goes plying between Cincinnati iiiul Pittsburg, at a
5obS °t We '?oar^ he Id at their roora^. April 20,
I , i°i mnowing resolutions were unanimously
adopted by the board, and are herewith inclosed as
an answer to your communication :
Reiolved, That it is the deliberate and settled
opinion of the Cincinnati Board of Underwriter^
that a bridge built across the Ohio river between the
cities of Cincinnati and Newport, Kentucky, with
piers m the river three hundred feet apart, would
prove a serious and dangerous obstruction to the
navigation of the river: and that all underwriters, in
justicc totheirstockholders, will beobligedtocharge
increased rates for the insurance of property passing
these piers.
" Rvmlved, That it is the judgment of themembers
of this board that where bridges aro built over the
Ohio river, that m order to leave the navigation of
the river reasonably safe, there should be a main
span over the channel not less than five hundred
feet long.-'
Respectfully, yours, JOHN BUBGOYNE,
President pro tempore.
Joiin J. Hooker. secretary.
Messis. Robert Hosea A Sox, Traber & Aubery,
Babbiti, Haiiknkss it Co., M. Grrenwood, David
Gibson ,fc Co., "William Gi.knn & Sons, R. M.
Bishop & Co., Wili.iim Resor & Co., and others.
I ■will simply say, in addition to this evidence
oil tlie part of these insurance companies, that
the carrying trade is in the hands of the insur-
ance companies in this way: by increasing the
rate of insurance the carrying trade can be
controlled as to particular ships or channels.
It was not the Alabama in herself that drove
tlie carrying trade into British ships during
the war and drove -American ships out of tlie
trade, but it was the insurance companies that
so increased the rate of insurance upon Amer-
ican ships and cargoes in American ships that
shippers could ship far more cheaply in British
bottoms; and thus it was that the carrying
trade of our country was virtually destroyed
during the war by one or two rebel cruisers.
The same thing will operate in the case of
obstructions placed upon any navigable river.
They increase the rates of insurance to such
an extent that the rates of transportation are
greatly increased, and thus transportation is
driven from the river into other channels, and
the people who consume the produce thus
transported have to pay the additional cost.
I desire to present in this connection the
testimony of the city council of Cincinnati.
The city couneil of Cincinnati has recently
adopted the following:
"Whereas by an act passed April 3,1868, certain
parties have organized for the purpose of building a
bridge at Cincinnati; the main span of said bridge is
to be but three hundred feet over the main channel
of tho Ohio river; and whereassaid span is entirely
inadequate to the wants of the boating and commer-
cial interests of our State, and dangerous to life and
property, by obstructing-the channel of said river:
therefore,
''Beit resolved, By the eity council of the city of
Cincinnati, that our members of the General As-
sembly be requested to use all honorable means to
causo said law to be amended as proposed in the bill
now pending before the legislature, making said
span not less than five hundred feet."
Mr. President, in order to explain briefly
how it is that a span of three hundred feet is
not sufficient, 1 will state in what mode the
heavy freights upon the Ohio river are trans-
ported. it is done now chiefly by what are
called barges and tug-boats. They have some
sixty tug-boats going out from Pittsburg for the
purpose of towing coal-boats only. These coal-
boats are fastened upon each side of the steam
tug. Sometimes these tows on the upper Ohio
£re one hundred andfifty feet in width, as I am
informed.
Mr. JOHNSON. All lashed together.
Mr. MORTON. All lashed together, and
shoving perhaps four or six coal-barges before
them. By towing the coal-boats in this way
the transportation is made very cheap as com-
pared with the old way of floating a flat-boat
down the river; and this has become the re-
ceived method of transporting heavy freights
on the Ohio river. Some of these tows when
thus lashed together are one hundred and fifty
feet in width, and when they approach the
Steubenville bridge, if the wind is high and the
current strong, they are compelled to wait.
They can never safely pass that bridge in the
night time. The delay is a matter of heavy
cost to them, at the rate of one hundred and
fifty or two hundred dollars a day, as the case
may be. They must lie by until the daylight
in firder to pass the bridge ; and if the wind is
high it is very difficult to pass without a col-
lision. It is an immense mass of freight, some-
times as much as one hundred thousand bushels
of coal being in the tow. It is, of course, very
hard to steer a collection of boats of that kind ;
and great losses have occurred.
On the lower Ohio below the falls these tows
are made wider than above. With a strong
current or with a high wind they cannot safely
pass any bridge with only a span of three hun-
dred feet, they are so unwieldy. It is there-
fore a matter of the first importance that the
piers of the bridges shall be so far apart that
these steamboats and tug-boats with the barges
attached shall be able to pass even in the night
time without delay, and shall be able to pass
without danger even when there are winds and
strong currents. This is impossible with any
bridge having a span of only three hundred
feet.
Now, sir, I will read a single resolution
adopted by the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of Cincinnati:
" limolved. That every bridge over the Ohio river
should bo required to have at least one span of not
less than five hundred feet over the main channel;
and that piers which shall narrow the navigation
more than this will be a serious and unjustifiable
obstruction and danger. We therefore ask the Gen-
eral Assembly of Ohio and the Congress of the United
States to provide that all bridges over this river shall
be required to have ntleastone spanof not less than
five hundred feet over the main channel."
Some question may be asked as to whether
bridges of five hundred feet are practicable. I
have evidence here that perhaps will be satis-
factory to every member of the Senate that
they are not only practicable, but that, they are
of very little more cost than bridges of three
hundred feet span. In the advance of engin-
eering science it is found that bridges of five
hundred feet span can be constructed to bear
any burden that may be put upon them, and
that the cost is very little greater, and some
engineers, say no greater than those with a span
of three hundred feet. 1 will ask the Secretary
to read a letter from John A. Eoebling, who
constructed the suspension bridge at Niagara
and the suspension bridge at Cincinnati, and
who is now constructing a bridge of sixteen
hundred and twenty feet over the Hudson river
just above the city of New York, and who, I
believe, will construct a bridge over the Bast
river at New York, which has a span amount-
ing to I do not know what; I believe, in the
neighborhood of fifteen hundred feet.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the honorable Sen-
ator say he is constructing a bridge above the
city of New York?
Sir. MORTON. Yes, sir; at the Highlands,
some sixteen miles above, with a span of
sixteen hundred and twenty feet.
Mr. JOHNSON. A suspension bridge?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I will read the
letter of Mr. Eoebling on that subject, which
is short, and to which I invite the attention of
the Senate:
Office of John A. Rokbltng,
Tkextox, Nkw Jkrsey, April 7, 1868.
My Dear Sir: In your note of tho 4th you request
mo to state some of the facts relating to the practi-
cability of large span railroad bridges. The follow-
ing railway bridges, all ou leading lines and doing a
heavy business, are constructed on different plans
and have all stood the test of time:
The Niagara bridge, in this country, with one clear
span of eight hundred and twenty feet.
The Steubenville bridge, over the Ohio, three hun-
dred and twenty feet.
The Britannia bridge, in England, spans of four
hundred and sixty feet.
The Saltash bridge, over the Tamar, England,
spans of four hundred and fifty-five feet.
The Rhine bridge, at Cuilinburg.in Ilolland,spans
of five hundred feet.
The Dirshaw bridge, over the YVeiehsel, in Prussia,
three hundred and ninety feet.
The Hogat bridge, in Prussia, three hundred and
twenty feet.
The Rhino bridge, at Cologne, Prussia, three hun-
dred and twenty feet.
Tho Rhino bridge, at Coblentz, Prussia, three hun-
dred and twenty feet.
The Rhine bridge, at Mayence, Prussia, three hun-
dred and tliirty-two feet.
I might extend this list, but if this number is not
sufficient to establish "practicability," no number
and no argument will. When I recommended five
hundred feet spans I was fully aware that bridge
builders and railroad men generally would object,
because theerectionof largespans certainly involves
a little more cost and also a little more skill. Bat
by combining the suspension principle with the truss,
as I have often recommended, a considerable saving
will be effected. Spans of five hundred feet on this
plan will not cost more than ordinary lattice or truss
spans of three hundred and fifty feet.
For the Cincinnati and Newport bridge I would
recommend a trussed suspension bridge, with a mid-
dle span of seven to eight hundred feet, and two half
spans of three hundred and fifty to four hundred feet,
as the best and also tho cheapest in the end. The
various stories circulated about the Niagara bridge
aro all nonsense. That bridge will admit of the
highest practicable speed for passing trains, but it
would be madness to permit it over that fearful
chasm.
Truly, yours, JOHN A. ROEBLtNG.
Theodore Cook, esq.
Mr. President, in this connection I will read
a very important letter from Captain Eads,
who is the engineer constructing the bridge
across the Mississippi river at St. Louis, which
has a central span of five hundred and eighteen
feet:
St. Louis, April 7,1868.
Dear Sir : In reply to your letter I beg to say that
no published official report of this bridge has yet
been made. I am at present engaged in tho prepar-
ation of one, and as the company expect to ask our
citizens to make a loan of the city's credit to the ex-
tent of $4,000,000 in aid of the enterprise at tho next
election, the report will be an elaborate one. Itwill
not, however, be published for nearly a month, as it
will contain several diagrams and illustrations now
in the hands of the engravers. I am glad to seethe
friends of river navigation moving so earnestly to
prevent the destruction of our great marine high-
ways. After the abloletterof Mr. Rfcebling, recently
published in one of our city papers, and which you
have doubtless seen, I feel that 1 can say nothing to
add to its force.
By the principle of the arch, either suspended or
upright,.we aro enabled to construct much larger
spans without increasing the cost of the structure
than is possible by any of the methods of trusses yet
devised. Being placed in possession of the calcula-
tions made for the truss bridge at this city, fby the
consolidation of the two companies.) I am able to
prove that the bridge I inn constructing, with three
spans of about five hundred feet each, can be more
cheaply built than the truss biidge designed for the
rival company, with two spans of but three hundred
and sixty-four feet, (or a clear water-way to each of
three hundred and fifty feet,) and the remaining
sp^ins of two hundred and forty feet.
The greater strength of cast steel makes its cost
considerably less than that of iron in long spans;
and as its compressive strength is greatly in excess
ot its tensile strength, it seems peculiarly fitted for
the construction of upright arches. There is nothing
to prevent the spanning of your river at Cincinnati
with arches of one thousand feet with entile safeiy,
and at a cost not greatly in cxecss of three hundied
and fifty feet trusses. In every form of truss there
must be an upper and lower chord, one for compres-
sion andonefor tension. The arch alone, of ailfoi ms
ot bridging, requires but one of these members, Tho
suspended arch requires the tension member only,
ana the upright arch the compression one. The
anchors of the suspension bridge supply the placo
ot the upper or compression member o'f tli« Fink
truss, by preventing the points of support from being
pulled together, the strain at the points of support
(or towers) being transferred directly to the anchors,
in the upright arch the abutments supply the place
ot the tension chord m the bow-string girder. The
same principle pervades every form of truss known,
ilf tller'i ^ 110 areat difference in the weight or
*i, 1 \or t.lc othcr 01 these members, if one or
the other be dispensed with, we have
r\t ^4- : .. • _ __ «
"«®uu>9 lapiuly augments as
increased, while tho aich does not, in the
in r10 we.a,re enabled to construct large spans
m that form with much greater eeonomv
UmilS ->f a Jclter ilke 1 cannot
• !"F ! • 1S 80 much more economical,
except in the brief manner above stated: uor would
hoJL -\ViS' becoming m me to attempt to do so
repoi t lb published I shall be happy
to send you a copy.
Very truly, JAMKS B. EADS.
Mr. Theodore Cook.
