1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February-2$,
occurred in the first ten or twelve years after
the Constitution was formed. I think we
ought in this proceeding to follow the language
and the forms then decided upon, as far as we
possibly can.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I agree with my col-
league in his criticism upon this rule. I ex-
pressed the same view when I considered it in
one of the committees. Notice the language
that is read in the second section: when the
House of Representatives shall make report
to the Senate-, it shall be announced by some
officer of the Senate, " all persons are com-
manded to keep silence on pain of imprison-
ment while the grand inquest of the nation
is exhibiting articles of impeachment," &e.
What is "the grand inquest" of this nation,
sir? There is no such tribunal or body known
to our Constitution or laws. The " grand
inquest of the nation'Ms but a tribute to a
past period, when dignity was supposed to be
given to proceedings by the adoption of high-
sounding words. Just notice the simplicity of
the Constitution as compared with this flourish
of trumpets: '' The House of Representatives
shall choose their Speaker and other officers,
and shall have the sole power of impeachment.''
The House of Representatives " shall have the
sole power of impeachment," said the simple-
minded fathers, when they adopted a plain
rule oil this subject. Now we say '' the grand
inquest of the nation." Why, sir, I fancy I
am back in the days of Queen Elizabeth, when
the courts were called to order by a ceremony
such as the plain lawyers of this day would
not comprehend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to state "to him that this is the same lan-
guage that those simple-minded fathers who
formed the Constitution did use in the first
impeachment of Chase, and Blount, and so
on——
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am speaking of the
language used by the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You spoke of the fathers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the Constitution
which the fathers adopted, after grave consid-
eration, they said that the House of Repre-
sentatives should impeach an officer. We say
that "the grand inquest of the nation " shall
impeach. Where is the advantage of this new
language. Why not make proclamation in the
Senate here that "the House of Representa-
tives impeaches the President of the United
States?" It is not sufficiently high sounding
is all the trouble about it. It expresses exactly
the thought that the Constitution does truly,
correctly, and does not refer us to some body
of men not known to our system of government.
I think much of the trouble grows out of, as
my colleague suggests, misconceiving exactly
how this is. I think the Senate tries the case ;
but inasmuch as the Constitution requires, when
the President is impeached, that the Chief Jus-
tice shall preside, I think we cannot, until we
secure the presence of the Chief Justice, take
any step that bears in any important respect
upon the result. I think it is simply the busi-
ness of the Senate to take steps to have the
presence of the Chief Justice here, and then,
he presiding, we shall adopt such rules as are
necessary to govern us in prosecuting the trial.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Indi-
ana forgets that these rules we are now consid-
ering have nothiug to do with the President of
the United States as such. They provide for
all impeachments; and being adopted, it will
be time enough, if the President of the United
States shall be impeached, for the Senator to
object that these rules do not apply, because
we cannot act upon him until the Chief Justice
is in the chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Vermont, as he is on the committee and
I am not, whether I am altogether wrong, in
view of the fact that there was a particular
resolution referred to the committee, and I
will ask the Senator from Vermont exactly
what was referred to the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will inform the Senator
from Indiana, as I suppose he does not know
from asking the question, that- the message of
the House of Representatives was referred to
the committee. The committee, in acting upon
that message, have thought it necessary, (speak-
ing now iu the proper and exact sense of the
term,) have deemed it proper, to report general
rules for the trial of all impeachments. Ido not
say that the committee do not expect that the
President of the United States, if the House
of Representatives should agree upon articles—
we do not know that they will—may not be
brought before the Senate, sitting as a court,
under these rules. The Senate being resolved
into a court, it will then be a question for the
court to consider as a court whether the gen-
eral rules of the Senate provided for all cases
are binding upon the court, or whether these
or others ought to be formally adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to ask the
Senator if his criticism on my view of it is_ not
without foundation, inasmuch as the committee
had to consider just what was referred, and the
committee has gone beyond that. I chose to
consider it in view of the subject that was
referred to the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all. Wo are not
trying the committee; weave trying the paper
which they have presented ; and that paper is
a general provision for all cases, and it has no
reference to this President of theUnited States
any more than it has to one who may be in
office twenty-five yeais hence, except that we
understand, as a matter of fact, it is probable
that that high officer will be brought to trial.
A word now as to the point made by both
the Senators from Indiana 011 the subject of
the stylo which is to be given to the Senate
while sitting for the purpose of this trial. Wo
all agree, as the Constitution says, that the
Senate is to try this impeachment; but the
question is a little beyond that, in what char-
acter is it to try this impeachment? In what
capacity? There can be but one opinion upon
that subject. It is in a judicial capacity, and
in no other. It is not to pass any bill of attain-
der or of pains and penalties against him; but
it is to resolve itself in some form or by some
name into that capacity which will authorize
it to exercise judicial functions under oath.
You may criticise upon language; it is one of
the imperfections of human affairs that 110 lan-
guage can be adopted by any man or set of men
that is not, open to some species of eritisism by
other minds, but the essential idea is that there
is to be aplain line that all me can see between
the character in which we are now sitting doing
legislative business and that character in which
we shall be sitting when we arc callcd upon to
lay aside every prejudice and every partiality
and every idea that can enter into the political
and legislative mind and to put 011 the white
robes of justice, to try impartially, as judges, a
cause.
Now, we are to adopt some language which
will point out that point of time when, as it may
happen, in the case that we have been referring
to, the Presiding Utiicer of the Senate must
leave the chair and the Chief Justice of the
United States shall take it.
The committee, in following the precedents
that have occurred in this country from the days
of the fathers that have been alluded to until
this time, have thought it fit, using the same
language that they used, to characterize this
transformation of functions, this change of func-
tions of the Senate from one charaeterto another,
as resolving itself into a high court of impeach
ment. And then the rules go 011 to.speak, after
all, of the Senate sitting as a court. There can
be no misconstruction when you take the rules
all together. They speak always as the Con-
stitution does of the body, the Senate, birt
characterize it as sitting as that high court of
impeachment—to whose judgment the law has
confided theimportaut questions that may arise
touching official misconduct.
Therefore, Mr. President, it is plain to me,
both upon the reason of the thing and upon all
the authority we have to refer to, that no more
appropriate language could be adopted to mark
this line of distinction between our legislative
action and our legislative sitting and that judi-
cial one which we may be called upon to take
up than this.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Senator if be will allow me. Does
he mean to give us to understand that the pre-
cedents at all times as he says are that the
Senate, in cases of impeachment, resolves
itself into a high court of impeachment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand my,
friend to refer to the use of the word "high?"
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. I do not
fancy the word "high," but I am inquiring of
the Senator for matters of substance. I under-
stood him to say, and I wish to know whether
he said intentionally, that the precedents were
that the Senate when trying an impeachment
or approaching an impeachment resolved itself
into a court, high or low.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what my
friend means by "approaching an impeach-
ment." I mean that in the case of Chase, as I
understand, in the case of Peck, as I see from
the Journal, the Senate did that thing. I have
not traced through every modern precedent to
see what they have done.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I do not
think that the nature of the body by which
impeachments are tried is, as the Senator from-
Ohio says, a mere choice of words or phraseol-
ogy. Could I concur with the Senator from
Vermont as to the character which the Senate
puts 011 iu trying an impeachment I should
agree with the Senator from Indiana that the
Senate, sitting as it sits now, is not the appro-
priate body to settle these rules. It seems to
me that if the Senate is one thing, a body of
one nature, and if the members of the Senate
resolved into a court for the trial of impeach-
ment becomes a body of a different nature,
there must be a distinct line of demarkation
between the two, and every rule which relates
to proceedings to be taken by the Senate is
appropriately to be determined by the Senate:
but every rule relating to proceedings falling
upon the other side of the line, and belonging,
not to the Senate, but to a court, is a rule to
be determined by the court. This, if I under-
stand it, is the suggestion of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. If I heed the opinion de-
clared by the Senator from Vermont, I should,
as 1 understood him, be compelled to coincide
with the Senator from Indiana.
But, Mr. President, I do not understand the
precedents as they are stated, nor do I under-
stand the philosophy or the meaning of the
Constitution to be as is suggested. The Sen-
ate shall have the sole power to try impeach-
ments. That is the voice of the Constitution.
The Senator from Vermont says, very properly,
that the Senate exercises a judicial function in
trying an impeachment. Certainly it does;
just as many single officers and boards of offi-
cers perform at one time ministerial duties
and at another time judicial duties-; all the
time remaining officers of a fixed name and
nature.
But the Senator says that the precedents
show that the Senate, when trying impeach-
ments, divests itself of its character as *a Sen-
ate and takes on a new character; it ceases
to be a Senate and becomes a court, and wholly
a court. If the precedents say this, they will
be persuasive as testimony if not as argu-
ment. But let us look at them. The Senator
has referred to two cases, both of which I Lave
before me: the case of the impeachment of
Samuel Chaser which was in 1801, and the case
of the impeachment of Peck in 1831. It is
true that in the Journal (put there by tbe
Secretary of the Senate as a prefatory head-
ing) the expression "high court of impeach-
ments" does occur, and it occuis just the
same at the stages before anybody can sup-
pose that the Senate had resolved itself into a
court, as at any other time. Whenever the
Senate considered anything relating to the im-
peachment of Judge Chase, the Secretary dis-
tinguished it in his entry by placing it under
