1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Even, Mr. President, if a bridge of five hun-
dred feet span was more costly, yet the rail-
road companies should be required to incur
the cost. If they cost three times as much,
what is that cost compared to the permanent
obstruction of a great river like the Ohio or
the upper Mississippi? The cost of abridge
can hardly be taken into calculation in de-
termining the question of how a bridge should
be built. If a proper bridge cost three times
or four times as much, still they should be re-
quired to build a bridge that will not mate-
rially interfere with navigation. It is a per-
manent and continuing injury, doubled every
time a new bridge is built, one bridge becom-
ing a protection for another, until these ob-
structions are too powerful to be removed.
I therefore ask the committee to consider
this question, and report to the Senate a gen-
eral law to provide 1'or bridging the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, to the provisions of which
all bridges shall be required to conform ; that,
these bridges shall be high enough, say sixty
feet above high water, to enable steamers to
pass without obstruction; and that they shall
have spans of not less than five hundred feet.
Bridges with this span can be built. We know
that. They have been. They have been in use
for years in other countries. Engineering
science has greatly advanced. They can be buil't<
with very little more cost than the ordinary
bridges; and thus the railroad interest can be
proLCCled and fostered at the same time that
the navigation of these great rivers is not im-
paired.
I know, sir, that this is rather a tame ques-
tion to be considered now in connection with
the exciting and stirring events by which we
are surrounded ; but the question is of vast
importance to all the northwestern States, and
I invite the attention of this committee to it.
I hope if they are not satisfied that they will
call engineers, experienced and scientific men,
before them, and examine them as to the feasi-
bility of constructing bridges with spans of
five hundred feet; and if they are not satisfied
that a bridge of three hundred feet span over
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers is an obstruc-
tion. let them call witnesses upon that subject.
1 have here, Mr. President, resolutions
adopted by a meeting of the manufacturers
and principal business men of Pittsburg, the
meeting being presided over by the mayor, all
to (he same effect with what I have read; and
also resolutions of the Coal Exchange of Pitts-
burg and various bodies of business men to
the same effect. I will not detain the Senate
this morning by reading these resolutions. I
will, however, lay them before the committee,
and 1 have deemed it my duty to present the
matter to the Senate in this way, because from
the attention and examination 1 have given to
it 1 am satisfied it is of the first impoitauce to
tilt; people of the northwestern States.
I hope that this Paducah bridge bill will not
pass m its present form, and that the Cincin-
nati bridge bill will not pass; and I hope that
the law authorizing the construction of ten
bridges on the upper Mississippi will be re-
pealed. None of them have yet been con-
strur-ted, but if built in accordance with the
lav/ by which they are authorized they will
utterly destroy the navigation of the river. I
hope the law authorizing them will be repealed,
or at least so modified as to require the com-
panies authorized to build those bridges to
build them with central spans of not less than
five hundred feet. The railroad companies
can do this with very little more cost, and
their interests will be protected, while the navi-
gation of these great rivers will be preserved.
That is all I have to say this morning, Mr.
President. I ask that the documents which I
submit may be referred to the committee with
the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to make a
few remarks on those documents before they I
are referred. I
The PRESIDENT pi o tempore. The morn- |
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the I
Chair to call up the unfinished business of the
last sitting.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say a
very few words. My friend from Indiana will
find the subject surrounded with a great many
difficulties, and I want to point out some of
those difficulties before itgoes to the committee.
That is all.
Mr. MORTON. I shall be glad to hear the
Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish my friend would
give way, that I may make a motion that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
considering this matter any other day.
Mr. SUMNER. Let my motion be put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts may be en-
tertained bv unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion is not in order. The
unfinished business is regularly before the
Senate, but it can be passed over by unani-
mous consent, if that is the wish of the body.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that that be done.
, 'The PRESIDENT protempore. If there be
^ho objection the unfinished business will be
waived for the present, that the Senator from
Kansas may make his remarks on the matter
brought before the Senate by the resolution of
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator from Kansas
desire to consider that subject this morning?
Mr. POMEROY. Not at any length ; only
for five or ten minutes.
Mr. HENDERSON. What subject is it?
Mr. POMEROY. The subject of bridges oil
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, to which the
Senator from Indiana has directed the attention
of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Then theunfinishedbusiness, I
understand, will be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside informally if that is the desire of the
Senate. No objection being made, the Sena-
tor from Kansas will proceed.
Mr. POMEROY. I was only about, to say
that the subject is surrounded with difficulties.
There are great difficulties in making a general
law applicable to all places and all rivers. 1
admit that it is very desirable, so far as the
river navigation is concerned, that there should
be no piers and to have suspension bridges
everywhere ; but the practical question is can
such bridges bo erected everywhere. The en-
gineers, troin whom letters have been read, say
that there should be no spans short of five hun-
dred feet in the center of the river. Now, sir,
there are no five hundred feet spans in this
country or any country where the bridge rests
upon pieis. That is not practicable. I admit
that a suspension bridge may be bH'ilt one thou-
sand feet or twelve hundred feet wide, and
they are supported every five or ten feet from
the vast cable that forms the arch, and 1 do
not know but that they could be built two thou-
sand feet. But we are passing laws to enable
railroad companies to bridge the rivers upon
piers ill the form of truss bridges, and no truss
bridge in this country or any country has been
deemed safe over one hundred and fifty feet, or
what they call three hundred feet span. The
Senate, I suppose, are aware that if a pivot
draw is used and the span is three hundred feet
the draw itself must be six hundred feet bo-
sides the width of the pier on which the draw
stands. If Senators who have had their atten-
tion directed to this matter will conceive of a
draw six hundred feet long to be turned up and
down the river upon a pivot in the wind they
will see the almost utter impossibility of a draw
of that character being that length even : and
yet the Senator and these engineers insist that
it should be five bundled feet, and if five hundred
feet span the dtaw must be one thousand feet
besides the width of the pier on which it stands.
Mi. MORTON. The Senator from Kansas
perhaps did not understand me correctly. I
am opposed, as I understand this question, to.
all draw-bridges across the river, it would be
perhaps impracticable to have a draw of five
hundred feet, on each side of the pivot, which
would make it one thousand feet. Thai is not,
contended for by anybody, but the draw-bridwe
which is authorized by this bill has a draw 5f
only one bundled and sixty feet, which would
not even admit many of the tows. They
cannot get into it at all, because they are ten
or twenty or thirty feet wider than the draw.
I do not contend for any draw-briuge of that
size. I do not know that it is practicable.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to say, Mr.
President, that it is not practicable in every
place upon every river to make a suspension
bridge. It becomes a question whether the
public interests require and demand any bridge
at all. If a bridge of any character and of
any dimensions is demanded b}* the public
interest and by the necessity of making a con-
nection with railroads from each side of the
river, then it is a serious question for those who
legislate to determine what kind of a bridge is
necessary. I admit, as the Senator from In-
diana says, that a suspension bridge is the
better bridge where it can be constructed; but
suppose you have low banks and no bluffs on
either side, no quarry, no rock to fasten your
cables to, and it is impossible to get a train up
ninety or one hundred feet, what are you to
do? The Senator from Indiana says he wants
the bridge fifty or sixty feet above high water.
The Ohio river rises and falls from thirty-seven
to forty feet. Put your bridge sixty feet above
that, and your train will be one hundred feet
Mi the air above low water, and you are expected
to build up piers one hundred feet above low
water and run a train over them. Mr. Pres-
ident, it is impracticable—it is impossible.
In the next place I wish to say that on the
Ohio and the Mississippi and the Missouri
rivers, where my attention has been called to
it, there there are places where a suspension
bridge is entirely impracticable and out of the
question, where it will be next, to impossible to
elevate the train so high : and then you cannot
fasten m the banks on either side your cables,
because there is nothing but what is known in
this country as bottom ground on each side,
and therefore the bridge must, from the nature
of the case, be placed upon piers ; and if upon
piers it must have a draw ; and if a draw, then
I say it is impossible from any engineering
known m this country or any country to make
the span over three hundred feet. That has
never yet been done. There is going to be an
effort to try to accomplish it; but a bridge
resting upon piers with a span of three hundred
feet has not been accomplished yet. I do not
know what may be done with a truss bridge
combined with the suspension principle ; but
the experiment has not yet succeeded with a
bridge simply resting upon piers, although it
has been attempted in two or three places.
1 rose simply to say that this subject is sur-
rounded with difficulties if we intend to make
a general law applicable to every river and to
every place. Each point where a river is to
be bridged must be judged of by itself, and that
character of bridge must be adopted in the
law which is adapted to the necessities of the
particular ease. I know there are some places
where the banks themselves are not five hun-
dred feet, and yet the Senator would have a
general law compelling all spans to be five
hundred feet when five hundred feet may be
more than the entire width of the river.
So you will see, Mr. President, the entire
fallacy, in fact the utter inutility, of making a
general law applicable to ail rivers and all
place«. The committee have had this matter
under consideration at various times, and have
not, yet found it practicable to report a general
law, but only to report each individual case
according to the circumstances ot the place
and the river where the bridge was to be built.
The Senator says that these barges are one
hundred and fifty feet in width. Vv e have had
a eoutcst or two before the committee on that
