3572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
building hospitals, and that work continued to
thrive. For many years marine hospitals
seemed to become all at once a favorite instru-
mentality with those who had secured advan-
tageous town sites and wanted to build up a
town. One of their first efforts was to get an
appropriation for a marine hospital. They
were built where there were town sites or where
it was thought there was a good chance to start
a town. I cannot ascertain that there was ever
a dollar appropriated to build a marine hospital
at New York. I understand they have one
there; they use one; but how they came by it
1 do not know. Nor do I understand that there
was ever a dollar appropriated to build a hos-
pital in Philadelphia. There never was any
money appropriated out of the Treasury to
build one at Boston. But large sums of money
have been appropriated to build hospitals on
rn ^'.SS'SS'PP' river all the way up and down.
There is one at Napoleon, in Arkansas, to build
which some sixty or seventy thousand dollars
have been expended. I came across that in
looking over the statutes, and it cost me a great
deal of study to ascertain where Napoleon was.
I had never seen it, and never heard of any-
body that had seen it, and never have yet seen
but one man who acknowledged having seen
it, and I came across him this morning, I
asked him if he ever was there; he said he was.
I asked him what sort of a town it was, and he
said there was no (own; there was nothing
there but a marine hospital. Evidently the
marine hospital is worth a good many times
what all the rest of the town is.
But. up to 1837 this twenty cents a month
furnished a sufficient fund to take care of the
seamen. Then you had no marine hospitals.
Nowyou build them everywhere. This amend-
ment does not propose to make any disposi-
tion of those; they are there at the service of
the merchant marine, furnishing ample accom-
modations in the towns where they are found
for all the seamen who are likely ever to con-
gregate there. If, however, the twenty cents
a month is not enough—and I cannot conceive
why it is not enough to-day if it was thirty
years ago it seems to me the remedy is to
authorize the collection of a larger sum; but
1 have no statistics to satisfy me that there is
more sickness in the merchant marine to-day
than there was then. The marine may be
larger; there may be a larger number of men
employed; if so, there is a larger revenue, a
larger fund collected by the twenty cents a
month. But if that percentage is not large
enough, it seems to me clearly that the Gov-
ernment should collect more. We have spent
several million dollars in the construction of
these hospitals, and I think the Government
Has done already all that it ought to do to sup-
port that class of our laboring men. There is
no provision of law directing the expenditure
of this money; it is appropriated just as the
Decretory of the Treasury sees fit to appro-
priate it. I have no reason to suppose he does
not dispose of it as fairly as anybody else
would: but 1 do not think it ought to be appro-
prmted for this purpose any longer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the principles
upon which this appropriation has been made
are very well understood by gentlemen who
have considered the subject at all. In the first
place, it is supposed to be of very great conse-
quence to the country that the commerce of
the country should be sustained in all proper
modes. _ Of course, it is not to be sustained by
appropriating money out of the Treasury for
that purpose. As a general rule, it sustains
itself; but gentlemen know very well that at
some periods of our history commerce has been
very prosperous and at other periods of our
history it has been very much depressed; and
according as it is prosperous or depressed
undoubtedly will be the amount received to
make up this fund which is applied for the
relief ol sick and disabled seamen. There is
very great difference between the class and
kind of men who are employed as seamen and
tfcos.e who are employed in agricultural and in
other pursuits. They arc a shiftless class of
men, never providing for themselves, as lias
been known from the very beginning of com-
merce, spending all they get as they go, having
no homes, as a general rule, and no friends,
while other men employed in other pursuits
have homes and have friends. Owing to the
cliaracterofthemen themselves and theimport-
anee of sustaining commerce all nations en-
gaged iu commerce have recognized the neces-
sity of making some provision for the care of
these men when they are sick and disabled. If
no provision is made for them by Government,
the result is that they are uncared for and they
die; they are leftto suffer and perish. This is
particularly the case, as I am told by my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] on the Missis-
sippi river, and that was the occasion for the
erection of hospitals there. There are many
men ^ employed on the steamers on that river,
and if they get sick they are put on shore, and
there is nobody to take of them : they are neg-
lected, and they perish, which isnotvery much
to the credit of any people.
_ Consequently, as I have said, all commer-
cial people have deemed it necessary to make
some provision for the support of this class of
men when they have become sick or disabled
for the time, in order to take care of them
until they may return to their ordinary pur-
suits. With a view to do this it was thought
no more than just to impose upon the wages
of seamen a certain taxation, and a law was
early passed by which a certain amount is taken
from the monthly wages for this very purpose,
and it is called in the shipping papers and set-
tlements that are made between the sailors and
their employers "hospital money," and it is
always calculated by the merchant; when he
pays off a seaman he takes so much hospital
money, that is twenty cents a month, from the
pay that may be due to the seaman, and the
merchant pays it over to the Government.
In the early periods of our commerce the
practice was to provide, in every principal
place, for the care of the seamen, by making a
contract at so much per month, or so much per
week, with somebody to take care of him.
Nobody can be taken care of in that way except
on a certificate from the collector of the poit.
He ascertains the facts and gives a certificate,
and on that certificate the sick or disabled sea-
man is put under the care of the party who has
contracted for so much per month or per week
to take care of him until he is restored or dies.
In the early history of the Government this
hospital money accumulated ; and gentlemen
will bear in mind, undoubtedly, that the early
period of our history was an exceedingly pros-
perous period for our commerce. We have had,
as I before_ remarked, ups and downs ia our
commerce since; some periods at which it has
been extraordinarily prosperous, and a great
deal of money, comparatively, was received
from this fund, and others in which it fell off
and the fund was reduced. As our nation grew
greater it was thought advisable to take some
portion of this money which had thus accumu-
lated and build hospitals, as other commercial
people do. We have naval hospitals as other
naval people have, and we also have these
marine hospitals for the care of the seamen
engaged in the merchant service.
^ For a long period of time all the expense of
taking care of the seamen was paid out of this
fund which had been deducted from their own
wages, and it seems that at one time Congress
having a surplus misappropriated a part of the
fund and appropriated it for naval purposes,
which was wholly unjustifiable, as the Senator
from Wisconsin has said. At a later period we
have drawn upon the fund very largely for the
erection of marine hospitals. The fund has
been m a very good condition generally. Many
marine hospitals have been erected in the coun-
try; but whether all of them have been erected
out or this fund or not 1 am not able to say.
We have undoubtedly erected more than were
necessary. More than were necessary were
erected on the Mississippi river, and some were
erected upon the lakes. Since I have been here
I know it was once rather fashionable for every
gentleman who lived at a shipping port to get
a hospital for his place. I remember that one
was procured by the late Senator Foot for
Burlington, in the State of Vermont. That has
since been found to be useless, and it has been
sold and the money put into the Treasury. So
I think with some hospitals on the Mississippi
riyer. I believe there was one at Galena which
has never been used to any extent. Whether
it has been sold or not I do not know. There
was one erected in Iowa, I presume at Dubuque
or at Burlington.
Mr. HARLAN. At Burlington.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And that I think has
been sold. I remember that the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] said it was of no
use, and proposed to sell it. Perhaps there are
some others which should be sold. But in that
manner, and owing to the great falling off of
our commerce during the war, this fund has
been undoubtedly very much reduced; it has
been exhausted, and the condition of things is
such that the receipts from it are not sufficient
to supply so much money as has been expended
for the annual wants of seamen.
The simple question that presents itself to
tlie_ Senate is this: shall we abandon this
policy ? Shall we now adopt a line of conduct
with regard to our merchant, service that no
other mercantile nation on the face of the
earth does adopt ? Shall we say that this class
of men, shiftless, improvident as they are,
liable to accident, liable to disease, with
nobody to take care of them—because the
moment they are discharged at the end of a
voyage the owner of the vessel has no further
interest in them—shall be suffered to go un-
cared for ? Or shall we maintain the system
that we have hitiierto maintained, and get as
much as we can from the wages of the seamen
and appropriate it for their benefit. Is it
advisable to strike this blow at once at the
marine hospitals and at the fund itself, and
s&y that, sick or disabled or not the seamen
engaged in our merchant service, in our com-
merce, external and internal, shall be entirely
uncared for at the present time; that we will
not meet this deficiency arising from the
causes to which I have alluded and to which
the honorable Senator himself has alluded ;
that we will just close our hospitals up, put an
end to our contracts where there are contracts,
and refuse to follow out the system adopted at
the very beginning of our existence as a nation,
and let this class of men go uncared for? You
could not strike a heavier and more severe
blow at the commerce of the country than you
wo?y,d° by adopting any such idea as that,
^ c P? '■his occasion will not now for
the first time be seized upon, and these sea-
men left to all the suffering which would be
occasioned by the want of an appropriation of
this description.
Mr. MORTON. I think, Mr. President,
this is a question of humanity. I believe that
humanity demands that there shall be a pro-
vision, and ample provision, made for our
sailors and for those employed upon our rivers
and lakes. Ihe deck hands on steamboats—
the river sailors if you please—and those upon
the ocean and upon the lakes are notoriously
an improvident and reckless class of men.
lneir habits are such that they do not save
money; not perhaps one in twenty-five of them ;
fi? uV they are taken sick they are put off
tne boat, and if there is is not some public
provision made for them they are left to die.
lake, for example, the Mississippi river,
there is a great deal of sickness among those
who are employed on steamboats, flatboats,
and other craft navigating the lower Missis-
sippi river. These men are of a class not
taken into private houses. They are. a class
ot men who have few local friends to take care
of them. If a sailor is attacked with yellow
jever on a steamboat on the Mississippi river
he is put off at the first landing. The captain
may get some poor man to say that he will
