THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
the orders under a claim of legal right, and
that General Thomas received them because,
as a subordinate officer, he thought it was his
duty. Such conduct does not define a con-
spiracy.
It only remains for me to consider the con-
duct of the President in issuing the order for
the removal of Mr. Stanton from the office of
Secretary of War, and the ad interim appoint-
ment of General Thomas. The force and effect
of the ad interim appointment must depend
upon the validity of- the order for the removal
of Mr. Stanton. If the removal did not in law
take place upon the issueof the order, then, as
Mr. Stanton did not surrender the office, the
appointment did not clothe General Thomas
with any authority—it was a blank, without
legal force or meaning. If Mr. Stanton's com-
mission did not become revoked, the appoint-
ment of General Thomas was of no more force
or consequence than a second deed by the
same grantor.
Had the President the authority to remove
Mr. Stanton? According to the provisions of
the act of August 7, 1/89, creating the War
Department and the terms of his commission,
Mr. Stanton held the office "during the pleasure
of the President of the United States for the
time being." That act expressly recognized
the power of the President to remove the Sec-
retary of War at any time. It did not confer
the power, but recognized it as already pos-
sessed, the provision being that "whenever
the said principal officer (the Secretary) shall
be removed from office by the President of the
United States, and in any other case of va-
cancy," the chief clerk of the Department
shall for the time being have charge of the
records, books, &e. Under that law, Mr.
Stanton received his commission from Presi-
dent Lincoln, January -15, 1862, " to hold the
said office, with all the powers, &c., during
the pleasure of the President of the United
States for the time being." Has that law been
repealed or amended in that respect. The
tenure-of-office act of March 2, 1867, has no
repealing clause, and therefore repeals or
modifies the act of 1789 only so far as the
two acts cannot stand together. Mr. Stanton's
term of office, as fixed by the law and his com-
mission, was during the will of the President,
and I think a proper construction of the first
section of the tenure-of-office act leaves that
unchanged. He was appointed during Mr.
Lincoln's first term, which expired on the 4th
of March, 1865, and therefore it is unnecessary
to consider the question which has been dis-
cussed, whether Mr. Johnson is filling the
office for Mr. Lincoln's unexpired term, or
whether he has his own term of office ; for it
is quite certain that he is not in the term during
which Mr. Stanton was appointed. The first
and second terms of the presidential office for
which Mr. Lincoln was elected were as distinct,
under the Constitution, as if another had been
elected in his stead for the sceond.
If the tenure of Mr. Stanton's office be
changed by the tenure-of-office act it is by the
proviso to the first section, and clearly the pro-
viso has no such effect. The proviso is that the
Cabinet officers " shall hold their offices re-
spectively for and during the term of the Pres-
ident, by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter." Not having
been appointed during the existing presiden-
tial term, Mr. Stanton has no new term be-
stowed upon him, but he still holds, in the
language of his commission, "during the pleas-
ure of the President." This obvious construc-
tion of the language is strengthened by a con-
sideration of the history of the tenure-of-office
bill. It first passed the Senate in such form
as expressly to exclude all Cabinet officers. In
the House it was so amended as to include
them.. The Senate disagreed to that amend-
ment. A committee of conference was the
result of this disagreement between the two
Houses. In this condition of the measure it
will be observed that the .Senate insisted that
Cabinet officers should not be included at' all, I
and the House insisted that they should be
included just as other officers are. The con-
ference committee considered this question of
disagreement and settled it upon the propo-
sition, then supposed to be just, that each
President shall have the selection of his own
Cabinet officers, and shall not be required to
continue the Secretaries of his predecessor.
The Senate conceded that a President, having
selected his own Cabinet, shall continue them
during his term, and the House conceded that
he shall not be required to continue the Cabi-
net of his predecessor, or any member thereof.
Upon that adjustment the bill passed. This
construction was then put upon the proviso in
the Senate—for when the bill came back from
the committee with the proviso, as the com-
promise between the two Houses, Mr. Sher-
man, of the committee, said:
"That this provision does not apply to the pres-
ent case is shown by the fact that its language is so
framed as not lo apply to the present President. The
Senator [Mr. Doolittle] shows that himself, and
argues truly that it would not prevent the present
President from removing the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of State."
This construction of the bill was then acqui-
esced in by the silence of the other members
of the conference committee, and not disagreed
to by any Senator; and thereupon the Senate
agreed to its passage. And now, by adhering
to that construction, we have just what the
Senate then intended, what is plainly just and
right—that the President shall select his own
constitutional advisers—and what will promote
the harmony and efficient action of the exec-
utive department, and we avoid a question of
serious difficulty. If the act be so construed
as to include Mr. Stanton's case, the constitu-
tional question arises whether Congress can by
law extend the term and change the tenure of
an office after the appointment has been made
with the consent of the Senate. Such con-
struction would-allow that after the appointing
power under the Constitution had bestowed the
office, the legislative department, having no
power of appointment, might bestow an addi-
tional term upon the officer, and thus become
an appointing power. It is gratifying that the
language of the act, the history of its enact-
ment, the legislative construction, the obvious
intention of the Senate, and the highest inter-
ests of the public service all allow me to so
construe the act as to avoid this grave question.
Mr. Stanton's case not being within the tenure-
of-office act, the power of the President to
make the removal is beyond doubt; and the
only question remaining is, did he have the
power to make the appointment of General
Thomas ad interim ? There is great force in
the opinion that has been expressed that the
constitutional obligation upon the President to
see that the laws be executed carries with it
the power to use such agencies as may be
clearly necessary in the absence of legislative
provision. In that view it would appear that, in
the case of a vacancy in an office and until it
could be filled, in the case of sickness, absence
from the post of duty, or other disability of an
officer to discharge the duties, the President
might designate some person to discharge them
in the mean time, to the end that the laws might
be executed and the public service suffer no
harm. And this opinion seems to have been
entertained by our most eminent and revered
Presidents, for they made very many such ad
interim appointments without the pretense of
legislative authority. But in the case now be-
fore this court we need not consider this ques-
tion, for, in my judgment, the authority of the
President to make the ad interim appointment,
as well during the session as the recess of the
Senate, is clearly established by law.
Section eigfffof the act of May 8,1792, pro-
vides as follows:
" That in case of the death, absence from the seat
of Government, or sicklier of the Secretary of State,
of Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary of
the War Department, or of any oilicer of cither of
the said Departments whose appointment is not in
the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the
duties of then- said i :h;ti\ e otiiees.it thai! be law-
ful for the Prcfcident ot the Unite'! State?, in caso he
shall think it necessary, to authorize any person .or
persons, at his discretion, to perform the duties of -
the said respective offices until a successor be ap-
pointed, or until such absence or inability by sick-
ness shall cease."
It will be observed that this section author^
ized ad interim appointments only in three of
the Departments, that is, in the Departments
of State, Treasury, and War ; and only in three
cases, that is, the eases of death, absence from
the seat of Government, and sickness of the
head of the Department or other officer. It
fails to provide for the temporary supply of
the service of any vacancy occurring otherwise
than by death. That omission was in part
supplied by the act of February 13, 1795,- but
only as to the same three Departments. That
act is as follows:
_ " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in case of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, orof theSecretary
of the Department of War, or of any officer of either
of the said Departments whose appointment is not in
the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the
duties of their said respective offices, it snail bo law-
ful for the President of the United States, in case lie
shall think it necessary, to authorize any person or
persons, at his discretion, to jjerform the duties of
the said respective offices until a successor he ap-
pointed or such vacancy be filled: Provided, That no
one vacancy shall be supplied in manner aforesaid
for a longer term than six months."
It will be observed that this act of 1795 pro-
vides a temporary supply of the service in all
eases of vacancies, whether caused by death,
resignation, removal from office, or expiration
of the term, but makes no provision for t"ie
cases of temporary disability already provided
for by the act of 1792, and therefore does not
repeal that act. Both acts remained in force
without further legislation on the subject until
the passage of the act of February 20, 18fi3,
which is as follows:
" That in case of death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, or sickness of the head of
any eAccutive Department of the Government, or of
any officer of either of the said Departments whose
appointment is notin the head thereof, whereby they
cannot perforin the duties ot their respective offices,
it shaH be lawful for the President of the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize the head of any other executive Department, or
other officer in either of said Departments, whoso
appointment is vested in the President, at his dis-
cretion, to perform the duties of the said respective
offices until a successor be appointed, or until such
ahsenceor inability by sickness shall cease: Provided,
That no one vacancy shall be supplied in manner
aforesaid for a longer term than six months."
The legislative purpose in the enactment of
this law was not to repeal the act of February
13, 1795, but to extend the provisions of the
act of May 8, 1792, to the other Departments.
During the previous month President Lincoln
had called the attention of Congress to the
subject in the following message:
Washington, January 2,1863.
To the Senate and Howie of Representative's:
I submit to Congress the expediency of oxtending
to other Departments of the Government the author-
ity conferred on the Piesident by the eighth section
of the act of the 8th of May, 1792, to appoint a person
to temporarily discharge the duties of Secretary of
State, Secretary of the Treasury, and Secretary of
War, in case ot the death, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness of either of those officers.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
It was in response to that message that the
act of 1863 was passed, and it does not appear
that the attention of Congress was at all called
to the act of 1795. Neither its history nor the
provisions of the act of 1863 justify us in believ-
ing that it was the intention of Congress thereby
to repeal the act of 1795. The acts are not
inconsistent; both can stand; both must re-
main, for the act of 1795 provides for two cases
of vacancy—-by removal and by expiration of
the term—not provided for in the act of 1863.
It is not questioned that the act of 1795, if un-
repealed. confers upon the President the power
to provide temporarily for the service in the
case of a removal, and, therefore, I need not,
further consider this part of the case, except to
add that the tenure-of office act does not, iu
terms or by implication, repeal either the act
of 1795 or the act of 1803. It has no repeal-
ing clause, and there is no such inconsistency
in the provisions of the acts us to cause a repeal
by implication. There is tile same necessity
