1867.
THE OON"<tRESSIONATj &LOBB.
141
hopes of holders, and therefore, also, the prices
of bonds.
In 1866 the average price offive-twenty bonds
was $105 46. Part of this amount is due
to the accruing interest, which varied from
•nothing to six months' arrears, making an
average of three months, $1 50 in gold. The
average price of gold during that year was
$141 G6. The interest portion of the price,
therefore, was $2 12, leaving the part due to
principal about $103 34. Now, the problem
to be solved is, upon what hypothesis was the
principal of the bond worth no more than
$108 34 on July 1, 1866, the average date of
the year? The interest being payable in gold
would make the principal worth more than
$100. If the principal were also payable in
gold at maturity the bond should have been
worth its face in gold $141 66, as compared
with other Government and individual securi-
ties in the same market. That hypothesis,
therefore, will not do. Let us look further.
These bonds, as I have already intimated, are
maturing. Now, supposing them to be paya-
ble in currency on J anuary 1,1868, what would
$100 of them have been worth on July 1,1866,
with gold at the average rate during that year?
This is simply a matter of calculation. Any
one who will take the trouble to make it will
find that a bond of $100, bearing gold inter-
est, and with gold at the average price of the
year, the principal payable in currency on Jan-
uary 1, 1868, was worth on July 1, 1866, just
$103 95, sixty-one cents more than the average
price of the year. If payable on January 1,
1869, and even allowing for the fall of gold
until its average price for the entire time
would be only $130, the value on July 1,1866,
would be $105 02.
One cannot examine a single list of quota-
tions in the daily papers without being con-
vinced that the holders of these bonds have
no expectation of being paid in anything but
currency at the maturity of their bonds. In
that of November 23, 1867, gold is quoted
at 139^, and five-twenties at 108. About
seventy cents of this is due to accruing interest,
leaving the price of the principal $107 30.
Some of this is probably due to the hopes raised
by this discussion ; but let that pass. A cal-
culation will show that with gold at that price,
the bonds were worth just those figilres on that
day if they are to be paid in currency in three
years and a half, before the expiration of half
the time allowed for the option of the Govern-
ment. By the same report the seven-thirty
notes are quoted at 105§, not two dollars per
hundred less than the five-twenties. Now
this difference is due to the difference of in-
terest, the former being $7 30 and the latter
$8 35, strengthening the inference that the
holders expect both to be paid at maturity in
the same currency.
It has been asked why the ten-forty bonds
are constantly quoted from five to ten dol-
lars less per $100 than the five-twenties if the
latter are not to be paid as the former are, in
gold at maturity. The answer is easy. The
ten-forty loan is at five per"cent, in gold, the
principal payable in gold at the end of ten
years, but not demandable until the expiration
of forty years. Now it is not to be presumed
that the Government will pay those bonds
before the end of the forty years. While six
per cent, bonds are outstanding it would be
folly to pay five per cent, ones before payment
can be demanded. If we shall have returned
to specie payments within that period, the
provision tor the payment of the principal in
coin is of no value to the holder. All other
debts will then be paid in the same manner.
In that event we have simply a five per cent,
loan and a six per cent, loan placed side by
side in the market, and the entire difference is
accounted for.
The average price of the ten-forty bonds in
1866 was $96 69. Of this $1 25 in gold or
$1 77 in currency was due to accruing interest,
leaving $94 92 as the market price ot the prin-
cipal. Taking the middle date of July 1,1866,
and assuming that we will arrive at specie pay-
ments by a gradual process in ten years from
that date, and that the bonds will not be paid
until their final maturity, I have taken the pains
to calculate the true value of those bonds on
that day, counting money to be worth six per
cent, per annum, and I find it to be $94 46,
just forty-six cents less than the average price
i'or the year. It would seem that the dealings
of the brokers' board are based either on nice
calculations or remarkably good guessing.
A bond, the principal and interest of which
is payable in gold, ought to be in no way
affected by the depreciation of the currency.
What difference could it make to the holder
of such a bond if the inflationists should suc-
ceed in bringing about the state of things once
existing in France, when it took ten thousand
francs in paper to pay for a single dinner? Such
a bond at six per cent, ought in this country
always to be worth par in gold, and it would be
to-day.
Having shown, as well as I am able to do it,
that the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is no more open to the charge
of repudiation than is any payment of public
indebtedness in depreciated paper, and that
these bond-holders have no right to expect, and
never did expect, payment of their principal
in any currency except what may be legal
tender at the time of payment, I proceed to
that portion of his scheme of finance from
which I entirely dissent.
He assumes that there is now no redundancy
of currency; that such redundancy would be
impossible if currency and interest-bearing
bonds were readily convertible into one an-
other at the pleasure of the holder. He pro-
poses to issue $300,000,000 more of legal-
tender notes, and a similar amonnt of bonds
bearing a low rate of interest, Which shall be
placed in convenient public depositories, so that
any man having more money than he needs in
his business may "at any day and any hour"
exchange it for bonds, and reconvert the bonds
into currency whenever he may need it.
This scheme the gentleman calls "an
automatic financial system, self-regulating, or
rather regulated by the great law of supply
and demand," and under it he says "there can
be no redundancy of currency," no inflation,
no depreciation.
I would like to be informed whether there is
any other test of the redundancy of a currency
than the price at which it passes in the uni-
versal currency of the commercial world. I
certainly know none other. What is meant by
a redundant currency? Let us first settle that
question. Let there be no dispute about the
meaning of words. While the prices of other
things are measured in currency, currency
itself has also its price. This i3 measured in
the prices of all exchangeable commodities,
and is governed by the laws of trade, founded
upon the relation between supply and demand,
like all other prices. If there should be more
than is needed for the wants of the community
the price will go down, if less, the price will
rise.
It is impossible to tell except by the experi-
ment how much money is needed by a com-
munity, and even the experiment will only
enable us to fix the amount within wide limits
between which it will fluctuate. There are too
many elements of uncertainty in the problem.
So much depends upon the habits of the peo-
ple and upon the oscillations between over-
confidence and unreasonable distrust that the
amount varies with different communities of
equal size, and with the same community at
different periods of time. But whatever the
required volume of currency is its aggregate
purchasing power cannot be permanently
increased by increasing the volume. Put
$100,000,000 of gold afloat in a community
already supplied, and the first effect would be
to stimulate business and to raise prices. This
would make the community worse to bay in and
better to sell in. Exports would fall off and
imports would increase. The final result would
be that the excess would go abroad to pay the
balance of trade, and the volume of currency
would remain as at first with the old prices
restored. But if no part of the increased vol-
ume can go abroad, as, for example, if the
whole should be in irredeemable paper, then
the final result would not be reached. The rise
of prices would go on as before and continue
until the purchasing power of the entire mass
would be reduced to what it was before the
increase of volume. When the equilibrium is
restored fey the former of these processes, that
is, by the export of gold, it is manifest that
there would not be too much money in the
community. When it is restored by the latter,
by depreciation, it is equally plain that there
wpuld not be too much money. There would
be alternations of tight and easy money mar-
kets as in ordinary times, but business would
be transacted with a lower measure of value.
The effect of depreciating the currency may
be likened to shortening the yard-stick. When
an equilibrium is reached, and prices have
accommodated themselves to the new measure,
there would be precisely the same amount of
cloth sold, but there would be more yards of it.
It is impossible that there should be perma-
nently too much currency in any community at
the price at whieh it will pass when time shall
have enabled'the laws of trade to fix that price.
No matter what the volume is there is some
price at which it will pass and not be in ex-
cess.
We have, it is said, about seven hundred
millions of currency. From the lapse of time
and other circumstances we may infer that it has
found its proper price measured in exchange-
able things. That price is about seventy cents
to the dollar. We are using, therefore, an
aggregate purchasing power of $490,000,000
at the gold standard. This is probably about
what we require.
Now, it is plain that we have too little cur-
rency at fifty cents to the dollar, too much at
one hundred cents to the dollar, and just about
enough at seventy cents.
To say that we have too much or too little
currency is to talk nonsense, unless we put in
expressly or by implication the element of
price. We have too much to pass at par, but
not too much to pass at the price at which it
passes. When we speak of a redundant cur-
rency the price is embraced within the propo-
sition by implication ; we mean there is too
much of it to pass at its nominal value in the
currency of the commercial world.
I therefore deny the first proposition of the
gentleman frpm Massachusetts. I affirm that
our currency is redundant, and as the only
legitimate eVidence upon the question on either
side I point him to the reports of the money
markets of our country and Europe for the
proof of- my assertion.
It seems a financial paradox to some that
there should be at the same time a redundancy
of currency and a tightness in the money market,
but the application of a few plain principles
solves the whole difficulty. No matter what
the volume of currency is, as soon as prices
have become adapted to it an equilibrium is
produced, the stimulating effect of inflation has
ceased, and the laws of trade operate upon the
entire mass as if there had been no inflation,
making alternately plenty and scarcity, owing
to the changing wants and habits of the people.
When this period is reached the community is
only using its natural aggregate purchasing
power, which would be the same whether meas-
ured in sovereigns, francs, dollars, or legal-
tender notes.
In cases of inflation it is only during the pro-
cess of adaptation of prices to the new measure
that money is superabundant and that business
is unnaturally stimulated. When the adapta-
tion is once established the reaction alone,
without a diminution of volume, would produce
a scarcity of money. This, however, would
only be temporary, and would be the first of
the oscillations between plenty and scarcity at
the new standard of value. With continued
diminution of volume this scarcity would con-
tinue with varying intensity until the commu-
nity had compensated by financial distress all
