1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3573
take care of him ; but what a chance ? What
capacity has he got for doing it? There must
be provision made for these men or they will
he left to die like the brute. I believe it is
done by every country, and 1 think ours should
not be the first one to abandon such a humane
policy.
I raay say, in this connection, that there is
a great defect in our system of marine hospi-
tals. They are worse managed than any other
class of hospitals. For example, there is no
superintendent of these hospitals. I am told
that the business of these hospitals is all con-
ducted by a couple of clerks in the Treasury
Department, who are neither physicians nor
surgeons, but mere clerks, and that there is
nobody to manage, to go and inspect, and
look after the hospitals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to say that a bill has passed the Senate
authorizing the appointment of a superintend-
ent of marine hospitals.
Mr. MORTON. I know it has passed the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has gone to the House
of Representatives, and I am told it will pass
there. That will supply that very defect.
Mr. SUMNER. Has such a bill passed
during this session?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; a few weeks
ago.
Mr. MORTON. That is a very important
measure.
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
Mr. MORTON. I am told that under the
management of these two clerks they have no
power, perhaps, to prevent it; they do not
know what was necessary. In a certain hos-
pital not very far from this city there was
charged for, in the account sent here to be
adjusted, enough of a certain article of medi-
cine purchased for the use of that hospital at
large prices that would supply all the ordinary
practitioners in the United States for one year.
I was told so by a very eminent physician who
was speaking about this matter. But believ-
ing that that difficulty is about to be removed
I want to say that on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers marine hospitals can scarcely be too
abundant. Why? They may not be full of
patients. It is better that there should be no
patients than that they should be full. They
are required at various points along the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers. A bill passed the Sen-
ate here by inadvertence the other day to sell
the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana. I
am told the hospital has been abandoned in
some way. I was written to by the people in
Evansville, saying that the hospital ought not
to be sold, lout ought to be carried on as a marine
hospital, that there was great demand for it.
Provision was made for the sale of that hospital
by a bill that passed the Senate, but was recalled
on my motion from the House; and it was to be
sold for $10,100—property that cost the Gov-
ernment more than $60,000—and which is
demanded now for the very purposes for which
it was constructed.
It is well known that the policy of those
conducting steamboats and every kind of craft,
not only on the rivers but on the lakes, is to put
their sick off at the earliest moment; they are
afraid of contagion on the boat; it may be yel-
low fever; it maybe small-pox; it may be
typhoid fever. It is necessary to remove the
sick persons for the purpose of keeping the
boat healthy, and therefore the demand for
having these hospitals at many points on the
rivers, lakes, and coast. Some of them may
have hut, few patients, but those few patients
are entitled to be taken care of. Humanity
belongs to the few as well as to the many; and
1 deprecate the policy of selling these hospitals,
and I hope that the amendment of thecommit-
tee striking out this appropriation will not pass.
1 say it is a mere question of humanity.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the policy
of taking care of seamen has been adopted
almost from the beginning of navigation by
every commercial nation. We adopted it, I
think, in 1798, without any doubt of the power
to do it, under the authority conferred upon
Congress to regulate commerce; and it has
been continued from that time to the present.
The mode of doing it originally, which is still
carried out, was to retain a certain proportion
of their pay, twenty cents a month, I think, to
constitute a fund with which to pay the expenses
of the hospitals that might be erected. TJiat
fund proved altogether inefficient, I think, in
1815, and from that time to this, appropria-
tions have been annually made as they were
needed.
As was stated by the honorable member from
Maine, this class of people is a peculiar one.
They are reckless ; they are subjected to hard-
ships greater than those to which men in other
occupations are subjected; and the result of
their harhships, being tossed upon the ocean
in all weather, subjected to every variety of
temperature, and frequently disease in various
ways, is that when they are unfit for service on
board a ship they are unfit for service on land.
They must then die or be supported. We
have thought as all other commercial nations
have thought, as I have said, that it is policy,
and as the honorable member from Indiana
says, humanity, to take care of them. It is
true, in the beginning we needed few hospitals,
but at that time there was comparatively very
little commerce. Our inland commerce is now
greater than our commerce with other nations.
The result is that all our rivers are filled with
vessels, filled with seamen ; they get sick, par-
ticularly those who ply up the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi ; they get the diseases consequent upon
the malaria which is to be found in those sec-
tions, and those diseases are more or less con-
tagious. They cannot be kept on board the
vessel, because the disease at once spreads and
the vessels could not be navigated. They will
not be taken care of on the shore generally,
for the same reason: the people on the shore
are anxious to avoid the spread of the disease.
The only way therefore to protect them is to
put them in hospitals where they will be the
patients of the Government. And there is no
class of our citizens to whom we have been
more indebted in the past, and to whom we
shall be more indebted in the future for the
commercial prosperity which has attended the
growth of the nation.
The appropriation maybe too large; I do
not know how that is; but looking over the
list of the patients who have from time to time
been received at these hospitals, it will be
found that for several years the deficit between
the amount received from the hospital fund
and the amount expended is very great. I
think the deficit in New York during the year,
the statement of which is before the honorable
chairmain, is some fifty thousand dollars; I
think in Portland, Maine, it it is about six
thousand dollars, and the same proportion
exists in the other hospitals upon the sea-coast,
and particularly those in the interior. I trust
that the appropriation will remain.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Commerce has had the subject of
marine hospitals under consideration for two
or three years. A year ago last winter the
committee recommended, and Congresspassed
a bill, disposing of a large number of these
hospitals where there were few patients, and
providing for disposing of all where the num-
ber of patients did not average twenty. It was
likewise discovered that very great abuses did
exist in these hospitals, as was stated by my
friend from Indiana, and this past, winter the
committee reported a bill creating an inspector
of hospitals. I think the measures that have
been adopted within the last two or three years
may have reduced the expenditures in these
hospitals a considerable extent, and, with the
consent of the Committee on Appropriations,
I will move to amend this clause by reducing
the appropriation from $250,000 to $100,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that will
be large enough.
Mr. CHANDLER. ThenI will say $125,000.
Mr. MORTON. It will be better to make it
$150,00®.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; then I will
move to make it $150,000; but of course it
will not be expended unless it is needed. I
am very sure that the measures adopted within
the last two years must have diminished the
necessities of expenditures for this purpose to
that extent. I move now to perfect the clause
by reducing the appropriation from $250,000
to $150,000.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michi-
gan says $150,000 are needed. Is he sure of
that ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
what was the appropriation made last year for
this purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. frESSENDEN. How much was ex-
pended ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know that;
but I am sure the measures we have intro-
duced lately will reduce the expenses very con-
siderably, and particularly the measure pro-
viding for a supervising inspector.
Mr. SUMNER. But that bill has not yet
passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has passed the Sen-
ate, and will pass the other House. If we find
that this appropriation is not enough we can
appropriate more in another bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
were of the opinion that the amount now pro-
posed would be ample to meet any deficiency
that might be expected from a reasonable
administration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There have been, un-
doubtedly, improvements made recently, and
I have no doubt that the appointment of a
superintendent will be of a good deal of value.
There has been, as my friend from Indiana
suggests, a mismanagement produced by igno-
rance. I have some little acquaintance with
that. We have one hospital in the State of
Maine, and the gentleman in charge of it told
me at one time that he had received directions
in regard to medicines, that he must use such
and such medicines, and buy of so-and-so. He
said this regulation was absurd. In the first
place, many of the medicines he was ordered
to buy were not needed; and in many cases
other medicines, which he could not buy under
the regulations, were absolutely necessary.
These regulations were made many years ago,
and the clerk in the Treasury Department, at
the head of the system, put down regulations:
'•You must have such and such medicines;
so much in quantity and of certain kinds, and
those are all you can have." The physician
to whom I refer applied to me, and I told him
to write an account of the matter to the De-
partment, and to express his views fully, and
see if he could not get this changed. He said
it was a gross absurdity, and it was only mak-
ing more expense; that it piled up medicines
he could not use, and deprived him of medicines
that he absolutely needed fordiseases that came
under his observation. I submitted his letter
to the Department,, and he at once had authority
to. make the necessary changes. I have no
doubt that a provision for a responsible super-
intendent will be of value in reforming the
whole system.
Mr. SUMNER. My hesitation now is whether
it is advisable to interfere with this clause as it
stands in the bill at all. The Senator from
Michigan proposes to cut down the appropria-
tion $100,000. If the Senator could furnish
any well-tried calculations to justify such a
cutting down, of course that would be in the
interest of economy, and I should not hesitate
to follow his suggestion ; but why will you risk
so important a charity as this when you have
not the facts that shall guide youT
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, I will say that we have disposed of
nearly half our marine hospitals, which were a
large item of expense. The bill passed a year
ago last winter, and they have been sold from
time to time. It is a very large diminution ot
