26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
Ho. of Reps.
lieport of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40tii Cong....2b Sess.
apprehensious that evil consequences might
result from it. But the Government was in
peril, the emergency was pressing;, necessity
seemed to sanction a departure from sound
principles of finance, if not from the letter of
the Constitution, and an inconvertible currency
became the lawful money of the country. While
the action of Congress, in authorizing the issue
of these notes, seemed necessary at the time,
and was undoubtedly approved by a large nia-
jority of the people, there can now, in the light
of experience, be 110 question that the appre-
hensions of those who advocated the measure
as a necessity were well founded. Had they
not been made a legal tender, the amount in cir-
culation would not have been excessive, and the
national debt would doubtless have been hun-
dreds of millions of dollars less than it is. The
issue would have been stayed before a very large
amount had been put in circulation, not because
the notes would luive been really more depre-
ciated by not being made lawful money, but
because their depreciation would have been
manifest. By being made lawful money they
became the legalized measure of value—a sub-
stitute for the precious metals— which, as a con-
sequence, were at once demonetized and con-
verted into articles of traffic. Made by statute
a legal tender, they were of course popular with
those who had debts to pay or property to sell;
costing nothing, and yet seemingly adding to
the value of property, supplying the means for
speculation and for creating an artificial and. a
delusive prosperity, it is an evidence of the wis-
dom of Congress tlmt, the issue was stopped
before the notes had become ruinously depre-
ciated and the business of the country involved
111 inextricable difficulties.
But although the issue of these notes was
limited, and we thus escaped the disasters
which would have overwhelmed the country
without such limitation, it can hardly be doubted
that the resort to them was a misfortune. If
tlii.. means of raising money had not been
adopted bonds would have undoubtedly been
sold at a heavy discount, but the fact that they
were thus sold, without debasing the currency,
would have induced greater economy in the
use of the proceeds, while the discount on the
bonds would scarcely have exceeded the actual
depreciation of the notes below the coin stand-
ard. As long as notes could be issued and
bonds could bo sold at a premium or at par, for
what the statute made money there was a con-
stant temptation to liberal if not unnecessary
expenditures. Had the specie standard been
maintained and bonds been sold at a discount for
real money there would have been an economy
in all the branches of the public service which
unfortunately was not witnessed, and the coun-
try would have escaped the evils resulting from
a disregard of the great international law, which
no nation can violate wilhimpunity, tbeonelhat
makes gold and silver the only true measure of
value. The financial evils under which the coun-
try has been suffering for some years past, to say
nothing of the dangers which loom up in the
future, are in a great degree to be traced to the
direct issues by the Go\eminent of an incon-
vertiblo^currency with the legal attributes of
money.
Upon the demoralizing influences of an in-
controvertible Government currency it is not
necessary to enlarge. They are forced upon
our attention by every day's observation, and
we cannot be blind to them if we would. The
Government, is virtually repudiating its own
obligations by failing to redeem its notes ac-
cording to their tenor. These notes are pay-
able to bearer 011 demand in dollars, and not
one of them is being so paid. It is not to be
expected that a people will be more honest
than the Government under which they live,
and while the Government ot the United States
refuses to pay its notes according to their tenor,
or at least as long as it fails to make proper
effort to do so, it practically teaches to the peo-
ple the doctrine of repudiation.
The general financial legislation and the
administration of the finances during the war
reflect the highest credit upon Congress and
the distinguished gentlemen then at the head
of the Treasury Department.. 'They have com-
manded the admiration of intelligent and im-
partial men at home and abroad. In speaking
thus plainly of the legal-tender notes, the Sec-
retary must not, therefore, be understood as
indulging in the language of criticism. His ob-
ject is neither to criticise nor to condemn what
has been done, but to express his decided con-
viction of the danger of a repetition or a per-
petuation of what experience lias shown to
have been, in a single but important matter,
unfortunate legislation.
If the views thus presented are correct, there
can be 110 question that there is still an exocss
of paper money in the United States, and that
the legal-tender notes are an obstacle, and
unless reduced in amount must continue to bo
an obstacle to a return to a stable currency.
In opposition to these views it is urged by
many intelligent persons that as the credit sys-
tem has been very much curtailed since 1801,
and sales are made chiefly for cash, a much
larger amount of currency is required than
formerly for the convenient transaction of
business; that there is in fact 110 excess of
money in the United States, but that on the
contrary an increase is required to move the
crops, encourage enterprise, and give activity
to trade. As an evidence of the correctness
of this opinion, reference is made to the "tight-
ness of the money market" in the commercial
cities, and the scarcity of money in the agri-
cultural districts.
It is undoubtedly true that the effect of a
curtailment of credits would have been to in-
crease the legitimate demand for currency, if
no other means had intervened to counteract
the effect of it. But such means have inter-
vened. I11 all the cities and towns throughout
the country, ehccks upon credits in banks, and
bills of exchange, have largely taken the place
of bank notes. Not a fiftieth part of the busi-
ness of the large cities is transacted by the
actual use of money, and what is true in regard
to the business of the chief cities is measurably
true in regard to that of towns and villages
throughout the country. Kverywhere bank
credits and bills of exchange perform the offices
of currency to a much greater extent than in
former years. Kxcept, in dealings with the
Government, for retail trade, for the payment
of labor and taxes, for traveling expenses, the
purchase of products at first hand, and for the
bankers' reserve, money is hardly a necessity.
The increased use of bank cheeks and bjlls of
exchange counterbalances the increased de-
maud for money resulting from the curtailment
of mercantile credits. That money is in demand,
and is commanding full rates of interest, is true,
but this does not indicate a scarcity of it. The
rates of interest in England and France have
rarely been as low as within the last four months,
and yet for commercial or manufacturing pur-
poses money lias not often been so difficult to
be obtained. 'The speculative reaction or over-
production of manufactures, together with ap-
prehensions of political troubles, have caused
business to be sluggish and unprofitable, and
made capitalists cautious and timid. Thus, in
those countries, money was never more plen-
tiful, and yet apparently never more scarce.
Its apparent scarcity in the United States is
attributable to high prices, to its uncertain
value, and to its inactivity.
Money by no means becomes abundant by
an increase or scarce by a diminution of its
volume. The reverse is more likely to be
true, especially when, as is generally the case,
high prices are speculative prices, and prevent
activity in exchanges. Money is in demand
at the present time, not so much to move crops
as to hold them—not to bring them at reason-
able prices within the reach of consumeis, but
to withhold tlicni fiom market until a laige
advance of prices can be established. Let. the
great staples of the country come forward and
bo sold at market prices, at such prices as,
while the producer is fairly remunerated, will
increase consumption and exports—let capi-
talists be assured that progress toward a stable
basis is to be uninterrupted—and money, now
considered scarce, will be found to be abund-
ant. The actual legitimate business of the
countrv is not larger than it was in 1800, when
three liirtidred millions of coin and bank notes
were an ample circulating medium, and when
an addition of fifty millions would have made
it excessive. Throughout a considerable por-
tion of the best grain-growing sections of the
United States there lias been during the past
year great, complaint of a scarcity of money,
and yet no single article of agricultural product,
cxcept wool, was to be sold there for which
there was not a purchaser at more than re-
munerating. if not exorbitant, prices. There
was no lack of money in these sections, but a
lack of products to exchange for it. The hard
times complained of were the consequence of
short crops, and not of deficient circulation.
To the farmer who had little to sell and much
to buy, an increase of the circulation would
have been an injury; a curtailment of it a
benefit. And yet by men in such circum-
stances the policy of contraction has met witli
a condemnation second only to that which it
has received at the hands of speculators in
stocks.
Next to the stock board of the commercial
metropolis, the opposition to the policy of
contraction has been most decided in those
sections where, by reason of short crops, the
people have been less prosperous than hereto-
fore. Unfortunately, in the same sections, the
harvest has been again unsatisfactory, and the
demand not only for a cessation of contraction
but for an increase of paper money, may thus
be more pressing than ever. This demand, no
matter fro in what quarter it conies or by what
interest sustained, should, in the opinion of the
Secretary, be inflexibly resisted by Congress.
To increase the volume of paper money for the
purpose of giving relief to the country, would be
to foster the cause in order to cure the disease.
To stay the process of contraction this year
will but prepare the way for an increase of
circulation the next. Whenever the policy of
reducing the paper circulation of the country,
with the view of a return to specie payments,
shall bo abandoned, it is to be apprehended
that the demand for an increase will be irre-
sistible, and that the country will plunge into
bankruptcy. The specie standard must be
sooner or later restored. Whether this shall
be accomplished by elevating the currency by
lessening its volume, or after lessening its value
by increasing its volume, it is for Congress to
determine. That this question will be deter-
mined promptly and wisely the Secretary is
not permitted todoubt. Some progress has been
made in the right direction during the past
year, but there is still in the United States a
plethora of paper money. If this is not so. how
happens it that coin commands a premium of
some forty per cent, over legal-tender notes?—
that a high tariff has proved powerless to
prevent, excessive importations?—that capi-
talists hesitate in regard to the uses to which
they shall put their surplus means?—that
business is speculative and uncertain ?—that
expenses of living are driving thousands
into crime and making dishonesty excusable,
while honorable men of limited means arc
indignantly and justly complaining that they
cannot live 011 incomes that formerly gave them
a handsome support ? Money inay be inactive,
but it is not scarce. Its inactivity is in fact the
result of its uncettain value. With a circula-
tion that is to-day at a discount of thirtv per
cent., and which may by a change of poliev be
increased to sixty per cent, within the next
) oar, with what safety can men ougu^o in
enterprises which look into the future," and
