SUPPLEMENT TO
for a supply of the temporary service by adin-
terim appointments, in cases of vacancy, sick-
ness, absence, or other disability, as before the
passage of the tenure-of-office act, and Con-
gress cannot be understood to have intended
to leave suek eases unprovided for.
Whoever proposes to convict th-e President
as of   crime for the ad interim appointment
of General Thomas should stop to consider
tlie many cases in which his illustrious prede-
cessors exercised the same power during the
session of the Senate, as well as during the
recess, under the Constitution, and without the
pretense of legislative authority. In this opin-
ion but a few of the many cases proven can be
cited. It will be borne in mind that the acts
of 1792 and 1795, authorizing temporary ap-
pointments, did not include the Navy, Interior,
and Post Office Departments, and that until
1863 no law extended the authority over them,
and therefore appointments made by th-e Presi-
dent in those Departments to supply the tem-
porary service were made under the constitu-
tional duty and authority to see that the laws
be executed and not under any statute.
On the 9th July, 1836, President Jackson
appointed John Boyle, the chief clerk of the
Navy Department, to discharge the duties of
Secretary during the absence of the Secretary.
The Senate had then adjourned five days.
On the Oth October, 1838, President Van
Buren made the same appointment.
On the 19th March, 1841, President Har-
rison appointed John D. Simmes to be acting
Secretary of the Navy during the absence of
the Secretary.
On the 13th May, 18">1, President Fillmore
appointed 0. M. Conrad, the Secretary of War,
to be "acting Secretary of tlie Navy ad in-
terim" during the absence of the Secretary;
and on the "d August, 1851, tlie same Presi-
dent appointed W. A. Graham, the Secretary
of the Navy, to bo acting Secretary of the
Interior.
And on 22d September, 1862, President
Lincoln appointed John B. L. Skinner, then
the acting First Assistant Postmaster General,
to be acting Postmaster General ad interim,
the Postmaster General being absent.
On the 29th of June, 1800, four days after
the adjournment of the Senate, the postmaster
of New Orleans was removed and the office
placed in the hands of a special agent by
President Buchanan, Joseph Holt being Post-
master General.
On the 10th day of May, I860, the Senate
then being in session, President Buchanan
removed Isaac V. Fowler, the postmaster at
New York, and placed the office in the hands
of a special messenger.
On the 21st of January, 1861, the Senate
being in session, he took the Milwaukee post
office out of the hands of the postmaster, and
placed it in the charge of a special agent.
Hon. Joseph Holt was then Postmaster Gen-
eral.
On the 20th of June, 18G4, the Senate being
in session, President Lincoln removed Isaac
Henderson from the office of navy agent at
New York, and instructed a paymaster of the
Navy to take charge of the oliiee.
On the 26th of December, 1864, the Senate
being in session, President Lincoln removed
James S. Chambers from tlie office of navy
agent at Philadelphia, and placed Paymaster
Watson in charge. These two offices were
highly important, both m view of the duties to
be discharged and the emoluments received by
the incumbents.
On the I'Jth of December, 1840, Thomas
Eastin, the navy agent at I'ensacola, was, by
order of President Van Buren, "dismissed
from the service of the United States,'' and
Purser Dudley Walker appointed to lake charge
of the office. The Senate was then in session.
These are but a few of the hundreds of cases
that might be cited to show that the practice
of making ad interim appointments has been
uniform, whether authorized by statute or not.
I cannot concur in the opinion that has been
expressed, that if a technical violation- of law
has been established the Senate has no discre-
tion, but must convict. I think the Senate
may judge whether in the dase a high crime
or misdemeanor has been established, add
whether in the name of the people the prose-
cution ought to be made and sustained. Van
Buren was not impeached for the removal of
the Pensacola navy agent and the designation
of Purser Walker to take charge of the office.
President Jackson was not impeached for the
ad interim appointment of Boyle as Secretary
of the Navy under a claim of constitutional au-
thority, without any statute allowing it. Pres-
idents Harrison and Fillmore were not im-
peached for making ad interim appointments
of Secretary of the Navy, with no statute au-
thorizing it. President Buchanan was not im-
peached for removing the postmaster at New
Orleans and filling the place ad interim, not
for removing Fowler, the postmaster at New
York, during the session of the Senate, and
supplying the place ad interim, with ho statu-
tory authority; nor was he impeached for au-
thorizing Joseph Holt to discharge the duties
of Secretary of War ad interim upon the res-
ignation of John B. Floyd, though the Senate
called upon him for his authority, and in liis
reply ho cited one hundred and seventy-nine
precedents, not going back of Jackson's ad-
ministration. Mr. Lincoln was not impeached
for the appointment of General Skinner Post-
master General ad interim, without any statute
authorizing it, nor for tlie removal of Isaac
Henderson, navy agent at New York, during
the session of the Senate, and the ad interim
appointment of Paymaster Gibson to the office ;
nor for the removal of Chambers, the navy
agent at Philadelphia, during the session of
the Senate, and the appointment of Paymaster
Watson ad interim to the office, there then
being no statute authorizing it. He was not
impeached for continuing Major General Frank
P. Blair in command long after the Senate had
declared by resolution that in such case the
office could not beheld "without a new ap-
pointment in the manner prescribed by the
Constitution;" nor for appointing at one time
any more generals in the Army than the laws
allowed.
Supported by a long line of precedents, com-
ing through our whole history, unchallenged
and unrebuked by Congress, President John-
son stands before lis upon these charges ; and
I ask my brother Senators what answer we will
make to the people when they ask us why we
selected him for a sacrifice for doing just what
was always recognized as right in his prede-
cessors? Upon my oath I cannot strike such
a blow.
The judgment of the First Congress was that
the President has the right under the Consti-
tution to remove the Secretaries, and that judg-
ment is supported by the uniform practice of
tlie Government from that day till the meeting
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. The evidence
shows that Mr. Johnson was advised by every
member of his Cabinet, including Mr. Stanton,
that he had that right under the Constitution,
and that Congress could not take if from him
nor impair it, and therefore it was his duty to
veto the tenurc-of office bill; and that the bill
did not include the appointments made by Mr.
I Lincoln ; and that, notwithstanding the pas-
sage of the bill, he would have the right to
remove the. Secretaries of War, of State, and
of the Navy. This advice was given by the
members of the Cabinet under the obligations
of the Constitution and of their oaths; and
now, if we say that he, being so informed and
advised, was guilty of a crime in demanding
the right to select his own constitutional ad-
visers, as it has been conceded to all the Pres-
idents, and for that drive him from his office
and give it to a member of this body, it does
seem to me that we will do an act of such
flagrant injustice and cruelty as to bring upon
our heads the indignant condemnation of all
just men, and this impeachment will stand
itself impcached before the civilized world.
OPINION
6f
HON. TIMOTHY O. HOWE.
One of the questions involved in the con-
sideration of this cause is, whether the Presi-
dent is or is not intrusted by the Constitution
with the power to remove the heads of the
Executive Departments. Those who now assert
he has such power, instead of attempting to
prove it from the text of th-e Constitution, gen-
erally prefer to rely upon the debate which
took place in the House of Representatives of
1789, and the act of July 27 of that year, " for
establishing an executive Department to be
denominated the Department of Foreign Af-
fairs." Now, I insist that what powers are
or are not. in the Constitution cannot be proved
by reference to the annals of debates or to the
Statutes at-Large. The Constitution speaks
for itself. What its framers intended must be
gathered from the clauses to which they agreed,
and not from clauses agreed to by any Con-
gress whatever.
But if the debate and the statutes were both
evidence upon the point they would not prove
the power in question to be in the Constitu-
tion. That debate commenced on the 19th of
May, 1789, upon the proposition to make the
Secretary for Foreign Affairs "removable at
the pleasure of the President.'' It was objected
that, by the terms of the Constitution, an officer
could only be removed by impeachment before
the Senate. On the contrary, Mr. Madison
said " he believed they would not assert that
any part of the Constitution declared that the
only way to remove should be by impeach-
ment. Tlie contrary might be inferred, be-
cause Congress may establish offices by law ;
therefore most certainly it is in the discretion
of the Legislature to say vpon what terms the
office shall be held, either during good behavior
or during pleasure." During that dehate no
less than twenty-five speeches were made.
Throughout the debate the issue was, Can Con-
gress authorize the President to remove from
office, or is impeachment the only method of
removal allowed by the Constitution ?
Nearly a month later, on the 16th of June
following, the debate was renewed upon a bill
to establish a Department of Foreign Affairs.
The first section provided that the Secretary
should "be removable at the pleasure of the
President." Mr. White, of Virginia, moved
to strike out these words. Upon that motion a
long debate ensued, running through several
days. In the course of it Mr. Madison assumed
a' new ground of defense. In the former
debate he had asserted that Congress could fix
the tenure of the office as it pleased ; that that
power was a necessary incident of the power
to crcatc the office. In this debate he started
the idea, for the first time, that the President
could control the tenure as an incident of
executive power.
The idea was broached cautiously and with
evident hesitation. He acknowledged it was
an afterthought. And he introduced it in these
words:
'* I have, since the subject was last before the
House, examined the Constitution with attention,
and I acknowledge that it docs not perfectly corre-
spond with the idea I entertained of it from the first
ttlance. I am inclined to think that a free and sys-
tematic interpretation of the plan of Government
\v ill leit vu us leas a.t liberty to abate the responsibility
than gentlemen imagine."' ^ y
"By a strict examination of the Constitution on
what appears to be its true principles, and consider-
ing the great Departments uf the Government ia the
relation they have to each other, I have my doubts
whether we are not absolutely tied down to the con-
struction declared in the bill."
Of those who affirmed and those who denied
the power of removal to be in the President,
during the debate, the numbers were about
equal. Upon taking the vote on the motion
to strike out, the noes were 34, while the ayes
were but 20.
But it is evident from the nature of the
question that the majority numbered all those
who believed the Constitution conferred the
