1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February-29|1
stitution provides for the trial of individuals
in cases of impeachnnjit. It provides that the
Senators shall all be sworn on that trial. It
provides for conviction or acquittal.' What do
all these words mean? What is the known
meaning of language if they do not apply to a
court ? It is not legislative action in any sense,
but goes further. In one case the Constitution
provides that another person, not a member of
the Senate, shall preside in the Senate of the
United States? Oh, no ; in the court organ-
ized and composed of the Senate. _
Again, in the following section the provision
is that the "judgment" in cases of impeach-
ment shall be limited, and so on. y_hat is the
meaning of the word "judgment," it not ap-
plied to the action of a court I Do you apply
it to a legislative body ? _ Does it not imply ot
necessity that the Constitution intends that a
court shall be organized, composed ot the Sen-
ate of the United States exclusively in most
cases, but in the case ot the impeachment of
the President, of the Senate of the United
States with the Chief Justice of the United
States presiding? That is the intent of the
Constitution. Is there any harm or any impro-
priety, or is it not in accordance with the intent
that the body, when it sits for such a purpose
under oath, should be designated as a court of
impeachment or a high court of impeachment?
Now, sir, if a simple precedent be required,
(because these rules were only published to-day,
and, of course, our memory on these matters
necessarily requires to be refreshed,) I could
turn to one to show what the language of the
Senate was at a very early day, on the trial of
William Blount, who was a Senator trom Ten-
nessee. I have not read the whole case, but
I ha\e read enough to show that the body must
be resolved into a court. In that case, on Fri-
day, December 21, 1798—
'"The Senate proceeded to tako into consideration
tho report of the committee appointed to consider
what rules are necessary to be adopted on the trial
ot William Blount, and tho report, having been
amended, was adopted, as iollowa:
"Kesolved, That at the next opening of the court
of impeachment the President shall inquire whether
the managers have any requests to make beforo tho
counsel for the defendant are called upou to answer-"
It goes on to provide other rules applicable
to an organized court, and it is called expressly
" court of impeachment." That was after the
managers had been appointed and the articles
of impeachment presented. I have not got
the volume which contains the previous orders
constituting it a court; but it shows that the
Senate considered themselves as organized
into a court, and they go on to prescribe the
Other rules as regards the counsel and hearing
of counsel, and the mode of answer and plea,
and that a copy of the defendant's answer shall
be communicated to the House of Represent-
atives, and also prescribes the form in which
witnesses shall be sworn. Those rules and
orders calling it a court were communicated to
the House of Representatives under the order
of the Senate of that day. I have no doubt
that by reference to the case in other parts of
the preliminary proceedings, if I had time to
look into it, I could find in this, the earliest
case, I believe, that occurred under the Con-
stitution, that the Senate did not doubt that
the effect of the constitutional provision was
to constitute a court in fact, and that therefore
it was perfectly proper and right that the Sen-
ate of the United States, of which that court
was to be composed, should take proper steps
for organizing itself into a judicial capacity.
Mr. FERRY\ I do not move to strike out
the word "high" merely as a matter of taste.
I have no doubt that the Senate in the trial of
an impeachment is a court; but what I am
endeavoring to do is so as to amend this report
that it shall not be understood from it that a
court of impeachment, is a different thing from
the Senate of the United States. The inter-
polation of the word "high," together witli
other expressions and provisions occurring in
this report, do give certainly to the ordinary
reader the idea that the high court of impeach-
ment, constituted under this report, is some-
thing different from the Senate of the United
States. The provision is, that the Senate shall
resolve itself, not simply into a court of im-'
peachment, but into a high court of .impeach-,
ment; and then there is a provision as to the
numbers which shall constitute a quorum.of
that high court, as if it was needful to prescribe
a rule for the Senate when organized into that
court which did not apply to the Senate in its
ordinary capacity. So in reference to the ex-
pression "sitting as a high court of impeach-
ment" through all the forms which have been
referred to by the Senator from New York.
It is simply to obviate the danger of the con-
struction which would arise under these rules,
that the court of impeachment was a different
body in its composition from the Senate of the
United States, that I have moved this amend-
ment, to be followed by other amendments.
The next one I intended to move was to strike
out the words "a quorum of the Senate shall
constitute a quorum of the court," and subse-
quently, if no other Senator should do so, I
would move to strike out the expressions
quoted by the Senator from New York in the
forms, so as to leave no doubt upon the read-
ing of these rules that it was the Senate exer-
cising its constitutional functions as a court,
and not a different body which was proceed-
ing to this trial or any other trial.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut. to strike out the word " high" where
ever it occurs in counectiou with the phrase
"court of impeachment."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16,' nays '21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew.Conkline, Davis, Dixon,
Drako, Ferry, Fowler, Frclinj?huysen, Hendricks,
McCreery, Morrill ot Vermont, Norton, Saulsbury.
Tipton, Van Winkle, and Willey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Cameron,Chandler,Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Edmunds, Grimes, Howard, Howe,
John?on, Morgan, lVmeioy, liauisev, Sherman,
SpraKue, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, and
Wil-on—21.
ABSENT—Messrs.Bayard, Cattell, Cragin, Doolit-
tle, Fossenrten, H:u Ian, Henderson, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Patteison ot New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Jttoss, Trumbull, Wade, and
Yates—16.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Secretary read the fifth rule,as follows:
V. The presiding officer of the court shall have
power to tnako and issue, by himself or by the Secre-
tary of the Senato, all orders, mandates, writs, and
precepts authorized by theso rules, or by the court,
and to make and enforce such other regulations and
orders iu the premises as tho court may authorize or
provide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no
amendment be offered, the Secretary will read
the next article.
The Secretary read rule six, as follows:
VI. Tho court shall have power to compel the
attendance of witnesses, to enforce obedience to its
ciders, mandates, writs, precepts, and judgments, to
preserve order, and to punish in a summary way con-
tempts of and disobedience to its authority, orders,
mandates, write, precepts, or judgments, and to make
all lawful orders, rules, and regulations which it may
deem essential or conducive to the ends of justice.
And the presiding otiicer may, by the direction of
the court, require the aid and assistance of any officer
or person in fho military, naval, or civil service of
the United States, to cntorce, exccute, and carry into
effect the lawtul orders, mandates, writs, precepts,
andjudgments of said court.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out
of that article the following words:
And the presiding officer may, by the direction of
tho court, require the aid and assistance^ of any
officer or person in the military, naval, or civil ser-
vice of the United States, to enforce, execute, and
carry into effect the lawful orders, mandates, writs,
precepts, andjudgments ofsaid court.
My reason for making this motion is that, in
myjudgment, it is not in the constitutional power
of theSenate oftheUnited States, when acting
in the discharge of its ordinary duties or as a
court, to command the services of the Army and
Navy or of any officer of the Army and Navy ;
that, if it is proper to clothe the court with such
a power, it is necessary to pass an act of Con-
gress giving them the authority, if such an act
itself could be constitutionally passed. Sup-
pose that this provision of this article re-
mained, and the court called upon the officers
of the Army and Navy to assist the court in !
the discharge of its duties, and they s-hould t
assist them.either as officers or in 'company
with men under their command; what power
would the. court have to compel, their attend-
ance and their assistance ? They are already
under the command, in tbe first instance, of
the General of the Army, and secondly, aa'd
chiefly, under that of the President of tlie
United States. • '
How, therefore, can the Senate, acting as a
Senate, command the services of die Armyand
Navy or the officers of the Army and Navy?
Suppose they refuse to obey the order of the
court made upon them for any attendance or
to assist the court, how can you enforce that
order ? I submit, Mr. President, if their ser-
vices can be invoked by any agency whatever,
it can only be done after the passage of an act
by the two Houses of Congress; that the court
then would be acting in. pursuance of law;
but that the orders of this body, this Senate,
are not law, and that the words, if they re-
main, will be a nullity and inoperative.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I meant to make an
inquiry upon this clause of the member report-
ing the present rules, and thatis, whether there
is any provision made for examining witnesses,
not before the Senate—the taking of evidence
by deposition, or verifying of papers abroad—
powers ordinarily exercised by a court under
some regulation? I do not observe anything
of that sort in the paper reported to us- from
the committee.- There may be, however ; but
I have not seen it.
As to the point raised by the Senator from
Delaware, my idea is this: the Senate are pro-
ceeding at this time to establish rules of order
for the proceeding when the case shall come
before the Senate; how it shall be introduced;
how our business shall be conducted ; how the
powers which inhere in that court shall be ex-
ercised as to calling witnesses before it. I do
not understand that we are proceeding to
legislate: that is, to arm any person or any
court with authority which it does not nowpos-
sess. This clause to which the Senator from
Delaware has called our attention is to confer
upon the presiding officer of the court of im-
peachment authority to empower certain offi-
cers, in serving writs, to execute the orders
which he may issue to them. Clearly that is
legislation. Whatever may be the powers of
the Senate, sitting as a court and under oath,
to make orders and to provide how its orders
shall be executed, it is clearly incompetent for
the Senate now, not acting as a court, sitting
as a branch of the Legislature^ to enact any-
thing, or to resolve anything which would have
the effect and operation of law, and it cannot
now exercise the powers which it will possess
as a court after it is organized with reference
to the enforcement of its own decrees and
judgments. I submit, therefore, to the Sen-
ator from Vemont, who has participated some-
what in this debate, whether this authority to
be conferred upon the presiding officer of se-
lecting persons to execute the process of the
court after its judgment shall have been an-
nounced, to enforce its decree or its judgment,
if it be a power that does not require legisla-
tion, is not a power to be exercised by the
Senate when it shall sit as a court, when its
members, shall be organized as such and be
put under oath, and shall possess that judicial
power which it does not now possess. I sub-
mit, therefore, that our rules, which we pro-
pose to adopt at this time, must be simply
rules of order, and such as may be provided
beforehand for the due and decent execution
of our duty when we come to act in a new
capacity.
It seems to me that inadvertently a matter
has been introduced into the reported rules
which either pertains to general legislation re-
quiring an act of Congress or which pertains
to the Senate when it shall be organized as a
court. If it be intended to make an order with
reference to the execution of its own decrees,
it may then possibly confer authority upon
officers of the Government or upon persons
who are uot officers of the Government to cxG"
cute its judgment and sentence. I'nquestion-
