142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
the artificial prosperity consequent upon. the
inflation.
I now come to the "automatic, self-adjust-
ing system of finance." The gentleman pro-
poses to issue $300,000,000 more of legal-
tender notes, and to place the like amount in
bonds at a low rate of interest in the hands of
public depositaries, so that the notes and bonds
may be mutually exchanged at the convenience
of holders. A man having too much money
for his business will take it to a public depos-
itory and exchange it for a bond. When he
needs the money for his business he will return
the bond and take up his money. Thus no
more money will be in circulation at any time
than the wants of business require. This is
the scheme and what it promises. It looks
ingenious; so do some of the contrivances for
perpetual motion ; but, like those contrivances,
the machine will not work.
In the first place, how will the gentleman
get the man who has more money than he needs
to loait it to the Government on call at a low
rate of interest when he can loan it to his
neighbor on call at the full rate? How will
we get men to take the four per cent. Govern-
ment loan at par when they can get the five
per cent, gold loan at about par, and after
keeping it as long as they wish sell it at an
average advance of about the accruing interest?
In an average condition of business what
proportion of the men of the country do not,
in their own opinion, need more money in their
business, and when they ( et more do not, in
their own opinion, need still more? Probably
not one in a thousand ; certainly not one in a
hundred. According to the doctrine of chances,
then, if the $300,000,000 were all out, $297,-
000,000 would be in the hands of those who
would put it into general circulation, and the
remaining $3,000,000 in the hands of those
who have no desire to use it. How much of
this small sum would go to the public depos-
itory? Some holders would make permanent
investment in Government bonds or on mort-
gage; some would buy land; some build
houses. Only that small portion of it which
the holders desired to loan on call would run
the smallest risk of going to the public depos-
itory. And the holders of that could always
do better by loaning,it to their neighbors on
call. Somebody always needs or thinks he
needs money.
The self-adjusting machine might be ready
to start for years, but it would not start, and
the gentleman would find the bonds lying
quietly in the public vaults and the notes put
into general circulation further to depreciate
the already depreciated currency. The re-
sult may be easily foreseen. If we have
$1,000,000,000 of currency when we need but
an aggregate purchasing power of $500,000,000
at the gold standard, as soon as prices have
become adapted to the new measure of value
the currency would pass for only fifty cents to
the dollar.
Let us now suppose that the machine would
work, that all the money which people do not
need and do not think they need would find its
way into the public depositories. What would
be the result? Every business man has a
reserve of some amount, governed by the
character and amount of his business and the
amount of his prudence. It is impossible more
than to guess at the aggregate amount of these
reserves, but it must be a very large sum of
money. Hardly a man in the community has
none. Many have thousands of dollars. It
would not be strange if the aggregate amounted
to $200,000,000. This would be thirty dollars
per man to those legally capable of doing busi-
ness. I speak not now of bank reserves, nor of
individual reserves deposited in banks. These
reserves are absolutely useless to the holders
except to meet some expected or feared neces-
sity. Now there is no function which these
bonds could perform to as much profit to indi-
viduals as to fill the place of these reserves.
And if they should leave the public depository
at all they would find their way in time into
these reserves, by virtue of that law of trade
which carries all commodities to the place
where they are of the greatest value. This
would relieve the currency now performing
that function, and put it into general circu-
lation further to inflate the already inflated
volume.
Besides all this, what would there be to
hinder the bonds themselves from being used
as currency ? Being readily convertible into
legal-tender notes they would be quite as good
as bank notes in this respect. While the interest
remained inconsiderable they would pass at
their face value like the compound-interest
notes, and when the interest became worth
collecting they would be returned to the depos-
itory and exchanged for new ones. Taking all
these things into consideration, the scheme of
the gentleman from Massachusetts may be set
down as an inflation of the currency to about
the extent of his $300,000,000 of issue.
I have said that I will not single out the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to be especially denounced as repudia-
tion. Yet there is repudiation somewhere. I
hold in my hand a paper containing these
words, "The United States promise to pay the
bearer ten dollars at the Treasury of the United
States at New York." This paper bears the
signatureof the Treasurer of the United States,
and was issued pursuant to an act of Congress.
There is no future time of payment fixed, hence
the note is due now and has been due ever
since its issue. To ascertain what I am enti-
tled to I examine the laws of the country
existing at the time of the passage of the act,
and I find that a dollar was a gold coin of a
fixed weight and degree of fineness. I now
take the paper to the place where payment is
promised and demand ten of those coins and
am refused. I can get ten promises to pay
each one dollar, but I want no more promises; I
want the money and cannot get it. I can pay
my taxes with the paper, but I owe none. I
can pay my neighbor the debt I owe him, and
he dare not refuse to take it in full payment
for the ten dollars in coin which he lent me
half a dozen years ago. But this only substi-
tutes my neighbor for myself, who will then
have the same claim against the Government,
which the Government will in like manner
refuse to pay. Here is the repudiation—a
debt acknowledged, presently payable, de-
manded, and refused to be paid.
Now there are $371,745,916 50 of these
promissory notes outstanding, all due, all de-
manded, and thus far all repudiated. Let the
Government fulfill these promises, and all
question about the kind of money in which
the five-twenty bonds shall be paid will be at
an end. It has been held by the judicial tribu-
nals that the Government has the legal right
to issue these promises, but I deny that it has
the moral right to dishonor them. It may
make them a legal tender for all debts, public
and private, but when they themselves come
to be demanded it is repudiation to refuse
payment.
It will not do to say that these notes are
payable in currency. That is not payment, it
is but exchanging one legal tender for another,
one promise to pay for another. It is but re-
newing the paper. What is promised is pay-
ment, not exchange nor renewal.
This is general, wholesale repudiation, oper-
ating, not on a few wealthy creditors, but upon
the entire community, and upon the poor in a
greater degree than upon the rich, in propor-
tion to their capacity to bear it. The laboring
man wl|o has earned his dollar demands pay-
ment of his employer. The employer offers
him a claim against (.he Government. This he
refuses upon the very good ground that he
cannot trust the Government. It has already
refused to pay the debt, and he cannot buy
bread with it except at a ruinous sacrifice. He
applies to the courts of justice, but he finds
them closed against him by the stern edict of
the Government. It will not let him sue his
employer. It takes upon itself to pay the debt
and then repudiates it. He is told that at some
time in the far future the Government will pay
him. As a j*ood and confiding citizen he is
bound to believe this ; but he cannot wait.
Hunger is the most powerful of all compro-
misers of claims, and he is forced to submit to
the sacrifice.
The maimed soldier, whose form tells us at
what cost ho purchased the pittance the Gov-
ernment promises him ; the pensioned widow,
whose wasted life and desolate home attest
the considerations which she gave the Govern-
ment for what it is pleased to term its bounty—
these people may point us to the dishonored
promises to pay in which they are compelled
to receive that which it is mockery to call pay-
ment for what they rendered to the country;
and grave legislators look on and see no re-
pudiation there.
I have been greatly astonished to see, com-
ing from the quarter it does, a proposition to
borrow $250,000,000 of gold in Europe and
put it in circulation in lieu of that amount of
the legal-tender notes, with the confident as-
sertion that it would restore specie payments,
that it would relieve the present financial em-
barrassments, and that it would remain in the
country, stimulating business and restoring pros-
perity to every branch of public interests.
Let us examine how this scheme would work.
Now the first promised result would undoubt-
edly be brought about. The redemption and
cancellation of $250,000,000 of legal-tender
notes would certainly raise the remainder to.
par with gold, with or without the substitution
of that amount of coin. Without the substi-
tution, because our $700,000,000 of currency
would thereby be reduced to $450,000,000.
We are now using an aggregate purchasing
power of about $490,000,000 at the gold stand-
ard. Such a reduction would leave a margin
of at least the difference which the operations
of trade would fill with gold. With the sub-
stitution of that amount of coin specie pay-
ment would be resumed, because a mixed cur-
rency of coin and notes can only be used when
the notes are redeemable in gold.
But I deny bojh the second and third of
these promised results. The first effect of the
operation would be to increase our aggregate
purchasing power to $700,000,000. Prices
would remain nominally as they are now, but
really they would be three sevenths higher,
because they would be at the gold standard.
This would make our markets the best in
the world to sell in and the worst to buy in.
As a consequence imports would increase
enormously aud exports fall off, except as to
gold, which would be the only profitable arti-
cle of export. Very soon our aggregate pur-
chasing power would be reduced to what it is
now, and then the equilibrium would be re-
stored. But in the mean time the gold would
have all gone abroad, and we would be in pre-
cisely the condition in which we would be by
the simple withdrawal and cancellation of that
amount of currency.
My objection to this plan is that it proposes
a foreign loan of gold for which we would get
nothing ultimately but foreign fabrics and
luxuries.
Now what would be the effect upon the busi-
ness interests of the country? A general fall
•of prices would have accompanied the export
of gold, and the excess of imports over exports of
other commodities would only have ceased when
prices had so fallen here that our markets had be-
come as good to buy in as to sell in. Now it is
this very fall of prices of all commodities all over
the country that makes the trouble about re-
suming specie payments. It is the commence-
ment of this fall of prices consequent upon ths
contraction now going on that causes the pres-
ent financial embarrassments. Nobody buys
or builds in a falling market. What merchant
lays in a stock of goods with the certainty of
having to sell them at a lower price than cost?
Who manufactures knowing that labor and
material are cheapening every day? There-
fore it is that during contraction mills and
machinery are idle, and laborers are hunting
work and are unable often to obtain it upon
terms that will barely support existence.
