THE COIS'GKESSIONAL GLOBE.
power of removal on the President, and all
tliose, also, who thought Congress could and
ought to confer it 011 him.
Mr. Sedgwick, of Massachusetts, called at-
tention to this fact at the time. He said:
" If I understand the subject rightly there seem to
be two opinions dividing the majority of this House.
Some of these gentlemen seem to suppose that, by
the Constitution, and by implication and certain
deductions from thepyinciplesof theConstitutlun, the
power rests in the President. Others think that it is
a matter of Icgislativedeterininaiion, and that they
must sive it to the President on the principles of the
Constitution."
The minority do not seem to have been sat-
isfied with the victory achieved by that com-
bination of forces. Accordingly, on the 22d
of June, Mr. Benson, of New York, who was
of the majority, proposed -once more to strike
out those words in the first section which were
equivalent to an express grant of the power of re-
moval and in lieu thereof to insert in the second
section, which provided for a chief clerk, who
in case of " vacancy" should have custody of
the books, papers, &c., tke words "whenever
the said principal officer shall be removed from
office by the President of the United States, or
in any other case of vacancy," shall, during
such vacancy, have custody, &c. He explained
that '• he hoped his amendment would succeecP
in reconciling both sides of the House to the
decision and quieting the minds of gentle-
men."
He seems to have persuaded himself that as
the law in that form would not assert either
that the President could remove under the
Constitution or that he might remove under
the act, but only mildly suggested "removed
by the President" as au event possible to hap-
pen without specifying whether it was likely to
happen from an exercise of constitutional or
statutory authority, no one would have any par-
ticular objection to it. This expectation does
not seem to have been realized. The amend-
ment to the second section was carried by
even a less majority than was obtained against
amending the fiist section. The vote was 30
ayes to 18 noes.
Then the question was renewed to strike out
from the first section the words " to be remov-
able," &e., and it was carried by 31 ayes to
19 noes. Thus amended, the bill went to the
Senate and passed that body by the casting
vote of the Yiee President.
Such is in brief the character of the debate
of 1789, and sueh the conclusion in which it
issued. It has frequently been cited as a legisla-
tive interpretation of the Constitution, as a
legislative decision, that the Constitution vested
in the President the power of removal. But
it ought not to be so regarded, for it is impos-
sible to ascertain from the records how many
supported the bill, because they regarded it as
a declaration that the President had the power
to remove ; or how many supported it as a dec-
laration that he ougiitto have it; or how many
supported it for the sake of according with the
majority, and because it declared neither one
thing nor the other.
The idea that the President had the power
of removal under the Constitution was not ad-
vanced for nearly a month after the debate com-
menced, and theie is not the slightest reason
for believing that the bill received a single vote
for its passage in either House which it would
not have received if that idea had never been
conceived.
But if the act of 178!) ever had authority as
a legislative decision upon the true meaning
of the Constitution, that authority has been
annulled by repeated decisions of the same
tribunal to the contrary.
First in order of time I cite the act of May
15, 1820, entitled "An act to limit the term of
office of certain officers therein named, and for
other purposes." The first section of that act
is in the following words, to wit:
"That from and after the passage of this act, all
district attorneys, collcctors of the customs, naval j
officers and surveyors of the customs, navy agents, i
receivers of public moneys for lands, registers of the !
land offices, paymasters in the Army, the apothcctiry !
general, the assistant apothecaries general, and the j
commissary general of purchases, to bo appointed 1
under the laws of the United States, shall bo
appointed for the term of four years, but shall be
removable from office at pleasure."
That section asserts the precise authority
claimed for Congress by Mr. Madison on the
19th of May, 1789, the authority to determine
whep and how official tenure should end.
It was superfluous for Congress to enact that
the President might remove officers if he had
the same authority under the Constitution.
And it was useless for Congress to attempt t.o
limit the tenure of an office to four years if the
President may extend it to twenty years, as he
clearly can if the Constitution has vested in
him alone the power of removal.
By that act Congress assumed to grant to the
Executive the power of removal. Six years
later a committee of the Senate, of which Mr.
Benton was chairman, made an elaborate re-
port, assuming the right of Congress to restrict
the power of removal. It does not appear to
have been considered by the Senate.
In 1835 another committee, of which Mr.
Calhoun was chairman, reported a bill which
practically denied the constitutional authority
of the President to remove from office. As
such it was received and considered by the
Senate. It led to a protracted and exhaustive
discussion. The debate of 1789 was thoroughly
reviewed. Among those who denied the power
now claimed by the President were Mr. Cal-
houn, Mr. Clay, Mr. Webster, Mr. Benton,
and Mr. Evving, of Ohio, whose name the
President recently sent to the Senate as the
successor of Mr. Stanton, whom he claimed
to have removed from office under the very
authority Mr. Ewing then vehemently denied
and ably controverted. Upon the passage of
the bill the vote of the Senate was as follows:
"Yiiis—Messrs. Bell, Benton, Bibb, Black, Cal-
houn, Clay. Clayton, Ewing, Frelinghuvsen. Golils-
borough, Kent, Kmjr of Georgia, Lei?h, McKean,
jtfangum, Moore, Naudnin, Poindextcr, Porter,
Prentiss. Preston, Tyler, "Wasgaman, Webster, and
White—31.
"Nays—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbcrt,
Hendricks, Hill, Kane, Kins of Alabama, Knight,
Linn, Morris. llobinson.Ruggles, Shipley, Talmadge,
Tipton, and Wright—16,"
But this vote, although a very emphatic
expression of the opinion of that Senate upon
the power in question, and very suggestive of
the opinion of that age, cannot strictly becon-
vsidered a decision of that Congress, since the
bili did not pass, and was not considered by
the House of Representatives.
But in 18C3 Congress passed an act to pro-
vide a national currency. The first section pro-
vided for a Comptroller of the Currency, and
enacted as follows:
"lie shall be appointed by the President, on tho
nomination of tho Secretary of the Treasury, by and
wit)) the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
hold his office for the term of five yeais, unless sooner
removed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.''
Of course, if the Constitution confers upon
the President the power to remove from office,
this provision was in palpable conflict with it,
and yet both Houses agreed to it, and President
Lincoln approved the act, as President Monroe
approved the act of 1820, above referred to.
Congress again asserted the same control
over the power of removal in the first section
of an act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the redemption thereof,
which act was also approved by the President
on the '3d of June, 1804. (See Stutules-at-
Large, vol. 13, p. 100.)
Again, the fifth section of the act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, XSG7, contains the
following provision:
"And no officer in the military or naval service
shall, in time of peace, be dismissed Irom the service
except upon and in pursuance of the sentence of
a court-martial to that effect or in commutation
thereof. '
The legislative history of this provision is
brief. It is strikingly suggestive of how much
of this clamor against the constitutionality of
the tenure-of-oflice act is attributable to parti-
san zeal, and how much to real conviction.
For this reason I refer to that history here.
The Arm}' appropriation bill being under
consideration in the Senate on the 19th of
June, 1866, Mr, Wilson offered an amend-
ment in the following words, to wit: ■
" And be it further enacted, That section seventeen
of an act entitled "Ail act to define the .pay and
emoluments of certain ofiicers of the Army," ap-
proved July 17,1862, and a resolution entitled "A
resolution to authorize the President to assign the
command of troops in the same field or .department
to officers of the same grade without regard to senior-
ity," approved April 4,1862, bo, and the sajneare.
hereby repealed: and no officer in the military or
naval service shall be dismissed from service except
upon and in pursuance of the sentence of a court-
martial to that effect, or in commutation thereof."—
Set Congressional Globe, First session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, p. 3254.
The amendment, as offered, was agreed to
without division and without objection. When
the bill was returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives it was committed, together with the
Senate amendment, to the Committee on Ap-
propriations. On the 25th of June the amend-
ments were reported back from that commit-
tee with the recommendation that the House
non-concur in' that amendment among others.
{Ibid., p. 3405.)
The bill subsquently was referred to a com-
mittee of conference, consisting on the part of
the Senate of Messrs. Sherman, Wilson, and
Yates ; and on the part of the House of Messrs.
Schenok, Niblick, and Thayer.
That committee reported that the House
agree to the amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment inserting the words "in time of
peace," after the word "shall."
In that form the amendment was accepted,
without a dissenting vote in either House.
The Senate which passed that act with such
unanimity was composed substantially of the
same individuals who now compose this tri-
bunal. Moreover the act was approved by the
respondent himself on the 12th of July, 1866.
In his answer filed in this cause the respond-
ent dwells upon the reluctance he felt to sur-
rendering any one of the prerogatives which
the Constitution had intrusted to the presi-
dential office. Such a reluctance, if sincere,
becomes a President always. But the respond-
ent's professions of reluctance in 1867 were
surely ill-timed, admitting they were sincere.
He had already surrendered this prerogative
in the solemn manner possible.
No one has asserted, and no one will assert,
that the Constitution vests in the President
any sort of control over the tenure of civil
offices that he does not possess over that of
military or naval offices.
If under the Constitution he can dismiss a
postmaster, he can dismiss also the General
of the Army and the Admiral of the Navy ; and
a statute forbidding the dismissal of either is
but idle words.
If Congress can lawfully forbid the President
to remove any military or naval officer, as was
done in the act above mentioned, surely it can-
not be denied that Congress may prohibit the
removal of any civil officer, as was subsequently
done by the tenure-of-offiee bill.
Either, then, the respondent now asserts
power which he believes to be unconstitutional,
or he then approved a statute which he believed
to be unconstitutional. For myself I cannot
help thinking the judgment of 18G6 was the
most candid and unbiased. He was then
under every obligation to defend the Constitu-
tion that rests upon him now. But he is now
manifestly under a necessity of defending him-
self, which he was not under then.
If the respondent were proved tc have
claimed to own an estate which he had by deed
conveyed to another, he would be held guilty
of slandering the title of his grantee. And
when he is heard, in answer to a charge of
usurping power, to assert an authority which
he has solemnly abjured, he must be held guilty
of slandering the Constitution and the prerog-
atives which that Constitution vests in Con-
gress.
Following the act of 1866 came the act of
March 2, 1867, entitled "An aot regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices."
In substance it prohibits the President from
