1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
The road toward specie payment is no easy
road. No matter what ingenious contrivances
are resorted to the goal cannot be reached
except through terrible privation and suffer-
ing, especially on the part of the laboring
masses of the people, who have nothing to tall
buck upon, and who have been the more un-
fitted for the new condition of things by habits
the direct consequence of the false prosperity
of the recent years of inflation.
The man who expects our currency to reach
the gold standard without producing terrible ;
financial calamities and wide-spread distress j
among the poor had better make up his mind j
to be disappointed. All history, all sound
theories upon finance unite to prove the thing
an utter impossibility.
But a return to specie payment is a neces-
sity. Nothing but the time and the manner
are left to us to choose, and, like everybody
else, I have my scheme embracing these ele-
ments. The principle of it is set forth in a
bill of a dozen lines in the hands of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency; and I will
now devote a little time to explaining its de-
tails and the results which, according to my
opinion, it promises.
Setting out, as I do, from the stand-point
that there is a redundancy of currency, and
that the redundancy for any given point of
time is measured approximately by the amount
of depreciation, I propose a reduction of the
volume of legal-tender notes.
Satisfied that the best time for an immediate
resumption of specie payments has gone by,
and that, however desirable it might be, the
people will not submit to an immediate resump-
tion, I propose that it shall be gradual. And
believing that many of the evils of contraction
•will be lessened by the adoption of a rule that
shall be known and understood by everybody,
that shall not be dependent upon the caprice or
even the judgment of any one man, and that
shall operate most when most needed, I pro-
pose to let the fact as well as the amount
of contraction be governediVom time to time
by the market price of legal-tenders.
Following out these ideas, the bill provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause
to be redeemed and canceled all legal-tender
notes presented for redemption in sums not
less than one hundred dollars each at one
hundred dollars in gold for one hundred and
forty dollars in notes during the first month
after the passage of the act; one hundred
and thirty-nine and a half during the second
month; one hundred and thirty-nine during the
third, and so on, reducing the redemption price
fifty cents per month until it reaches one hun-
dred dollars. This process would bring about
specie payment in six years and eight months.
The advantages of this plan are: 1. That
everybody would know when contraction was
going on, and would know what legal tenders
would be worth to him in the markets of the
world at any given point of time in the future.
Loans would be made and sales on time would
be effected with reference to that price. A
note at four months would be worth two per
cent, more by the appreciation of the currency
it was to be paid in. Hence sales on time and
loans would be made on better terms to the*
purchaser and borrower.
2. The contraction would not be made as
now at the arbitrary will of the Secretary of
the Treasury, but would be governed by the
laws of trade. If currency is in demand the
price would go up, and there would be no
redemption ; if in excess, the price would go
down and redemption would follow. Thus the
contraction would occur when the business
interests of the country could best bear it.
8. After the plan had been in operation a few
months, the relative values of gold and notes
would be fixed by it within very narrow limits,
and the business of gold gambling would in a
gieat measure be broken up. There would be
no profit in hoarding gold, because it would
become of less and less relative value, nor in
hoarding notes, because the appreciation would
be less than the interest on the amount.
This plan is not open to the charge of repu-
diation, because the redemption would always
be voluntary on the part of the note-holder.
An individual may fairly buy his own paper in
open market at a discount. So may the Gov-
ernment- • It may be the previous fault of the
individual that this can be done.' So it is that
of the Government. The purchase of the paper
in both cases is the commencement of the rem-
edy. It appreciates the value of what remains.
I do not contend that this plan will avoid the
financial embarrassments necessarily incident
to contraction. That can only be done by the
man who will invent a scheme by which it will
be easy for debtors to pay in coin debts con-
tracted in depreciated currency. But I do con-
tend that it will lessen those embarrassments by
pointing them out beforehand, and by keeping
the money market in that condition which will
force the community to make ready for them.
I know that plans for the redemption of the
currency meet with little favor at this time in
this body. I know there is a party here, and
not a small one, in favor of issuing many mil-
lions more of these dishonored promises to
pay. I know there is a clamor for expansion
coming here from different parts of the coun-
try, but I warn gentlemen not to mistake it
for the voice of the people. It comes from
the mere surface of the body politic, that por-
tion of it not yet sobered from the intoxica-
tion of the late expansion; the traders, the
dealers, the brokers, who made all the profit
out of the inflation, and who fear their occu-
pation is gone; the bond-holders, who naturally
wish to continue the system by which they get
enormous rates of interest out of the Govern-
ment. These people are always the first to
be heard in the halls of legislation, and now I
admit their voice is for inflation.
But let us not be deceived. This voice is
not the voice of the people. Beneath this
intoxicated surface of the community are the
great producing masses of the country, people
who received little or no benefit from the infla-
tion, but upon whom the inevitable reaction is
already falling with a heavy hand; men who
ask only that the dollar which they daily earn
and daily expend for bread shall be made the
honest dollar of the country by the Govern-
ment fulfilling its promises to pay. Beneath
this noisy surface, too, are the men of small
means, the savings of a life of toil, the widows,
the orphans, and the old men living on fixed
incomes, and the Government pensioners, all
of whom find their small incomes taxed thirty
per cent, by our failure to pay the notes due,
demanded, and dishonored.
Those people constitute the great body of
the community, long suffering and slowto anger,
but capable when combined and aroused of
overturning administrations, dynasties, and
thrones. Their voice rarely reaches the ear
of Government, but when it does, there is no
other sound audible. In other countries these
people are heard in popular outbreaks which
rarely fail ultimately of the result. Here they
speak at long intervals through the ballot-box,
and I warn gentlemen that if we allow our-
selves to be led away by this senseless and
selfish clamor for expansion our seats here
will soon be filled by those who will repudiate
this repudiation of the Government, and who
will demand that it shall pay these millions of
promises due, demanded, and dishonored, to
the uttermost farthing.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to propound a
question to the gentleman, pertinent to a
single point. I desire to know whether he con-
sidered it repudiation on the part of the Gov-
ernment when, some years ago, it compelled
its creditors to take greenbacks on gold con-
tracts, and also compelled the soldiers to take
greenbacks for their pay ?
Mr. BliOOMALL. The gentleman has
wholly mistaken my position. I do not say it
is repudiation for the Government to compel
its own creditors oriany other creditors to take
legal tenders. I say it is repudiation to refuse
to pay the legal tenders when they become due
and payment is demanded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At the
close of the speech of my colleague [Mr. lloss]
on Saturday, I was unable to get the floor to
reply before the adjournment. In asking the
question which I did of him and upon which
his speech was founded, whether he was in
favor of a further issue of paper money by the
Government, and a consequent depreciation
thereof, the gentleman declared himself in favor
of a further depreciation of the currency.
It was that admission I desired to obtain of
him j and I now hold him to his declaration
before his constituents and before the couptry.
He stands committed to a policy most fatal
and destructive to every interest of the labor-
ing classes and to the best interests of the coun-
try. It is a policy that is paralyzing business,
destroying confidence, and leading to universal
bankruptcy and ruin. It is the policy of the
stock-gamblers, the shysters, the bankrupts,
of stock-speculators, and gold-eaters of Wall
street, in whose interest my colleague seems to
be acting ; a policy which may enalfte that
class of people to get rich, but which must
impoverish his and my constituents; a policy
to make the rich richer and the poor poorer;
a contrivance for absorbing the hard earnings
of the laboring classes of his district; a warfare
against their industry, frugality, and economy.
It is a policy which has plundered the labor-
ing men, for while, as I said on Saturday, it has
increased the price of the commodities they
must consume ninety-three per cent., their
wages have been increased only sixty-three
per cent.
The gentleman saw fit to speak of me as
being in the interest of the banks. - I do
not know what warrant he had so to speak of
me in that regard. Did he suppose 1 was in
the interest of the banks because he had called
upon me to aid him at the Treasury Depart-
ment in getting national banks for ais Demo-
cratic constituents?
He spoke of me as Wishing to pay off the
widow and the discrepit soldier in depreciated
paper currency and the bondholders in gold.
Sir, I will not permit the gentleman to set a
back fire and then escape under cover of the
smoke he has raised. I will not here discuss
the question of the taxation of the Govern-
ment bonds further than to say that if they are
taxable why has not the gentleman brought in
a bill for that purpose—tor he has been here
during all the period of our legislation upon
that subject ? Is it because it will affect the
interests of his Democratic national banks
which he represents in Pike, Schuyler, Brown,
and Fulton ? If he thinks the bonds can be
taxed let him bring in his bill for that pur-
pose; let the law be passed, and then let the
question of its constitutionality be submitted
to the Supreme Court.
But the gentleman proposes further to dilute
the currency by issuing untold millions more
of irredeemable paper. He called it "water-
ing the currency"—a sort of "swill-milk" opera-
tion. [laughter,] which, when applied to milk,
is made by the statutes of many of the States
a punishable offense ; but unfortunately there
is no punishment by statute for the man who
is guilty of " watering the currency," of inflat-
ing the paper money of the country, although
it is robbing the people and poisoning the very
fountains of their wealth and prosperity.
Let the gentleman be held to his " swill-milk''
policy; let him not try to squirm out of the
effect of the policy which he has boldly'an-
nounced as the platform he is to stand upon.
I ask the constituents of the gentleman to
look into the scheme of paper rags which he
is so much, in love with—paper worth even
now but seventy cents on the dollar; and fol-
lowing the example of the rebels he proposes
to go on "watering" it until it will take a
bushel of it to buy a breakfast; until there will
be no possibility of the redemption of a single
dollar of it, and the whole amount be wiped
out like the old continental money, or like the
the French assignats at the time of the French
Revolution.
My colleague did not tell the House how he
