1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2551
■what its scope and purport are? It begins, as
I have said, by a simple recital that there is
some reason to believe that  
"Mr. DRAKE. That it "seems to them."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; but I put it in the
strongest light, that improper or corrupt means
have been made use of—"used," in the lan-
guage of the resolution—to produce an influ-
ence. The House of Representatives, in the
preamble taken alone, do not undertake to
hint that these means have produced an influ-
ence; but is any Senator so ignorant of law or
of history or of common sense as not to know
that the use of means frequently happens with-
out producing the result desired? If so, we
must have all lived in vain, because there is
not one of us, I take it, who has not in the
ooursc of his lifetime—T was about to say
every day—made attempts and efforts to accom-
plish something that utterly and totally failed;
and of course wo can make no attempt unless
reemploy means, as my friend from New York
[Mr. Coxkt.ixoJ very properly suggests.
And if that were open to doubt by any re-
finement of criticism the body of the resolution
explains itself. It says on account of this in-
formation the managers are authorized, for
the further prosecution of the impeachment
against the President, to send for these wit-*
nesses and ascertain these facts; and my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Somxer] says that it
was explained in debate; but no matter for
that. I am notaccustomed to look to debates
much to ascertain what the meaning of resolu-
tions and bills is. It does not need any ex-
planation. It explains itself upon the face of
it. All that preamble is, like every other pre-
amble, the mere inducement to that which the
House order and direct, and from that induce-
ment they think it wise to instruct the man-
agers to make further inquiry. Against whom ?
Against the President of the United States,
the person against whom this impeachment is
now depending, and to summon witnesses and
examine them for the purpose of prosecuting
an impeachment that is now pending.
How is any Senator, I should be glad to
know, to torture that into an attack upon the
privileges of the Senate, to torture that into
bringing into accusation any Senator? Is it
within the privileges of a Senator to be so abso-
lutely wrapped up in the majesty of this body
as to be incapable of telling the truth? Is there
any constitutional privilege that belongs to this
body that should seal the mouths of its mem-
bers, if they know any truth which relates to
the impeachment? I do not know of any.
Possibly, as this trial develops, we may dis-
cover some; but I think not.
Where, then, is this great difficulty? The
House of Representatives have said, it seems,
to their own committee that there is some rea-
son to suspect that improper and corrupt
inflnences have been resorted to, in order to
produce a result that has not yet been pro-
duced, and therefore, looking to the party from
•whom they suspect these improper and cor-
rupt influences have emanated, they instruct
their agents to inquire as to his further prose-
cution, and to summon witnesses to attend be-
fore them for that purpose. Has my friend
from Missouri any privilege to refuse an invi
tation of that kind? Is there anything, as I
said before, in the constitution of this body
which should seal his mouth, if he had been
one of the objects of that influence? Of course
1 know he would spurn it. *
I beg him and I beg Senators not to sup-
pose that I have the remotest suspicion that he
has been tainted or soiled in the slightest de-
gree. But if any agent of the President has
come to him and offered him improper or cor-
rupt reasons for voting one way or another,
have not the House of Representatives the right
to know that as well as us? The Constitution
has committed to them the power to originate
impeachments and to us to try them ; and if
any agent of the President has not done this
thing, is there any harm in my friend from
Missouri saying so? And his word would set-
tle the question.
Wherefore, then, is it, Mr. President, that
we have this large degree of sensitiveness and
unhappiness that seems to be produced among
us at this simple fact that, for the further pros-
ecution of a case that the Constitution and laws
permit them to prosecute, the House of Repre-
sentatives have thought fit to authorize their
agents to send for witnesses, persons, and pa-
pers, and those agents, in the discharge of that
duty, have thought it right and reasonable to
address a respectful application to Senators to
come and state before them if they know any-
thing about it; and that is the whole of the
story. I do not regard that as an insult to this
body. I do not regard it as any reflection upon
this body. Of course as to what its prospects
are, what its foundation is, I have no knowl-
edge, information, or belief. I reserve all that.
But as to the simple proposition that the House
of Representatives have thought fit in their
own way to make further inquiry into the eon-
duct of the President of the United States, I
think they have a perfect right to do it as a
matter of taste as well as a matter of constitu-
tional law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the only
propriety of this resolution presented by the
Senator from Kentucky lies in the fact that
the House of Representatives has adopted the
other resolution, and that its managers are pro-
ceeding under it to call members of the Senate
before them, and, besides that, also to investi-
gate directly the conduct of particular mem-
bers of this body. The Senator from Vermont
may expend the whole of his ingenuity upon
the face of the resolution adopted by the House,
and may, as an adroit and astute lawyer, as we
know he is, endeavor to convince us, against
the plain facts of the case, that the House are
in no way and in no sense intending to touch
upon the Senate or upon any of its members.
But, sir, he will lose his labor. The facts are
plainly against him from the beginning of this
very singular transaction of the House of Rep-
resentatives down to the present moment, and
the facts which have transpired to the public
as well as to the members of the Senate give
them as well as us complete information on
this point.
Now, sir, the adoption of the resolution of
the Senator from Kentucky will announce to
the House of Representatives and to the public
that the Senate itself will investigate and
examine matters relating to the conduct of its
members or to the attempt to apply influence
to thein. It is an enunciation that, in view of
what has been done by the House and by the
managers of the House, the Senate proposes
to take this matter in charge and look into it;
and if there be any occasion for any investi-
gation whatever the proper tribunal shall
undertake it, under those assurances of pro-
priety and those guarantees of power which
ought to surround and accompany any invest-
igation of this kind, in which character is
involved, in which the adminisUatiou of public
justice is involved, in which the position and
dignity of one of the two branches of Congress
is involved.
It is only with reference to considerations
of this kind that I bring my mind to the point
of voting for the resolution of the Senator
from Kentucky. If these matters out of which
proceedings have arisen rested merely in news-
paper correspondence, in theloose and thought-
less and reckless assertions of men who write
what we do, and sometimes what we do not do,
I should be very much averse to adopting a
resolution to dignify out-door, vague, uncer-
tain, unauthentic, uncorroborated reports by
leveling against them a resolution of this body.
But, sir, the associate branch of Congress it-
self has moved ; it has declared in the face of
this nation that its managers have information
which constitutes probable cause for believing
that corrupt influences have been used—not
purposed, not intended merely; but used to
influence the decision of the Senate upon the
trial of impeachment. Therefore, say the
House, the managers are authorized, in secret,
by their whole number and by sub-committees
down t.o one of their number, in private, em-
ploying the whole power of the House, to call
anybody before thein and' to explore this qses-
tion of the use of corrupt meansupon members
of the Senate. The object also is announced;
and what is that? That the managers may
further and successfully prosecute tlieimpeaelt-
ment. What impeachment? The one pend-
ing before the Senate and about to be decided
by it—not some future impeachment hereafter
brought. There is no reference to that in the
resolution, although there is a reference to it
here in debate in order to get away, I suppose,
from the pinch of the argument.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will excuse
me, I made no reference to any future im-
peachment. An. impeachment is one thing;
and if my friend is acquainted with parlia-
mentary proceedings, as he is, he knows it is
perfectly competent for an impeaching body to
file additional articles at any time before the
impeachment is disposed of.
Mr. BUCKALEW. An impeachment may
be single or double. I am not going into nice
discriminations of that sort, because if I get
upon points of technicality 1 shall be sure to
be worsted by my friend from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You will, if you are not
right, clearly.
* Mr. BUCKALEW. Now, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, this resolution thus adopted by the House,
and bearing the character which 1 have as-
signed it, is the foundation of the proceedings
now going on. The public papers announce
to us that the managers have called witness
after witness and asked them all the questions
that could possibly be asked in the investiga-
tion of a criminal before them for trial, and
applied it all to a member of this body. Tlicj
have inquired about what he has done; where
he has been ; who have called upon him ; who
have conversed with him ; entire conversations
in which he was one party and the witness
another. They have asked directly all those
questions which point to a corrupt use of
money. Ay, and 1 understand tliey have
gone into the banks of Washington to ascer-
tain how the accounts of witnesses stand theie,
all leveled and directed to the one purpose.
Why ? The whole country understands it, and
we understand it, and it is idle to get away
from it upon any technical suggestions such as
those which have been submitted to us by iho
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. President, 1 think after the adjournment
of the court of impeachment, it would have
been a wise thing for the two Houses ot Con-
gress to adjourn also ; because it was inevitable
that if they remained in session this subject of
impeachment would intrude itself into both
Houses constantly, and that nothing else could
be done; no general or public business could
be transacted. 1 am very sorry indeed that
the two Houses did not adjourn, and that all
these matters, which are only, after all, pro-
ductive of scandal and mischief in the country,
could not have been avoided ; that we should
have heard nothing of impeachment in the
legislative session of the Senate until the final
judgment was pronounced.
The only practical point that I desired to be
heard upon or that 1 intended to speak upon
this morning, was this, after hearing the state-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, that the
Senate, in view of what has taken place, should
adopt a resolution which should give directions'
to its own members and should express its own
opinion upon this proceeding by the managers
of the House. Whether the resolution of the
Senator from Kentucky be adopted or not, I
think we ought to adopt a resolution directed
to that end. We ought to say, and to declare
now once for all, whether the members of the
Senate are to be taken before the managers or
a committee of the House, and examined with
reference to anything which concerns the im-
peachment ; whether the Senate considers that
its privileges extend to the entire immunity ol
its own members pending this trial. If we do
not do that, we cannot foresee what will take
place hereafter. Ifc seems that two members
