1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3575
suffer if we refuse to make the appropriation.
The reason why we mak-e it this year—I sup-
pose it is to be made—is because it was made
last year; for you have seen by the registry I
have given you here that when you once find
a pretext for putting an appropriation on the
s!aiute booli, it is idle to look for pretext to
take it off. That cannot be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that the
argument of the Senator from Wisconsin is
very singular. He says he believes these men
can take care of themselves as well as any other
men, because they have done it. How have
they done it? They have done it because
Congress by its legislation compelled them to
do it; that is to say, took the means to do it
out of their own money, did not suffer their
money to go into their own hands entirely, but
took possession of ar.d retained a portion of it
for their benefit, going upon the idea which all
nations have recognized with regard to this
class of men, that they are perfectly incapable
of taking care of themselves, because from the
nature of their pursuit they are so improvident
and careless. Everybody knows that as a
general rule a sailor spends all he has made
in three days after he gets ashore, and gets in
debt to the keeper of the lodging-house where
he stays, and is obliged to ship again, no mat-
ter how much money he may have had when
he landed. All commercial nations have found
it absolutely necessary to make provision for
taking care of this class of men. Has Con:
gress legislated to take care of those who get
sick and disabled in agricultural pursuits?
No. Why? Because they can take care of
themselves Their habits of life are different.
They are naturally thrifty; they are among
friends; they have people who are interested
in them. They are a different class of men
altogether. They live in communities steadily;
they have homes; they are surrounded by all
thegood influences ofthe communities in which
they live. But what is a sailor? He has no
home except on board his vessel; he knocks
about all over the world at foreign jiorts, and
from his habits of life is necessarily incapable
of taking care of himself. We provide for sick
and disabled soldiers. We give them pensions
and we furnish hospitals for them. We fur-
nish hospitals for the sick and disabled seamen
of the Navy. We lake the money from the
sailor in the commercial marine, and this is
simply an appropriation to supply the deficiency
of that fund by providing for the sick and dis-
abled seamen.
The Senator argues that this fund has been
wasted, and he points to the hospitals that
have been built, and to the fact that the fund
was reduced by building half a dozen hospitals
up and down the Mississippi river. Who did
that? Did the sailors doit? No. Did they
ask for it? No. Individuals representing dis-
tricts asked for it, and Congress did it. Who
robbed the fund? Who reduced it? Who
brought about the necessity for making this
appropriation to take care of sick and disabled
seamen, because the fund furnished by their
wages is not large enough? Congress by inter-
fering with the fund and devoting it to these
purposes.
Mr. HOWE. Let me inform the Senator
that Congress never took any of this fund
except $50,000 to constitute a naval fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was nothingtaken out
for the purpose of building marine hospitals?
Did not the Senator just now argue that the
fund was reduced for that very reason ?
Mr. IIOWE. In the first half century
$15,000 was taken to build a hospital at Chel-
sea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not the Senator
in his last remarks point to those hospitals that
had been built at particular places and com-
ment upon the fact that this money was appro-
priated for the purpose of building hospitals?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; that has come out of
the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, then, that
argument fails.
Mr. HOWE. I did not make it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Sen-
ator to make it. If that be not the fact, then
it turns out that this fund was insufficient for
the support of the sailors, and hence an appro-
priation was made from the Treasury for build-
ing those hospitals. Then the Senator's argu-
ment fails at each end. If an appropriatioK was
found necessary, it was because enough was
not taken from the wages of the sailors to an-
swer the purpose of providing for sick and dis-
abled seamen. That may have arisen from
several causes. I suggested that it might come
from the fact that commerce was not so pros-
perous in one year as in another. It might also
arise from the fact that a great deal more money
was expended oil account of a greater degree
of sickness in one year than another. Or it
may beperhaps that the hospital system is more
expensive. Undoubtedly it is where you have
a case like that at Galena; and where you have
such a case it would undoubtedly be better to
provide by the contract system for having the
sailors taken care of; but the objection found
to the contract system has been this: where
you have a contract and the sailors are taken
care of at so much a week, it is likely that but
very few people can be found who will take
care of sailors, and those who do are likely to
be a class of people who want to make as much
money out of them as they can; and the result
is that the sailor is neglected or abused and
does not get that which is sufficient for him in
the way of food or medicine or care. For
that reason in large places where there are
likely to be many sick sailors hospitals are built
to take care of them. They may in somo places
cost more than they ought, and the fund may
have been reduced in that way.
That is a natural consequence, perhaps, but
that is nothing against the system, if the sys-
tem is founded upon general principles appli-
cable to commerce. If the Senator can find
any way to compel merchants who own vessels
to take care of sick and disabled seamen after
they are discharged, that will be one thing; but
there would be no more justice in doing that
than there would be in passing a law to compel
every farmer to take care of a sick or disabled
servant or laborer in his employ; and you do
not do that. These men, as I said before, the
moment they finish a voyage are discharged;
they are thrown on the world; and if they are
sick or disabled there is nobody to take care
of them. If they are able seamen, they ship
again. This provision is a mattei that arises
from the necessity of the case and from the
nature of the business. It is not to support
commerce, but it is a matter that arises from
commerce, and commerce itself is a necessity
to every great people and needs encourage-
ment, and every great people does encourage it
in every proper way, not by appropriating
money, but by passing laws such as are best
calculated to effect the purpose. I really hope
that we shall not set the example to the civil-
ized people of the world of being the only
commercial nation on the face ot the earth
that will do nothing for the support of sick and
disabled seamen who so much need it.
Mr. HOWE. I only want to add a word. I
shouldliketofindsomecommongroundon which
the Senator from Maine and myselt could stand.
I was very much inclined to insist on the idea
that these seamen could take care of them-
selves ; but the Senator insists that they cannot
and will not. Conceding that he knows more
about them than I do, let it be admitted, for
the purpose of this argument,that they will not,
yet the fact remains that up to 1816 the Gov-
ernment did take care of them by means of
moneys collected from their wages. The Sena-
tor assumes that that fund proved insufficient.
I have not seen the evidence of it, and I think
there is evidence to the contrary on the statute-
book. But suppose it is not sufficient, is not
the true remedy to raise it to twenty-five cents
a month or thirty cents or forty cents or fifty,
or whatever is necessary to do the business,
for the Senator asserts that whatever is not
collected from them they spend in a thrift-
less and idle and dissipated way. Then, in-
stead of appropriating money that hard labor
has earned and put into the Treasury, let us
take it out of moneys which otherwise, accord-
ing to his theory and his argument would be
expended in dissipation, and without any profit
or good to the seamen. I do not think that is
necessary. I do not think humanity calls for
this appropriation in that point of view. We
make it, not iji the interests of humanity, not
in the interests of necessity, but in the interests
of dissipation and thriftlessness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Since the debate
sprung up I have been looking at the hospital
returns, and I find for the year 1866 tliat. there
were one hundred and sixteen places where
funds were collected off thesailors and as maay
places where they were disbursed. There were
eighty places where they were disbursed to
sailors in private modes ; and there were thirty-
six hospitals where sailors were cared for.
Upon the rough estimate I have been able to
make while the debate has been going on, I
find in round numbers $300,000 expended for
the year 18G0 for these purposes, for the sup-
port of the hospitals and for the support of
sailors according to private modes. Then I
find in round numbers about one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars collected from the
sailors by the twenty cents a month. That
would leare a deficiency of about one hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars for that year.
The year 1867, which is the last, I think,
does not differ materially, although there are
not as many hospitals. Some of the hospitals
have been sold. I believe there are twenty-
six now, and of course there are more persons'
supported in private modes. I have not added
the figures; but glancing at them I should say
that the sum collected and disbursed perhaps
was just about the same.
My own recollection on the subject when
before the committee on the exhibit presented
by the Senator from Wisconsin, was that this
thing from small beginnings and from prudent
economy had grown up to be somewhat im-
provident, somewhat largely extended and
unthrifty, and that there were extravagant and
needless and wasteful expenditure, and that it
needed a remedy. Whether the remedy is the
one proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin
and which the committee propose is for the
Senate to consider. I do not believe that the
expenditures to the extent that they have been
made for the last twenty years in the erection
of marine hospitals, a great many of which
have been sold as worthless in the last two or
three years, should be continued in that way.
I should hope that the reform which has
been spoken of by the Senator from Michigan,
and which he contemplates will take place
under the supervision of the new superintend-
ent who is provided by an act which has passed
the Senate, will be all that he expects. Whether
it will be or not of course experience alone
can test. I am satisfied, however, in any view
of it, if Senators think the system ought to
prevail and ought to be supported and that
this deficiency ought to be provided for and
the old policy continued, §150,000 is enough ;
and if the new board of supervision understand
that Congress is looking into this subject and
the appropriation should be reduced so as to
require them to understand it, I believe it
would be both salutary to the service and to
the health of the sailors and everybody con-
nected with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Theques-
tion is on the amendmentof the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike out the clause as
amended.
The amendment was rejected—ayes seven,
noes not counted.
The next amendment was after the word1 'dol-
lars,'- in line sixty-seven, to insert:
Provided. That the building shall bp completed
without any further appropriation by the trovern-
incut.
So as to make the clause read :
r Toward rebuilding the United States military asy-
lum for disabled soldiers at Togus,
Maine, destroyed by accidental ire, JZD.wu. no
