1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•^Cjfav
1527
ably the Senate now possesses no such power.
It possesses no judicial power at this moment,
because the case is not before us and we are
not organized. Clearly, it can exercise no
legislative power, because it is but a single
branch of Congress. I submit, therefore, in
order to end all this matter, we had best omit
the latter portion of this rule, and if it be neces-
sary to have_something of the kind, it pertains
to the exercise of judicial power by the Senate
when it comes to be organized as a court, and
it can make such an order hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not occupy the time
of the Senate. I should be sorry to see us
strip ourselves, by refusing to adopt a rule of
this kind, of the power which that rule confers.
It is a power which inheres in a body like this,
as it does to the House of Commons and the
House of Lords in England, from whence we
derive our theory of trying impeachments.
This rule only regulates and puts in force in
the way of execution this existing power.
We have to act as an organized body, whether
sittiugas a Senate or sitting as a court, because,
as I said before, it is the same body exercising
different functions, sitting for different pur-
poses. Therefore, when the Constitution per-
mits us to make rules and regulations for the
government of the Senate, I think under the
Constitution we can make a regulation for the
government of the Senate when it is exercis-
ing any of the functions that the Constitution
imposes upon it. Being of the opinion that
this power to protect ourselves and to enforce
any order or mandate that the Constitution
authorizes us to make exists, while I agree
that it ought to have the assistance of law in a
great many respects, it being in my judgment
an inherent power, we have a right to regulate
and to name the cases in which it shall be put
in exercise. As I have said before, if any
question arises after we are sworn, and the
Chief Justice takes the chair, as to the fact
that the functions of the court are cramped by
these general rules, it will be time enough then
for the court to say that it will or will not (be-
cause it is the same body) change or execute
them. Now, I should be sorry to seethe Sen-
ate exercising tlieconstitutional power of mak-
ing rules and regulations in general, refuse to
provide for putting in exercise a power of this
kind, while I hope andbelieveitwillnotbe ne-
cessary to make use of it; especially in view of
the fact that it has been published to the world
in another place, (using parliamentary lan-
guage,) by a distinguished leader, that our
orders, processes, andmandatpswillberesisted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am inclined to agree
with the views that have been taken of this
part of the section by the Senators from Dela-
ware and Pennsylvania, for the reasons which
they have stated and for other reasons which,
perhaps, I may suggest. ^Assuming that the
Senate, when it proceeds to try an impeach-
ment, is a court, I suppose it possesses those
powers as to the execution of its judgments
that other courts possess—no other or greater
powers. I do not suppose that it can be con-
tended that the Senate can make a rule which
will have the force of law. True, the'Senate may
provide for its own government in the transac-
tion of any particular kind of business; but I
do not understand that the Senate can make
a rule that will operate upon persons outside
of the Senate, or that will operate like a legisla-
tive act.
Assuming, then, that the Senate, in making
these rules, is confined to the creation of or-
ders that regulate its own actions, it seems to
me to follow necessarily that the court has no
power by the use of military force to execute
its judgment. Take any court; if yon please
the supreme court of the District of Columbia.
Suppose a judgment is rendered by that court;
it becomes the duty of the ministerial officer,
the marshal or the sheriff, to execute that
judgment. If resistance is made to the pro-
cess in his hands, then he may summon the
posse romitatus for the purpose of executing
that process; and if the resistance is so strong
as to defeat his proceedings, under such cir-
cumstances, if there be any law of the land
which authorizes it, he may call upon the mil-
itary to assist him in the execution of the pro-
cess. But I submit that when judgment is ren-
dered by the court the jurisdiction of the court
is at an end, so far as enforcing its execution
is concerned. Can the supreme court of the
District of Columbia make an order and enter
it upon its records that if any process of that
court is resisted a military or naval force shall
be employed in the execution of that process?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will allow
me to correct him, he is mistaken. These rules
contemplate a continuance of the court as long
as the court shall think it necessary to remain
with a view to the exercise of any powers it
may possess in the execution of the judgment.
The rule provides for a continuance of the court
after the judgment.
Mi'. WILLIAMS. Ido notsce that that in any
way affects the question of power as to whether
the court in session may make an order com-
manding the military or naval forces of the
United States to do any act whatever, unless it
may be to protect the court, to protect its dignity,
to preserve decorum. That is an inherent power
in the court. But can the court issue an order
as a court and say to General Grant, "You
marshal your army in such a place for such a
purpose?" Or can it issue an order to any
admiral in the Navy to put his armed vessels in
any particular position for any purpose? It
seems to me that if there is no law 011 the sub-
ject, there ought to be a law providing for the
enforcement of judgments that are rendered in
cases of this kind. If there be no law, then
such a law ought to be enacted; but, because
there is no law, the Senate has no power to
assume to create such a law and exorcise legis-
lative power. 1 do not desire to have the
Senate in making these rulesgo beyond its juris-
diction, though I am in favor, of course, of all
rules Uiatare necessary to enable the Senate to
transact its business. But it does seem to me
that if in a case of impeachment that may be
tried before the Senate a judgment of guilty
should be pronounced by the court it can make
no subsequent order for the execution of that
judgment. If the person who is to be removed
from office by that judgment refuses to obey
that judgment then legislation will be neces-
sary or some other power must be interposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Constitution pro-
vides for that case. With due deference to my
friend, this rule merely provides for the en-
forcement of the interlocutory orders or decrees
of the court. That is the effect of it. It is
true the word "judgments" is used; but the
moment the judgment of the Senate is pro-
nounced and the result of that judgment is
proclaimed, then by the Constitution, if the
judgment should be in one direction, an offi-
cer is designated who is Commander-in-Chief
of the Army of the United States.. If the
judgment of the Senate should be in the other
way, no order is to be executed, and conse-
quently no case could arise. This does not
provide for enforcing a final judgment. I agree
with the Senator for that purpose it is not suffi-
cient.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what I supposed
the rule meant, and it is upon that assumption
that I have been expressing my views.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that be so I concur
with the Senator. If it is proposed by a mere
act of the Senate to provide for a resistance to
our final judgment I concur with him. There
is no necessity for a law to do that; the Con-
stitution does that already. The Constitution
gives then to a designated officer power over
the Army and Navy. The judgment of the
court pronounced in due form is the final de-
cision, and then another officer is designated
by the law who has the whole command of the
military and naval forces of the United States ;
so that there is no necessity for us to provide
for the enforcement of our judgment. The
makers of the Constitution have provided for
that already.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not intend to make
my remarks applicable to any incidental or
interlocutory order of the court; but I sup-
posed that this was intended to provide by a
rule of the Senate for the enforcement of its
final judgment as a court of impeachment, by
commanding the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States to execute that judgment.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the purpose!
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Senator
will allow me to say that the word "judgments "
is used in the portion of this rule which I pro-
pose to strike out, and the final judgment cer-
tainly is as much a judgment as any other.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not see myself any
objection to this clause as it stands. So far as
it will have any legal effect whatever it will
enable the Senate, while sitting as a court, to
call to its aid such assistance as may be neces-
sary to enforce the oiders of the court. For
instance, suppose we should send after a wit-
ness and he should refuse to come. We then
send our little policc force to arrest him and
bring him here: and suppose they should be
resisted? This authorizes 11s to call upon the
military authority to enforce it. It is a power
inherent in a court; it may be limited by law,
but it is a power inherent in every court to en-
force its judgment, its decree, not finally, but
in the process, as a kind of police regulation,
to enforce its interlocutory orders.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not agree to that
proposition of laWi I say that the Sergeant-
at-Arms, or, if you please, the sheriff of the
court, is to execute the order, and he has the
power to summon the posse comitatus and to
make the necessary rules for the enforcement
of the process ; but the court makes no order
as to summoning military or naval forces to
execute process, as 1 understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Constitution
of the United States makes the Senate of the
United States a court, and ample power is
given by the Constitution, it seems to me,
without the aid of additional legislation, to
enforce its interlocutory orders aiyl decrees.
If not, as a matter of course, this can do no
harm, and it may do a great deal of good.
It may be necessary to exercise the power in
the progress of the trial. But I agree with
the Senator as to the final judgment. The
word "judgments" is used here; but there
are many judgments. Every order is in the
nature of a judgment. The word "judg-
ment" techically used in a suit is the final
judgment; but there maybe many judgments,
interlocutory judgments, interlocutory decrees,
orders, &c. If this rule means to give to
the Senate the power to enforce its final judg-
ment, the Senator from Michigan will admit
at once that it is nugatory, because the final
judgment of this tribunal must depend upon
those provisions of the Constitution of the
United States which declare that anothei ofliuer,
upon our pronouncing judgment in a particu-
lar way, shall assume the executive authority
of the Government and shall be the Comman-
der-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not sure but that I
should concur entirely with the honorable
Senator from Ohio, although I do not think at
this stage it is worth while to discuss such a
question. I do not know, and I shall not
undertake to say, how far the authority of the
Senate would extend by way of enforcing its
final judgment; but at the same time I do not
yield, I do not undertake to say, I will not as-
sume, that in a certain exigeucy the Senate
would not have power, in and of itself, under
the Constitution, to enforce a final judgment
of its own. I leave that for consideration
whenever it shall properly come up. But I do
hope that this clause will not be stricken out.
The Senate is elotbedfwith certain powers
under the Constitution. As a single body it
is required, solely required, to try all impeach-
ments. This duty resting upon the body, and
there being nothing in the Constitution itself
directing the means by which it shall perform
the duty, is it not perfectly clear that by im-
plication the Senate is vested with all powers
and authorities necessary to execute this par
