1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
ticular power to hear, try, and determine an
impeachment? I take it no gentleman will
deny that proposition.
Suppose, then, our authority is resisted.
Suppose we issue an attachment to compel the
attendance of a witness who is in contempt of
our authority, and suppose there should be
resistance on his part, violent resistance, to the
service of the attachment by our ministerial
officer, is the Senate entirely powerless to send
assistance to our ministerial officer to enable
him to perform the duty which our order im-
poses upon him ? Certainly I cannot think so.
I think we have authority as a court to se§ to
it that justice is done; and justice can only
be done by introducing witnesses here before
us to swear to the truth; and when we order a
witness to come here it is his duty to come;
and if he refuses we have full authority, it
seems to me, to use any amount of physical
force which may be necessary to bring him
here and compel him to swear.
I do not think this clause contemplates a
final judgment of the Senate sitting as a court
of impeachment; but it seems rather to eon-
template an interlocutory order. Its lan-
guage is:
" And the presiding officor raajt,by the diroction of
tho court"—
That is, whenever the court shall see fit to
direct the presiding officer to do so—
"requiro tho aid and assistance of any officer or
person in the naval, military, or civil servico ot the
United States, to cnioroc, execute, and carry into
effect, tlio lawful orders, mandates, writs, precepts,
and judgments of said court."
It is not necessary, it sceras to me, to dis-
cuss the question how far the military or naval
forces would be obliged to obey such a require-
ment on our part; but if they should volun-
tarily obey it then clearly they would be act-
ing lawfully and properly in carrying out our
order. I apprehend there will be no hesita-
tion, should any such serious exigency require
it, on the part of the military authorities to
obey this Senate sitting as a court to perform
its constitutional duty.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is a very interesting
question, and it ought to be decided with calm-
ness and deliberation. It may involve us arid
the country in trouble hereafter. I do not
think'that it will, but the possibility that it may
is sufficient to make it, in my mind, a very
grave inquiry. I have but a few words t.o say
in support of the opinion which I am about to
express. I concur with tho honorable mem-
ber from Delaware and the honorable member
from Oregon, that we have no power to adopt
the rule which we are asked to adopt. The
rule which we are asked to adopt is one which,
when proposed in tho committee, of which I
had the honor to be a member, I resisted, and
I have seen no reason to change the opinion
which led me to that course.
The authority conferred upon the Senate is
to try all cases of impeachment, and the Con-
stitution provides that when the President is the
party impeached the Chief <1 ustice is to preside :
and the judgment which the Senate, acting as
a court of impcachmcnt, may pronounce cannot
extend beyond a declaration that the party
impeached shall be removed from office and be
thereafter ineligible to any other office of trust
orprofitnnder the United States. The "judg-
ment shall not," in the language of the Consti-
tution ''extend further than" that; and upon
that judgment being rendered in the case of a
President—w'e are to look at that as a case
which is really now before us with reference to
this question—the Vice President, if we have
one, is to become President; and if the Vice
President is himself the President and is him-
self the party impeached, the President pro
temvore of the Senate is to become President.
No process, therefore, is necessary to enforce
that judgment to that extent. Tho moment it
has been pronounced the incumbent who has
been impeached ceases to be President, and the
party next in succession becomes at once the
President. When he is the President he has pre-
cisely the same authority that he who is elected
President and who takes his office at the ter-
mination of the term of his predecessor has;
and what is that? The law arms him with all
the powers necessary to protect him and his
authority. lie can, if necessary, apply to the
courts, if such a thing can be conceived as
possible to occur, and the courts will relieve
liiin. He will have, as I think, the power in
such a case as that, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy of the United States,
to call on the Army and Navy of the United
States, should it be necessary, to aid him in
getting possession of his complete authority.
That being the case, where, in the first place,
is the occasion for arming the court which is
to try him with the authority to enforce its
judgment by means of military power? I
think honorable members are mistaken as to
the extent of the power conferred upon the
Senate when acting in the capacity of a court of
impeachment. Its whole power is to try and to
adjudge, and the moment the trial ends in
judgment its authority as a couit is at an end.
Mr. HOWAUD. Will the Senator pardon
mo for making one suggestion? The language
of the Constitution is, that no punishment upon
an impeachmeut shall extend beyond removal
from otiice and disability from holding office
in the future. Is not removal from office an
act to be done?
Mr. ,J OHNSON. That is done by the judg-
ment. What I said was—and that was the part
of the Constitution to which 1 referred—that
the removal from office is effected by means
of the judgment, lie is just as much out of
office the moment the judgment is pronounced,
in point of law, as he would be if you took him
out of the White House and put him into the
street.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose he should refuse
to go out?
Mr. JOHNSON. His successor has the
power; not the court. But the Constitution
proceeds upon no such idea as that the man
impeached, and who may be convicted, will
hold 011 to his office. If, however, such an
event should occur, then he who is President
is armed with all the authority to turn his pre-
decessor out; that he who will be elected to
take his scat on the 4th of March a twelve-
month will be armed with power, for the pur-
pose of taking his seat if his immediate pre-
decessor shall deny his authority, to take him
out of tl«e office physically.
But, Mr. President, the honorable member
from Oregon is clearly right, as I think, with
due deference to those who entertain a dif-
ferent opinion, when he says that the mode
of executing a judgment is a matter of legis-
lation. The Supreme Court of the United
States, and every court, when it is constituted
a court to try causes, is empowered to pro-
ceed to judgment; but the mode of enforc-
ing the judgment which may be so rendered
is always a matter of legislation. What pro-
cess shall issue; who shall execute it; how, if
resisted, is resistance to be defeated, are sub-
jects of legislation. Now, we have no legis-
lative power. It would be just as idle to as-
sume that the Supieme Court of the United
States, independent of legislation, would have
tho authority to execute its own judgments as
that we, in the absence of legislation, have any
authority to enforce our judgment.
The honorable member from Ohio says that
all that the rule is intended to accomplish is to
give to the Senate when acting in the capacity
of a court the authority to enforce its interloc-
utory orders. The honorable member is mis-
taken, both as to tho meaning of the words
used and as to the obvious purpose with which
they were used. First, as to the meaning of
the words: the rule says that the court may
pass all interlocutory orders, and it gives it
tho authority to enforce all its interlocutory
orders; but, not satisfied with that, it proceeds
to give the court power to enforce all its judg-
ments, using the term '•judgment" as contra-
distmguishedfrom the term "order." If there
could be any doubt upon that subject, that
doubt would at once be seen to be solved by
what foil from the honorable member from
Vermont. He has told us that it is important
to keep these words in; that it is important that
the Senate as a court should have the authority
to enforce its judgment, because in parliament-
ary language, as he said, some public man
elsewhere—I suppose he meant in the other
House—had given notice that in the event of
a conviction the party convicted might resist.
That, of course, means a resistance to the final
judgment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Maryland
will pardon me for interrupting him; but he
does not exactly state what I said correctly. I
said that a person in another place had said
that our proceedings would be resisted, or
words to that effect. I said nothing that applied
particularly to any final judgment, if I correctly
remember what I stated.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
certainly meant that some judgments might be
resisted; and I suppose if any is to be resisted
the most likely to be resisted is the final judg-
ment ; and, if I understood the honorable
member, the power should be -given to the
court looking to that contingency. Now, I say,
without knowing more than any other member
of the Senate knows—for I have had-no com-
munication with the party to whom reference
is necessarily made since the subject of im-
peachment came before either branch of Con-
gress—I say, with as much confidence as I can
speak of any future event of which I have no
positive knowledge, that no ideahas been enter-
tained, or will be entertained, on the part of
the President, upon the contingency of his con-
viction, of resisting the judgment of the court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will do me
the justice to remember that I stated myself
that I did not expect it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the honor-
able member to have stated that; but still the
power is asked because of a possibility that
that may be the result. Then, of course,
the power is asked with a view to give to the
court the authority to call upon the military
to enforce that judgment. If that is given
then the military are to go to the President
and arrest him or do whatever they may find
to be necessary to accomplish the end. Now,
what I mean to say is that such a power as
that in reference to any judgment pronounced
by any judicial tribunal cannot be given, never
has been given cxcept by legislation, and the
Senate acting as a court or tho Senate acting
by itself has no power of legislation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the only power that this provision gives the
Senate is that power which a rule of the Sen-
ate would give. Such a rule, if it becomes
necessary, and if we have the legal right to
adopt it, can be adopted at any time.
I think it quite questionable whether we, as
a Senate, not acting legislatively, have the right,
to say that we will invest the presiding officer
of tho court^with the power to call upon offi-
cers of the Navy and Army. But my objection
to the proposition is a little different from any
that has yet been stated. I think it is very
dangerous for us to assume the exercise of a
power that" does not belong to us or that is of
very doubtful right, because that assumption
would be a temptation, an excuse, an apology
for the assumption of power, possibly in other
departments of the Government, i think it
is of the first importance that the Senate should
keep itself strictly within its constitutional
rights.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I. I would bo as
reluctant as my friend from New Jerse}' to go
a hair's breadth beyond the constitutional
rights of the Senate ; but our difference is that
he seems to suppose that while the Constitu-
tion reposes in this body the sole power to try
impeachments, that is a naked and barren
power, that nothing can be implied as existing
in it or inferred as incidental to it; apparently
that is tne logic of the argument. The Con-
sutut:on says that we are to try and to adjudge,
and there the_ Constitution stops; and iience,
upon the logic of that proposition, inasmuch
as the Constitution does not provide how we
