3576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29}
vided, That tho building shall bo completed without
any farther appropriation by the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
five, to strike out " two" and insert "three
so as to increase the appropriation " for the
survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the
United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, and "excluding pay
and emoluments of officers of the Army and
Navy and petty officers and men of the Navy
employed in the work," from $200,000 to
$300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in. line seventy-
eight, to strike out ''sixty" and insert "one
hundred and thirty;" so as to increase from
$00,000 to ยง130,000 the appropriation "for
continuing the survey of the western coast of
the United States, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
seventy-nine to eighty-four, in the following
words :
For continuing tho survey of the South Florida
reefs, shoals, keys, and coast, includingcompensation
of civilians engaged in tho work, and excluding pay
and emoluments of tho officers of the Army and
Navy, and petty officers and men of the Navy em-
ployed in tile woik, 823,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventeen, to strike out "one hun-
dred and fifty" and insert " two hundred and
eight," so as to increase from $150,000 to
$208,000 tho appropriation '' for the necessary
repairs and incidental expenses, improving,
and refitting light-houses and buildings con-
nected therewith."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line otie hun-
dred and twenty-three, to strike out "forty-
three" before "keepers," in the following
clause :
Forsalaries of forty-three keepers of light vessols,
$22,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing clause in lines one hundred and seventy-
four and one hundred and seventy-five :
For a, first order light-house at Point Ano Nuevo,
California, or vicinity, $90,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing clauso as lines one hundred and seventy-
nine and one hundred and eighty:
X^or two buoy and light-house tenders for sorvico
on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, $80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and eighty-three to strike out "four,"
and insert " one;" so as to reduce from $4,000
to $1,000 the appropriation "for enabling the
light-house board to experiment with new illum-
inating apparatus and fog-signals, in addition
to former appropriations."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to amend the fol-
lowing clause at tho close of the appropriations
for the revenue-cutter service:
Provided, That the six steam revenue-cutters sta-
tioned upon the northern and northwestern lakes and
their tributaries shall be laid up, and that no more
of tho money appropriated by this act shall bo paid
on their account than so much as mas; be necessary
for their safo and proper care and keeping; and that
the Secretary of tho Treasury be authoiised and
directed to lay up and withdraw from commission
every revenue-cutter off tho Atlantic coast, bays,
gulfs, and so forth, not actually required and needed
tor constant service.
So as to make it read:
Provided, That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo
authorized and directed to lay up and withdraw from
commission the six steam revenue-cuttcrs stationod
upon the northern and northwestern lakes and their
tributaries, and every revenue-cutter off the Atlantic
coast, bays, gulfs, not actually required and needed
for constant service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and twenty-five, to strike out "fifty " and
insert "ou>e hundred;" so as to make the appro-
priation "for the construction of a custom-
house at Portland, Maine, $100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and twenty-eight, to strike out "twenty-
five" and insert " fifty;" so as to increasefrom
$2-3,000 to $50,000the appropriation "forthe
construction of a building, to be used as cus-
tom-house and post office at St. Paul, Min-
nesota."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and thirty-five, to increase the appropria-
tion for the construction of appraisers' stores
at Philadelphia from $25,000 to $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundied and forty-six, to insert the following:
For completion of the extension and repairs of
the custom-house at Bangor, Maine, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and fifty, to insert:
For the completion of the custom-house and post
office building at Ogdonsburg, Now York, $30,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out "thirty" and
inserting " forty." It should be $40,000 to
cover the expense. It is authorized by the
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and fifty-six the following :
For heating apparatus for custom-houses and
other public buildings, $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and fifty-eight, to insert:
For vaults and safes for depositaries, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and sixty-nine, to insert:
For completion of the branch mint building at
Carson City, Nevada, fencing tho grounds, and for
machinery, fixtures, and apparatus, and for putting
up the same, ยง150,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of that amendment. Has
there been any money whatever expended for
the erection of buildings there?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; $75,000
last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I thought it had been
decided not to go on with the erection of mints
in that region, but to establish assay offices.
Mr. STEWART. The Secretary has finally
concluded to carry out the law authorizing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. I had the impression
that $75,000 were to he appropriated for the
purpose of building an assay office.
Mr. STEWART. There was no appropria-
tion made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, there was
last year.
Mr. STEWART. But it was not used for
that purpose. I do not think there was any
appropriation last year for an assay office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iliad that impression.
I only wanted to have some explanation of the
amendment, because I know 1 was decidedly
of the opinion that it was very unwise to pro-
vide for any more mints, and that all we needed
there was an assay office.
Mr, STEWART. I do not think an assay
office would be of any use.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all they have
in Oregon or Idaho, where I think they need
a mint more than in Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator mean
to say there is more bullion produced in Idaho
than Nevada?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, in Idaho or
Montana; and certainly in Oregon.
Mr, STEWART. Oregon, Idaho, and Mon-
tana together do not produce as much bullion
as Nevada.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
very much mistaken about that.
Mr STEWART. Nevada produces $20,-
000,000; Idaho, $6,000,000; Montana, $12,-
000,000. I do not exactly recollect how much
Oregon produces j but I think Nevada really
produces more than all of them put together.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the neces-
sity of having so many mints. The Secretary
of the Treasury and the Director of the Mint
have recommended that they have in these
several places merely assay offices. They
answer all the purposes, so far as the people
are concerned; while the establishment of
large mints io these several States increases
the expense very much.
Mr. STEWART. That is not the recom-
mendation of the committee in this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there an estimate
for this ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir. There
was an appropriation last year of $100,000;
I thought it was $75,000; and it has been
expended. I have here an account of it.
Mr. STEWART. I now have the estimate
of J. Ross Browne of the amount of bullion
produced in these States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concede the cor-
rectness of what the Senator says on that
point.
Mr. STEWART. It is $20,000,000 for
Nevada, $12,000,000 for Montana, $6,000,000
for Idaho, $1,000,000 for Washington, $2,-
000,000 for Oregon, $2,500,000 for Colorado,
$500,000 in New Mexico, and $500,000 in
Arizona.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that the actual
yield ?
Mr. STEWART. That is estimated to be
the actual yield.
Mr. CONKLING-. How much for Nevada?
Mr. STEWART. Twenty million dollars ;
and I will state that in regard to Nevada they
can give a more accurate estimate than of the
other States and Territories, from the fact that
they can take the figures of the shipments to
San Francisco by express. There is no guess-
ing about this $20,000,000. California is put
down at $25,000,000; but probably some of
that comes from the States that do business
there. I think Nevada produces as much as
any State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
the facts. If the Government is committed to
the policy of establishing a mint at this place,
of course I have nothing to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think you will
find the Government is thoroughly committed
to it, and they have proceeded on that idea and
expended$100,000. Ihold the estimates in my
hand. I have here the estimate of the super-
vising architect of the Treasury Department,
who estimates the total cost at $163,302 08,
and recommends an appropriation of $75,000.
I have also an estimate of $100,000 from Mr.
Linderman, the Director of the Mint, for the
necessary machinery and apparatus. That is
included in the estimate of the total cost. So
that what was really asked for was $175,000;
but I notice in this estimate in round numbers
of $100,000. It is said that possibly may be a
little high, and so the committee concluded to
put it at $150,000, $25,000 less than was asked
for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it has been decided
to have a mint there, I have nothing to say.
Mr. MOIlllILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
is settled.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and eighteen, to strike out "ten" and
insert " fifteen so as to increase the appro-
priation "for continuing the work on the north
front of the Patent Office building, and for
improving G street from Seventh to Ninth
streets," from ten to fifteen thousand dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 17, line
three hundred and eighty-four, to strike out
"thirty" and insert " fifty ; " so as to make
the clausc read:
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
