2552
THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOSE.
May 21
i
of the Senate at least' have already been ex-
amined by. the managersof the House on some
matters relating'to impeachment.
Mr. POMEROY. Only one.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was examined by
another committee, and not before the man-
agers.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. That was a personal ques-
tion between the Senator from Missouri and
his colleagues from that State.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ i was examined upon
Everything that I could imagine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of what the
committee were authorized to do. Of course
I do not know what happened when my friend
and his colleagues were together.
Mr. BUCItALEW. Now,-it'this resolution
be adopted this morning it will not necessarily
follow that this committee will make any report
before the impeachment is over. It would,
perhaps, be improper that they should throw
in a report on these matters to disturb us be-
fore we take our final vote upon the articles of
impeachment; but I see no objection to form-
ing the committee now and enabling them to
go on, so that they shall be able to report to us
at an early date after the final vote is taken.
Mr. President, if this resolution be adopted,
or whether it is adopted or not, I shall offer a
resolution based upon the statement made this
morning by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the resolution
before the Senate is not the one sent here from
the House -of Representatives. The resolu-
tion which is pending is the one offered by the
Senator from Kentucky. That is the one that
will pass, if any passes just now. The one
under debate seems to be the one sent here
some days ago from the House of Representa-
tives. 1 have been interested in the course of
the debate because I had resolved in my own
mind, if the Senate should adopt the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
that I would then ask the Senate to consider
and adopt, or refuse compliancc with, the re-
quest made by the House of Representatives.
First, I wished to have the Senate pass upon
the resolution offered by the Senator from
Kentucky,'because I thought that resolution
more intimately concerned us all. That con-
tained a direct suggestion that improper in-
fluences or means were being employed to
intimidate the Senate in its action upon a grave
question not yet disposed of by the Senate.
It comes from a 'single Senator, but he is a
Senator, and therefore I thought it concerned
us to know the facts, to know the truth about it.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Furry]
suggests that this is too early to consider it;
it had better be postponed; the trial is yet un-
disposed of; the final judgment is not pro-
nounced ; and, therefore, we had better not
take up this inquiry. Sir, I know of no time
so fit to meet an assault upon my character as
the time when it is made; and if it be believed
by anybody that efforts are being made to in-
timidate the Senate it is a suggestion which
reflects upon my character and upon the char-
acter of my friend from Connecticut, and upon
all of us. I do not understand that the inquiry
asked for hero is directed against any individ-
ual of the Senate; but it is an inquiry to de-
termine whether such means are being em-
ployed or not. So I want to know how the
fact is in reference to that as much as the Sen-
ator from Kentucky or anybody else; and, an-
imated by that desire, I hope the Senate will
agree to this resolution; and then I hope that
the Senate will either consent to answer the
request made by the House of Representatives
the other day or refuse to grant that request.
That request comes to us from a coordinate
branch of the Congress of the United States.
It is couched in respectful terms. It does not
tell us what disposition it proposes to make
of the evidence it seeks. It simply asks to be
furnished with a certified copy of two days'
proceedings of the tribunal sitting for the trial
of the impeachment of the President; and the
Senate must meet, that request, either comply
with it or refuse it.
To stimulate the Senate to a refusal a news-
paper is brought in here and a debate and certain
proceedings had in that House are read, from
which I gather that the House of Representa-
tives have made some suggestions similar to
those made by the Senator from Kentucky, and
they want light equally with the Senator from
Kentucky ; and I know of nothing in the Consti-
tution of the United States which forbids the
House of Representatives from seeking light
in any way that any other body or agent or
officer of the Government may seek it. They
are seeking light, and because they have pro-
fessed in a resolution their want of light, that
profession is construed into an attack upon the
whole Senate. They do not say that they have
information which involves the character of
any Senator. Cut I think it is almost too late
in the experience <5f the Government for the
Senate to hold itself responsible for the char-
acter or the conduct of any individual; and if
the House had therefore directed its purposed
inquiry against any individual of the Senate,
if it had been myself, I should be the last man
to want the Senate to stand forward for my
protection. If I cannot defend my own char-
acter, I lsnovv the Senate cannot do it.
But it is suggested that we ought to monop-
olize this privilege of investigating the char-
acters of our own members. Mr. President,
I do not like monopolies anyway, an.d I am
less ambitious of that particular monopoly than
any I ever heard. It anybody in God's uni-
verse knows anything more of our conduct than
I do myself, I wish them joy of it; and if they
can make any profitable use of it, 1 hope they
will. 1 know of nothing just now touching the
conduct of individuals of the Senate or of the
Senate itself of which I could make any use
that I suppose would be particularly advan-
tageous to the country. I want this resolution
adopted, and I want the Senate then to ac-
quiesce in the request made by the House of
Representatives.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, I do not know
that it is now in order to offer an amendment
to the resolution pending ; but if so, I wish to
offer one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to amend the resolution.
Mr. ROSS. Then I move to amend it by
adding:
And that the board of managers on the part of the
House be requested to furnish to said committee a
transcript of all testimony that lias been or may
be taken by them in the case of the impeachment
of the President.
1 hope the amendment will be adopted, and
that the resolution will pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That request should be
addressed to the House of Representatives, I
take it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Kansas is not ger-
mane to the resolution. Such a request would
have to go to the House of Representatives.
The original proposition is a Senate resolution.
I do not think they can be joined together.
They are independent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the honorable
member from Kansas offers this as an amend-
ment to the resolution proposed by the Senator
from Kentucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it offered
as a substku te ?
Mr. ROSS. It is designed as an amend-
ment to the resolution offered by the Senator
from Kentucky, as an addition to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas may bo substituted for
the original resolution, if that should be the
desire of the Senate; but it is not germane as
an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The PRESIDENT 'pro tempore. The original
resolution willberead, andalso the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The original resolution
reads as follows:
Whereas it is represented that some persons have
been and are engaged in violating the rights and
privileges of t,h.e Senate by the use of threats, intimi-
dation. and other unlawful and improper means to-
ward its members to constrain themin their consider-
ation, action, and judgment in the matter of the
articles of impeachment agninst t.ho President of the
United States now pending before the Senate as a
eonrt of impeachment: Therefore,
lie it resolved. That a committee of three, to be
appointed by the Chair, do proceed to inquire into
the facts of such imputed threats, intimidation, and
other Unlawful means aforesaid, and the names of
the persons,if any, tisinf?, or that have used, them;
and that said committee have power to send for per-,
sons and papers, to take evidence, employ a stenogr
rapher, and report the facts to the Senate.
It is proposed to add to the resolution the
following ;
And that the board of managers on the part of the '
House be requested to furnish to said committee a
transcript of all the testimony that has been or may
be taken by them in the case of the impeachment
of the President.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds let us ascertain whether that amend-
ment is considered in older or not, I do not
know what the ruling of the Chair was.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair the amendment, might.be
in order if modified so as to provide that the
committee be authorized to request the House,
&c.
Mr. ROSS. I will make that modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator so modify his amendment?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then, in
the opinion of the Chair, it will be in order.
The question is on the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I submit the question whether
a committee of the Senate can address a re-
quest to the House of Representatives j whether
it ought not to come from the Senate?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it must.
Mr. JOHNSON. They can request.it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the committee will
have to do will be to communicate that reso-
lution, if passed, to the managers, and they
will understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
amendment read again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And that said committee be authorized to request
the board of "tmmagers on the part of tho llou-e to
furnish said committee a transcript of all the testi-
mony that has been or may he taken by them in
the case of the impeachment of the President.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest that the
words "board of" be omitted, so as to say
"the managers" simply.
Mr. ROSS. I accept that modification.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
as I understand this matter, I am opposed to
the resolution and to any proceedings upon
the subject, or the cognate subject, at the pres-
ent time. In the first, place, it occurs to me
that the grounds for this resolution, as I have
heard them stated, are too slight to challenge
the action of the Senate. As the resolution
now stands it says, "it has been represented"—■
and the Senator from Kentucky rises here and
says ithas been represented—that certain things
have been done or attempteil to be done. Ren-
resented by whom? Who has represented that
certain persons have attempted to do certain
things we are not informed. The honorable
Senator from Kentucky does not inform us v. ho
represents these things, whether they arc par-
ties inside or outside, parties of responsibility
or of no responsibility. Sir, it is new to me that
it can properly be the foundation of proceed-
ings m the Senate of the United States that
somebody, somewhere, may have said certain
things, and it is^consequently the duty of the
Senate of the United States to rush into an
inquiry as to the truth of these representations.
As the resolution stands it. is a simple rt-eital
that it has been represented that certain things
nave been done or attempted. That is all there
ls^of it. ^\lmt sire the grounds of the belief
ot the Senator from Kentucky? If the Sena-
tor from Kentucky will suy that he has exam-
