144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBl.
December 11,
was going to pay his greenbacks, except by his
answer to the question of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] that when one batch was
used up he would grind out another batch. Let
the gentleman's scheme be carried out, and
there would have to be issued and thrown
upon the country five hundred million dollars
more of irredeemable paper money; and what
would be the inevitable, indisputable result?
Our money, now worth seventy cents on the
dollar, would become worth only fifty cents.
Every dollar of every man, woman, and phild
in my colleague's district would be depreci-
ated twenty cents, and they would in that
process be compelled to contribute that twenty
cents on every dollar they possessed to carry
out this fatal and criminal scheme—a scheme
of again flooding the country with wild-cat,
stump-tail, red-dog shinplasters, following the
example of the rebels, and leading to the
result which was obtained by the bogus con-
federacy, when, after issuing their immense
volume of worthless currency, they could find
only one avenue of escape, but one way of
extricating themselves, and that was by declar-
ing by law that all issues of money up to a
certain date should be declared valueless.
The gentleman spoke of a great reaction.
The greatest reaction I know of in our State
was in his own district in 1866 when he was
elected by some six hundred majority over
General Lippincott, while in 1864 he had some
four thousand majority. That, sir, is a "reac-
tion" worth talking about. Perhaps this is the
manner my colleague has selected to revenge
himself for that "reaction," upon friend and
foe alike, by inaugurating legislation so de-
structive to all their interests.
But what would he do with the "widow"
and " decrepit soldier" under his scheme? I
understand the gentleman's sympathy for the
widow and decrepit soldier; I know the value
of his crocodile tears. [Laughter.] Where was
his sympathy during the war ? Was it shown in
his vote against the Army bills and enrollment
bills? Was it in his vote against the bill pun-
ishing guerrillas and bushwhackers for assassi-
nating and murdering his soldier constituents'/
They already receive under his rag-money
policy but seventy cents on the dollar, and he
proposes to reduce that seventy cents to fifty
cents. That is the gentleman's scheme by
which the pensioned widow and wounded sol-
dier are to have their pensions reduced twenty
cents on the dollar below the amount they now
receive?
Why does my colleague want to strike that
blow at the soldiers of the Republic, who up-
held our banner through carnage and blood
upon all our battle-fields, and finally saved the
life of the nation? Is it because he had no
sympathy with the cause for which they fought?
If that is the platform upon which my col-
league means to go before his constituents in
another canvass he will be spewed out by all
parties so utterly that it may become neces-
sary for him to obtain a certificate that he was
a candidate at all. He may satisfy the soldiers
in his district by rednging their pensions from
seventy cents on the ilollar, where his policy
has already carried them, to fifty cents; but for
the brave soldiers of my district it will be my
struggle so to appreciate the currency that they
may receive their one hundred cents on the
dollar in full, instead of fifty cents, which the
gentleman proposes for his soldier constituents.
But there is another effect of the gentle-
man's rag-currency scheme. It is to drive out
from the pockets of the people all the gold
and silver of the country. It seems the gentle-
man does not want gold for his constituents.
Irredeemable paper rags are good enough for
them, in his estimation. His policy seems to
be to float into the hands of the moneyed aristo-
crats of Wall street and of Europe all the gold
in the country, by draining it from the people
and putting it into the over-gorged pockets of
the aristocrats. I know the banks of the
gentleman's district want inflation; they do
not want the time to come when they will have
to pay their bill-holders in money, and the
gentleman's inflation scheme is in their interest,
while it is so flagrantly opposed to the interests
of all other classes. He, therefore, stands
here as the champion and representative of the
national bank interest in that regard. Well,
sir, if he deems it more important to protect
the interests of the banks than of the people
he is at liberty to follow the course of policy
which he has marked out.
I want to get back to a specie basis as soon
as it can possibly be done without prejudice to
the business interests of the country. The
country can have no solid prosperity till we
get to a specie basis. I want my colleague to
bring forward his bill and show how the bonds
can be taxed, and explain why he has not
brought it forward before. As to the banks,
I intend to do that which shall be for the pub-
lic interest; and if that interest requires the
Democratic banks in his district to wind up,
that result must be accomplished. Let the
gentleman now bring forward a bill on that
subject and let us see what he proposes ;
whether he proposes to turn the Government
into a great rag mill here at Washington, build
up a colossal one-man money power, destroy
the local institutions of the country, center
the entire moneyed interest of the country in
Wall street, or return to the old rotten State
bank system of wild-cat and stump-tail under
which the people of Illinois lost no less than
six million dollars.
The gentleman spOke of •frh&.t he called my
policy. Sir, after making a rag-money plat-
form for himself he cannot make any platform
for me. I have my own views, and I am re-
sponsible for them. The honor, the foith, and
good name of the Government must be sus-
tained at all hazards, at whatever cost or con-
sequences. _ A nation that breaks its faith
merits, as it will receive, the reprobation of
the civilized world, and be held up as infamous
through all coming ages. If I could depart
from the example of that honored and noble
State which I in part represent on this floor I
should consider myself her most degenerate
son. I hope no true lllinoisan will forget her
history, nor the lesson she has taught upon this
subject. I look back to the time when I saw
my State oppressed with a debt of untold mil-
lions, for which she had derived no corre-
sponding benefit; a debt incurred by the most
prodigal and reckless legislation to carry out
the wildest schemes ever invented by man.
And in a time of suspension of specie payment s
and of irredeemable paper money I saw our
people groaning tinder a weight of debt and of
taxation, prostrated by hard times, their banks
broken, and financial ruin on every hand. I
saw the credit of the State impaired, her
interest unpaid, her bonds sold at seventeen
cents on the dollar. A few base men then
dared to propose repudiation ; they declared
they would pay the bond-holders only the
amount they had actually paid for the bonds.
But, sir, to the eternal honor of that people
be it said, notwithstanding the magnitude of
the debt, and the manner in which it was con-
tracted, notwithstanding their impoverished
condition, the masses of the people rose up
and said the debt should be paid to the last
farthing, and the honor of the State main-
tained. That action challenged the respect of the
world, and from that period forward we entered
upon a career of prosperity and glory without
a parallel in history. Our bonds are to-day
above par, and the credit of the State is scarcely
surpassed by that of any State in the Union.
My policy would be never to permit a farther
robbery of my constituents by false and irre-
deemable paper money. I am for the largest
possible reduction of taxes consistent with sus-
taining the honor and credit of the country in
carrying on its operations. I stand here now
where 1 always have stood, to resist all profli-
gate and extravagant appropriations, and to
oppose to the extent of my feeble ability all
schemes of public plunder.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to allow me to put a single question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washeurxe] if he is
in favor of paying the five-twenties in gold?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in
favor of precisely what I have stated in my
: speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. With the consent of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, according to order, had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
70) authorizing Rear Admiral H. K. Thatcher
to accept a decoration from the king of the
Hawaiian islands, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
nnder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petition of
William W. Holden and others, citizens of
North Carolina, for relief, &c.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of the
Society of Friends, Martha E. Tyson, Lucretia
Mott, Samuel M. Janney, Joseph Cope, and
others, praying a change in Indian policy.
By Mr. BROOM ALL: The memorial of the
the representatives of the several yearly meet-
ings of the religious Society of Friends, ear-
nestly asking an entire change in the treatment
of the American Indians on the part of the Gov-
ernment, substituting the law of kindness for
that of the sword, excluding from among them
all dealers in intoxicating liquors, affording
them protection against the intrusion of white
settlers, and encouraging benevolent efforts to
improve and enlighten them. The memorial-
ists offer their services gratuitously to further
the object of the memorial.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The memorial of the
Society of Friends in behalf of the Indians.
By Mr. HARDING : The petition of John
H. Findlay, a soldier disabled by wounds in
the war of the Revolution, for a pension.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Jonathan
H. Perry, for pension.
Also, the petition of Hannah Moore, for pen-
sion.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa: The petition
of citizens of Iowa relating to the swamp
lands of Dickinson county of said State.
By Mr. K EL LEY: The memorial of Cap-
tain William B. Whiting, praying that the
grade of Admiral on the retired list be created
and conferred on Rear Admiral Charles S.
Stewart.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Mrs.
Almira Ambler, of Dutchess county, New
York, for relief.
By MA MOORHEAD: The petition of A.
Guckenheimer & Brother, and Joseph S. Finck,
praying for a reduction of the tax on whisky,
&e.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of the mayor,
aldermen, and councilors of Milwaukee, re-
specting improvements of harbor of that city.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of the Society
of Friends, through their representatives, now
assembled in conference in the city of Balti-
more, on behalf of the Indians.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
