APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40th Cong....2d Ses;
render any elaborate discussion of this great
subject on his part unnecessary.
The power to tax is one of the most import-
ant powers exercised by Governments. To tax
wisely, so as to raise large revenues without
oppressing industry, is one of the most difficult
duties ever devolved upon the law-making
power. Taxation can never be otherwise than
burdensome, and it becomes especially so when
subject to frequent changes. It is, therefore,
of great importance that revenue laws should
be stable. By this it is not meant that they
should be unchangeable, but that while, from
time to time, they may be modified to meet the
changing condition of the country, the princi-
ples upon which they are based should be so
wise and just as to give to them permanency of
character. Perhaps as much mischief has
resulted from the frequent changes in the tariff
laws of the United States as from their defects.
From the time when the first tariff was framed
in 1789 up to the last session of Congress the
tariff has been a fruitful subject of discussion,
and at no period has the policy of the Govern-
ment in regard to customs duties been regarded
as definitely settled. There has been a constant
struggle between the advocates and opponents
of protection and free trade, the ascendency
generally being with the protectionists. The
tariffs of 181G, of 1824, of 1828, 1842, and
1801, were all of a highly protective character.
Those of 1833 and 1840 reduced the duties
largely, and looked in the direction of free
trade. So evenly, however, have parties been
divided, that although protective laws have
generally been in foice, at no period from 1789
to the present day have importers and manu-
facturers had any reasonable assurances that
existing tariff laws might not be suddenly and
materially altered. That the effect of these
changes—actual and apprehended—has been
highly injurious to the country cannot be ques-
tioned; that it has not been disastrous indicates
the readiness of the people of the United States
to adapt their business to the policy of the
Government, whatever it may be.
The frequent changes of the tariff laws are
attributable to the fact that in none of them
has a revenue been the principal object. There
has never been in the United States a strictly
revenue tariff, and consequently there has been
no stability in the tariff laws. Up to 18(jl the
revenues from customs, under any scale of
duties adopted, were sufficient to defray the
expenses of the Government, and therefore
the question, now so interesting, was hardly a
prominent one. In the present financial con-
dition of the country large revenues are indis-
pensable, and in adjusting the present tariff
the question of revenue must necessarily be
the question of paramount importance.
When the Government was substantially
free from debt, and the public expenditures
were small, as was the case before the rebellion,
a revenue tariff properly adjusted to the public
necessities would have been a low tariff. But,
now, when a heavy debt and liberal expendi-
tures create a necessity for large revenues, a
considerable portion of which must, for some
years to come, be derived from customs, it is
difficult to perceive how, without excessive
importations, a strictly revenue tariff can fail
to- be a high one. It may thus turn out that
the necessities of the Government may give
incidentally to American manufacturers the
protection they are supposed to require without
special legislation—always odious and gener-
ally unreliable—in their behalf. Inasmuch as
large and permanent revenues cannot be real-
ized unless laws are so framed as not to bear
heavily upon industrial pursuits, a tariff which,
harmonizing with internal taxes, should year
by year yield the largest revenues would un-
doubtedly prove to be the least prejudicial to
national growth and prosperity.
A high tariff, by reducing importations, or
by oppressing important branches of trade and
industry which are subject to internal duties,
might prove to be as unfavorable to revenue as
a low one, and equally unsuited to the public
necessities. The present tariff, although a
high one, has not proved to be protective,
while for the past two years it has been highly
productive of revenue; but its failure to pro-
tect those interests for whoso benefit it was in
a great measure framed, and the large reve-
nues which have been derived from it, do not
prove it to be in any just sense a revenue tariff.
It has failed to give to A merican manufacturers
the protection it was intended to afford, and it
has yielded much larger revenues than were
anticipated, because the high prices prevailing
in the United States have stimulated importa-
tions. It does not follow because it is pro-
ducing large revenues now that it will con-
tinue to do so when business and the currency
shall be restored to a healthy condition. Thf
time will soon come when the United States
will cease to be the most favorable country to
sell in, and when it must pay for what it pur-
chases, not. in its bonds but in its own produc-
tions. In order that the present tariff should
be a revenue tariff, important modifications
will be necessary, which cannot be intelli-
gently made until business ceases to bo subject
to derangement by an irredeemable currency.
The Secretary does not, therefore, recommend
a complete revision of the tariff at the present
session ; but there are some features of it, and
some matters connected with it, which require
early attention.
The experience of the Department discloses
many disadvantages attendant upon the col-
lection of duties on imports when the rates are
high and estimated on an cfl valorem basis.
For the collection of such duties, machinery
more or less complicated is necessary for the
verification abroad of invoices of importations
and for the examination and appraisement of
merchandise on its arrival in this country. In
every instance a comparison is required be-
tween the invoice estimate and the general
value in the principal markets of the country
whence a commodity is exported. The diffi-
culty of ascertaining the foreign market value,
especially in cases where a commodity is man-
ufactured expressly for exportation, affords
tempting opportunities for successful underval-
uation, and the high rates of duty offer induce-
ments for evasion more than commensurate
with the risk of detection.
Since the passage of the tariff act of March
2, 1801, the rates of duty which from 1846 to
that period were exclusively ad valorem have
on many articles been specific. The system
of specific duties appears to have given much
satisfaction to honorable dealers and to offi-
cers of the customs for the ease with which
the character and quantity of merchandise
imported can be determined ; for the uniform-
ity with which duties may be assessed at dif-
ferent ports ; and particularly as it precludes
the possibility of fraudulent undervaluations.
Without recommending an exclusive adop-
tion of specific duties the Secretary would
suggest for the consideration of Congress
whether the system might not with propriety
be extended to all commodities on which the
duty bears a large proportion to the value, or
of which the foreign market price is subject
to great fluctuations, or is from other causes
with difficulty ascertained. The special com-
missioner of the revenue will in his report
present the result of his investigations as to
the extent to which the ad valorem rates of the
present tariff can be advantageously converted
into corresponding specific duties.
Our commercial relations with Spain and her
colonies under the acts of July 13, 1832, and
June 30, 1834, particularly so far as they relate
to trade with Cuba and Porto Rico, have been
many years the source of much perplexity and
have given rise to frequent discussions. The
acts above cited were designed as retaliatory
measures to induce by a sort of coercion a relax-
ation of the extreme protective system adopted
by Spain in relation to her colonial trade. Not
only have they entirely failed to produce the
desired effect, but their operation has proved
on the contrary positively injurious to our inter-
est in every respect. Their effect, in connec-
tion with Spanish exactions, has been to drive
the greaterpart of Cuban and Porto Rican trade
from our markets to others where the same
policy does not prevail.
The countervailing system thus brings no
benefit to our shipping interests and largely
curtails our commerce, which, considering the
proximity of these islands, should include the
greater part of their foreign traffic. It is, there-
fore, worthy of grave consideration whether
sound, enlightened policy does not dictate the
repeal at least of the act of 1834.
Recommendations to this effect have been
at various times made to Congress by my pre-
decessors, particularly Mr. Walker, in 1849, and
in 1852 by Mr. Corwin. The experience of the
past fifteen years has fully justified the views
then expressed.
The shipping interest of the United States
to a great degree prostrated by the war has not
revived during the past year. Our ship-yards
are, with rare exceptions, inactive. Our sur-
plus products are being chiefly transported to
foreign countries in foreign vessels. The Sec-
retary is still forced to admit, in the language
of his last report, "that with unequaled facil-
ities for obtaining the materials, and with
acknowledged skill in ship-building, with thou-
sands of miles of sea-coast, indented with the
finest harbors in the world, with surplus prod-
ucts that require in their transportation a large
and increasing tonnage, we can neither profit-
ably build ships nor successfully compete with
English ships in the transportation of our own
productions."
No change for the better has taken place since
that report was made. Oil the contrary, the
indications are that the great ship-building
interest of the eastern and middle States has
been steadily declining, and that consequently
the U nited States is gradually ceasing to be a
great maritime Power. A return to specie pay-
ments will do much, but will not be sufficient,
to avert this declension and give activity to our
ship-yards. The materials which enter into
the construction of vessels should be relieved
from taxation by means of drawbacks; or if
this may be regarded as impracticable, subsi-
dies might be allowed as an offset to taxation.
If subsidies are objectionable, then it is recom-
mended that all restrictions upon the registra-
tion of foreigp-built vessels be removed, so that
the people of the United States who cannot
profitably build vessels may be permitted to
purchase them in the cheapest market. It is
certainly unwise to retain upon the statute-
books a law restrictive upon commerce when
it no longer accomplishes the object for which
it was enacted. This subject is one of great
interest to the whole country. The attention
of Congress is again earnestly called to it.
_ The special commissioner of the revenue
since the adjournment of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress has been actively engaged in the
wide range of duties assigned to him by law,
and, under the direction of the Secretary, has
devoted a portion of his time to a personal
study and examination of the revenue svstem
and industrial condition of Great Britain and
the leading countries of Europe. The result
ot his investigations will be transmitted to
Congress at an early day. In his report the
commissioner will discuss the subject of Gov-
ernment expenditures as bearing upon the
question of abatement of taxes, the present
industrial condition and recent progress of the
country, the prices of labor and of raw material
at home and abroad, the revision of the inter-
nal revenue system both as respects admin-
istration and specific taxation, and the rela-
