1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
iped this question and lias reason to believe,
and does believe, that certain persons have
been engaged as is supposed in this resolution,
that will present another question altogether.
If my honorable friend will rise in his place
and say that he has given this subject consid-
eration; that he has heard representations of
this character from persons of high respecta-
bility and standing, and believes, or has rea-
son to believe, in their truth, then I think he
will have gone far enough to lay the founda-
tion for an examination. But 1 object alto-
gether to the adoption of a resolution which
has no other foundation than a representation,
which representation lias 110 local habitation ;
or, in other words, cannot be traced to any
responsible source. It seems to me that it does
not become the character or the dignity of the
Senate to start off' on an examination into
charges resting upon that foundation. I speak
of the resolution as it stands, as the Senator
from Kentucky chooses to leave it. For that
reason I am opposed to the adoption of the
resolution at the present time.
It is hardly worth while, perhaps, to notice
what is said to have been accomplished or
attempted to be accomplished by other parties.
But the resolution then proceeds to say that
"some persons"—what persons? Who?
Where? Insideorontside of the Senate Cham-
ber ? In the city or elsewhex-e ? " Some per-
sons have been, and are," at the present time,
" engaged"—in what?—"engaged in violating
the rights and privileges of the Senate by the
use ot threats," &c. Of course, th,at would be
an offense. If that were so, and if the Sena-
tor from Kentucky has reasonable grounds to
believe that it is so of his own knowledge, or
it has come to his knowledge so that as matter
of belief he thinks that state of things exists,
then I agree it is a proper matter for inquiry ;
but as at present advised, it seems to me, it
would be very likely to turn out, after all, that
these representations could be traced to 110
reliable source whatever, and it would end in
a fruitless investigation.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask, if it should
turn out just as he suggests, which I am very
much inclined to think will be the case, which
1 earnestly hope will be the case, and believe
will be the case, what then?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the Sen-
ate would have been engaged in what turned
out to be a fruitless inquiry, and upon repre-
sentations which had 110 foundation, and which,
as I said, ought not to put us upon the inquiry.
Now, Mr. President, what I am saying is
connected with some other things that have
been said here, about which I wish to make a
remark or two. I deprecate altogether the
personal sensitiveness which has been exhib-
ited here this morning by my very esteemed
friend who sits near me, [Mr. Henderson.]
He makes use of language here which I do not
think particularly well guarded in his explana-
tion this morning. He says that there has been
in the country a great deal of unreasoning and
unreasonable criticism of the Senate of the
United States. I do not use his precise phrase-
ology, but that was the idea. That may be so :
it is not unlikely that it is so: but is that a
question of privilege? Are we to rise here in
our places, one after another, until the wbolg
fifty-four Senators have paid their personal
respects to this unreasonable and unreasoning
sentiment supposed to obtain in the country?
The Senator from Missouri seems to think
that he above all others has been the peculiar
object of this assault and attack. I do not so [
understand it. I do not understand that that ]
is the case at all. Does he not know that he !
has been lauded and commended for his course j
throughout the country in certain quarters? |
Does lie not know of that vindication of his
opinions, his sentiments, and his position?!
Does be not know, also, that other Senators I
who took different views of this subject have j
been subjected to as fierce denunciation as he, !
or those with whom he stands? Does he think
it is at all peculiar to him and the dissenting
Senators here to be assailed? And by "dis-
senting" I mean simply those who differ with
the majority. If the majority of this court are
supposed to stand in the same relation that the
majority in any other court do, then we are
supposed to giv<3 the opinion, or should have
been, if it had not failed, while the minority
would have been the dissenting Senators.
_ No, sir; the fiercest and bitterest denuncia-
tions have fallen, not alone, to say the least of it,
upon the minority, but upon the majority, who
have been denounced here from the beginning
to the end of the session in language (to use
the term which has been applied to what has
been said outside) unreasoning and unreason-
able.
Thatis the way we stand, all of us here, stand-
ing on our opinions, on our convictions, on
our consciences, and on the opinions that we
choose to send to the country. We mustabide
by them ; and that is the only remedy we have.
Investigations by committees will not help us;
and in my judgment they are uncalled for so
far as I have seen, so far as I have had any
evidence. We had betterbe self-possessed and
composed and attend to the duties of the ses-
sion and allow these criticisms upon us, unless
it should turn out as the honorable Senator
from Kentucky seems to have intimated, al-
though from his entire reticence on the subject
I very shrewdly suspect he has not a great deal
of evidence on the subject. If he will say that
he has good grounds to believe, and does be-
lieve that there are evil disposed persons who
are using efforts to intimidate Senators, then
certainly I am perfectly free to vote for the res-
olution ; but otherwise, for the reasons I have
stated in a general way, I should be disinclined
to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. I was very much struck by a
suggestion of the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Feiirt,] that the imputations pro and
con in relation to this matter against Senators
were a proper subject for the investigation of
the Senate, and that the fittest time to make
that investigation would be when the trial of
the articles of impeachment was over. I was
struck with the good sense and the propriety
of that suggestion. For myself I never would
have thought of violating that course of pro-
cedure if it had not been for the manner in
which the Senate has been presented by the
extraordinary course of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Now, in response to the honorable Senator
from Maine, I will make simply this suggestion:
I believe that the intimidations referred to in
the preamble have been attempted ; I believe
they are still continued; and I believe they
can be established by an investigation by the
committee proposed to be raised.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I think I
shall follow out practically the suggestion of
the Senator from Kentucky and also of the
Senator from Connecticut, if after this discus-
sion, at this stage, I move an adjournment. I
therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. SUMNEE. If the Senator desires it.
I only desire to say a few
Mr. JOHNSON,
words.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. JOHNSON.
Very well.
Mr. President, the hon-
orable member from Wisconsin, by a remark
which fell from him, although 1 take it for
granted he did not intend it, eould be construed
as intimating that the honorable member from
Missouri was exceedingly unwilling to be ex-
amined by the House of Representatives or any
of its committees. He eould not have heard
what that member said. He stated, as the Sen-
ate will recollect 
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me a
word of explanation?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I can only say that I had not,
while 1 was speaking, the honorable Senator
from Missouri in my mind one singlemomentas
far as I remember. I did not make use of a word
that had any reference to him—that I intended
to have any reference to him. I was speaking
in reference to the two resolutions, the on©
offered by the Senator from Kentucky and the
resolution of the House of Representatives.
Mr. JOHNSON, I said, knowing the hon-
orable member so well, that I was sure he had
no such intention ; but what he did say was
calculated, if not explained, to make the im-
pression upon the country that the member
from Missouri was apprehensive of some un-
favorable result to him, and that he wished to
place between himself and those who were
seeking to examine him the defense of the
Senate. He told us, and of course we know
it to be true, that although the committee
before whom he appeared yesterday had no
authority whatever by the resolution under
which they were organized to make such in-
quiries as they did make of him relative to the
impeachment, he answered them all, at once
and frankly. He unbosomed himself, as far
as he had anything to disclose in relation to
the impeachment and his course in regard to
it. He protested after having done so, not
before, against the power of the committee to
conduct him through such an examination.
It is not, therefore, from any fear on his part
that the public shall know, either by him or
by others, what has been his conduct on thia
impeaehment. We who know him in thia
Chamber know—and I hope he will pardon me
for saying it as he is present—that he is inca-
pable of acting from any -other than a fair,
honest, and patriotic motive. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, what he desires—and that is all that he
has done—is to place himself in the hands of
the Senate as regards his obligation, or the
propriety of his complying with the request
made by the managers of the' impeachment.
The honorable member from Vermont [Mr.
Edmcxds] and the honorable member from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] seem to suppose
that that inquiry is not intended to assail any
member of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which inquiry are you
alluding to ?
Mr. JOHNSON. By the managers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 did not know which
you were alluding to, as you had been speak-
ing of the other committee.
Mr. J OHNSON. If I know, Mr. President,
what arc the legitimate conclusions to be drawn
from facts as to which there is 110 controversy,
that is the sole purpose. Now, what are the
facts? On Saturday, somewhere, I believe, be-
tween the houis of three and four, a vote was
taken in the court of impeachment upon the
last of the series of articles, and it was rejected
by a constitutional majority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A constitutional minority!
Mr. JOHNSON. _ A constitutional vote,
which is a constitutional majority. The mo-
ment it was done a proposition was made by
my friend from Oregon [Mr. Williams] to
postpone the further consideration of the case
as it stood until the 2(ith of the month, and
that motion prevailed. The managers and the
House retired, and as soon as they reassembled
in theirowu Chambertheresolution was offered
which is now the subject of debate. What did
it mean? What was the reason for offering it?
It meant to say that the judgment of the Senate,
fro 111 some cause or other, upon the eleventh
article, bad been brought about by corrupt or
improper influences.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exercised by whom?
Mr. JOHNSON. Exeicised by somebody,
110 matter by whom. The honorable member
seems to suppose that all they meant or all
they may base meant was that it was by the
President of the United States. Why did not
they say so?
-Mr. EDMUNDS. They did in the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. They have not said any
sueii thing, begging my friend's pardon. They
have said nothiog like it.
