1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
The petition of David Howe, second special
officer in the provost marshal's office iu Bos-
ton. Massachusetts, praying for a pension.
Also, the peytion of Mrs. Anna II. Prott,
■widow of the late Major Wheelock Prott, pray-
iug for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Th i'rsdat, December 12, 1s67.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWARDpresentedapetition ofassist-
ant engineers of the United States revenue ser-
vice. pravingthat assistant engineersofthereve-
nue service may receive full and formal commis-
sions to which their positions and the services
required of them entitle them as a mark of
rank and as a distinction from other officers
made simply by appointment or warrant, and
a revision of the laws relative to the distribu-
tion of prize money among revenue officers so
as to include them, according to rank, among
those entitled to receive it: which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition numer-
ously signed by colored citizens of Pennsyl-
vania. in which they ask as American citizens
the adoption of a law investing all men with
the equal exercise of the elective franchise in
all the States. They set forth that this is posi-
tively required by the fourth article of the Con-
stitution, section four, which declares that
"the United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of .gov-
ernment," thus, as they say, enffjhatically en-
joining it on Congress as the representatives
of the American people. I offer this petition,
and move its reference to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Harvey Spalding, sub-contractor under a con-
tract of HenryS. Bulkly, praying that the Sec-
retary of War be directed to give effect to the
judgment of the accounting officers of the
Treasury in the case of Henry S. Bulkly, Treas-
ury settlement No. 3,002, which was admitted
for payment by the Second Comptroller ot the
Treasury on the 2d of April, 18G7, and that he
be directed to issue his requisition therefor upon
the Treasury; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of women of
Mi nnesota, praying immediate legislation to
secure to woman equal suffrage with man in
the District of Columbia and wherever the
jurisdiction of Congress extends; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROSS presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, bona fide settlers on the Cherokee
neutral lands in that State, praying for the en-
actment of such laws in relation to those lands
as will set aside the provisions of the treaty
with the Cherokee Indians and bring the land
into market as Government land, to be taken
by homesteads, preemptions, or entered in the
usual way; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Board of Trade of Louisville, Ken- :
tueky, asking aid from the United States to i
reconstruct the levees on the Mississippi river
in the cotton region ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
reports op committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred '
the bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide for the !
exemption of cotton from internal tax, to j
report it back with a recommendation that it 1
pass; and I desire to say that if it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate I shall call it up to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred various memo-
rials praying for the exemption of cotton from
internal tax, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 10.
| Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
1 Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 150) to provide for the pay-
ment of D. I>. Allen & Co. for services in car-
rying the United States mails, reported it with-
out amendment.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of the heirs of Benja-
min R. Milam be withdrawn from the files of tho
Senate, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
hudson river west shore railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 155) granting a certain right
of way to the Hudson River West Shore Rail-
road Company, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have directed me to report it
back without amendment and ask the concur-
rence of the Senate therein ; and I desire to say
that there are certain reasons why the Senate
should take this bill up now and act upon it
finally. I therefore ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to put it upon its passage at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to give the consent
of the United States to the Hudson River West
Shore Railroad Company to locate, construct,
and operate its railroad on the shore line
across the property belonging to the Govern-
ment at West Point, in the State of New York,
upon such location and under such regulations
as shall be approved by the Secretary of War.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire if
that bill has been reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has
been.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
; the third time, and passed.
departmental contracts for stationery.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am instructed by the joint select Committee
! on Retrenchment to report a joint resolution
1 limiting contracts for stationery and other sup-
plies in the Executive Departments to one
year, and I ask that it be acted upon at this
i time.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(which is S. 11. No. 75) was read twice and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that it shall not be lawful in the
present unsettled state of prices for any of the
j Executive Departments to make contracts for
[ stationery or other supplies for a longer term
than one year from the time the contract is
( made, and whenever propositions for supplies
' have been solicited the parties responding to
■ such solicitation shall be duly notified of the
time and place of opening the bids, and be
permitted to be present either in person or by
attorney, and a record of each bid shall then
and there be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire if
that resolution has been considered by a com-
mittee?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
is reported from the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 189)
to amend the various acts establishing the
Navy Department of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
captured and abandoned property,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
joint resolution which wa  pending yesterday
during the morning hour, and then postponed
at the request of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 19) directing that certain moneys now in
the hands of the United States Treasurer as
special agent of the Treasury Department be
covered by warrant into the United States
Treasury, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Edmunds to substitute for
the joint resolution the following:
That all moneys which have been received by any
officer oremployg of the Government, or any depart-
ment thereof, from sates of captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, under
or under color of the several aets of Congress pro-
viding for tho collection and sale of such property,
nnd which have not been already covered into the
Treasury, shall be immediately paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, together with any interest
which has been received or accrued thereon.
And be it further resolved. That if any officer or
person having the custody, possession, or control of
any money derived or arisiug from the sale or other
disposition of any such property mentioned in tho
preceding resolution, shall convcrt the same to his
own use, or shall refuse or neglect for a space of
thirty days next after the passage of this resolution
to pay the same into the Treasury of the United
States, or shall in anyway pay away or dispose of the
same otherwise than by paying the same into tho
Treasury as aforesaid, shall be deemed and held guilty
of embezzling the public money of the United States,
and shall be punished therefor by imprisonment for
a term of not more than ten years, and shall pay a
tine equal to the sum so embezzled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the consent of my
friend from Maine I wish to state, in addition
to what I said yesterday, that I have acquired
further facts connected with the operations of
the Treasury Department in relation to cap-
tured and abandoned property since yesterday
from responsible sources, and I think it due
to the Secretary of the Treasury, as a matter
of justice to him, that they should be publicly
stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
'Senator from Maine give way?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary of the
Treasury under the acts of Congress upon this
subject was instructed to employ agents in his
discretion to collect together all captured prop-
erty, with certain limitations defining what
captured property was, and all abandoned
property in the insurrectionary districts. Pur-
suant to that authority he sent a great many
agents into the southern States during and.
immediately after the close of the war, who
gathered together everything that they could lay
their hands upon ; and then the question came
up by a great many claimants asking to have
the property restored. They asserted their
loyalty, and that they had not abandoned their
property, that they were driven away by the
rebels, as 1 suggested yesterday; and a variety
of reasons were set forth why this property
should not be held. As was stated yesterday,
the#Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Chase, took
the opinion of the Solicitor of that Depart'
ment as to whether he had any authority to
give up anything that his agents had once laid
their hands upon. TIae Solicitor decided that
he had; that he must decide in the first
instance whether his agents had exceeded their
instructions or not.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tbumbuix]
yesterday stated that, in his opinion, that was
an erroneous construction, and it was in mine;
bui it was acted upon, under the advice of that
officer, by Mr. Chas,e. It was followed by the
successor of Mr. Chase, Mr. Fessenden, It
was then followed by Mr. McCulloch. It ap-
peared yesterday, from the printed report,
made in March, 1867, of the cases of seizure,
and from the letter of Attorney General Speed
attached to that, which was read, that there
was submitted in July, 1865, to Attorney Gen-
eral Speed the question whether the President
had authority to establish a commission to con-
sider those cases, particularly as it related to
what was called the Savannah cotton—a very
large amount seized in Savannah by General
Sherman and captured by his troops. The
Attorney General decided that, it having been
