THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
dentin his answer—"the power, at any and
all times, of removing from office all executive
officers for cause to be judged by the President
alone."
On the contrary, the power contained in this
section is insinuated rather than asserted, im-
plied rather than expressed, allowed rather
than conferred. It is not a power granted him
to be wielded wantonly and according to his
own pleasure, but a power intrusted to him in
confidence that it will be sacredly employed to
promote the public welfare, and not to pro-
mote his personal interests or to gratify his
personal spites.
In the debate to which I have referred Mr.
Goodhue urged that "the community would be
served by the best men when the Senate con-
curred with the President in the appointment;
but if any oversight was committed, it could
best be corrected by the superintending agent.''
Mr. Madison, in reply to the suggestion that
if the President were empowered to remove at
his pleasure he might remove meritorious men,
said:
"In the first place he will be impeachable by this
House before the Senate for such an act of malad-
ministration; fori contend that the wanton removal
of meritorious officers would subjecthim to impeach-
ment and removal from his own high trust."
How delicate the power was felt to be is
apparent from the fact that from the passage
of the act down to the 20th of February last
it is certain the power had never been ex-
erted but once, and it is not certain that it was
ever exerted even once. Often Secretaries
have been nominated to the Senate in place of
others then in office, and upon receiving the
assent of the Senate the new Secretaries have
displaced the former ones. It is claimed that
in 1800 a Secretary of State was removed by
President Adams without the assent of the Sen-
ate. It is certain that he issued an order for
the removal of Mr. Pickering before Mr. Mar-
shall was confirmed ; but as Mr. Marshall was
nominated to the Senate on the same day the
order for Mr. Pickering's removal was dated,
and as the former was confirmed by the Senate
promptly on the following day, it is evident the
President acted in full confidence that the Sen-
ate would assent, and it is not certain that the
order for the removal of Mr. Pickering was
enforced or even served upon him before the
Senate had assented.
Indeed, I am of opinion the people of this
country have not delegated any such irrespon-
sible power to any agent or officer of theirs as
is claimed by the President. Every officer is
held responsible in some form for the manner
in which he employs every power conferred
upon him. Some are responsible to the courts
of law, some to the tribunals of impeachment,
and all, even the members of this high court,
are responsible to the people, by whom and
for whose use all power is delegated.
"In addition to all the precautions which have
been mentioned to prevent abuse of the executive
trust in the mode of the President's appointment, his
term of office, and tlieprecise and definite limitations
imposed upon llie exercise of fcis power, the Consti-
tution has also rendered him directly amenable by
law for maladministration._ The inviolability of any
officer of the Government is incompatible with the
republican theory as well as with the principles of
retributive justice."-—1 Kent'a Com., 289.
But, fairly construed, I think the act above
referred to does imply in the President the
power to remove a Secretary of War in a
proper case. I think, also, he is primarily
the judge of what is o.r is not a proper case.
But he is not the sole or the final judge. This
court may review his judgment. For a wanton,
corrupt, or malicious exercise of the power he
may. and, in my judgment, should be, held
responsible upon impeachment: Or if he
wantonly or corruptly refuse to exercise the
power he may also make himself liable to
impeachment. If a President wickedly re-
move an officer known to be faithful, or wick-
edly refuse to remove one known to be cor-
rupt. undoubtedly he may be impeached.
And this suggests the inquiry as to the
offenses for which an officer may be impeached, j
Only for "treason, bribery, and other high I
crimes and misdemeanors." Such is the lan-
guage of the Constitution. But what are
"high crimes and misdemeanors?"
They are, say the counsel for the respond-
ent, "only high criminal offenses against the
United States, made so by some law of the
United States existing when the acts com-
plained of were done." That rule is clearly
stated and easily understood, and it must be
correct, or the other rule is absolutely correct,
to wit: that those are high erimes and misde-
meanors which the triers deem to be such.
By one or the other of these standards every
officer when impeached must be tried. Either
high crimes and misdemeanors are those acts
declared to be such by the law, or those held
to be such by the court.
Against the first construction we have the
protest of all the authority to be found in
judicial, legislative, or political history.
If opinions or precedents are to have any
weight with us, they are wonderfully accord-
ant. They are against the rule contended for
by the respondent, and they are abundant. A
collection of them prepared for this record
occupies more than twenty-five pages.
I will cite here but one precedent and one
authority:
"Although an impeachment may involve an in-
quiry whether a crime against any positive law has
been committed, yet it is not necessarily a trial for
crime; nor is there any necessity in the case of crimes
committed by public officers for the institution of
any special proceeding for the infliction of the pun-
ishment prescribed by the laws, since they, like all
other persons, are amenable to the ordinary juris-
diction of courts of justice in respect of offenses
against positive law. The purposes of an impeach-
ment lie wholly beyond the penalties of the statute
•or the customary law. The object of the proceeding
is to ascertain whether cause exists for removing a
public officer from office. Such a cause mav be found
in the fact that either in the dischaige of his office
or aside from its functions he has violated a law or
committed what is technically a ciime. But a cause
for removal from office may exist where no offense
against positive law has been committed, as where
the individual has, from immorality or imbecility or
maladministration, beeorno unfit to exercise the
office."—Curtis's History of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, vol. 2, p. 2(30.
Such is the opinion of that learned com-
mentator as to offenses for which an officer
may be impeached. Not alone for what the
law defines to be a crime, but for what the
court think such immorality or imbecility or
maladministration as makes him unlit to exer-
cise the office.
In 1804 a judge of the United States district
court for the district of New Hampshire was
impeached and removed from office. There
were four articles in "the impeachment; three
of them presented the defendant for malad-
ministration in making certain orders in court;
the fourth charged him with the immorality of
drunkenness. Neither charged an indictable
offense.
The respondent's counsel brushes all prece-
dents and all authority aside. Ignoring the
unanimous judgment of two hundred years, he
insists upon a new interpretation of the old
words employed in our Constitution, an inter-
pretation which seems to me invented for and
adapted to this particular case. His words
are:
" In my apprehension the teachings, the require-
ments, the prohibitions of the Constitution of the
United States prove all that is necessary to be at-
tended to for the purpose of this trial. I propose,
therefore, insteadof asearch through the precedents,
which were mado in the time of the Plantagenets,
the Tudors, and the Stuarts, and which have been
repented since, to come nearer home and see what
provisions of the Constitution of the United States
bear on this question, and whether they are not suffi-
cient to settle it. If they are it is quite immaterial
what exists elsewhere."— Curtis's Argument, p. -104.
This appeal from the agreement of centuries
is so boldly made that I cannot forbear to pre-
sent the respondent's theory of the constitu-
tional remedy by impeachment, with a single <
comment upon it. J
The Constitution declares:
"The President, Vice President, and all civil officers i
of the United States shall be removed from office on !
impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, !
or other high crimes and misdemeanors." !
Clearly the President may be impeached for
any cause for which a Secretary may be.
Judgment in case of impeachment may not
extend beyond removal from officie. It camicit
•' extend further than to removal from office and
disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States."
The Constitution declares that the House of
Representatives '' shall have the sole power of
impeachment."
" The Senate shall have tho sole power to try all
impeachments.
"No person shall be convicted without the concur-
rence of two thirds of the members present."
As we have seen, there is not one woifd in
the Constitution which in terms authorizes the
President to remove a Secretary for any cause
whatever.
It was the opinion of many learned jurists
and able statesmen in the commencement of
this Government that no civiLoffieer could be
removed during his term except by impeach-
ment; that impeachment was the only mode
sanctioned by the Constitution for ridding the
civil service of incapacity, of dishonesty, or
of crime.
But, according to this new rendering of the
Constitution, we are asked to say that what-
ever may be the opinion of the merits of a
Secretary entertained by the House of Repre-
sentatives, they cannot hope, and must not ask,
to remove him byimpeachment, until they can
convince, not a majority, but two thirds of the
Senate; not upon probable cause, but upon
legal proofs; not of official incapacity however
gross, or of official delinquency however glar-
ing, but of official misconduct such as the law
has anticipated and lias forbidden under heavy
penalties; yet that the President may remove
at will, upon his own motion, without trial or
notice, the same Secretary, simply because he
is distasteful to him, and thereby renders their
personal relations unhappy, although he may
be the ablest and the purest statesman who
ever held a portfolio. Thus the power of im-
peachment, expressly conferred upon the two
Houses by the Constitution, is loaded with
conditions which render it useless to the Re-
public, except against the most daring crimi-
nals ; and we are asked to accept in its place
an irresponsible power of removal, resting
upon no express grant, but only upon an un-
reasonable and violent implication, to be ex-
erted by a single man, which, in its practical
operation, confounds all distinctions between
official merit and official demerit, and which,
in my judgment, upon the experience of half
a century, has done vastly more to debauch
the public service than to protect it.
If this most anomalous interpretation of the
Constitution is defended upon any theory of
the transcendent importance of the presiden-
tial over the ministerial office, I reply that no
such distinction is warranted by the law or the
fact's.
In law the functions of a Secretary are as
important to the nation as those of the Presi-
dent; and in practical administration the
labors of each one of the seven heads of
Executive Departments are worth sevenfold
more to the public than the labors of the
President.
I cannot, therefore, accept this new interpre-
tation of the laws of impeachment. I hold, with
the elder authorities, with the late authorities,
with all the authorities, that impeachment is
a process provided, not for the punishment of
crime, but for the protection of the State. And so
holding, I must give judgment, notas to whether
the acts proved upon the respondent are de-
clared by the criminal code to be crimes, but
whether I think them so prejudicial to the
State as to warrant his removal. When the
written law refuses to guide me, my own con-
science must. I cannot accept the opinions
of another man. The State must furnish me
with the rule of judgment or my own convic-
tions must supply one. There can be no other
umpire.
What, then, are the acts charged upon the
President? how far are they proved? and to
what extent are they criminal?
I believe I am not mistaken in saying that
