1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8577
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, #50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and eighty-eight, after the clause appro-
priating $25,000 for surveying the public lands
in Oregon to insert the following proviso.:
Provided, That out of this appropriation the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office may pay a sum
not exceeding $1,000 for surveys of last year.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
explained. I suppose there is some explana-
tion of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No explanation
except that they exceeded the money appro-
priated last year.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands recommended and sent to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations an addition to the
sum appropriated for surveys in Oregon and
Nevada ; but I do not know what disposition
the committee made of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the committee took any action upon it. This
is simply to meet an over expenditure of last
year for this purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill down to the following clause:
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $15,000.
Mr. MORTON. Before that clause is passed
I want to call the attention of the committee
to an amendment that I propose to it. It is to
strike out in line four hundred and three '"fif-
teen" and to insert "'twenty-five." Iarusatis-
fied from what I know about the public surveys
going on in Montana Territory that $15,000 is
too small an appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator be kind enough to call attention to that
after the reading of the bill and the amend-
ments of the committee are gone through with?
Mr. MORTON. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be continued.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and seven, to strike out "fifteen" and to
insert "five;" so as to reduce the appropriation
"for surveying the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines," from-
$15,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and twenty-three, to strike out the
following clause:
For improvement and care of reservation No. 2
and La Fayette square, $2,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not
be stricken out. It is a very small sum appro-
priated for a necessary object. The reserva-
tion No. 2 is the Smithsonian grounds. La
Fayette square is the large square in front of
the President's House. 'There is a certain sum
necessary every year in the way of improve-
ment in all these public squares; and for the care
of them and keeping them in order. It is a
very small sum that is appropriated, and it is a
very large reduction from what was asked for,
and I hope it will be appropriated. I consulted
the Superintendent of the Public Grounds, and
he thinks it is absolutely necessary. He must
have something for those purposes. They are
public squares belonging to the Government,
and the Government should take care of them.
The sum appropriated here is very small. Some-
thing is necessary to be done to keep them in
order, to take care of the walks, remove weeds,
&c., and $2,000 for those two large squares
strikes me as little as can possibly be got along
with. I should like to have some reason for
striking out the appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations had no special information
on the subject; but we thought we would take
this course to bring it to the attention of the
proper committee of the Senate. It will be
seen that there are in this bill four distinct
items for taking care of reservations. In the
first place, here is an appropriation " for im-
provement and care of reservation No. 2 and
La Fayette square." Then follows an appro-
priation " for care and improvement of grounds
southofthe President's House." On thenext
page is an appropriation "for care of reser-
vationson New York, Massachusetts,Vermont,
and Maryland avenues;" and then there is
another appropriation " for care of the Circle."
Besides these, we pay for six watchmen to take
care of the Smithsonian grounds, and in addi-
tion we pay $208,000 a year to police the Dis-
trict, besides having special policemen at every
Department and every bureau, at the Capitol,
and elsewhere.
It seemed to the committee that having
appropriated so much in a general way for
policing the city, and then for special police-
men, that is, for watchmen in all the Depart-
ments and bureaus, these reservations could
be placed under the general care, to say the
least of it, of the general police. In addition
to that, I would say that we pay for some twenty-
five laborers who have the care and improve-
ment ofthese public gounds. It seemed to the
Committee on Appropriations, considering this
general and particular and special force, in all
directions, that there might be no necessity,
perhaps, wherever you have a reservation, big
or little, of posting a man there to watch it; for
that is what it comes to.
I will say to my colleague also, that if these
reservations are appropriated for, there is one
other that should be added, Franklin square,
a recent square nicely fitted up, and which
was appropriated for last year. If that is
inserted, then it will be seen that for almost
every square, in addition to this general force
to which I have alluded, there are these special
watchmen, whose whole duty, as I understand
it, is simply to care, look on, and see that no
mischief or injury is done. The idea of the
committee was that that duty might well enough
be performed by the general police force of
the city. My colleague will know best about
that.
Mr.; FESSENDEN. My colleague will
perceive, if he reflects for a moment, that
there are two kinds of care. The general po-
lice of the city go through these grounds, I
suppose, as well as other paris of the city.
Then the watchmen are merely to see that
persons do not tresspass, whether by day or
by night, and to take disorderly persons, who
are disposed to injure these grounds, into cus-
tody. The "care" spoken of in this appro-
priation is merely to keep the grounds in
order. There must be somebody to do it; to
take up decayed shrubs and trees, and replace
them with new ones, to attend to the general
ornamentation of the grounds, the keeping of
the walks in order, &c. That must be in charge
of some individual to do it. These $2,000 com-
prise the pay to the individual employed—I
suppose there is one in each—and the addi-
tional sum is to be appropriated for the im-
provement of the grounds themselves. General
Michler, who has the superintendence, tells me
that about six hundred dollars are paid to the
individual, and the rest is spent in ornamenta-
tion, and one thing and another of that kind.
We have these public grounds in the city of
Washington; they belong to us ; we have al-
ways taken care of them, and made the expend-
itures for them, and must continue to do so.
The sum here appropriated is very much less
than what was asked for, and I think is the
smallest possible sum that could be appro-
priated for the service. I think it is necessary.
It will not do to leave these squares with the
trees, shrubs, and so many things to be taken
care of, to take care of themselves. I think
the appropriations in this bill are reduced
already to their minimum. If we strike out
these appropriations altogether the Govern-
ment will lose very much more than these
small sums appropriated for this purpose. We
must do just as a private person would if he
was the owner of one of these reservations, if
it was around about his house. We must have
some individual to keep the walks in order,
and see what is necessary to be done with
reference to the trees, shrubs, &c., that are
there. I hope the clause will not be stricken
out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I ought to divide the Senate on a matter
so small as this. I have brought it to the
attention of the Senate, and I do not think I
ought to detain the Senate about it. But take
the first of these items: "for improvement and
care of reservation No. 2 and La Fayette square,
$2,000." They are entirely fenced in.
Mr.FESSENDEN. La Fayette square is the
large square in front of the President's House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know where
it is; but it is all fenced in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very true; but
it will not take care of itself. Anybody can
go there atany hour he pleases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But there are
no improvements suggested, and none going
on there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the walks take
care of themselves?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does it need
$2,000 to hire some gentleman to sit there and
watch it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it is for two squares.
The Smithsonian grounds are very large.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is " for im-
provement and care of reservation No. 2."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the Smithsonian
grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have six
watchmen for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have got watch-
men ; but nobody to take care of the grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Six watchmen
ought to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the watchmen there
do not work upon the grounds. They do not
do anything in reference to taking care of the
walks or taking care of the shrubs or trees.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest that you
have a distinct appropriation to keep in repair
the public grounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not these.
Mr. HOWE. All the public grounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where?
Mr. HOWE. There is a distinct provision
for that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "For repairs
and improvement of public buildings and
grounds, heretofore under the direction of the
Commissioner on Public Buildings."
Mr.FESSENDEN. "To wit;" and then
the bill goes on to specify. There is no gene-
ral appropriation at all. This would leave
them all to take care of themselves.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the propo-
sition which the Committee on Appropriations
desired the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to consider was whether it was
not practicable to dispense with these items,
which seemed to be put in to accumulate
expenditures.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for a
division on that question. There are several
of these items, and the Committee on Appro-
priations have struck them all out.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 8 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to divide again. There is a quorum present.
The question being again put, there were, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 18, after
