146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
December 12,
clearly captured by the military authorities, it ,
was not within the jurisdiction of the Secretary
of the Treasury to do anything about it other
than to sell it and turn over the proceeds
(which I take to mean the amount of money
realized after deducting the necessary expenses
of the collection and sale) into the Treasury.
It was suggested by my friend from Illinois
that the Secretary of the Treasury had, in de-
fiance of that opinion, gone forward and still
continued after that to act upon the same class
of cases, and to make allowances of money and
to give up property in spite of that opinion.
I suggested yesterday the possibility of its turn-
ing out that the cases which were acted upon
afterward came under the other branch of the
statute, that is, the abandoned-property branch,
and that the question as to that might possibly
stand upon a different footing in the opinion
of the law officers of the Treasury and of the
Government. I find on inquiry this morning
that such is the fact, and that after this opin-
ion of the Attorney General the Secretary of
the Treasury gave up 110 cotton and the pro-
ceeds of no cotton which came within the
scope of the opinion, with the exception of
three or four instances where the military
authorities in the South themselves interfered
with the Treasury agents in clear cases of mis-
take, and advised the Treasury agents, the
generals who made the seizure, to give it up,
they having made a mistake. There are a few
such exceptions to the literal truth of what I
have just stated.
Then I have been furnished — and to pre-
sent it was the purpose for which I arose—with
this letter from the Attorney General, dated
April 24, I860, covering the other branch;
that is, defining the duties of the Secretary in
respect to the abandoned cotton—this miscel-
laneous mass that was picked up wherever they
could lay their hands upon it, not by the mili-
ary, but by the agents of the Treasury:
Attorney Genekal's Office, April 24,1866. '
Sin: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
& bundle of papers containing the claim of Colonel
Julia rf. Williams for three hundred and thirty-lour
bales of cotton, seized by the Treasury agents, with an
indorsement that they are for my consideration.
As uo legal question has been asked, X suppose itis
intended that I should express an opinion as to the
legality and propriety of holding the cotton seized by
the Treasury agents.
The facts, us disclosed in this bundle of papers, are
substantially as tollows:
The three hundred and thirty-four bales of cotton
were the property of Joseph P. Billups. When Bil-
lups was from home, having lelt authority with no
one to sell aud dispose of tuis cotton, his father as-
sumed authority to make a contract with the so-called
confederate government for it. Under the contract
so made by the father the cotton was entered upon
the books of the confederate government as the prop-
erty of that government. JosephP. Billups, as soon
as informed of this pretended contract by his lather,
repudiated and denied it. Mo agent of the confed-
erate government ever had possession of the cotton.
It continued to remain in the possession and under
the control of Joseph P. Billups or his agents.
Alter the fall of the so-called confederate govern-
ment and the surrender of its armies, and after
Joseph P. Billups had been pardoned by the Presi-
dent, the Treasury agents seized the cotton as the
property of the confederate government, because
they found it entered upon the books of that govern-
ment. Prior to this seizure by the Treasury, Billups
had sold the cotton to Colonel John S. Williams.
This cotton was not captured by the military forces
of the United States and turned over by them to the
Treasury agents, nor was it seized by the Treasury
agents as abandoned property; but the Treasury
agents took it, believing it to be the property of the
confederate government.
If it was in truth the property of the confederate
government the Treasury agents were right in seiz-
ing it; and prima facie it was their property. J3ut
if it was not the property of the confederate govern-
ment, if it was not abandoned prop< rty, and if ii had
not been captured by the Army of the United States,
the agents of the Treasury Department would not be
right in holding the cotton.
The agents, though right in making the seizure,
cannot be justified in holding on to the property after
it is made manifest by the proofs, as in this case, that
the cotton did not fall within any of the predica-
ments before mentioned.
As the cotton was not the property of the so-called
confederate government, had in lact never become a
part of the common lund upon which the rebellion
rested, and was neither abandoned nor captured, I
think it should be restored.
With highest respect, <fcc., I have the honor to
remain, JAMES SPEED,
m _ Attorney General.
i.o the President.
This letter, in my opinion, on the subject of
abandoned property fully exonerates the Sec-
retary of the Treasury (who is not a lawyer or
a judge, I suppose) from any personal blame
in acting upon it or in supposing himself to
have jurisdiction to decide whether his agents
had made mistakes. 1 should not myself put
that construction on the law; but I think we
should be doing him a little injustice to blame
him in acting upon an opinion from the regu-
larly appointed law officer of the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I think
that no little misunderstanding has prevailed
among members of Congress with reference to
the course that has been taken in relation to
captured and abandoned property under the
acts that have been referred to; and that mis-
understanding has been aggravated by a great
deal of talk out of doors by individuals, many
of whom are disappointed in their desire to
accomplish certain schemes with reference to
that property, and disappointed 011 account of
the agency of the Treasury Department or
those connected with it. Undoubtedly in the
management of such a very large affair as the
disposal of captured and abandoned property
has been, involving, as you i-ee by the reports,
some thirty-five million dollars which have
been received out of it, there has been a great
deal of abuse and a great deal of accident and
misfortune. This property was scattered all
over the confederate States, taken by different
individuals, and many people were plundering
it; many persons connected with the Army
were seizing it, and using it according to their
discretion ; and, with a view to bring it within
some sort of regulation these laws were passed
putting the whole matter under the control of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and devolving
upon him a very vast labor, to be performed
through agents to be selected as well as he was
able to select them, and to be held to such
accountability as he was able to subject them to.
It may be very well imagined that under such
circumstances it was a work of no little diffi-
culty. I have to say with reference to my short
experience—an experience of eight months in
the management of this property—that it oc-
casioned me a great deal of embarrassment and
trouble. I have been informed by the present
Secretary of the Treasury that the embarrass-
ment and trouble that he has had consequent
upon the close of the rebellion connected with
it, scattered as it was all over the southern
country and much of it in England, have been
very great. One can have no just conception
of the trouble and difficulty and annoyance to
which he has been subjected on account of it.
I have no doubt that in saying this he tells the
truth ; and 1 have 110 doubt either that, as
regards the Secretary and his principal agents,
so far as my own experience and my own
observation have gone, this business has been
conducted with a great deal of anxious care to
make tlie most that was possible out of it.
Now, sir, upon looking at the statute of
1863, it will be seen that it devolves upon the
Secretary of the Treasury the burden of taking
charge of all this property and managing it
through his agents; and one or two questions
arise on the phraseology of the statute as to
what is to be done, which I would leave to the
fairness and the clearness of apprehension of
my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] who certainly will agree with me, I
think, as to the construction to be put upon it.
it says, for instance, that the proceeds of the
sales "shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States." What "proceeds" does that
mean? Does it mean that the gross sura
received on sales shall be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and then that every
little bill for expenses connected with it, the
pay of agent3 and all, shall be left to an appro-
priation to be made by Congress through the
Committee on Claims for their payment? Or
does it mean that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall receive that money and that he shall
pay the expenses consequent upon it. and that
the net proceeds shall be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States ? The view which the
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Chase, had when
he framed the first rules and regulations with
reference to the matter, was that it was the
proceeds after deducting the necessary ex-
penses of collecting the montv. He framed
rules which were printed and which clearly
show what bis intention was, and the ground
upon which he acted with reference to it. The
view that he took of it is clearly set forth in
the last letter which has been read from the
present Secretary of theTreasury. It was this:
that he was to receive captured and abandoned
property.
A question arose in his mind undoubtedly,
because his action shows it, as to what his
powers were. If property was seized by one
of his own agents as having been abandoned,
and it should be clear to him that it never had
been abandoned at all, and that fact should be
made to appear, what was he to do? Was he,
because one of his agents had erroneously and
under perhaps a mistaken view of his power,
seized that property, to hold that it should be
sold at auction for whatever it might bring,
under any circumstances that presented them-
selves, and that the proceeds of that individual
sale should be at ouce paid into the Treasury
of the United States, leaving all the expenses
unsettled, and leaving the person injured to
come to Congress or the Court of Claims for
relief? Mr. Chase held differently. He held
that if it should be made clearly to appear that
one of his agents, instead of seizing abandoned
property, had seized property which had not
been abandoned, it was his duty to deliver it
up in certain cases, and thus save not only the
sufferings of innocent persons but save also the
consequent expense to the United States which
would be involved in getting the money back.
With.regard to captured property he, as the
report which has been referred to states, had
some doubt. He dofcbted whether with regard
to captured property he had the same power
to decide, in consequence of that doubt he
referred the question to the law officer of the
Treasury Department, and that law officer
gave an opinion in which he held that the same
rule did apply to captured property, that the
Secretary had a right to inquire whether the
property had been really captured or not, and
if it had not been captured so to decide. The
last section of the law of 1863, as you will see
I on looking at it, shows that much property
! might be received from persons who were in
' the military service which was not captured
| property. We all know—it was a matter of
great complaint at the time—that those officers
j in various places were in the habit of taking
! property wherever they could find it, if they
believed—and in many cases, perhaps, where
they did not believe—that it belonged to rebels,
and. using it, as they said, for the purposes of
the Government, and in many instances, pro-
I bably, for their own purposes. The sixth
1 section of the act of 18ti3, which implies what
! I have just stated, says:
| "That it shall be the duty of every officer or pri-
1 vate ot the regular or volunteer forces of the United
States or of any officer, sailor, or marine in the naval
I service of the United States, upon the inland waters
i of the United States, who may take or receive any
! such abandoned property."
; Not " captured property," butany officer or
person in the military or naval service '' who
may take or receive any such abandoned prop-
erty"—a great many of them, as I said before,
took possession in many cases of property
which they considered to be abandoned—was
commanded by this act to turn it over to the
agents of the Treasury. I have only read a
1 part of the section, but I have stated the sub-
i stance of it, and I refer to it in order to show
i the fact that the possession of property of this
; kind by military persons did not necessarily
imply that it was captured property within the
meaning of the law, because they were in the
habit of taking possession of property as
abandoned. Those cases were probably very
frequently returned as captures, and on inquiry
: the Secretary might ascertain that instead of
being captured property it was property seized
I by the officer finding it, and that it really ought
1 not to have been seized at all, never having
