2554
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. FOWLER. Nothing like it.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; nothing at all like
it. _ What they do say—if they mean what
their words imply—is that the judgment which
the Senate had then pronounced on the elev-
enth article had been brought about by cor-
rupt influences.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do they not point out by
whom they think that had been brought about,
if that is the meaning of it ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No. By whom? Not by
officers, not by the President, but leaving it in
the general; but no matter by whom, whether
President or officers, what they meant to say
was, and what they have said is, that the judg-
ment was brought about by the corruption of
some Senator. Now, the honorable member
supposes that because the resolution proceeds
to state that an investigation ought to be con-
ducted with a view to the more efficient prose-
cution of the impeachment, all that they meant
was that they wished to see whether they could
obtain at the hands of the House and present
to the Senate an additional article. There is
not a word of the kind in the resolution. It is
true that the House may, at any time before
final judgment, present additional articles of
impeachment; but that, if the resolution is to
be understood in its ordinary sense, is not the
purpose. It is to make effectual the impeach-
ment then pending; in other words, if they
can prove that any of the nineteen who voted
against the eleventh article, one or more, was
corrupted, to insist upon their expulsion from
this Chamber.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would younot vote for it?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly X would; un-
questionably 1 would; but that is not the in-
quiry with theui. That is a business which
concerns our own honor; audi never can agree
that the Senate of the United States, pending a
trial, should permit, if it has the power to pre-
vent, any of its body proceeding before these
managers or the House of Representatives for
the purpose of assailing any members of the
court. It is a matter with which the House
Las nothing to do. They cannot impeach a
Senator. That was decided in the beginning
of the Government in the case of Blount. They
desire, therefore, evidently to impeach the
honor of some of the individual members of
this body, and they seek to accomplish their
object by forcing before them, if they can do it,
the members of the body itself. Why is the
honorable member from Missouri summoned,
or requested in the nature of a subpoena, to
appear before them? He was one of the nine-
teen. He was one who might have been cor-
rupted; he was one who might have been
embraced within the information upon the au-
thority of which the House passed the resolu-
tion; and they seek to bring him before them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
if the honorable Senator will allow me, I should
like to ask him upon what assumption it is. or
what reasoning it is, or what facts stated, he
assumes that the investigation relates to the
nineteen other than the majority ?
Mr. JOHNSON. For this very plain reason :
I do not suppose the managers desired to
prove that the majority had not voted from
honest motives ; it was not their vote that- de-
feated the impeachment ; it was the vote of the
nineteen : and the burden of their complaint
is that the impeachment was defeated.
Mr. MORHILL, of Maine. But the gen-
eral charge is one of corruption. Certainly
that might apply as well to one class of Sen-
ators as another.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all, if the honor-
able member will think for a moment. The
chartre is that the impeachment had been a
failure because of the corruption of the mem-
bers. My friend and those who voted with
him, having voted in favor of the eleventh arti-
cle. certainly never could have been contem-
plated bv That resolution.
Now, "Mr. President, there is another thing.
What do ihev want with the eertilied or authen-
ticated copy of our proceedings for the two
liist days of the court? Evidently to get au-
thentic evidence of the vote, and for nothing
else. They knew what the vote in fact was,
but, they desired to have such testimony before
them as could be the foundation of some pro-
ceedings against any Senator whom they might
be able to involve through the instrumentality
of perjured or other testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to call his attention to what I believe is
contained in the letter read by my friend from
Missouri from the managers themselves to
him, in which (although I have not got it be-
fore me) I understood them to state that they
wanted his evidence with a view to the further
prosecution of the impeachment against the
President?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would not that fairly
imply the exhibition of an additional article
accusing liini of an attempt to bribe?
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all, necessarily;
but that they do not say in the resolution. I
am speaking now of the resolution. What
effect the letter of the honorable member from
Missouri may have had upon the managers it
is not for me to inquire. When the House
passed the resolution, what they designed was
to make effectual the then articles of impeach-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you were attempting
to make that out by extrinsic evidence deiived
from other circumstances.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nowbeforens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you do that you should
refer to the other evidence also, in which they
expressly state that they have no such purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. That is an afterthought.
Mr. JOHNSON. Evidently I do not mean
an afterthought on the part of the member
from Vermont, but an afterthought, on the
part of others. My friend, the member from
Kansas, [Mr. Ross,] offered an amendment
to the resolution proposed by the member
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] I hope it will
be adopted. If it is, and we get the evidence
taken before the managers, we shall then see
what were the questions that they propounded
to his colleague from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I can give that myself.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have no doubt you would
give it. I suspect that there was nothing in
that, evidence touching the President. I sus-
pect there was nothing in that evidence impli-
cating any officer of the Government. I sus-
pect, although I am sure the honorable member
would be the last to involve his colleague, that
they sought, through the instrumentality of bis
evidence, to involve that colleague. And now
what appears in the public press? for wo have
a right to refer to it. What examination have
they been conducting? One of them, it is said,
lias been spending hours and hours in one of
the banks of this city for the purpose of ascer-
taining the accounts of some of the depositors.
What for? It is answered by the character of
the examination which they are said to have
made upon the authority of that first examina-
tion. To prove that money was used. Used
how? Used to what end? Used to corrupt
somebody. Who? Some one or more of the
nineteen. The telegraph offices (judging from
the same public rumor) have been searched
and all the dispatches sent from this city for
three or four days preceding Saturday taken
possession of. if my friend from Venn on t. or
! any member of the Senate sent any dispatches
i during that period, which is highly probable,
! they are now in the possession of the managers.
! What for? To assail us orsomeofus; to make
; good the imputation that the impeachment has
! failed by means of corrupt and improper
influences.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
tells us that he is ready to go before the man-
agers and tell all that he knows. What does
he know? Anything that does not bear upon
some Senator ? They want itforthat purpose.
They suppose he has some information which
will affect some individual members of the
body; and he is willing to go and tell all that
he does know. e have no right to restrain
liim. I invoke him to go, and then we shall
have his testimony; and when itshallbemade
public, it will appear that he is examined with'
regard to certain individual Senators.
Mr. President, I am the oldest, member of
t.he body I believe, if not in point of service,
in point of age. Its honor is as dear to me as
the Government itself. I seek, as I have
always sought., to vindicate it; and never while
I have a voice to protest against it will I con-
sent to place that honor in the keeping of the
other branch, and particularly at this time, in
relation to this impeachment. We areable to
defend ourselves, to purge from our midst any
member who maybe corrupt. We may pardon
prejudice, dark and destructive of the intellect,,
prejudice which can see no innocence and
nothing but guilt, or prejudice that can see no
guilt and nothing but innocence. 'That may
be; but I trust in God, as I believe that there
is not in the body on either side a man who
can be corrupted, and that the intimation that
such is the fact contained in the resolution to
which I have referred, is, whether designed or
not,, a clear and palpable insult to the body.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have just a
word to say, not particularly in reply to the
Senator from Maryland; but I wish to say a
word in the hope of bringing the Senate to
some action.
Mr. POMEROY and others. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWE. That, is what I want to get. a
vote. I think it is very evident, as the Senator
from Maryland says, that somebody has been
whispering to the House of Representatives
that improper means were used by which there
were nineteen who voted against impeachment
the other day ; and it is very evident, that some-
body has been, suggesting to the Senator from
Kentucky that some means have been used,
and are being used, to prevent more than nine-
teen from voting in the same way. My delib-
erate conviction is, Mr. President, that we can-
not hush any of those whisperings by good
speeches. I do not believe we can put an end
to any of these rumors or allegations, silence
them in anyway, by stopping investigation. I
do not believe the honor of the Senate, or the
honor of any man in the Senate, is to be helped
a particle by standing in the way of the freest
and fullest investigation that either House has an
appetite for. Oneof these committees is asked
for in the Senate. I want to see it granted.
It is said another committee is at work in the
House. I do not know about that, except I
know the House lias sent here for some testi-
mony. I wish the Senate would give the Sen-
ator from Kentucky the committee that hea^ks
for; and then I wish the Senate would give the
House the evidence it asks for ; and I reserve
my speech on the question of guilt or inno-
cence, if ever I make one, until that time when
I have the evidence before me.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not see
any reason -to change the views which I took
of this question the other day. This debate
has arisen upon remarks made by the honorable
Senator from Missouri on his request to be
permitted to make a personal explanation, a
privileged question. 1 understood the Senator
to say that he considered the request made of
him m the nature of an insult from the House
of Representatives to the Senate 
Mr. HENDEKSON. No: the resolution
adopted by the House.
Mr. YATES. Then I misunderstood the
Senator. I should not have risen, however,
but for the purpose of replying to a suggestion
ol the honorable Senator from Maryland, who
expressed the hope that the Senate would adopt
some ievolution by which Senators should not
be permitted to go before the managers to be
examined as to what they might know upon
this subject oi attempted bribery or corrup-
tion. 1 take a different view of it eniir'dv. I
think that the Senator from MiSM.-uri ny^r
sensitive in this matter, I think that he. above
all others, should be willing to ime the bewfic
ot any knowledge which he nutv have upon this
subject to the managers. This is a gre.u trial:
the parties are high; the accused stands high j
