30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
who understand the character of the people of
the United States and the greatness of the
national resources ought not to^ need an assur-
ance that they will be so complied with.
Here remarks upon a subject which it ought
not to be necessary to discuss might be closed,
but the great interest and alarm excited by the
doctrines"-recently promulgated seem to justify
a reference to the debates when the act of
February 25, 1862, in some respects the most
important of the loan bills, was under consider-
ation, in order that the action and intention
of Congress in regard to the legal-tender notes
and to the bonds which it authorized the issue
of may be understood.
This act authorized an issue of $150,000,000
of United States notes, which were made re-
ceivable for all Government dues except duties
oil imports, and of all claims against the Uni-
ted States except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which was to be paid in com. It also
authorized the issue of $500,000,000 of bonds,
redeemable at the pleasure of the Government
after live years from date. The purpose for
which these bonds were to be issued was stated
to be "to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to fund the Treasury notes and floating
debt of the United States," and he was author-
ised to dispose of them " at the market value
thereof, for coin of the United States or tor
any Treasury notes issued under any former
act of Congress, or for the United States notes
that might be issued under this act." Regard-
ing only the act itself it is not supposablo that
Congress intended to provide for funding the
floating debt in bonds which might, at the ex-
piration of five years, bo called in and paid in
the very notes which, with the Treasury notes,
were thus to be funded. These bonds, like all
others since and previously issued, were in-
tended to be a part of the funded debt of the
United States, the right to redeem them alter
five years having been reserved by the Gov-
ernment, not that they might be called in and
paid in a depreciated currency, but in order
that bonds bearing a lower rate of interest
might be substituted for them, if it should so
happen that before their maturity money could
be borrowed on more f.m-irable terms.
The act provides that the United States
notes of which it authorized the issue shall be
receivable in payment "of all claims and
demands against the United Slates, of every
kind whatsoever, except interest upon bonds
and notes, which shall he paid in coin." It is
not said that they shall not be receivable^ for
the principal of the bonds, l'or the very obvious
reason that they were expected to be but a tem-
porary circulation. A provision that these
notes—intended only to meet a temporary
emergency—should not be received lor the pay-
ment of the principal of bonds which were not
redeemable for five years, would, if it had been
advocated and insisted upon, have been quite
likely to have prevented their issue. The pub-
lic judgment had not then been perverted by
an irredeemable currency, and a proposition
that indicated a long-continued departuie from
the specie standard would have found few
supporters in Congress or among the people.
But if the intention and understanding of
Congress are not sufficiently indicated by the
language of the act all doubts must be removed
by a reference to the debates while it was under
consideration. From these debates it is clear
that the issue of the legal-tender notes was
expected to bo limited to SI50,000,000. On
this point one of the Representatives from the
State of New York spoke as follows:
"Then I ho whole secret of our financial success lies
-simply m borrowing So00,000,00t), or rather in lunding
the floating indebtedness eonvertibly represented by
the Treasury notes, so that their issue need never
exceed that authorized by this bill, and winch is con-
ceded to bo the extreme limit consistent with safety
tu private interest and public credit. Nobody has
proposed to rely upon this currency beyond that
■mioun t, hut, on the contrary, the idea of any further
similar i^ue had been expre^ly repudiated by every
supporter of this bill."
One of the Representatives from Massachu-
setts put to the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means the following
question:
"Let mo ask tho gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether ho noiv expects, in manasiug these linan-
eial matters, to limit the amount of these notes to
8150,000,000. Is that his expectation ?"
To which question lie received tho following
reply:
44l't is. I cxpcct that is tho maximum amount to
be issued."
Later in the debate the same distinguished
gentleman used the following language:
"When this question vr:is di^cu^ed before, tho
tli^timmished sxcntleman from Kentucky [Mr, Cnt-
tenden] asked me whether it was the iiUontion or
expectation of the House to so on and issuo more
than $150,000,000 of le^al-tcnder notes—a pertinent
question, which I saw tho full l'orco of at tho timo.
1 told him that it was my expectation that no more
would bo issued by the Government; t.hattliey would
be received and funded in the twenty-year bonds."
It is clear from these quotations and the
whole tenor of the debate that it was the in-
tention of Congress that §150,000,000 should
be the limit of the legal-tender circulation ;
and that it was confidently expected that this
circulation would soon be converted into the
live-twenty bonds, known as the bonds of 1802,
and which are now redeemable according to
their tenor. This of itself is a sullicient ex-
planation of tho fact that it was deemed unne-
cessary to provide that these notes should not
be receivable for the principal of the bonds.
As the amount to be issued was limited to
$150,000,000, a provision that they should not,
be receivable for the principal of S-Vi0,000,000
of bonds to be issued under the same act, in
which they are expected to be funded, and
which were not to be subject to the control of
tho Government for five years, would certainly
have been regarded as being as singular as it
would have been unnecessary, liutthis is not
all. The same gentleman, who, as chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, was
the exponent of the views of tho House upon
this question, in speaking of these bonds re-
marked as follows:
"A dollar in a miser's safe, unproductive, is a sore
disturbance. Where could they incest it? In United
Slates loans at six per cent., redeemable in cold in
twenty years—tho bestnml most valuable permanent
investment that could be dcKiied."
Would he have regarded these bonds a most
valuable permanent investment if he had sup-
posed that they might be redeemed in_a depre-
ciated currency at the expiration of five years
from date? Again, he said :
"But widows and orphans are interested and in
tears lest their estates should be badly invested. 1
pity no one who lias money invested in the United
(States bonds payable in gold in twenty years, with
intci ebt semi-annually."
In these debates very little was said upon
the subject of the payment of the principal of
the bonds, apparently for the reason that no
one supposed that they would or could be paid
in anything else than in the heretofore recog-
nized constitutional currency of the country.
The same may be said in regard to the debates
upon the bills authorizing subsequent issues.
The acts of JIarch ", 18G3, and March 1801,
are tho only acts which state expressly that the
bonds to he issued under them shall be pay-
able in coin ; and this provision in these acts, if
not accidental, attracted no attention at the time,
either in Congress or with the public. Under
the former act $75,000,000 of twenty-year six
per cent, bonds (part of those known as bonds
of 1881) were issued, and under the latter act
nearly two hundred millions of five per cent,
bonds, known as ten-forties; and the fact that
these six per cent, bonds have had no higher
reputation than other bonds of the same class,
and that the five per cent, bonds never were a
popular security, and have in the market until
very recently scarcely possessed a value corre-
sponding with the six per cent, five-twenties,
shows conclusively that dealers in Government
securities, and the people generally, have not
regarded this provision as placing them on a
different footing as to the kind of money in
which they are to be paid from the bonds issued
under acts containing no such provisions.
Tlierc was nothing in the condition of the
country when these acts were passed that
required an unusual provision in order that
the loans authorized by them might be suc-
cessfully negotiated; on the contrary, the
national credit was better then than at periods
when other loan bills were passed; nor was
there any intimation by any member of Con-
gress, nor was it ever thought by the ofheers
of the Treasury Department, that the bonds
authorized by them were of a different char-
acter from those issued under other acts. It
is unreasonable to suppose that it was the
intention of Congress that the bonds author-
ized by tho acts of February 25, 18G2, and
June SO, 1804, might be paid in legal-tender
notes while those authorized by the acts of
March 3, 1803, and March 8, 18G4, could be
paid only in coin. The various issues of
bonds, constituting the national funded debt,
stand upon the same footing, and all should
bo paid in coin, if any arc so paid.
National debts are subject to the moral law
of the nations. Whenever there is no expres-
sion to the contrary, coin payments in such
obligations are honorably implied. The policy
of the Government of the United States in
regard to the payment of its debts has been
uniform and consistent.^ Prior to February 25.
1802, there was in the United States no lawful
money but specie, consequently its Treasury
notes, and its bonds previously issued, were
payable in the same currency. Subsequently
all interest-bearing notes were made payable
in lawful money, but no change was made in
the form of the obligation of the bonds. Thus
the seven and three tenth notes issued after
that date, tho live per cent, notes, and the coin-
pound-intp.rest notes, were made pavable in
lawful money, while the bonds not being so
made payabic have ever been recognized by
Congress, by theTreasury Department, and by
the people, as payable only in coin. These dif-
ferent classes of securities were negotiated with
this distinct understanding—an understanding
which is as binding upon the honor of the nation
as if it were explicitly stated in the statute.
It is true that the bonds, and notes convert-
ible into bonds issued after the passage of the
first legal-tender act, were paid for in a depre-
ciated currency, and were therefore, in fact,
sold at a discount; but it is not denied that
they were sold fairly, and that every one had
ample opportunity to subscribe for them.
Agencies were established and subscriptions
solicited in every part of the country; and
liberal subscriptions were regarded as evidence
of loyalty. That they were paid for in a de-
preciated currency was not the fault of the
subscribers. They were sold at the highest
price that could be obtained for them—not
chiefly to the capitalists of the cities, but to
men of moderate means throughout the coun-
try, who subscribed for them, not for specula-
tion, hut to aid the Government in its strug-
gles with a gigantic rebellion; and it is a sig-
nificant fact that, with rare exceptions, the
complaints that they were sold at a discount
come from those who, doubtful of the result
of the conflict, declined to invest in them.
How would the Government of the United
States^ stand before the world—liow would it
stand in the estimation of its own people, if it
should decline to pay, according to agreement,
the money it borrowed when its very existence
was in peril, and without which it could not
have prosecuted the war, on the ground that
the lenders took advantage of its necessities
and purchased its secuiities at less than their
value
But if the honor of the nation were not in-
volved in the question the inquiry arises In
what shall th'e bonds be paid if not iu coin?
