A
*530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I -will make this sug-
gestion : what power has the Senate of the
United States over the marshal of the District?
They have control over their own Sergeant-at-
Arrns; but to give them authority over the
marshal of the District requires as much legis-
lation on the part of Congress as it would to
give them control over the Army and Navy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
one question. Is it not competent for the Sen-
ate to elect or select in any way they choose to
make thatselection an executive officer clothed
with functions by law to execute a power that
is certainly possessed by us? Now, if the Sen-
ate by rule shall adopt the marshal as this
executive officer for all purposes, why may it
not do it?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then comes up the
question: suppose the marshal refuses, where
is your authority, as one branch of the legisla-
tive power of the Government, to say that ho
shall execute your orders? The court will have
the power to appoint an officer perhaps to
execute its orders, to serve its process; but
when you go out of that power which belongs
to a court, perhaps inherently and necessarily,
although the Senate of the United States as a
court possesses very little power and none
except what is delegated—when you go out of
the power which you possess under the Con-
stitution and undertake to control by a sepa-
rate act of your own an olhcer appointed by
law, 1 submit that you have not the authority,
but it would require the action of the two
Houses.
Mr. GRIMES. According to my recollec-
tion, the marshal has conferred upon him
by statutes of the United States the authority
to execute the judicial pioeess of any court
within the District of Columbia. Now, if we
are a court, a high court of impeachment, he
not only has the prerogative, but it his duty, to
execute the process that issues from that court.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If he possess that
power under existing law it is another thing.
Mr. GRIMES. And he lias a power which
the Sergeant-at-Arms has not, a power corre-
sponding to that which is granted under the
statutes of every State to a sheriff, to call to
his aid the posse comitalus, or the military
authority, to enforce the decrees of the court
whenever they are resisted, not conferred
upon him by virtue of the judicial authority,
but because the Legislative Assembly of the
State or Congress has anticipated that such
an event may arise, and provided in what way
the sheriff or the marshal may call out the
posse comitalus.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will amend his motion and say that the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate may do this,
I shall have 110 objection, but the marshal of
the District may have other duties. The mar-
shal cannot have greater power than what we
propose in this rule to give to any officer who
may be employed ; and if the Senator will soy
that the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, an
officer of the Senate, whom we have a right to
direct, may do this service under the direction
of the court, I certainly shall have no objec-
tion. But the marshal of the District, has other
duties, and may have those that are incompat-
ible, inconsistent with the discharge of these
duties at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have 110 tenacity about
this. I should be quite willing to have it done
by the Sergeant-at-Arms. The only consider-
ation which moved me was that on entering
upon this trial, about which the country is
sensitive, and which is a delicate matter at
least, our wisest course would be to take the
rules which had been adopted nearly seventy
years ago, and under which five trials have
been had, and out of the administration of
which no difficulties had arisen. I was not
for anticipating troubles. I was disposed to
take the old rules, change them as far as was
necessary to meet the changed case, and pro-
ceed under them; and if we shall find, as some
anticipate, which I do not, a disposition to
trifle with the Senate, to take up its time by
dilatory motions and prolonged arguments, it
will be in our power at any time to stop that,
and the whole world will then say that the
Senate is justified in stopping such a course
of proceeding ; but I would not put ourselves
into a strait-jacket to begin with.
That was my view of it. Now, while I made
this suggestion to adopt the old rule on this
point, 1 have no objection to putting the mat-
ter in the charge ot the officer of the Senate.
I read the old rule that we had-acted under in
the Senate in all these trials.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Read it again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the_ eighth rule,
adopted as long ago as Chase's trial. "He"—
the President of the Senate in that case—
"Ho shall also bo authorized to divcct tiie employ-
ment oi the marshal of t ho District of Columb in, 01'any
other person or persons, durmi' the tiial, to discharge
such duties as may be prescribed by him." .
Wo should have to change the wording a
little.
Mr. POMEROY. That is entirely stricken
out, and the last, rule is that "all process,"
and we might add " orders," " shall be served
by the Sergeaut-at Arms of the Senate, unless
otherwise ordered by the court."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not be in-
consistent with this. We would not employ
the marshal unless there was an occasion. It
would be a discretionary authority. Adopting
the old rule, I10 would be employed if there
was found to be any occasion ; if not, your
Sergeant-at-Arms would do all the duties. I
am not disposed to take up any time. 1 ex-
pressed my views in committee in regard t,o
this point.
Mr. CONNRSS. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor, before I10 takes his seat, whether his argu-
ments are predicated upon a denial of the power
of the Senate to call upon any part of the organ-
ized force of the nation in case it should be
necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will say to my friend
from California that, in my judgment, sitting
as a court of impeachment, the Senate would
have authority to adopt, the necessary means
to carry into effect its orders. I cannot say
how far it would have to go, but I think it
would have that right.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree with the Senator.
I did not understand him.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the amen dment
offered by the Senator from Illinois may be
1 °The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not now in order.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I understand that
the pending question is the motion to strike
out. the latter clause of the sixth rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But pend-
ing that there is a motion to strike out the
words " and judgments." which, being a mo-
tion to perfect the clause, is first in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that question will
be taken, because I think there is no opposi-
tion to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not need any
vote. It maybe done by common consent. The
clause means the same thing with those words
out. as with them in exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator iiotn
Ohio, to strike out the words " and judgments."
The amendment, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware, to strike out the concluding part of
the sixth 1 nle.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the words proposed to be stricken
out.
The Secretary read as follows:
And the presiding officer may. by.the direction !
of the court, require the aid and assistance of any j
officer or person in the military, naval, or civil ser- I
viee of the United States, to enforce, execute, and j
carry into etiect the lawful oideis, mandates, writs, |
aud precepts of said court. 1
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not think the
amendment adopted has made any material
alteration in this rule. The word "judgments"
even is retained in a prior part of the rule, and
raises the very question which .has been de-
bated on the amendment to the latter part.
Now I have a suggestion to make; I shall not
occupy time; and it is that it is not necessary
at present to adopt on this point any other than
the fifth rule, the one which precedes that now
under consideration. That authorizes the pre-
siding officer of the court '' to make and issue,
by himself or by the Secretary of the Senate,
all orders, mandates, writs, and precepts au-
thorized by these rules or by the court, and to
make and enforce such other regulations and
orders in the premises as the court may au-
thorize or provide." That is comprehensive;
that is a rule of order; that is to enable our
presiding officer to act for us without special
votes while the proceeding is going on. It
covers and comprehends everything that is
necessary as a rule of order in the transaction
of our business. Now, if there be anything
additional necessary, it will be a provision
designating the officer or person by whom writs
or process may be executed. That can be done
when the court is sitting, or it may be done
now by anticipation.
In the first place, it is manifestly proper that
our subpoenas and other writs should be exe-
cuted by our Sergeant-at-Arms and by his as-
sistants, legally chosen. The Sergeant-at-Arms
has unquestioned authority to execute generally
proccas issued by the Senate, and by a rule of
order, no doubt, he could execute any writ or
process we may choose, pending this proceed-
ing, to issue; and authority is understood to
exist in the assistants of the Sergeant-at-Arms
also to perform those duties.
Now as to the marshal of the District of
Columbia, if the impression is correct that by
the general laws of the District of Columbia he
is authorized to execute all writs and processes
on behalf of the United States issued by any
court whatever exercising jurisdiction under
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
it would be perfectly proper to designate him
also as another officer that may be resorted to.
I think, therefore, if we adopt any rule of
order in addition to the fifth rule, which I
have read, it should be confined to the point
of designating officials who may be authorized
to act by the presiding officer of the court of
impeachment, and then the quesrion will be
between the two. I am entirely indifferent
which is selected, but there ought to be some
designation, so that the presiding officer will
know which to employ; and as a question of
oider it will be very convenient if the Senate
shall decide that. For my part, before adopt-
ing the rule to which the Senator from Illinois
referred, I should like to understand whether
by general law the marshal has authority to
execute these writs and process that we may
issue, not only in the District of Columbia,
but outside of the District of Columbia. It so,
there can be no objection certainly to adopting
the former rule 01- something similar to it.
Hence, what I desire is to omit this sixth
rule, which is wholly unnecessary, and to sub-
stitute tor the whole of it a simple provision
designating the officer who may act under the
orders of the presiding officer of the court of
impeachment, who has conferred upon him all
necessary powers under the previous rule.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania and the
Senate to a very distinctive difference between
these two rules, the fifth and the sixth. The
fifth provides for a power to be exercised by
the presiding officer of the court, and that is
all. I lie sixth rule describes the power to bo
exercised by the court itself after it shall be
organised, the Senate now as a Senate, a legis-
lative body, being engaged in prescribing and
providing for the power to be exercised by the
court or^ the Senate when it shall become a
court. Therefore, there is a very great differ-
ence between the two rules; the fifth rule, as
