3578
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 29,
line four hundred and twenty-five, to strikeout
the following clause:
For care and improvement of grounds south of tko
Pie&ident's House, $1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may as well strike
them all out, now, as we have stricken out the
other.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were on a division—ayes 10, noes 8; no
quorum voting.
Air. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall have to
call the yeas and nays unless Senators vote one
way or the other. I ask the Senate to divide
again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question again.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the chairman of
the committee explain what this amendment
is? I do not understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ment is to strike oul an appropriation of $1,000
forthe care and improvement of the grounds
south of the President's House.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is, taking care of
the walks, trees, shrubs, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir. I
stated the case fully a few moments ago. It is
one of a class of items here; and having struck
out the first one, I supposed that that was the
judgment of the Senate, and that they would
proceed to strike out the others. They either
ought to do that, or else reverse their judg-
ment on the other amendment. There is just
as much propriety in one of them as the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like the gen-
tlemen on this side of the Chamber to under-
stand this question. The clause we struck
out was a small appropriation of $2,000 for
taking care of and gradually improving La
Fayette square, a large square in front of the
President's House, where there are many val-
uable shrubs, trees, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Maine
will permit me, I will move to reconsider the
vote by which that clause was stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As soon as I have
explained it a little farther I will do so. It
also provided for reservation No 2, which is
the Smithsonian grounds, which belong to the
Government. The bill appropriat&d simply
for a person or two persons to take care of
them and keep the walks clean, trim the trees,
look after them, and keep them in order, the
sum of $2,000, a very small appropriation,
indeed.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator explain for
what the twenty-one laborers and a foreman
are employed in the public grounds, for which
we appropriated $19,296 m the legislative
appropriation bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are employed as
laborers under General Michler in the public
grounds. There are public grounds about this
building where they are continually employed,
and other public grounds.
Mr. HOWE. Are they kept on one part
of the public grounds? Are they not employed
on both these reservations?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They may be at some
portions of the time, but I am instructed by
the commissioner who has charge of them
that he needs one man something above aa
ordinary common laborer, who has some judg-
ment about grounds, and the improvement and
care of the grounds that are thus laid out, to
keep them in order. He needs a skilled gar-
dener in each of them continually to look after
them. All that is appropriated for that is
$1,000 for each reservation. Then the next
olau-se appropriates $1,000 for the grounds in
i i out, ofthe President's house, on the lower side
immediately surrounding his house. Another
person is needed there. In regard to these
three i have no doubt whatever of their neees-
Sily. On the next page of the bill you will see
there is an appropriation "for care of reserva-
tions on New York, Massachusetts, Vermont,
and Maryland avenues, S3,000." There are
four reservations. They are surrounded by
common wooden fences. The superintendent
says he needs somebody there continually to
look after those, and $3,000 are appropriated
for the four, and those he wishes to improve
as the others have been improved, to set out
trees on them, &c. He says that unless you
have somebody there to watch them the fences
are torn away and burnt; the trees are cut
down; and he wants to improve them. We
all want that doue. They are our public
grounds, and gradually we ought to spend
some small sum for the sake of beautifying
them, and not leave them as dirty, filthy places
for all sorts of stuff to be piled up in, to be
made an eyesore rather than a place of beauty.
He remarked to me that $3,000 was as small a
sum as he thought he could get along with for the
purpose of taking care of these four reserva-
tions and improving them gradually. I think
they ought to be improved. I think he is right
about that. I think any other idea is a nig-
gardly and mean one. That is my notion about
it, although I do not feel particularly inter-
ested in this matter in this city.
Then there is an appropriation for the care
of the Circle, where the statue of Washington
is. He has got there a one-armed or a one-
legged soldier, to whom he gives $600 a year
to look after it, and for the $400 additional
there is some under-draining to be done; so
that he needs $1,000 for the next year for the
Circle. That is the exposition of it, and under-
standing it the Senate, of course, will do what
thev think best.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Maine that if the Superin-
tendent of Public Property, or whatever he is,
is going to improve these four reservations at
$3,000, it is about as little as it could be done
on ; but I should like to know if the chairman
of the Committee on Public Grounds really
means to tell the Senate that he wants $3,000
in order to execute improvements on those
reservations 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. To execute improve-
ments and to pay the men employed.
Mr. HOWE. Three thousand dollars to be
appropriated by the nation to fix up these four
public squares 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is speak-
ing of its being a very small sum. The commis-
sioner's idea is not to do it all at once, but to
do it gradually.
Mr. HOWE. To do it gradually! Doing
it so gradually as that, you would never per-
ceive that you were making any improvement
at all, and so the nation would be a thousand
years older than it is to-day, and you never
would begin your improvements. Three thou-
sand dollars is wanted to pay men to sit there
on the walks, and to keep other folks out, I
suppose, under pretense of preventing tres-
pass, or something of that sort; it is not to
make improvements.
If the superintendent will tell what improve-
ments he wants to make on these reservations,
what fenccs, what walks are to he made, what
trees are to be set out; if he will tell what he
wants to do, and with what sum ho will do it,
I dare say the Committee on Appropriations
will agree to pay the money. But that is not
what this appropriation is asked for. Why,
sir, you have been appropriating $1,000 a year
to take care of that circle ever since you were
a child, I suppose. I have not looked back
to see how long. But you want $1,000 this
year. Why ? Because $600 is to go to a one-
armed soldier and $400 to do a little more
draining. What was done with the $400 ap-
propriated a year ago, and the $400 appropri-
ated the year before that? Was there a little
more draining done then ?
Mr. President, theseappropriations are made
to take care of individuals. I have not much
objection to it. I do not care much what
becomes of the public moneys. I am pretty
well satisfied that what you do not pay out in
these driblets you pile up into millions and
give to some favorite; so that I have no par-
ticular objection to this. But I want you to
dismiss the idea that you are going to get any
public square benefited or beautified by this
appropriation, It is not going to come. You
have provided in another bill for a foreman
and twenty-one laborers to take care of these
grounds, to do the work which the superin-
tendent wants done on them. It is in a proper
place, and all the work that he wants done
should have been appropriated for there, and
all he said he wanted done was appropri-
ated there. These appropriations are really
to employ watchmen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Senator show where it has been done some-
where clsc 
Mr. HOWE. In the legislative appropria-
tion bill which passed here a few days ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Senator point it out.
Mr. HOWE. It is on page 13,commencing
at the three hundred and eighth line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator be
kind enough to find it and point it out, instead
of making a broad assertion?
Mr. HOWE. I am trying to point tie Sen-
ator to it. I say it is on the thirteenth page,
commencing with the three hundred and eighth
line, and it reads as follows:
For compensation of a foreman, and twenty-one
laborers employed in the public grounds, $19,298.
That is in the appropriations under the head
of "public buildings and grounds." That is
all he asked for that purpose then; and I say
this money is asked for merely to employ men
to watch the grounds which these men cultivate
and improve; and it was the opinion of the
Committee on Appropriations, that, inasmuch
as we paid an immense police force here to do
the watching, they could watch the property of
the United States as well as the property of
individuals, and were underas much obligation
to do it as we paid them for their services.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, my
friend from Wisconsin has a wonderful faculty.
He knows more about every subject than the
men do who are specially employed to ascer-
tain aboutit, and to do what is necessary. Now,
he undertakes to tell General Michler that he
has not recommended these things; that he
does not need them ; that he does not want
them ; that he has provided for them some-
where else ; that he does not know anything
about them ; and that if he has an idea of
stating to me, as chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, that he
wants these sums for these specific purposes,
it is all a mistake; he does not want them.
Now, how does the Senator happen to be so
knowing as to what General Michler wants,
and what he does not want, directly in the
face and eyes of what he says ? These appro-
priations are recommended by him. Does he
not understand his business? He devotes him-
self all the time to it. He is the Superintendent
ofthe Public Grounds, and he says he wants so
many men generally under him, ordinary la-
borers, and a superintendent of laborers. You
see them employed about here in taking care
of these grounds, and doing the work about
here ; and he says in addition to that he wants
these particular men and particular sums for
these particular purposes. Now, what right
has the Senator to say he does not want them,
or does not recommend them, to say the least of
it, and that he does not know what he is about?
I do not pretend to know anything more
about this matter than what I am told by the
proper officer, who states not only in wx-iting
to the committee in making his recommenda-
tion in the first place, but states to me in addi-
tion, when I asked him for an explanation,
just exactly what I have stated to the Senate;
and yet the Senator from Wisconsin says it is
a mistake; he does not know anything about
it; he does not recommend it in fact; it is ail
a mistake. Where does the Senator get his
information? That is all Iwantto know about
it. If it is such an error, so be it. If Sena-
tors undertake to say that the Superintendent
of Public Grounds meant to include all these
items in that appropriation in the general
appropriation bill for so many laborers and a
foreman that is one thing. If they think that
is enough without this, that is one thing, and
