1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3579
Senators can act upon it; but to undertake to
tell me that this is all a mistake, and that the
Superintendent of Public Grounds does not
know what he is saying, does not know what he
means, I think is a little beyond the Senator's
jurisdiction. We have a right to conclude
that he does know what he means. I care
nothing about this matter. If the Senate
choose to say that these public grounds that
have been improved and ornamented shall be
left to take care of themselves, so be it. I
never go there myself; so I do not care any-
thing about it particularly ; but I think it would
be a verv extraordinary thing to do.
Mr. llOWli. Mr. President, let the Sen-
ator from Maine manufacture the speech he
wants to reply to, and he will make about as
conclusive a reply as any man I ever heard in
debate. But it you confine him to replying to
a speech he listens to, he either makes a mis-
take in his reply or he makes terrible mistakes
in his statement of the speech to which he is
replying. So the first difference between the
Senator from Maine and myself is upon a ques-
tion of fact as to whether I have said any such
thing as he has been replying to. I have not
undertaken to say that the Superintendent of
Public Buildings and Grounds did not know
what his business was. I have not assumed to
know more than everybody else about this
business. I do not think 1 do really, if you
want to put me on the stand. I will tell you
what advantage I really have over other folks.
I tell nearer what I know than some do, and I
do not undertake to say what I do not. I said
of the Superintendent, notthathe didnotwant
this money—I think it likely he does—I said
of the Superintendent not that he had not recom-
mended these appropriations I said he did
not recommend them in that bill when he was
called upon to recommend for the force he
wanted to cultivate these public grounds. And
1 did say one thing more, which the Senator
did not accuse me of saying, and that was that
if you made these appropriations, you must
dismiss the idea of having your grounds look
any better next year than they do this year at
this time.
Mr. FliSSENDEN. We want to keep them
looking as well. That is the very thing.
Mr. HOWE. They will be keptlooking as
well, I suppose, by these twenty-one laborers;
but "for improvement" is the term implied
here; " gradual improvements/' the Senator
from Maine says, undertaking to interpret the
Superintendent. Now, I say that the improve-
ment which is made by these beggarly appro-
priations will be too gradual. It the Senator
means to be understood that the Superintend-
ent of Public Buildings and Grounds is going
to improve and beautify these squares with
these appropriations, I think he cannot do it;
but the Senator really does not say that that is
what he proposes to do. If I say they are to
pay merely watchmen, or to pay lor men who
are substituted for the police there, then the
argument is: it is not for that, but for improve-
ments. But if I say they cannot improve the
grounds with these small apprapriations, then
the argument is that it is wanted to keep them
up to the point they are now.
Mr. President, I have taken altogether too
much time in discussing this matter. I really
do not care anything about it. It does annoy
me a little, in spite of all the experience I have
had, to see these little sums of money thrown
away. But as I have said before, they will do
about as much good to individuals when they
are paid to one-armed soldiers, or soldiers with
two arms, or men with two arms who neversaw
the Army, as they will if they are left to accu-
mulate in larger bills and then be thrown away
in a bulk ; so I am willing that the Senate, it
they insist upon it, shall vote this appropria-
tion. but I do insist that we shall not get any
better looking grounds.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to reconsider the
vote striking out the appropriation "for im-
provement and care of reservation No. 2 and
La Fayette square, $2,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I desire to
say is, that having called the attention of the
Senate to this general subject, so to speak,
embracing these several items, I have done my
duty in regard to it. I suppose the Senate
will follow its vote on the item, the reconsid-
eration of which is now moved, and if the Sen-
ate please I will regard that as a test question.
If the Senate is disposed to reconsider that
amendment, then I will take it for granted, so
far as I am concerned, as the sense of the Sen-
ate, that all these amendments proposed by
the committee are not desirable.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to,
there being on a division—ayes 20, noes 18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it will be difficult
to get through with this bill to-night. I have
already mentioned  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are very
nearly through now with the amendments of
the committee. Let us have ten minutes more.
Mr. SUMNER. There will probably be
amendments that will lead to discussion. There
is occasion for an executive session. I hope,
therefore, the Senator will not make any oppo-
sition if I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. MORTON. We can get through in
twenty minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will withdraw his motion for ten minutes we
can dispose of all the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am always
accommodating.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with._
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and thirty-two, to strike out the
following clause:
For care of reservations on New York, Massachu-
setts, Vermont, and Maryland avenues, S3,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and lbrty-two, to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
For care of the Circlc, 61,000.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like an explana-
tion of the chairman of the committee as to the
necessity of this appropriation, "for the care
of the Circle, §1,000?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same neces-
sity that obtains in the eases that have just been
decided as to the care of these other reserva-
tions.
Mr. HOWARD. What necessity has there
ever existed for any such appropriation as this?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is the res-
ervation known as the Circle. There is pre-
cisely the same necessity for that, I suppose,
that there is for the appropriations already
made in regard to the others.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. 1 do not think that
theie is the same reason applicable to that,
because it is a very small piece ot land. The
Superintendent stated to me that there was
something necessary for the purpose of under-
draining there, and there has been a man sta-
tioned there, as he said, a one-armed soldier,
and he gave him $000, and lie took care of the
ground. It is a very small matter and I should
not think it would require $1,000 to take care
of it, or even §000. If it was in any town
except Washington I suppose the mode of
taking care of such a small piece of ground as
that would be to employ some person living in
the neighborhood to look after it and pay him
fifty dollars a year or something like that; but
here they employ a person to take charge of it.
I should think myself that this uuderdraining
and the care of it would not need more than
§500. That is my impression. I think the
same reason does not apply to that small Circle
that applies to these other pieces of ground
that I have spoken of.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator
from Maine whether he recommends the reten-
tion of this appropriation ; whether he dissents
from or concurs in the recommendation of
the Committee on Appropriations with regard
to this appropriation of $1,000 for the Circle?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I' think if we were to
appropriate $400 it would be enough; but
then you would have to dispense with the mail
who is employed there entirely, and not have
a man making it his exclusive business. I
think the appropriation might be cut dovvn.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out $1,000
and insert $400.
Mr. SUMNER. Say $500.
Mr. HOWARD. No; $400.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
striking out $1,000 and inserting $400.
Mr. HOWE. I am embarrassed just this
much in voting on that motion : we have been
voting down some amendments recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations because
the specific appropriations which we wished to
strike out were recommended by the Super-
intendent of Public Works. The chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds said he did not know anything about
them; but the Superintendent recommended
them, and he must be understood to know
what he wanted. The Senate took that view
of it, and because the Superintendent asked
for the appropriations they voted down_ the
amendments recommended by the Committee
on Appropriations, and voted the appropria-
tions asked for by the Superintendent. Now,
the Superintendent asks for this appropriation
of $1,000. We have the same authority for
voting this that we had for voting the others.
But the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings "goes back" on the Superintendent
on this question, and he tells us that $400 are
enough in. Washington, and fifty dollars would
be enough anywhere else for this purpose. I
believe the Senator from Maine, really, and I
think I shall vote with him, although in doing
so I must fly in the face and eyes of the prin-
ciple just settled by the vote of the Senate on
a solemn division. Still, I do not think the
Senate will care anything about it; and so I
guess I will vote for the measure.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senate will
not adopt this amendment. The Senator from
Maine says there is a one-legged soldier at this
Circle, and therefore this proposition at least
has one leg to stand upon, and that is one more
leg than any of these other appropriations
have, as I understand it. After investigating
the subject, as we did in committee, we came
to the conclusion, and I have seen nothing to
change that conclusion, that there is an abun-
dance of force provided for in the other bills to
do all this service, and that what the Senate
have now been attaching to the bill are so
many excrescences, so much of surplus appro-
priations, which I believe might as well be flung
into the Potomac or into the sea. Now, it
seems thisman has oneleg, and $000dollarsgo
to him, and the other $400 is dispersed around
! this Circle. I understood the Senator from
! Maine [Mr, Fessenden] to say it was to be
giaded. It is about as large as a leather apron
now, and I should think that more grading
might perhaps be useful; but at any rate I go
for the soldier, and particularly for his one leg,
and I am against this clause being strickon out
after what the Senate have done.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being on a division—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
The amendment of the committee was re-
jected.
The next amendment was, after line four
hundred and fifty-five, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For care, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medical and surgical, patient s,in
some proper medical institution in thecityor ,
ington, under a contract to be formed with such
institution, $12,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make one remark on that amendment. Ine
committee recommend to strike out this clause,
