1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the interests involved are great; the time nl
which the issue is made is important. It is
proper that the trial should be conducted upon
fair principles. There should be no attempt
to smother investigation from any quarter.
The knowledge of the Senator from Mis-
souri may, in the estimation of the managers,
be of exceeding great importance, not that they
would suspect that gentleman of being capable
of yielding to a bribe. His integrity is un-
questioned at home and here. His character
is entirely too high for suspicion. No man can
for a moment suppose that he has ever soiled
his hands with money to influence his vote.
But at the same time the knowledge which he
may have may, in the estimation of the man-
agers, be of the highest importance in the
decision of this case. For instance, he may
have been approached. It is not intimated
that he has yielded to seduction in this respect.
I think that communication to him was most
couiteous; it was circumspectly so on the part
of the managers, respecting his feelings, re-
specting his position. But, sir, it may turn out
that offers were made to him, for it seems that
in these days of political corruption cvctytlio
highest may be approached for politi&jjL^ends
and purposes.
Now, sir, shall we establish a rule that a
Senator who may possess important informa-
tion which is to decide this case is not to impart
that information to the managers or to the
House of Representatives who are prosecuting
the impeachment? As 1 stated the other day,
the House of Representatives are proper par-
ties to this proceeding. They are the prose-
cutors. It is not only their privilege and right,
but it is their duty, if they have information,
as they say they have in their resolution, which
justifies them in believing that money has been
corruptly nsed to bribe Senators to cast their
votes contrary to what they might otherwise
have done, to investigate the facts. Are we to
surround the Senate with a Chinese wall and
say that Senators shall not communicate for
the benefit of the public any knowledge which
they may possess? I think, sir, notwithstand-
ing the high character of the Senator from
Maryland, this Senate could not commit an
act which would so degrade it, which would
commit it to imperishable infamy as to pass a
resolution saying that a Senator who might
possess information important to the decision
of this ease should bo relieved from commu-
nicating that information.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question, with his per-
mission.
Mr. YATES. Certainly.
Mr. FOWLER. It is whether the managers
of the House of Representatives believe that
the Senator from Missouri possesses such
knowledge as he now describes?
Mr. YATES. Of course, I cannot answer.
Mr. FOWLER, And whether that is the
object of the House of Representatives ?
Mr. YATES. I will state, in reply to the
Senator from Tennessee, that I suppose they
think so ; they say they do. They so state in
their communication to the Senator from Mis-
souri. 'They say to him that they believe his
testimony is veiy inipoitant; that he is in pos-
session of information which is important to
the proper decision of this ease.
I might object to the resolution which is
offered by the Senator from Kentucky upon
same ground that the Senators object to the
resolution whieh was passed by the House
of Representatives. It was objected by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I believe, the other
day, and perhaps this morning, that that reso-
lution rellected upon the Senate in the fact i
that it charged that corrupt means had been
used to influence Senators. So I might say in
reply, that the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky is a reflection upon the House of
Representatives. It says that the House of
Representatives, through its managers, by in-
timidation and throats, is attempting to influ-
ence the decision of the Senate in this impeach-
ment trial. Could anything be more insulting
than that ? Could anything cast a more serious
reflection upon a deliberative body than is cast
by this resolution, declaring that the House
of Representatives, through its managers, by
intimidation and threats, is attempting to influ-
ence the decision of the Senate in this ease?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment. He will
see by referring to the resolution that it docs
not mention the House at all. I understand
him to speak oti the face of the resolution. The
House is not named in the resolution of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. YATES. I understand thai; but the
managers are the representatives of the House
in the ease, and are supposed to speak the
will of the House in this matter. Now, all
that I have to say in summing up this whole
matter is that nobody should refuse investi-
gation. These charges have been made ; they
are made all over the country ; the air is fall
of them ; the newspapers are full of them ; and
already opinions have been formed. Reports
prejudicial to the character of certain Sen-
ators have already gone abroad. Now, as
an act of justice to those Senators, that they
may exculpate themselves, that this may stand
fair before their country, their friends, instead
of opposing this investigation, should court it,
demand it, insist upon it, by the appointment
of committees of investigation, and by resort-
ing to every mode and measure which would
induce a proper consideration of the whole
subject. 1 should consider that itwas for nie,
for my vindication, that this investigation should
be prosecuted. Is it not a serious charge?
Does not the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives say that there is reason to believe
that corrupt means have been used? Is not
the distinguished Senator from Missouri in-
formed that his testimony is important in this
regard ? I know not what he may say ; I only
know, as I repeat again, that he is innocent,
so far as the use of money is concerned, at all
events, and innocent of any other improper or
corrupt motive, I believe. But, sir, his testi-
mony may be of the utmost importance ; and
it may be of importance, although he may not
know now what is the point which they wish
to prove by him. it may be one of a series
of facts that they wish to establish by bis tes-
timony, a circumstance which of itself is im-
material, but which, when connected with other
evidence, may be of the utmost importance.
It is not, sir, that the President may be con-
victed, it is not that any Senator may be found
guilty of these charges, that 1 demand investi-
gation ; but it is that they may be exculpated ;
that the highest officer known to our laws, the
Chief Magistrate of the nation, may exculpate
himself, may vindicate himself before the
American people.
Itis for that reason thatl want investigation,
that I demand investigation ; and it is in behalf
of the Senate of the United States to vindicate
its purity, to sustain its dignity, to show that it
is above corruption, and that in a matter in-
volving such gigantic interests, and in ibis tre-
mendous hour of the Republic, we shall show-
that in this sacred Hall corruption has never
entered, and that no Senator has been tainted
by a bribe to give a dishonest vote.
These are the motives which influence me,
and while I do think that the lesolution of the
Senator from Kentucky reflects upon the House
of Representatives, or at ail events upon its
Representatives, the managers, yet I think in-
vestigation so important, so necessary, so de-
manded by the circumstances of the ease and
by the expectations of the country, that it ought
not to be refused, and I trust will not be refused,
by any Senator.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Senator if
he will withdraw that for a moment. 1 think
there ought to be an executive session of two
or three minutes at least for the purpose of
referring some papers. If the Senator from
New York will withdraw his proposition, I
will make that motion.
Mr. CONKLINQ-. I will withdraw my motion
for that purpose. ;• •
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
1 he motion was agreed to ; and after soine
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 28, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the
Journal of Wednesday last was dispensed with.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, the House
adjourned.
MEMORIAL.
The following memorial was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee:
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial of Alex-
ander C. Blount and 9 others, citizens of Flor-
ida and attorneys practicing before the United
States district court, praying for the passage
of a bill now pending before the Committee on
the Judiciary.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 25, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gtiay, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Thursday last was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tern-pore, laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating an estimate of appro-
priations required to carry out the stipulations
of the third article of the treaty of November
lo, 180], with the Pottawatomie Indians, as
modified by the treaty of March 21), Itimi;
which was referred to the Comfnittee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. MORTON. I present a petition signed
by some seventy-nine sceamboat captains aud
pilots 011 the Ohio river and living at Pitts-
burg. in which they represent that the rail-
road bridge over the Ohio river at Steubenviile
is an obstruction to navigation, and protest
against the construction of any more bridges
having a settled span less than five hundred
feet in width.
1 also present a memorial signed by nearly
two hundred of the principal merchants and
manufacturers of Pittsburg to the same effect,
in which they state that the result of the Steu-
benviile bridge has been a great obstruction to
navigation, and that in order to preserve the
navigation of the Ohio river no more bridges
should be allowed to be built with a span of
less than five hundred feet over the current.
I move the reference of these petitions to the
Committee on Post Otliccs and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in favor of aid to
Captain Thomas Trueswortliy in impru\ing
the navigation of the Colorado river; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of an appropria-
tion of S100,000 for the survey of the public
lands in California; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented the memorial of the Le-
gislature of California, in favor of the payment
of damages for property destroyed hy the In-
dians in the counties of Humboldt, Klamati.,
Del Norte, and Trinity, in that State, m t.ie
years 1801, 1862, and 1S03; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian AfTairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, denouncing, the arrest ol
American citizens in Great Britain, audpkd
ing the people of that State to the support of
