1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Rei>s.
Some five hundred and fifteen millions of five-
twenty bonds are now redeemable according to
their tenor. No one, certainly, would propose
that some of them shall be called in and paid
in a currency now worth seventy cents on the
* dollar while the rest shall remain unredeemed
until the currency shall be more depreciated
by additions to its volume or appreciated by
contraction. The holders of these bonds stand
on the same footing; if any are to be paid
before maturity in a depreciated currency the
whole should be so paid, and in a currency of
equal value. But the Government has no
United States notes in the Treasury, and as
the annual receipts are not likely hereafter to
be much in excess of the expenditures, and as
a new loan to raise money for the purpose of
violating an agreement under which a pre-
vious loan was negotiated would be impractica-
ble, there would be no way in which the bonds
now redeemable could be paid as has been pro-
posed except by putting the printing presses
again at work and issuing more promises which
must themselves eventually be paid in coin,
converted into coin bonds, or repudiated. This
process of making money seeins an easy one,
but our own experience and the experience
of every other nation that has tried it prove
it to be neither judicious nor profitable.
As the paper circulation of the country is
already redundant it would be lessened in
value by every addition to it, and by the dis-
trust thus created its depreciation would doubt-
less be in a greater ratio even than the addi-
tions would bear to the volume to which they
would be added. It is not too much to say that
an additional issue of $-500,000,000 of United
States notes would reduce the $700,000,000 of
paper money now iu circulation to one half
their present value 5 so that a legal-tender note
or a national bank note, now worth seventy per
cent, in coin, would not be worth more than
thirty-five per cent., even if the apprehension
of further issues did 1101 place it 011 a par with
confederate notes at the collapse of the rebel-
lion. The bonds would of course decline in
value with the currency in which they would
be payable. Can any one seriously propose
thus to depreciate, if not to render valueless,
the money and securities of the people? Can
any one, knowing the effect which such an
issue would have upon the Government bonds,
upon the currency now afloat, upon business,
upon credit, upon the public morals, seriously
advocate such a measure, not as a matter of
necessity, but to anticipate the payment of
debts due many years hence? The statement
of the proposition exposes its wickedness.
When fairly considered it cannot fail to be
stamped with universal condemnation. It is
a proposition that the people of the United
States, who own {'our fifths of the national
obligations, shall, by their own deliberate act,
rob and rum themselves, and at the same time
cover the nation with inexpressible and inef-
faceable disgrace.
In opposition to all such expedients for pay-
ing, or rather for getting rid of, the public debt,
is the upright, world-honored economical policy
of paying every obligation of the Government
according to the understanding with which it
was created—the policy of appreciating the
paper dollar until it shall represent a dollar in
coin, of giving stability to business and assur- I
anee to enterprise, and wiping from the coun-
try the reproach that rests upon it by reason of
the low price of its securities in the great marts
of the world. That this is the policy which
will be sustained by the people and their rep-
resentatives the Secretary has the fullest con-
fidence. There may hereafter be nations which,
ignoring their honorary obligations, may look
only to their own statutes for the measure of
their liabilities. If there shall be such nations
the Jiopublic of the United States will not be
found among them. It has essentially suffered
by the actual repudiation i<f some of,tlie States
and the virtual repudiation of other* it is still
suffering from the same cause, although more
than a quarter of a ccntury has elapsed since
this stigma was fixed upon American credit.
It is suffering also from the fact that Massachu-
setts and California alone, of all the States,
have continued to pay the interest on their
bonds in coin. But although it has suffered,
and is still suffering, from the bad faith or false
economy of some of its members, its own finan-
cial honor is unsullied. It has committed the
mistake of making its inconvertible promises a
legal tender, but it has never taken advantage
of its own legislation to lessen in the hands of
the holders the value of its securities or violate
its engagements by covert repudiation. In the
darkest hours of the rebellion it faltered not
in the observance of its contracts. Shall it
falter now when its ability to pay to the utter-
most farthing, even without oppressive taxa-
tion, cannot be questioned?
The importance of the restoration of the
southern States to their proper relations with
the Federal Government cannot be overesti-
mated. A curtailment of the currency and a
maintenance of the public faith are not all
that is required to restore the country to per-
fect financial health. We need in addition to
these a united country—united in fact as well
as in name. It may not be proper for the
Secretary in this report to discuss the measures
regarded by him as best calculated to bring about
this most desirable result. This, however, he
feels it to be his duty to say, as he substantially
said in his last year's report, that the question
of reconstruction as a purely financial ques-
tion is in his judgment second in importance
to none that Congress will ever be called upon
to consider. The great staples of the South
have for many years constituted a large por-
tion of our exports. But for the cotton held
m that section at the close of the rebellion
the foreign exchanges would have been so
largely against the United Slates that a com-
mercial revulsion would have been imminent,
if not unavoidable. Even in the deplorable
condition of these States last year more than
two thirds of our exports consisted of their
productions, and it is the crop of the present
year—small though it may be—that is to save
us from ruinous indebtedness to Europe. It
is of the greatest moment, therefore, that the
productive power of the southern States should
be restored as rapidly as possible. Little
progress has been made in this direction during
the past two years, and no real progress will
be made until their political condition is deter-
mined by their restoration to the Union with
all the rights and privileges of other States
under the Constitution. The Secretary does
not allude to this subject for the purpose of
calling the attention of Congress to it. This
is unnecessary. It is absorbing the public
attention, and the further action of Congress
in relation to it will be watched by the people
with intense solicitude. Upon the judicious
settlement of it depends in a great degree
the national prosperity. The views presented
by the Secretary upon this subject in his last
report are equally appropriate at the present
time.
In his report for the year 1805 the Secretary
used the following language in regard to taxa-
tion by the States of Government obligations :
" In view of the fact that the exemption of Gov-
ernment securities fiom State taxation is by many
persons conVidoieJ an unjuj-tdi^iimination in their
favor, e Herts in ay be made to induce Congress to legis-
late upon the subject of their laxation. Of couise
the existing: exemption Irora State and municipal
taxation of bonds and securities now outstanding
will be scrupulously regarded. That exemption is a
part of the contract under which tho securities have
been issued and tho money loaned thereon to the
Government, and it would not onlj' be unconstitu-
tional bat a breach of the public faith of tho nation
to disregard it. It would al«o, in the judgment of
the Secretary, be unwise for Con areas to grant to the
States the power, whit h they wiil not. possess unless
conferred by express congressional enactment, of
imposing tuxes upon securities of the United States
which my be hereafter issued. Such taxation, in
any form, would result in serious, if not fatal, embar-
rassment to the Government and, instead of reliev-
ing, would eventually injure the great mass of tho
people, who nre to boar their full proportion of tho
burden of tho public debt. This is a subject in rela-
tion to which there should be no difference of opin-
ion% Every tax-payer is personally interested in
having the public debt placcd at home, and at a low
rate of interest, which cannot be dono if the public
securities are to be subject to local taxation.
taxes vary largely in different States, and in dif-
ferent counties and cities of the same State, and are
everywhere so high that, unless protected against
them, the bonds into which the present debt must
be lunded cannot be distributed among the people,
except in some favored localities, unless they bear a
rate ot interest so high as to make the debt severely
oppressive, and to render the prospect of its extin-
guishment well-nigh hopeless. Exempted from local
taxation, the debt can, it is expected, be funded at
an early day at five per cent.; if local taxation is
allowed, no considerable portion of the debt which
falls duo within the next lour years can be funded at
home at less than eight per ccnt. The tux-payers of
the United States cannot afford tohavotheir burdens
thus increased. It is also evident that the relief
which local-tax payers would obtain from Govern-
ment taxation, as the result of a low rate of interest
on the national securities, would at least be as great
as the increase of local taxes to which they would
bo subjected on account of the exemption of Gov-
ernment securities; while if those securities should
bear a rate of interest sufficient to secure their sale
when subject to local taxes, low, if any of them, would
long remain where those taxes could reach them.
They would borapidly transferred to other countries,
into the hands of foreign capitalists, and thus at last
the buidcns of paying a high rate of interest would
be Irffc upon the people of this country without com-
pensation or alleviation.v
The views of the Secretary, thus expressed,
have undergone no change, but the exemption
from taxation of any kind of property, by which
special privileges are, or seem to bo, granted
to any class of citizens, is odious to theheavily-
bnrdoned masses in all countries, and is espe-
cially so in a Republic like ours. Local taxes
in all the States are heavy, and no matter what
the law may say upon the subject, no matter
what the contract may have been under which
they were negotiaied, there is a general senti-
ment among tax-payers that the exemption of
Government bonds from local taxation is not
exactly right, and that it ought to be in some
way avoided in future issues. The Secretary
has no hesitation in admitting that he is in sym-
pathy with this sentiment. The difficulty in
the way, however, as has been suggested, arises
j Aorn the fact that if bonds hereafter to be issued
were to be subject to local taxation very few
would be held where taxes are high, and there
would be a constant tendency to a concentra-
tion of them in States and counties and cities
where taxes are low, or in foreign countries,
where they would escape taxation altogether.
It is a matter of great importance that the Gov-
ernment bonds should be a desirable invest-
ment in all parts of the country, and it is
obvious that the States should be in some man-
ner compensated for the right now denied of
taxing them as other kinds of property aro
taxed.
After giving the subject careful considera-
tion the Secretary can suggest no better way
of doing it than by an issue of bonds to be known
as the Consolidated Debt of the United States,
bearing six per cent, interest, and having twenty
years to run, into which all other obligations
of the Government shall as rapidly as possible
be converted: one sixth part of the interest at
each semi-annual payment to be reserved by
the Government and paid over to the States,
according to their population. By this means
all the bonds, wherever held, would be taxed
alike, and a general distribution of them be
secured. State taxes, including the levies for
county and municipal purposes, now, as a gen-
eral thing, exceed one per cent., but when the -
debts incurred for the payment of bounties are
paid (and inmost of the States they are already
in the process of rapid extinction) and economy t
is again practiced in the administration of State
■RfFairs, this indirect assessment will be quite
likely to equal the tax assessed upon other
property. If the debt to be funded shall amount
to $2,000,000,000, the amount to be reserved
and paid to the States annually would be
$20,000,000, which would give to each oi the
