1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
I have observed, covering simply the power
of the presiding officer of the court, and the
sixth rule granting to the court itself the power
and the authority to punish, in a summary
way, contempts and disobedience to its lawful
orders, &c. Now, it is a question to be decided
whether, before the court shall be organized,
the Senate shall prescribe exactly what the
extent and limits of the powers of the court
shall be. The one rule cannot take the place
of the other properly.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. I simply said that the
sixth rule was unnecessary; i did not go into
an argument to show why it was so. There is
no single thing stated in that sixth rule about
which there is any doubt. My objection to it
is that it attempts to legislate, and that it
effects nothing.
In the lirst place it provides that "the court
shall have power "—to do what? " To compel
the attendance of witnesses." Who doubts
that? It is inherent in the court. That is not
a rule of order; it is a declaration of its pow-
ers, which no human being doubts, which has
been exercised always. In the next place, "to
enforce obedience to its orders, mandates,
writs, precepts, and judgments," by attach-
ment, if you choose. That is a power inherent
in all courts and in this court of impeachment.
Nobody doubts it. Here is a great quantity of
words without any office, put in the form of
legislation, conferring powers on this court
which it already possesses, which we cannot
changeif wewould. Then, "and to punish in
a summary way contempts of and disobedieuce
to its authority, orders, mandates, writs, pre-
cepts, or judgments." That is inherent in it,
also, and has been exercised by both Houses
of Congress in their legislative capacity even :
and much clearer is the power in a court of
impeachment. "And to make all lawful or-
ders, rules, and regulations which it may deem
essential or conducive to the ends of justice ; "
that is, to the transaction of business. That
is all there is in the clause. It is, therefore,
wholly unnecessary. The material part, how-
ever, is the concluding portion of the rule,
which is to authorize the presiding officer to se-
lect anybody and everybody he may choose to
exercise the authority which has been con-
ferred on him by the previous rule ; and as to
that I repeat, the best thing we can do is to
designate either the Sergeant-at-Arms or the
marshal of the District of Columbia.
I submit, then, in every point of view in
which this question can be viewed, it would
be expedient to omit this sixth rule and sub-
stitute for it a simple provision such as 1 have
Sl8<t6 d
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Del-
aware, to strike out the concluding clause ef
the sixth rule.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Suppose that motion
should not prevail, would the motion of the
Senator from Illinois be in order, to strike out
and insert?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be.
Mr. HOWARD. I hopegentlemenwill make
up their minds to permit us to take a vote, if
practicable, just now. I hope this clause will
not be stricken out.
The question being put, the ayes were—
eighteen.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered; and being
taken, resulted—jeas 20, nays 15; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. AnUiony, Bayard. Buckalew, Cole,
Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Fre-
linochuysen, llarlan, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery,
Norton, Patterson of Teunes-ee, Koss, Saulsbury,
Spraguc,, Tipton, Tiumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy,
and Williftnis—25.
NAYS—Messrs.Conkiing,Conn ess, Edmunds, How-
ard, Morgan, Morrill of Slaine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pomeroy,Itainsoy, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, and "Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes, Henderson. Howe,
Morton, I'atteison of New Hampshire, Wade, and
Yates—13,
So the motion t® strike out was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to insert
in place of the words which have just been
stricken out these words :
And the Sergeant-at-Arms may, underthc direction
of the presiding OJIieer, employ suuha ssistance as may
be necessary to eul'orec, execute, and carry into effect
the lawful orders, mandates, writs, and precepts of
said court.
The question has been asked in regard to the
authority of the marshal of the District. I have
not had time to examine the law, and I do not
know that there is any statute compelling the
marshal to execute the orders of the Senate,
and it may be necessary to execute orders out-
side of the District in impeachment cases, and
often will, I apprehend; and of course the
marshal has no authority outside of the District.
I have therefore proposed this amendment to
authorize the Sergeant-at-Anns, under the
direction of the presiding officer, to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not say "under the
direction of the court?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
saying "under the direction of the court." I
would just as soon it should be that way; I
thought it simpler to put it in this shape.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable, Senator
from Illinois withdraw his motion for a moment?
I have a motion to make in reference to this
rule, which had better be disposed of before the
honorable Senator's amendment is presented,
ft will probably require some modification
of his amendment, if my motion should be
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not tenacious
about offering mine now.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to strike out the rest
of that rule. I do it upon the ground that most
manifestly the Senate of the United States has
no right to confer any powers upon the court
of impeachment. This rule assumes to say
what the court shall have power to do. If
that power exists at all it inheres in the very
existence of the court; and if it does not exist
at ail. the Senate cannot, by any rule, confer
it upon the court. All that we have to do is,
not to define the powers of the court, but to
regulate the course of proceedings in the court
simply. I move, therefore, to strike out the
remainder of the sixth rule altogether, and
upon that, question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeao and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is the same ques-
tion as to whether we call ourselves a court or a
Senate, that we have once had up and decided,
and I for one shall regard it as another test of
whether in the main the rules recommended
by the committee are satisfactory to the Senate
or not, because the theory that has already
been developed and stated, and once voted
upon, runs through all the rules, not that we
are a different body but that we are exercising
different functions, which it is necessary should
be clearly separated from our ordinary func-
tions. But, as I have said, this matter has
been once discussed, and I merely call atten-
tion to it in order that 1 may be guided in any-
thing further that may take place about if on
the question of whether the Senate is satis'ieu
with what it appears to have alreadj' voted as
to the nature of the distinction that runs llu ough
the whole of the rules reported.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have not yet go'
through six rules, and it is now live o'clock. 1
think the number reported by the committee
is twenty-five. It is obvious, it seems to me,
that we shall be unable to agree upon the en-
tire rules to-day. The question involved in the
amendment proposed by the honorable mem
berfrom Missouri is a very important one. I
think we ought to take time to consider it.
I move, therefore, that the Senate do now
adjourn,
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Mr. CONKL1NG. 1 hope the Senator from
Maryland will withdraw the motion long enough
to let us understand what it is that he refers to
as the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. DRAKE. I have made my motion and
explained it, as I supposed.
Mr. CONRLING. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator. I did not understand that,he made a
motion ; I thought he made a suggestion. -
Mr. DRAKE. I made a motion to strike
out the remainder of the sixth rule for the rea-
son that its language says this: "the court
shall have power to compel the attendance of
witnesses," &c. I say if that power is inher-
ent in the court by its very existence as a court,
we cannot confer it by a rule adopted here in
the Senate, that the office of rules to be adopted
here is merely to regulate the proceedings of
the court, not to define its powers.
Mr. CONKLING. And the Senator's mo-
tion ought to strike out the rest of that rule?
Mr. DRAKE. All of the rule that remains
now, after the previous vote striking out the
latter clause of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing motion is that the Senate adjourn, which is
not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Maryland will withdraw that motion I will offer
my amendment, so that it may be ready. It is
in order to move it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if the honoiable member will renew it
before he sits down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely want to offer
the amendment, and then the Senator can
renew his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well. I do not
object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is in order
to perfect the words proposed to be stricken
out before the question is taken on the motion
to strike out, made by the Senator from Mis-
souri. I therefore send my amendment to the
Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Messrs. HOWARD and CONNESS called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 27;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew,
Davis, Dixon, Fowler, Hendricks, Johnson, Mc-
Creery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, SauJsbury,
and Soragno—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conlding, Con-
ness, Coibett, Kdmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Har-
lan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pomcroy, ltamsey, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Tha>cr, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Cragin, Doolittle,
Drake, Fessenden, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Mor-
ton, P.ttteioou of New Hampshire, Wade, and
Y ates—lo.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is in orderto
perfect the scction before the vote is taken on
striking it out.
Mr. DRAKE. The Chair states that the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois. I do not understand that to be the
question now pending. The yeas and nays
have been ordered upon my motion to strike
out the remainder of the sixth rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri moved to strike out the whole
of the remaining portion of the sixth rule. The
Senator from Illinois has moved to perfect the
rule. It is in order to perfect a proposition
before a motion to strike out is aetcd upon.
Thu motion of the Senator from Illinois takes
piecedencc of the motion of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood that the Sena-
tor from Illinois only presented his motion that
it might be on the desk in view of the probable
adjournment of the Senate at the moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did notso understand the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. I saw what the
purpose of the Senator from Missouri was. and
my intention was to endeavor to amend the
section before it was stricken out. I offer my
amendment now.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Illinois.
