2556
THE ^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25t
measures for their protection; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the establish-
ment of a weekly'mail route from Stockton to
Millerton, and the establishment of post offices
at Tuolumne City, Welch's Store, and Ap-
pling's, in that State; which were referred to
the Sommittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Ho also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of a reduction of
the tax on brandy made from native wine or
grapes, to the end that the production of the
grape may he encouraged; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of granting aid
to the Southern Pacific railroad ; which were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, praying the passage of an
act to authorize that State to invest the pro-
ceeds of the sale of agricultural college lands
in productive real estate; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the
passage of a law by Congress making post-
masters special agents for the sale of revenue
stamps; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented two memorials of honor-
ably discharged officers of the Army, citizens
of Iowa, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill prohibiting the commutation for pay
pf officers' servants; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN". I present the proceedings
of the Cincinnati Board of Underwriters in re-
gard to the Cincinnati and Newport bridge,
and also the opinion of Western river pilots in .
regard to bridging the Ohio river. They rep-
resent that the construction of a bridge of less
than five hundred feet span over the lower part
of the Ohio river would be detrimental to the
interests of commerce. I move that these peti-
tions take the course of the petitions already
presented by the Senator from Indiana on this
subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Thomas C. Moody, of South Carolina; the
petition of James M. Martin, of South Caro-
lina; and the petition of James M. Calhoun,
of Atlanta, Georgia, praying the removal of
the political disabilities imposed on them by
acts of Congress ; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Ellen
Simms, of Baltimore, Maryland, praying to be
allowed the bounty due her nephew, York
Williams, late of company D, thirty-eighth
regiment United States colored troops; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying that Indians who took
part in the late rebellion, whose annuities have
been restored to them, may be compelled to
pay out of future grants of money debts due by
them to loyal citizens of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of F.
A. Merrill and others, of New York, praying
that ail American register be granted to the
Anieiican built bark Carlotta; which was re-
fen ed to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
A. Sidney Robertson, of Louisiana, praying to
be relieved from civil disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
-Mr. SUMNEIi. I present, a memorial from
the America!) Geographical and Statistical So-
ciety, iti which they set forth that having closely
studied the existing authentic sources of inform-
ation, both official and private, concerning the
northwestern territory recently ceded to the
United States by the Russian Government, they
find eminent reason to believe that the terri-
tory possesses resources of much greater value
and importance than has heretofore been gen-
erally supposed, and whose rapid development
by explorations in geodesy and natural his-
tory is highly necessary to the general interests
of our country, of science, and of commerce.
Therefore they ask Congress that the earliest
possible action may be taken by the Govern-
ment of the United States to secure a proper
survey and examination upon the coast and
within, the Territory of Alaska, by officers ot
the United States Coast Survey and other
gentlemen of competent scientific ability and
experience. I hardly know to what committee
I should have this memorial referred ; but on
consideration I conclude that it is best to move
its reference to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
REPOltTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the hill
(S. No. 431) to authorize the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from New Or-
leans, in the State of Louisiana, to Mobile, in
the State of Alabama, and to secure tc> the
Government the use of the same as a military
•and post road, and for other purposes, reported
adversely thereon, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the hill; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
li. No. 274) providingforholdinga circuit court
at the city of Eric, Pennsylvania, have directed
me to report it back adversely, and to ask its
indefinite postponement. That subject has
been disposed of, and the committee would like
to get it off the Calendar by taking the ques-
tion on the report now.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 301)
to provide for holding terms of the United
States district court for the western district of
Missouri at St. Joseph, in said State, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. Nov861) relating
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
reported it with an amendment.
CHANGE OE MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) authoriz-
ing a change of mail service between Fort
Abererombic and Helena, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage; and, as there is nothing
else particularly occupying the attention of
the Senate, I should he very glad if they would
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
now.
i By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
I Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
j sider the joint resolution, it proposes to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to change the
J character of the mail service from Fort Aber-
! crombie, Dakota Territory, to Helena, Mon-
tana Territory, to post-coach service.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to ho en-
< grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill No.
484) to aid the San Francisco and Humboldt
Bay Railroad Company in the construction of
a railroad lrom the city of San Francisco to
the town of Humboldt Bay, in the State of
California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
485) providing for the examination of the
claim of J. Marino Bonilla to the rancho " La
Cuesta," in the State of California; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 136) for the relief of Jacob P.
Leese; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 486) to facilitate the settlement of certain
prize cases in the southern' district of Florida;
which was read twicTby its title, -referred to
the Committee on^iflaval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
BRIDGES ON/TlIIO AND MISSISSIPPI RIVERS.
SEY. I wish now, if it be in
ord^, to'move to reconsider a resolution that
was passed at the instance of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] on Thursday last, pro-
posing to recommit a certain bridge bill, pro-
posing to construct a bridge on the Ohio, to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
with instructions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order, if there be no further morning busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make the motion with a
view of calling the attention of the Senator to
what I think, as a member of that committee,
would be the wiser course in regaid to the
proposed bridges upon the Ohio river, about
which there seems, from the number of peti-
tions presented recently, to be considerable
feeling in the city of Cincinnati and other
towns upon the river. In the appropriation
bill for rivers and harbors, approved June 27,
18GU, an appropriation was made, among other
flings, " for examining and reporting upon
the subject of constructing railroad bridges
across the Mississippi liver between St. Paul,
in Minnesota, and St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri, upon such plans of construction as
will offer the least impediment to the naviga-
tion of the river."
In pursuance of this authority the engineer
bureau of the War Office have since been mak-
ing surveys and examinations with a view of
determining the kind of bridge that the inter-
ests of navigation and the interests of the
railroads proposing to cross the river would
mutually allow. 1 would respectfully suggest
to the Senator from Indiana that in the appro-
priation bill making appropriations for river
and harbor improvements now pending a simi-
lar clause be inserted in regard to the Ohio
river; and if it is ihe desire of the people of
the Ohio valley and of the railroads who seek
to cross that river that action should be de-
ferred till such a report is made, the committee
to whom this bill is recommitted need take no
action until a report be had from the engineer
bureau.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire of
the cliaiiinan of the Post Office Committee
whether, under the provision of the statute to
which he has referred, any survey or examina-
tion of the Ohio river is to be made, or is it
confined to the upper Mississippi?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is confined to the upper
Mississippi. I lie character of the two livers
diliurs very mueh. The Ohio liver ri^e^ thirty ,
forty, or laity feet at times. I think 1 have
never known the Mississippi to rise more than
ten feet at St. Paul, certainly, and I think not
: more than that at any point between there and
j St. Louis.
i ihe motion of the Senator from Indiana,
■ however, had reference to but one bill. There
j is another bill pending. House bill No. 723, pro-
■ po.sing to budge the Ohio river. It is entitled
1 a supplement to an act approved July iil, 1862,
