1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Trumbull, which was to add after the word
"justice,''' at the eud of the sixth rule, as
amended:
And the Scrgeant-at-Arms, under the discretion
of the court, may employ such aid and assistance ns
may be necessary to enforce, execute. and carry into
effect the lawiul orders, mandates, writs, and precepts
of said court.
Mr. DRAKE. I would very much prefer
that the Senator from Illinois would not insist
upon that amendment at this moment, because
the amendment in itself, as a substantive in-
dividual proposition, is not objectionable; r.o-
body would have any objection to it. But ,f
he attaches it on to the rule as it now stands,
then when my motion comes up to strike out
the sixth rule it is in a different shape alto-
gether from what it was when I made th'
motion originally. It has that which is good
attached to it, and we do not get at the propo-
sition I am anxious to get at, which is to strike
out what I coneeivc to be objectionable. It
the honorable Senator insists upon having his
motion put now, I suppose that under the rules
of the Senate it will have to be put, and then
he will have changed the whole aspect of the
rule altogether, when it'he would withhold his
amendment for a moment, we could get at
the distinct proposition I wish to get at. I do
not suppose the honorable Senator intends by
a motion of that kind to defeat the motion that
I made. If he does he will find that perhaps
he does not accomplish his object.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am put in a very
awkward position. I am in favor of the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, and I
am also in favor of the motion of the Senator
from Missouri. I do not know how I can vote
under the ruling of the Chair, in accordance
with my opinion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that it will be in order to move to
strike out the remaining portion of the section
after the motion of the Senator from Illinois
shall have been acted upon, even if it shall be
adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That relieves me from
embarrassment. Now, I understand that the
rule is, that when a motion is made to strike
out particular matter it shall still be in order
to amend that particular matter proposed to
be struck out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
rule.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But that is not the
motion of the Senator from Illinois; he does
not move to amend a line or a word of the
matter proposed to be struck out; he proposes
to add new and independent matter to the sec-
tion. It seems to me, therefore, that his
amendment is not covered by the ordinary
rule that you can amend matter proposed to
be stricken out, and that the question ought
to be taken on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri first. However, if that motion will
come up and can be put after the adoption of
the other, I am relieved from all embarrass-
ment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not exactly under-
stand how the question stands at 1 his time.
If the motion of the Senator from Illinois pre-
vails as it is now I shall have to vote against
it, but I am in favor of it; and I am in favor
of the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move now to strike out the
first sentence of the sixth rule; the sixth rule
now consists of two sentences.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
The court shall have power to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses, to cntorce obedience to it? orders,
mandates, wits, precepts, and judgments, to iirocGive
order, and to punish in a summary way contempts
of and disobedience to its authority, orders, man-
date.--, wits, prccepts, or judgments, and to make all
1'iwlul orders, rales, and regulations which it may
deem essential or conducive to the ends of justice.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of my friend,
the honorable chairman of the committee,
whether he does not believe it to be true, as a
proposition of law, that the Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment, has, in its own existence
as such a court, all the powers enumerated
there?
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that the Senate
has power to make rules for its own govern-
ment in trying an impeachment, and I think
it ought to be done before they are called upon
to enter upon the trial of an impeachment. I
take it that is a sufficient answer.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator has
not, with all respect to him, answered my
question at all. 1 asked him whether the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
would not have inhering in its very existence
as a court every one of the powers which that
sentence purports to convey to it?
Mr. HOWARD. I answer as I answered
before, that the Senate of the United States
has power to establish rules for its own pro-
ceedings when sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, and that 1 think it ought to provide
those rules before it enters upon its judicial
duties as a court of impeachment, and that
this is the time to do it.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I take it to be very
clear that my honorable friend from Michigan
does not intend to meet the point that I have
twice put to him. I say that the court cannot
exist as a court without having every one of
these powers. Why, then, should a rule be
adopted in the Senate here which purports to
confer powers upon the court? Sir, I do not
speak of this thing with reference to this par-
ticular occasion more than with reference to
future occasions. I object to the Senate adopt-
ing any rule which purports to confer judicial
power upon the court of impeachment. Once
begin with the precedent set of attempting, by
the vote of this body, to confer powers upon
that court, and on future occasions and under
other circumstances where will you stop?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will per-
mit me I will suggest whether there is not an-
other point in this connection; and that is,
that where you undertake to enumerate the
powers of the court you cast doubt upon all
those powers which you do not enumerate.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir. I think it is better
(or us to go upon the powers of the court inher-
ing in its existence than to undertake to define
them in the rules. I admit, with the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, that we ought to
provide rules here to govern the proceedings
of the court, those proceedings which come up
in any court; but I say that we ought not to
attempt, by a rule of the Senate, to enumerate
the powers of the court. There is the whole
point of my objection to this sentence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there were any
doubtthat the Senator from Missouri is right,
that doubt is solved by the refusal of the Sen-
ator from Michigan to answer his question,
which was a very plain one. The Senator
from Michigan by refusing to answer it admits
that he cannot answer what is a plain question
or that his answer would support the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri—one of the
two. Which is it?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
think that any further answer is necessary from
me, and I shall not, therefore, occupy the time
of the Senate by attempting to answer this
mighty question. Undoubtedly, Mr. President,
if the Senators will have an answer, I do be-
lieve that the Senate sitting as a court of im-
peachment has identically the same power that
the Senate now possesses to make rules for its
own proceedings, and I believe that this is the
time, preliminary to a trial, at which tlie Sen-
ate ought to provide those rules, so that they
shall not be taken by surprise, and when the j
trial comes on find themselves engaged in the ,
almost indecorous business at that time of i
adopting rules of proceeding for their govern*
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Argumentatively, the
Senator now answers the question put so
directly by the Senator from Missouri. He
3ays that the Senate as now organized pos-
sesses no power that it will not possess upon
the trial. Therefore the effort to declare the
power here is an admission that it will be pos-
sessed upon the trial. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate could have disposed of this business if tho
committee had confined itself to the subject
which was submitted for its consideration, in
my bumble judgment. It is not for me to
reflect upon that learned committee; it is not
for me to criticise the course of that commit-
tee ; but simply, and with great deference and
respect, to suggest that there was submitted to
that committee the question how shall the Sen-
ate receive the impeachment which the House
of Representatives propose to present. That
was the question submitted to the committee.
Instead of that the committee undertakes here
to declare powers, always unsafe, and I believe
now the chairman insists that we shall go on
with this declaration of powers to-night and
complete the work; that we shall not adjourn,
that we shall not have a reasonable opportu-
nity to consider it. This report was only sub-
mitted yesterday. It is legislation by the Sen-
ate independently of the House of Represent-
atives—a declaration of powers which I deny
that wc ought to undertake, some powers that
I do not admit.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
misunderstands me if he supposes that I do
not intend that the Senate shall have time to
consider this measure. Certainly I am as
desirous as he is that all practicable time should
be given to the consideration of these rules.
But the Senator is not ignorant of the fact that
wo have already been notified by the House
of Representatives that they have impeached
Andrew Johnson of high crimes and misde-
meanors in office; and it has come to ray
knowledge during the present sitting, and I
dare say to his also, that the committee of the
House of Representatives have reported articles
to-day in that House, and that in all prob-
ability their managers will apply to our doors
on Monday with the formal articles of impeach-
ment. I think we ought to be ready to re-
ceive them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is
proper that the Senate should be governed in
its action and in the length of its sessions by
the action of the other House. I think it is in
violation of the spirit of our rules to make ref-
erence to their action. I will say, however, as
the Senator has referred to proceedings in the
House, that two days have been assigned to
debate on the articles, as I understand—to-
day and Monday. The debate will not close
until Monday evening, and a vote will be had
perhaps on Monday evening; and according
to the decision already made in the House
articles cannot be presented to the Senate be-
fore Tuesday. I think, inasmuch as our com-
mittee has gone much beyond the subject that
was committed to it, wc should have reasona-
ble time to consider this legislation. The com-
mittee proposes a permanent set; of rules to
govern the Senate in all cases of this sort. I
do not object to that; but wo ought to have
reasonable time to consider them. It has now
passed much beyond theusualhour ofadjourn-
ment, but the Senator insists that we shall go
on. I think that when we undertake to declare
powers we should do it verv deliberately, and
after full consideration. Sly own opinion is,
that all we have now to do is to declare how
powers are to be exercised, and I do not think
we ought to go very far in that, because the
Constitution does not contemplate that the Sen-
ate, as now organized, shall take any step that
wilt materially control the result.
How far these rules may affect tho result I
-"H™, sa-'' norie us can anticipate,
ine Gmei Justice of the United States must
be sitting here before we can take any steo
tnat can affect the result in the particular case
