148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
December 12,1
These are vigorously defended, and special counsel is
generally engaged to assistthe United States District
Attorney in protecting the interests of the Govern-
ment lliorein."
On the same page there is an item as to
"captured property," which I will read.
Cnptnrrd Cotton.
"Number of bales of cotton received as cap-
tured   156,38i
Number of bales improperly taken, or de-
tained as captured and released   18.48p
"(It is properto say in explanation ofthisit«m that
a&er the surrender the Secretary was reliably in-
formed that large quantities of cotton, which had been
claimed by the so-called confederate government,
were bci&ft stolen and otherwise wrongfully taken by
individuals, and that ho thereupon directed agents
to take possession of, and detain for investigation,
all cotton which they had good reasons to believe
should be treated as captured, and to promptly
examine into the facts, and if satisfied that it was
captured, to forward it as such, or if not so satisfied,
to deliver it back to the>pcrsons from whom it was
taken. But the agents were required to report their
action in all such oasea, and hence a large quantity
of such cotton seems to have been treated as cap-
tared, when the fact is that it was merely detained
tor examination, and was released to owners upon
failuie by agents to show aright to treat it as cap-
tured property.)"
I have read these extracts simply to show
the Senate the circumstances under which the
different Secretaries were placed at different
times with reference to this property and the
principles they adopted lor their government,
first adopted by Secretary Chase, followed up
by myself in the short time I was in the
Department, aud since that time by the present
Secretary. Yon will see the almost infinite
variety of circumstances under which this
property came into the quasi possession of the
Secretary and under his control, and the infi-
nite variety of cases upon which he was called
on to act in consequence of it. The course of
action marked out by Secretary Chase he is
responsible for. On examination of that course
in framing the new rules and regulations I
approved it and followed it, and Mr. McCul-
loch, the present Secretary of the Treasury,
has done nothing more than follow in the
track thus marked out for him by his prede-
cessors. If he is really liable to be severely
dealt with for the course he has taken, that
same liability rests upon me and upon my
predecessor, Mr. Chase. We are as worthy of
blame a8 he is, and for one I cannot consent to
stand here and see him called to account for
acting on the same principles upon which I
&cted myself without coming forward to take
my share of the blame whatever it may be.
Now, sir, with reference to the proceeds of
cotton, I have some memoranda to which I
■will allude. Instead of there being millions
held back, as stated, I think, by the honorable
Senator from Ohio 
Mr. Til UMBULL. The preamble to the
resolution, which passed the House, states
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is incorrect in point
of fact. In the first place, in regard to the
agents themselves, so far as money" in their
hands is concerned, that matter is pretty much
all settled up; it is running to its dregs; and
the Secretary states in his report all the money
in his hands which has been kept out of the
Treasury or not covered in, as it is called.
There are two items of that sort. One is a
sum of $500,000 which was deposited with the
sureties of Mr. Draper, in New York, under
the circumstances which I will state, and the
Senate can judge whether that action was cor-
rect or not. Mr. Draper was the agent that I
lent down to Savannah at the time of the cap-
ture of that place to take charge of the large
quantity of cotton there. He was there, I
believe, when I went out of office, pursuing his
course of duty. When he got back to New
York, and the property came, and he took
Eossession of it, a suit was commenced against
im in the State courts for a very large amount.
It was believed (and Senators will judge with
what propriety it may be believed in regard to
some of the New York courts) ,th$£ tjje feeling
was unfriendly to the United States an.d tQ .all
these laws, and that the United States would
•not stand a fair chance of getting jugtice done
thvjce. ConSequantly it was decided to removt
that case, if possible, into the circuit court of
the United States.
In order to do that under the law_ of New
York it was necessary to give a bond, the
exact tenor of which I do not know. ^ Mr.
Draper, at any; rate, was ordered to give a
bond in a certain sum. He could not give it;
could not get bondsmen unless he could give
them security, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury decided that as it was a question regard-
ing the property of the United States, as the
suit was for the benefit of the United States,
Mr. Draper being merely the agent, it was
proper to take some of the same property
which he had received for his security, and it
was deposited with his sureties. The greater
^ part of it, as I understand—$400,000—has
been released. One hundred thousand dollars
is retained in reference to some other matters
of the same description I have spoken of, and
the $400,000 will be probably covered into the
Treasury. With regard to the other item—
$700,000—it was retained on another princi-
j pie, and has not been covered in. There are
suits pending all over the country against the
agents of the Treasury Department, and Mr.
J McCulloch has been sued himself, in connec-
i tion with Mr. Draper, in the Savannah suits,
i in the State courts of New York. These suits
i amount to $7,000,000. The writs have not
j been served on him, but they threaten to serve
! them on him if he ever comes within their
> jurisdiction. There are divers claims of one
kind and another against this fund. The Sec-
,! retary seems to have thought that it was
proper for a while to hold out of the Treasury
a certain amount of that money to cover the
claims of different descriptions that are made
against officers, aud the expenses incident to
closing up the concern.
It is very strange, if we could trust the Sec-
; retary of the Treasury with $35,000,000, as it
j, seems from the result of these laws we have
i done, that we cannot trust in the hands of the
Treasurer of the United States a fund out of
the Treasury until the matter has been settled
up according to the law of 1864, which says j
that the proceeds, after deducting expenses,
&c., shall be paid into the Treasury. Whether
it is fOo much or too little with regard the real
liabilities that are resting upon these officers,
it is perhaps for Congress to judge; but it
would seem to be very improper to men ex-
posed as the agents of the Government are.
with the unfriendly feeling that exists in many
courts toward these laws and the inclination
which some of the judges have shown to decide
the whole of them to be unconstitutional and
to hold the agents personally responsible, that
they should be left to meet all these things in
the first place, and then left to the tender mer-
cies of Congress to go to the Committee on
Claims and suffer for years before they can get
their accounts settled or get repaid. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, 1 apprehend, had the
impression that he had a right to withhold a
certain amount of this money until the matter
was settled up and all expenses paid, leaving
it in the hands of the Treasurer of the United
States, not in his own, and not to cover it
into the Treasury, the result of doing which
would be to send every man who had a claim
upon that fund to settle it here in Congress.
I understand—and I will appeal to my friend
from Vermont, the chairman of the Committee
on Retrenchment, if he were here, forthe truth of
my statement—that all the claims for captured
and abandoned property, except some half
dozen, are settled. The Secretary himself made
a statute of limitations, fixed a time beyond
which he would not go and look into these
cases ; but half a dozen cases were not suffi-
ciently examined. Those persons had their
cases pending before the Secretary, and while
so pending they have been submitted to the
Committee on Retrenchment, and that com-
mittee has been considering them to see whether
}t is proper that they should be paid. It will
be very-hard upon these claimants if we should
jj now order tl>;s money to be paid into the Treas-
ury, The two yiearg fixed by the act of 1863
have expired, and they cannot go to the Court
of Claims, and they will have to come to Con-
gress. The Secretary of the Treasury, instead
of insisting on settling these half dozen claims
that are left, just handed them over to the com-
mittee of which my friend from Vermont is
chairman to say whether on the whole they
ought not to be paid.
There is another reason why Something should
be retained. Does my friend from Illinois know
—I think he has been informed—that there
are Claims to the amount of about fifteen mil-
lion dollars pending in the Court of Claims for
property captured principally ? Who have we
got there to defend those suits for that vast
amount of property? We have two or three
assistant solicitors, with the salary of about two
thousand five hundred dollars each, I believe.
There is no fund provided for collecting the
testimony from different parts of the country
with reference to this class of cases. There
is in reality nothing provided by Congress for
the adequate and proper defense of the inter-
ests of the United States in these suits, involv-
ing so large an amount of money. What was
the Secretary of the Treasury to do under these
circumstances? He decided that before all
this money had been coverefd into the Treas-
ury he would take it into his own hands to see
that that difficulty was removed so far as to
furnish an adequate defense. I believe there
is no appeal from the decisions of the Court
of Claims in these cases. There is no know-
ing what the decision may be. This is a mat-
ter that may require some special legislation,
and I would call the attention of my friend
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to
that particular subject. I think it needs action.
The Secretary, however, decided that he would
retain additional counsel in order to defend
these cases, and would pay him out of the
fund in his hands which arose from this prop-
erty. He considers that a part of the expenses
pertaining to this business. If gentlemen con-
sider that too liberal a view they differ with me.
If I had been Secretary of the Treasury and I
found all these suits pending and all these
difficulties arising, and I found a fund in my
hands under this brattch of the law which said
I should pay the proceeds into the Treasury
after deducting the expenses, I would give a
broad construction to it and trust to the good
understanding of Congress and its confidence
in me to say whether 1 was not right in defend-
ing the interests of the Government in those
suits and paying the expenses out of that
fund until at least Congress provided a differ-
ent course. I do not know that I should not
be trespassing upon the rights of Congress if
I were to do so and making a false construc-
tion of the statute itself; but it does not seem
so to me.
I wish to call the attention of my friend from
Illinois to another thing. He stated yesterday
that the expenses had been $10,000,000, and
he gets it from this fact, that the gross amount
received is a little over $34,000,000, while
the net amount paid into the Treasury is
$24,742,000, making the difference about
$9,500,000. Perhaps my friend did not no-
tice that of that amount $3,500,000 consists
of money absolutely paid out under the law
of 1864. By that law the Treasury Depart-
ment was authorized to buy property in the
insurrectionary districts, and to give seventy-
five per cent, of its market value in New York
to the persons from whom it was bought, the
Treasury taking twenty-five per cent. That
was substantially the law; and nobody could
buy the products of that part of the country
but the Treasury Department. It was in ref-
erence to that matter that the regulations were
made to which I have referred. While I was
at the head of the Treasury Department in the
account to which the Senator referred credit is
given for the property we got in that way to
the amount of $3,500,000, and on the other
side of the account what was paid in order to
get it, the twenty-five per cent, is charged ;
and this $3,500,000, therefore, should be de-
ducted from the Senator's statement of the
