408
SUPPLEMENT TO
power to make a vacancy by removal is found
iu the aets of 1789 and 1820. So one in look-
ing at the act of 1795 does not see the specific
authority which the respondent asserted on the
21st of February. Those who drew the statute
of 1863 could have seen it only by collating
the act of 1795 with the acts of 1789 and 1820.
The act of 1795 had been on the books for
more than seventy years. The archives of
the Government have been ransacked and fail
to show that in that whole period a single re-
moval was ever by any President followed with
an ad interim appointment. Every power,
therefore,, which eould be seen by reading the
act of 1795 was copied into the act of 1863;
every power which had ever been exerted
under that act was also copied. All provisions
in former laws inconsistent with the provisions
of the last-mentioned act are expressly repealed.
And yet it is gravely argued that this power
of supplying a vacancy caused by removal with
an ad interim appointment still survived; not
only that it survived the act of 1803, but the
act of March 2, 1807, also, which deprives the
President of all power to create a vacancy by
removal except iu case of a head of Depart-
ment where no such vacancy ever was created
more than once, if at all. So, in spite of the
acts of 1803 and of 18<>7, we are asked to ex-
press, from the mere husks of that poor, mis-
shapen statute of 1795—denounced as obsolete
in the code where it stands—the authority to
follow the removal of a Secretary made when
the Senate is in session with an ad interim
appointment. For one I cannot, consent to
torture the laws in order to extort from them
permission for the respondent to strip the high
trust of Secretary from Kdwin M. Stanton and
place it in the hands of Lorenzo Thomas.
It is said that repeals by implication are not
favored by the courts. That is true. Never-
theless, a statute may be repealed without
naming it.
" It is a well settled rule that where any statute is
revised or one act framed from another, some parts
bcinsf omitted, the parts omitted arc not to be revived
by construction, but are to bo considered annulled.
To hold otherwise would bo to impute to the Letiis-
htturo grovs carelessness or i^noranne, which is alto-
gether in admissible.'-— Wilde. •/., Kllisijfi. Paige ftnl.,
1 I'ickentig, 44: 5 English, 588; 6 GreetUcuf, 212; o
Jlotovrd, 045; 12 515; 1-1 111.,
Encouraged by these authoiilios, I venture
to conclude that when Congress embodied in
the act of 1863 every single power which ever
had been seen in the act of 1795, and every
use which ever had been made of it, they did
not, intend to preserve the act just to sustain a
power which never had been seen in or a use
which never had been made of it.
But if the act of 1795 had been in full force
ott the 21st of February last, it would not have
authorized the order given by the respondent
to General Thomas. Manifestly it was the
purpose of all these laws (that of 1792, of 1795,
aud J803) to enable tho President to supply
some one to discharge the duties of ati office
temporarily when, by reason of a vacancy in
the oflice or tho disability of the incumbent.,
the duties could not otherwise be discharged.
It was not intended ho should use either of these
laws to replace a regular officer with a provis-
ional one. Yet such is the use the respondent
attempted to inako of the act of 1795. There
was no vacancy in the oflice of Secretary of
War on the 21st of February last. Mr. Stanton
was in the regular discharge of its duties;
neither sick nor absent.
• But it is urged that the President had power
to remove Mr. Stanton, and, as he issued an
order for that purpose, there was a "vacancy
in law."
If there is any such thing as a "vacancy in
law" it is excluded from the operation of the
act of 1795 by its very terms. That author-
izes an ad interim appointment only in cases
of such rational vacancies as prevent the in-
cumbents from discharging the duties of their
offices. This "legal vacancy" was not of that
kind. It did not prevent Mr. Stanton from
discharging the duties of his office. On the
contrary, he continued to discharge them regu-
larly in spite of the alleged "vacancy," and,
on the trial of this very cause, copies of records
have been -read in evidence, certified by him,
as Secretary, to be true copies, which certifi-
cates were made many weeks after the " legal
vacancy" is said to have occurred, and were
read without objection to their competency
from any quarter. But when General Thomas
was authorized to act as Secretary ad interim
there was no "legal vacancy," nor any pre-
tense of one. Mr. Stanton not only had not
retired from the War Office, but he had received
no notice to retire.
The testimony shows that while Mr. Stan-
ton was in the regular discharge of his duties
as Secretary, at the War Office, without notice
of an order for his removal or of a purpose to
remove him, General Thomas was called to
the White House, and there presented with a
warrant making him Secretary ad interim. As
such he was at once assigned to duty. And
the first duty assigned to him was that of mak-
ing a vacancy by executing the order for the
removal of Mr. Stanton.
It seems to me that any one who will open
his eyes may plainly see that tho authorization
to General Thomas was issued, not as a means
of supplying a vacancy, but as a means of
making one: not to provide for the discharge
of the duties of Secretary, but to prevent Mr.
Stanton from discharging them. If the re-
spondent had believed his simple order of
removal would have made a vacancy in the
office he would have proceeded to fill it by
nomination, as President Adams did in 1800,
and as sooner or later the respondent knew he
must; and as in fact he did proceed, the next
day, when he found the order of removal did
not make a vacancy. But, ho did not expect
Mr. Stanton would obey his order of removal,
lie knew Mr. Stanton had other views of the
law. He thought to surprise him into acquies-
cence by con fronting him suddenly with another
pretender to the oflice. I believe this, because
it is the only rational interpretation of his con-
duct, aud because it is the very explanation
he himself gave to General Sherman.
In his answer the respondent denies that he
used or intended to use intimidation or threats,
as is charged in some of the articles. But it
seems to me ho must either intend to deceive
ns by that denial, or he meant to deceive
General Sherman when ho offered him the
appointment of Secretary n I interim, for he
then tried to persuade him that Mr. Stanton
was a coward, and would be intimidated by it.
I do not suspect him of au attempt, to deceive
General Sherman; but, on tho contrary, I hold
him upon his own declarations guilty of an
attempt, to drive Mr. Stanton from office by
threats and intimidations, as is charged against
him.
I hold also that he conspired with General
Thomas to do this, as is charged in article four.
I hold that tho testimony discloses every fact
necessary to constitute a crime against the act
of July 31, 1861.
If, instead of being arraigned before a court
of impeachment,, the respondent was on trial
before a criminal court. I do not, see how a jury
eould fail to convict him. Surely it will not be
denied that the oflice of Secretary of War is
such an oflice as is described in that act. It
will not bo denied that on the 21st, of Febrnai y
hist Mr. Stanton was holding it. It will not be
denied that it was the purpose of both the !
respondent and of General Thomas to prevent '
him from holding it longer. To that end they j
conspired together. Both were unfriendly to
Mr. Stanton. The respondent avows it in his j
answer. The Adjutant General does not avow '
it, hut it is clearly inferable from the fnets j
stated by him, that for several years he had \
been relieved from the post of Adjutant General
by the Secretary, and that he had been but re- ,'
cently restored by the direct order of thePres- j
ident, and against the wishes of the Secretary. \
It does not appear that any other human !
being was advised of this purpose common to !
those two individuals. On the contrary, there \
is strong presumptive evidence that no other i
person was advised of it. i
It would seem natural that upon a measure
of so much gravity the President should have
consulted his Cabinet. The gentlemen com-
posing that Cabinet were severally produced in
court. The counsel for the respondent offered
to prove by them what advice they gave the
President upon some questions of law, but no
intimation was given that they were consulted,
or that they advised upon the expediency of
this attempt to place the War Office in the hands
of General Thomas, to the exclusion of Mr.
Stanton. The means selected for that purpose
were, as we have seen, two written orders, the
one directing Mr. Stanton to turn over the office
to the Adjutant General, and the other order-
ing the Adjutant General to take possession
and discharge the duties. It may bo said such
methods were not calculated to intimidate Mr.
Stanton. The result shows they did not intimi-
date him. But the testimony shows that the
respondent reasoned otherwise. He told Gen-
eral Sherman that just such papers in his hands
would intimidate the Secretary. If it be said
that the President had the legal authority to
issue the orders, and might, therefore1 calcu-
late on the obedience of Mr. Stanton, I reply
that he did not revoke the orders when he found
Mr. Stanton denied his authority and did not
obey. If it be said no force was employed to -
compel obedience, I reply that force was threat-
ened by the Adjutant General, both to Dr.
Burleigh and Mr. Wilkeson.
If it be said that those threats were not sanc-
tioned by the respondent, I reply that the Adju-
tant General, while he says the President did
not specifically direct the employment of force,
yet did authorize it by the order commanding
him to take possession, and that on Friday, oil
Saturday, on Monday, and on Tuesday when
told by the Adjutant General that Mr. Stanton
refused to surrender, the respondent'suniform
reply was substantially, "Goon; take posses-
sion and discharge your duties that he never
once cautioned him against the use of force,
and never once directed him to resort to the
courts. And, finally, General Thomas says he
abandoned the idea of force not because he
doubted his authority to use it, but because he
did not wish to cause bloodshed.
And it cannot be allowed to the respondent
to urge that he is not responsible for what, Gen-
eral Thomas did and what he threatened to do
within the scope of the warrant given him by
the respondent himself in furtherance of the
common purpose. One of the reasons assigned
by him for wishing to get rid of Mr. Stanton,
was that, he could not safely be responsible for
his conduct. And yet he now protests that he
is not, responsible for the conduct of his suc-
cessor, even wjien going right from his pres-
ence to prosecute a specific purpose with plen-
ary instructions to execute it, and with no sort
of restriction as to the means to be employed
in the execution of it.
A few words of comment upon some consid-
erations urged in defense upon this part of the
case.
And first, it is said his attempt to eject Mr.
Stanton and install General Thomas did not
succeed, and so he ought not to be punished.'
I cannot think the position is well taken.
Whatever he could do to insure success he
did. If his orders were illegal he cannot
plead Mr. Stanton's lawful disobedience in his
own justification. If his orders were legal he
cannot plead Mr. Stanton's unlawful resist-
ance in his own justification. Mr. Stanton's
conduct cannot make his acts either guilty or
innocent. If one aim a blow at another he is
not held innocent because the intended victim
wards it off, and so is not felled by it.
Again, it is said the unlawfulness of his order
is not clear, and the respondent might have
been mistaken, and that it would be hard to
impeach him for a mere mistake of law. Cer-
tainly it would. No reasonable man would
think of doing so.
In my opinion the respondent has made
graver mistakes as to his constitutional powers
than are proved in this record. Many of hia
predecessors have made as grave and palpable
