THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
ones. But I do .not hold that either should
have been impeached for them. When a Pres-
ident, faithfully striving to promote the public
good, exerts a power which the law does not
vest in him, a just people would not permit
him to be punished for jt. If the end aimed
at be good the means will be generously crit-
icised.
But the respondent was aiming to do what
the Senate advised should not be done, and
what the Lieutenant General of the Army, a
man animated by great courage and great can-
dor and inspired by no' party or personal
attachments, admonished him not to do. I
cannot help believing he was moved, not by
any regard for the public welfare, but by the
hope of gratifying his personal resentments.
When malice dictates the end judgment must
not mistake the means.
But I see no reason for excusing the acts of
the respondent upon the ground of mistake.
If he was mistaken on the 21st of February he
is mistaken still. He has not recalled his
orders. He is impeached by the Represent-
atives of the people because of them, and the
issue he tenders is not that he was innocently
mistaken, but that he was right, and that what
he did he would have done if he had known
that his conviction was certain. He still em-
ploys General Thomas at the meetings of his
Cabinet as Secretary ad interim while Mr.
Stanton discharges the duties of Secretary at
the War Office; and the astounding spectacle
is exhibited of two rival claimants to that high
office, the one recognized, by the Legislature
and by every other executive officer and actu-
ally discharging the duties but excluded from
Cabinet meetings, while the other is recog-
nized by the President and entertained at min-
isterial consultations but is disowned every-
where else. And yet, for almost three- months,
the President has not taken the first legal step
to terminate the pretensions of either.
If one is indicted for the larceny of a coat,
and appears in the dock with the coat on his
back, urges his title to it in his defense, and
proclaims to the court that he would have taken
it if he had been sure of going to the peniten-
tiary for it, a jury would not be apt, after find-
ing all the facts against him, to acquit, upon
the assumption that he might have appropriated
the coat under mistake.
I see nothing criminal in the interview be-
tween the respondent and General Emory.
Nor am I satisfied it was prompted by any
sinister purpose. And, therefore, upon the
ninth article I must find the respondent not
guilty."
The tenth article is of different purport from
anything heretofore considered. In it the re-
spondent is presented for certain utterances
made by him on different occasions. I cannot
reproduce here the language attributed to him.
It is set forth at length in the article, and there
is no dispute, I believe; that is proved sub-
stantially as avowed.
The Representatives of the people present
these speeches as official misconduct. For the
defense, it is said the issue involves nothing
more than a question of personal taste. How-
ever improper the words were, it is argued that
the respondent must be protected in the use
of them, because the Constitution guarantees
freedom of speech to all tren. To this the
reply is, that speech is not, and never was,
designed to be free. Unrestrained speech is
fatal to freedom as the old restraints of despot-
ism. Speech is not free in this country, Bor
m any country where there is both liberty and
law. The Constitution has indeed commanded,
in stern rebuke of an old form of despotism,
that Congress shall make no law abridging the
freedom of speech. Thereby fell the star-
chamber and all governm ent censorship. The
clamps were struck from the organs of articu-
lation. Thereby the tongue was made free as
any other member. But no more so. Violent
patients ill a retreat for the insane are often
put in straitjaekets to avoid the possibility of
mischief. But sane men are permitted to walk
about in society with arms free and uneonfined.
But it does not follow that because they are
unfettered they may use their arms as they will,
and with impunity. The law still lays its im-
perious command upon every citizen, that he
use not his freedom of limb to the injury of
any man's person or property, or to the injury
of the State. Whoever disregards the com-
mand must answer for the wrong. The same
command is laid upon human speech. Who-
ever speaks to defame the character of his
fellow, ,or to injure his property, or to incite
to crime against the State, may be held respon-
sible for so doing.
'' Every fYeemn-n has an undoubted right to lay
what sentiments he pleases before the publie; to for-
bid this is to destroy the freedom of the press. But
if he publishes what is improper, mischiovous, or
illegal, he must take the consequences of his own
temerity."
That sentiment is quoted from the Com-
mentaries of William Blackstone by Justice
Story, and with his hearty approval. (Story's
Commentaries on the Constitution, section
1878.)
And Chancellor Kent instructs us that—
" It has become a constitutional principle in this
country that every citizen inay freely speak, write,
and publish his sentiments on all subjects, being
responsible for the abuse of that right; and that no
law can rightfully be passed to restrain or abridge
the freedom of the press."—1 Kent's Com., sec. 241.
Speech-is not, therefore, of necessity inno-
cent because it is not muzzled.
Is the respondent amenable for the speeches
attributed to him in the tenth article?
We are admonished that to hold him so
would be to repeat upon him the wrong which
the so-called sedition law of 1798 inflicted upon
the people of the country. Clearly, there is
no analogy between the offense charged against
the President in this article and the offenses
proscribed by the second section of the act of
1798. That was a proposal by the Govern-
ment to punish citizens for too free criticism
upon the conduct of their own servants. The
House of Representatives propose no more
than to remove a servant of the people from
office which they say he disgraces by his con-
duct and his speech. Counsel have treated
this article as if it were an attempt to punish
a citizen for animadverting upon the policy of
a Congress. The purpose, if I understand it,
is widely different from that. The article,
after setting out the words of the respondent
used on the occasions referred to, concludes
as follows:
" Which said utterances, declarations, threats, and
harangues, highly censurable in any, arc peculiarly
indecent and unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate
of the United States, by means whereof said Andrew
Johnson has brought the high office of the President
of the United States into contempt, ridicule, and dis-
grace, to the great scandal of all good citizens,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, did commit, and was then and there
guilty of a high nii.-demcu.nor in office."
The principle of the tenth article is precisely
the reverse of the law of 1798. That law pro-
posed to punish the people for criticising the
ill conduct of their servants in the Govern-
ment. By the tenth article the people propose
to remove one of their servants for ill conduct.
Because the servants may not tell their mas-
ters, the people, what to say, it does not follow
that the people may not tell their servants
what to say.
A law which should prohibit a man under
penalties from tearing the siding irom the
house he owns, to make repairs, might be
thought rather harsh, and yet it might not. be
thought unreasonable to prohibit a tenant from
splitting up the floors and bedaubing the fres-
coes in the house he hires.
The people of the United States own the
office of President. They built it. It is con-
secrated to their use. In it they thought to
crystallize and employ the excellence of the
Republic. They claim the right to protect it
from desecration. Their Representatives aver
that Andrew Johnson has disgraced that office.
They tell us wherein. And the simple ques-
tion presented in the tenth article is whether
the language and the conduct proved under it i|
are or are not degrading to the office of Chief jj
Magistrate. |l
It is urged, in reply, that if disgraceful
the Senate ought not to condemn it, because
the Representatives who prosecute have some-
times used language quite as bad,, and, thiat
even in the Senate, which tries the case,, words
have been heard at times not much better.
This defense is ingenious, but hardly good in
law. The law of set-off is not uufaiui'iar to
the practice of the courts ; but I have never
known it extended.beyond settling.of debts
between the immediate parties to the record.
I have never heard a" defendant sued for -the
amount of his grocer's bill object that the
court could not give judgment against him
because the judge himself owed a bill at the
same shop. I fear the respondent's counsel
do not justly appreciate the presidential office
when they gravely plead in justification of the
harangues set out in this article the worst
specimens of discussion found in the debates
of the two Houses of Congress. Much might
be urged in palliation of those precedents, but
all I care to say is that, instead of being a
justification for anything, they cannot be justi-
fied of themselves.
Were those utterances disgraceful to one
holding the prfesidential office?
It has been urged that he did not speak as a
magistrate, but as a citizen. That, I appre-
hend, is p, mistake. From the time one assumes
that high office until he retires from it he is
always President. Not all he does is neces-
sarily official, but all he does should be con-
sistent with the exalted character of the office.
The office of Chief Magistrate is not a gaiinunt
to be laid off or put on at the pleasure of the
incumbent. When once those high responsi-
bilities are assumed they must be maintained.
If the incumbent weary of them, ho may resign.
If he abuse them, he may be removed.
But on the occasion referred to in the article
the respondent was acting semi-officially. He
was not discharging any duty imposed on him
as President, but he was exercising a high
privilege belonging to him as such. Not as :l
citizen of Tennessee, but avowedly as Presi-
dent of the United States of America, was he
then visiting and being visited by his great
constituency.
Was his conduct such as became his char-
acter ? I cannot find any rules in the law by
which to try those utterances. I cannot con-
sent to try them by the models furnished from
the proceedings of the Houses of Congress.
I can try him only by my own estimate of what
the bearing of a Chief Magistrate should be,
when I say that in my judgment the conduct
and the language proved against the respondent
was wholly unbecoming the office he filled, and
such as, if often repeated, would be fatal to
the respect, with which the people have hith-
erto cheiished it. That judgment, I believe,
is in strict accord with the opinion of the gi eat
majority of the American people as expressed
at the time. I do not mean to speak figura-
tively when I say the people then hung their
heads in mortification—not his politic:'.! ene-
mies alone, but his political friends as well.
And of those friends I doubt if there is one in
the Senate who has not often declared his
belief that but for the very matters charged in
the tenth article the people would have sanc-
tioned the policy which the respondent then
urged upon them, and which his friends pro-
fessed to believe was vital to the peace and
welfare of the country. How they can now
vote conduct to be innocent to which they then
ascribed such disastrous results they can doubt-
less explain ;'I cannot. Many a lieutenant
has been cashiered for ''conduct unbecoming
an officer and a gentleman.'' Is it possible
the people cannot remove a President for the
some otlense, and that, too, exhibited on great
public occasions ?
The eleventh article alone remains to be
noticed. In that the respondent is presented
for having, oil the 18th day of August, I860,
denied that the Thuty-Ninth Congiess was a
legitimate body authorized to enact laws for the
United States, but that it was only a Congress
of a part of the. States ; and for having, in pur-
