1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Ho. op Reps.
The right start in the direction suggested has
been made. Since the 1st day of September,
1865, the debt has been reduced $266,185,-
121 43. Now, if such a reduction could be
made while the industry of one third part of
the country, by reason of the war and the un-
settled state of its political affairs, has been
exceedingly depressed, and the other two thirds
have by no means exerted their full productive
power; if such a reduction could he made,
notwithstanding the liberal miscellaneous ap-
propriations by Congress, thepayment of boun-
ties, and the great expense of maintaining large
military forces upon the frontier and m the
southern States, can there be any good reason
why the reduction, so successfully commenced
under the most inauspicious circumstances,
should not be continued steadily and without
interruption until every dollar of it is extin-
guished ! The Secretary indulges the hope
that the policy which has been inaugurated,
and which, in his judgment, is so essential to
the national credit, if not to the preservation
of republican institutions, will not be aban-
doned. Old debts are hard debts to pay. The
longer they are continued the more odious do
they become. If the presentgeneration should
throw the burden of this debt upon the next it
will be quite likely to be handed down from
one generation to another—a perpetual, if not
a constantly increasing burden upon the people.
Our country is full of enterprise and resources.
The debt will lie lightened every year with great
rapidity by the increase of wealth and popula-
tion. With a proper reduction in the expenses
of the Government, and with a revenue system
adapted to the industry of the country and not
oppressing it, the debt may be paid before the
expiration of the present century. The wis-
dom of a policy which shall bring about such
a result is vindicated in advance by the history
of nations whose people are burdened with
inherited debts, and with no prospect of relief
for themselves or their posterity. In the ap-
pendix to this report there will be found a table
prepared by a very intelligent gentleman of
Massachusetts, which shows how soon the debt
may be paid by the regular increase of popu-
lation alone, at the rate of three per cent, per
annum on a regular annual per capita tax of
$8 GO, which is now much below the present
rate.
By a resolution approved February 22,1867,
the provisions of the joint resolution to provide
for codifying the laws relating to customs,
approved July 26, 18G6, were continued in
force until the 1st day of January in the year
1868.
Under the authority and direction of these
resolutions the Department has caused to be
prepared the dralt of an act embracing all
provisions deemed necessary for regulating
the foreign and coasting trade, the assessment
and collection of duties on goods imported
from foreign countries, and for consolidating
and perfecting the navigation laws. This draft
was transmitted to the House of Representatives
on the 8th of March last, and the report accom-
panying it gives a general view of its scope,
and an outline of the most important changes
in existing laws proposed to be made.  
The laws relating to the foreign and coasting
trade and the collection of the revenue from
customs are now dispersed through many vol-
umes of statutes, and have been so frequently
modified by amendments of their original pro-
visions that on many points it is difficult for
merchants as well as for the officers whose
duty it is to construe and execute them to
determine what is the law in force.
It is of great importance that. laws regulat-
ing interests so various and vast should be so
systematized that the rights and duties of the
classes whose interest are most directly affected
by them may be clearly apparent. Their pres-
ent complication is a source of serious embar-
rasmeut to the mercantile community, and it
is not less embarrassing to the officers of the
40th Cono. 2d Sess.—No. 3.
customs, whose positions demand prompt ac-
tion and an intelligent application of law to
facts as they arise. The Department has
endeavored to obviate these embarrassments,
as far as practicable, by regulations and instruc-
tions ; but these measures are only a partial
remedy, and fall far short of supplying the
want of a uniform and consistent code. In
view of these considerations, it is hoped that
the proposed act will receive the early atten-
tion of Congress.
The Secretary respectfully recommends the
reorganization of the accounting offices of the
Treasury Department, so as to place this branch
of the public service under one responsible
head, according to what seems to have been
designed in the original organization of the
Department, and followed until the increase
of business led to the creation of the office of
Second Comptroller, and subsequently to that
of Commissioner of Customs. There are now
three officers controlling the settlement of ac-
counts, each independent of the others, and,
as a consequence, the rules and decisions are
not uniform where the same or like questions
arise. In the judgment of the Secretary the
concentration of the accounting offices under
one head would secure greater efficiency, as
well as greater uniformity of practice, than
can be expected under a divided supervision.
It is believed, also, that it would be advan-
tageous to relieve the Commissioner of Cus-
toms of the duty of settling accounts, and to
confine his labors to the supervision of the
revenue from customs, now sufficiently large
to demand his whole time. It is therefore
recommended that the office of Chief Comp-
troller be created, having general supervision
of the accounting officers and appellate juris-
diction from their decisions ; to which should
be transferred the duty of examining and coun-
tersigning warrants on the Treasury, and of
collecting debts due the Government, now
constituting a part of the duties of the First
Comptroller; and that the adjustment of ac-
counts pertaining to the customs be restored
to the latter office.
The Secretary also renews the recommenda-
tion contained in his last annual report of a
reorganization of the bureaus of the Depart-
ment, and most respectfully and earnestly
solicits for it the favorable action of Congress.
The compensation now paid is inadequate to
the services performed, and simple justice to
gentlemen of the ability and character of those
employed in the Department requires a liberal
addition to their present compensation. Since
the rates of compensation now allowed were
established, the duties, labors, and responsibil-
ities of the bureaus have been largely in-
creased, and the necessary expenses of living
in Washington have been more than doubled.
The report of the Director of the Mint con-
tains the usual information relative to the coin-
age for the past year.
The total value of the bullion deposited at
the Mint and branches during the fiscal year
was §41,89a, 100 70, of which $40,069,200 06
was in gold and $1,823,900 70 in silver. De-
ducting the redeposit, the amount of actual
deposit was $34,537,048 39.
The coinage for the year was, in gold coin,
$28,217,187 50; gold bars, $11,621,691 32;
silver coin, $986,871; silver bars, $575,823 18;
nickel, copper, and bronze coinage, (one, two,
three, and five cent pieces,) $1,879,540. Total
coinage, $31,083,598 50. Total bars stamped,
$12,197,514 50.
The gold deposits of domestic production
were, at Philadelphia, 82,418,197 89; at San
FYancisco, $17,936,109 40; at New York,
$10,320,821 55; at Denver, $130,559 70. The
silver deposits were, at Philadelphia, $37,399 72;
San Francisco, $744,387 48; New York,
$274,893 19.
The gold and silver deposits of foreign pro-
duction were $2,674,619 46.
The amount of gold coined at Philadelphia
was $10,072,060 86; at San Francisco, $18,-
225,000; of silver, at Philadelphia, $357,-
490 38; at San Francisco, $780,048 54; of
bronze and nickel and copper, at Philadelphia,
$1,870,540. Total number of pieces struck,
54,110,384.
A valuable site for a branch mint in San
Francisco has been purchased during the past
year, and an additional appropriation will be
required for the purpose of erecting a mint
building complete in all its appointments upon
the Pacific coast.
The Director of the Mint recommends the
opening of the branch mint at New Orleans,
upon an economical basis, for the coinage of
nickel copper pieces. The branch mint at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, is being repaired and
placed in condition for melting and assaying
the precious metal3. It will be unnecessary
ever to execute coinage at Denver or Charlotte,
and the branch mints at those points should be
converted into assay offices, and thus expenses
reduced.
The Director also recommends the repeal of
the coinage charge, the tax on bullion, and the
redemption of the cent coinage. His remarks
upon international coinage, and his sugges-
tions for the protection of gold coins from
debasement, are worthy careful consideration.
An appropriation of $10,000 was made by
Congress on the 28th of July, 1866, to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to collect reli-
able statistical information concerning the gold
uid silver mines of the western States and 'ter-
ritories. Under the authority thus conferred
upon this Department, Mr. J. Ross Browne
was appointed special commissioner for the
mineral regions west of the ltocky mountains,
ilis preliminary report was submitted to Con-
guess on the 8th of January, 1867. The dis-
tricts of New Mexico, Colorado, Montana,
Dakota, and Minnesota were assigned to Mr.
James \V. Taylor, whose report was submitted
on the 13th of February, 1867. No detailed
information respecting our mineral resources,
the nature and extent of the metalliferous
veins, the mode and cost of working the mines,
or the yield of bullion, had previously ap-
peared in an official form. Little was known
of the local rules and regulations or the prac-
tical effect of Federal legislation on the sub-
ject of the mineral lands. The value of the
information contained in these reports lias
been attested in a marked degree by the public
favor with which they have been received
throughout the Atlantic and Pacific States.
A new and increasing interest has been mani-
fested in the exploration and development of
our mineral regions, both east and west of tlje
Rocky mountains.
As stated in letters of the Department, dated
January 8 and February 14,1867, these reports
were merely preliminary. Provisions having
been made by the appropriation actof March 2,
1807, foracontinuauceofthisservice, the special
commissioner, Mr. Browne, has been occu-
pied during the present year in a more thorough
examination of the mineral districts within his
division. He has traveled extensively over
the principal mining regions of the Pacific
slope, and collected much valuable informa-
tion. The scope of his investigations, reaching
from British Columbia to the Mexican border,
was too extensive to admit of a personal visit
to each district, and he deemed it expedient to
secure the services of an experienced corps
of mining engineers and statisticians to aid
him in the performance of his duties. Special
instructions were given to them in writing,
impressing upon them the necessity of caution
in the reception of unverified statements from
interested parties, and the importance of accu-
racy and a critical adherence^ to facts in their
own. Through the services of these assistants,
who ha\e visited in person nearly all the dis-
tricts described, he has been enabled to obtain
detailed reports on the
and characteristic features of Ltah, western
