1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3581
[Laughter.] Besides, there are all sorts of
bets. I understand that according to the
amendment any officer who bets a dollar upon
anything, is to be cashiered.
Mr. "WILSON. No, sir; any officer who has
the care of funds.
Mr. JOHNSON". I understand that; but
they all have the care of funds, more or less.
Mr. WILSON. No; it applies to paymas-
ters and others intrusted with public funds,
who shall gamble or bet, and be convicted by
a court-martial.
Mr. JOHNSON". Then if he bets at all on
anything he is to be dismissed.
Mr. WILSON. By all accounts gambling
is a very disastrous thing in the Army. It is
carried to a great extent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt it is bad
out of the Army as well as in the Army ; but
1' gambling'' is a very comprehensive term. It
may apply to the ordinary and common prac-
tice among officers of playing among them-
selves with small sums as stakes, or of betting
upon a horse race, or betting upon a cock fi^ht,
which used to be common in the South, and I
believe is now, to a certain extent.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. It is carefully drawn.
The amendment was read.
Mr. JOHNSON. The first part covers the
second.
Mr. WILSON. No; the first part applies
to an officer who has not the custody of public
funds being convicted of gambling, and the
second part relates to the case of an officer
intrusted with the public funds being convicted
of gambling or betting.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand; but
what I mean to say is this : every officer who
gambles according to the first part of the amend-
ment is to be cashiered, and then the amend-
ment provides that any officer intrusted with
public funds who gambles shall be cashiered.
He is just as much an officer, whether intrusted
with public funds or not, and the first clause of
the amendment embraces all officers, whether
intrusted with public funds or not. I submit
to the chairman of the Military Committee that,
although it is very desirable to guard against
gambling, in the criminal sense of that term, it
would be very hard, by an amendment like
this, to prohibit officers of the Army from
betting among themselves, particularly in time
of peace.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator think that
paymasters and others intrusted with funds 
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 do not object to putting
the prohibition upon the paymasters.
Mr. NYE. Why not simply say "paymas-
tors ?''
Mr. JOHNSON. If it applied only to pay-
masters it would be a different thing.
Mr. WILSON. I would consent to a modi-
fication that no officer intrusted with public
funds shall bet or gamble.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall not object to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that this section
will not be amended as now suggested. As I
understand the language, it says that any officer
convicted by a court-martial of gambling shall
be cashiered. A court-martial will not con-
vict any man of betting in the ordinary accept-
ation of that term.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator asks why not.
Because courts-martial are presumed to be
and are composed of sensible men ; and when
the offense amounts to that degree of abuse
that it will secure the attention of a eourt-
matial and a conviction by a court-martial, the
officer is unfit for the service. Gambling has
been and is now to some extent, it certainly
has been one of the greatest abuses of the Army.
It has been a common habit at the western
posts, and it constitutes one of the objections
to entrance into the Army. The Senator from
Connecticut, I understand, wishes to prepare
a substitute, and I yield to hiui for that pur-
pose.
Mr, FERRY. I think this substitute will
obviate the objections and cover the whole
ground of both classes of officers, and will
also sufficiently define the offense to avoid the
objection of the Senator from Maryland:
Any officer in the military service of the United
Stateswho shall be convicted by court-martial of
gambling for gain, shall be dismissed the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is a man to do
who bets half a dollar on a game of whist?
Does he gamble for loss?
Mr. FERRY. I suppose he bets for fun.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the word "gambling" a little more accurately
defined, so that officers may know precisely
how far they may go. I think there is diffi-
culty in leaving it without definition. I once
heard a gentleman with whom I was riding
say that he had not gambled any since he was
eighteen years old ; and as he was a gentleman
with whom I became acquainted in this city,
and whom a great many of us know, I was very
much surprised, because he had the reputation
of " playing high." The next day I happened
to meet here in the Senate Chamber a gentle-
man who was very well acquainted with him,
sitting not very far from me, and I remarked
to him that I had heard this gentleman say so.
Said he, "What, did he tell you he had not
gambled since he was eighteen years old?"
I said " Yes, he told me so distinctly." " Well,"
said he "he meant that he had not been into
a gambling-house; and in that sense, I suppose
what he said was true; but, as for playing cards,
I bet fifty dollars a game playing whist with
him every night." And yet he did not think
he was a gambler.
Mr. NYE. He came out about even, prob-
ably.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, for the benefit
of the Army, I should like to have the offense
defined, so that they may know what is gam-
bling, and what is not. All playing of any game
for money, risking money, is perhaps in one
sense, wrong, because it is dangerous; but I
presume there are very few officers in the Army
who do not amuse themselves with different
kinds of games and small stakes. So unde-
fined is this provision if you pass it, that if
one officer finds that another officer whom he
does not like is playing cards and making a
small wager, he may complain of him, file
charges, and a court-martial may be bound to
find him guilty, not knowing what '1 gambling''
was within the meaning ot the law, and thus
create considerable difficulty. Although I
should be very glad if any mode could be
devised by which the danger and difficulty to
which this article refers could be obviated, I
think the provision proposed is altogether too
general, and may lead to trouble in the Army.
1 think the definition should be somewhat more
accurate than it is.
Mr. FERRY. In the substitute I think the
expression "gambling for gain" by the appli-
cation of plain common sense will distinguish
the offense intended to be stopped from ordi-
nary amusements of officers in camp ; and any
danger such as is suggested by the Senator from
Maine is obviated by the language of the pro-
posed substitute that the person charged must
be convicted by a court-martial. An officer
charged before a court-martial with "gam-
bling for gain " I do not think could possibly
be convicted under any circumstances which I
can imagine, as courts-martial are constituted
for the trial of officers, unless he were actually
guilty of what all would agree was gambling so
as to be pernicious in its example to his com-
mand. If such language as this will not reach
the difficulty which now exists I do not know
of any that will, and it is seriously true that the
practice of gambling for gain is one exceed-
ingly disastrous not only in its example to the
command, but disastrous to the officers them-
selves. I have myself known paymasters that
made it a habit when they came to pay off the
troops, after having paid the officers to encour-
age gatherings for the purpose of gambling
and win back from them half, three fourths,
and frequently the whole of their pay. It does
seem as if something ought to be done to reach
this evil. It seems to me that when you leave
to the common sense of a coort-martial of his
brother officers the decision of "the question
whether the thing was that pernicious gambling
for gain which all would agree should be pre-
vented in a well-ordered command, you do
avoid any serious risk of the evil consequences
of ill-disposed persons preferring frivolous-
charges against officers who had been merely
indulging in a harmless amusement.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. NYE. I do not understand exactly the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.
If a man gambles at all he gambles for one of
two purposes. He does not certainly intend
to gamble to lose; therefore, if a man wagers
anything he wagers it to gain. Suppose an
officer should bet upon the result of an elec-
tion ; suppose an officer of the Army should
bet that my friend here on my left [Mr. Hend-
ricks] would be elected President  
Mr. FERRY. Betting is not in the substitute.
Mr. NYE. Betting has been held to be
gambling by courts of the highest authority in
the country, and I do not think a distinction
can be drawn between gambling and betting.
If the honorable Senator wants to define it so
as to proscribe certain games that shall be pro-
hibited, that will be very well. But I hardly
believe that the Army would hold together
unless they had some little amusements. Take
a western post where the snow for four or five
months in the year ranges from five to twenty
feet in depth. Cut off from the world, all by
themselves, they play cards. They have not
funds enough to make it amount to gambling,
probably, in the sense of the term that my
friend from Massachusetts would wish to pro-
hibit ; but still they gamble. They have got,
perhaps, $500 in cash, and it changes hands
five hundred times during the winter. It is a
sort of excitement, they will have, and they
have no other. I do not believe that that is
what the Senator from Massachusetts means to
prohibit.
I do not see what the substitute offered by
the Senator from Connecticut would amount
to exactly. " Gambling for gain!" Nobody
gambles for anything else. 1 do not profess to
be an expert in the business, [laughter;] and
my'friend, perhaps, is more expert in it than
I am; and he can tell when he evergambled and
did not gamble for gain.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator is making an
assumption not to be supposed.
Mr. NYE. The Senator seems to be so
familiar with it that he is able to see a distinc-
tion between gambling for gain and gambling
for loss. If you gamble at all you gamble to
gain. There is no doubt about that. No man
ever made a bet that did not bet to win if he
could. I do not know why this rule should be
directed and held against Army officers any
more than against officers in civil life here as
Senators. In all well-regulated communities
they have rules and laws against gambling.
They define certain kinds of games and declare
them to be illegal, and say they shall not be
practiced, and a military officer would fall
within such rule the same as a civilian if he
practiced them. But I do not believe that it
will be possible to carry out this law.
In the next place, it is about as hard work to
manage an Army or a Navy as it is a choir of
country singers. All sorts of little petty jeal-
ousies are got up. Here is a little officer who
wants to get another one's place, and he will
say "he gambled at Fort Churchill, in Nevada;
he bet four shillings ; he held a better hand in
cards than the Senator from Massachusetts."
[Laughter.] Well, sir, it was done harmlessly,
nobody injured, the public funds did not suffer,
lie sleeps on it a month or two until this lin-
gering enmity is aroused, and then he has the
officer court-martialed, and it costs the Gov-
ernment two or three or four hundred dollars
to try him when he had bet a half dollar ; the
officer is cashiered, and the little rascal that
