1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that was referred to the committee. And, sir,
how the powers possessed by the courts shall
be exercised, in my judgment, with great ro-
spect to the committee, ought to be declared
by the Senate when it is presided over by the
Chief Justice. Take the provision of these
rules that but two counsel shall be heard on
each side—two for the House and two for the
President. Take the provision which limits
debate by the Senators. Is it right that we,
in the Senate, as now organized, should con-
sider these important questions? Who knows
what will be the effect on the final decision as
to the length of debate that may be allowed
to Senators ? I refer to this simply by way of
illustration.
Those rules, as proposed by the committee,
go far beyond what I think is the power of the
Senate as now organized. Every lawyer in this
body understands the importance of the debate
which is connected with the trial, whether it
shall be limited or whether there shall be no
limit upon it. Mr. President, I think that
before we act on these rules and declarations
of power we had better adjourn and take
them up on Monday.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senate will not agree
with the Senator on that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is all right. If I
expected the Senate to agree with everything
I said, as is suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, the machinery would soon begin to
move very differently. But, inasmuch as it will
not, all I can do is to propose what I think is
right, and I do that, and with entire respect to the
majority. The fact that the majority does not
agree with me has not converted me. Now, it
is an easy thing for a man to go with the ma-
jority ; it is a hard thing to go with the minor-
ity sometimes. Currents carry a ship easily ;
but it requires the skill of the navigator to go
against the currents and winds. A man floats
easily down stream until perhaps he may come
to rocks and shoals. Whether the Senator
from California shall ever run against any such
rocks and shoals is not for me to say. I may
meet them in going up stream ; I cannot tell.
I believe, however, the snags are likely to be
encountered asa mangoes up stream, and rocks
and shoals as a man comes down. I did not
intend to say this, Mr. President, and if the
Senator from California had not interrupted
me I should not have said it.
Mr. CONNESS. I am not sorry for this part
of the speech.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, I hope we shall have
the vote on this subject.
Mr. DRAKE. On this question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
clause which the Senator from Missouri pro-
poses to strike out by inserting the word ''or"
before "precepts," in the fourth line, and
striking out the words " or judgments" after
"precepts," in that line, and also by striking
out in the sccond line the words " and judg-
ments" and inserting the word "and" before
" precepts;" so as to make the rule read :
The court shall have power to compel the attend-
ance of "witnesses, to enforce obedience to its orders,,
mandates, writs, and precepts, to preserve order,
and to punish in a summary, way contempts of and
disobedience to its authority, orders, mandates,
writs, or preccpts, and to make all lawful orders, &c.
This is substantially the same amendment
which was adopted on motion before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly hope that will
not be agreed to. It is not necessarily a mere
question of taste, and it is not a question of
calling on the military to assist in the enforce-
ment of a judgment, final or interlocutory;
but if we are to declare anything on the sub-
ject in the way that our powers are to be reg-
ulated and enforced, certainly we ought to
declare that a contempt of our judgments,
tvhetbor they are interlocutory or final, may
be punished and that our judgments may be
enforced. I certainly hope that the Senate
will not emasculate the section.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I shall not renew the
debate that took place on the latter clause in
regard to judgments. 1 do not understand
that there is to be any judgment at all until
the final vote of the Senate is taken. Every-
thing else is in order, a decision, or an opin-
ion of the court pending the proceedings.
These other words are sufficiently comprehen-
sive to cover everything that the Senate may
do previous to the final judgment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri to strike out all the sixth rule except the
words which were inserted on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois, and upon this mo-
tion of the Senator from Missouri the yeas and
naya have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bucltalew, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
Hendricks, MeCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ross, Saulsbury, Spraguo, and Van Winkle—12.
WAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Edmunds, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Stowart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tiuton, Willey, Williams, Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, CattelUCragin, Dixon,
Doolittlc, Ferry, Pessenden, Grimes, Henderson,
llowe, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pat-
terson of K ew Hampshire, Sherman, Trumbull, \V ude,
and Yates—18.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
rule will be read.
The Secretary read rule seven, as follows:
"VII. The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall
direct all necessary preparations in the Senate Cham-
ber, and the presiding officer of tho court shall di-
rect all the forms of proceeding while the Senate are
sitting for tho purpose of trying an impeachment,
and all forms during the trial not otherwise specially
provided for. And the presiding officer of tho court
may rule all questions of evidence and incidental
questions, which ruling shall stand as tho judgment
of the court, unless some member of the court shall
ask that a formal vote bo taken thereon, in which
case it shall he submitted to the court for decision;
or he may, at his option,in the first instance, submit
any such question to a voto of tho members of the
court."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed to this rule, tho Secre-
tary will read the next.
The Secretary read rule eighth, as follows:
VIII. Upon tho presentation of articles of im-
peachment and the organization of the court as here-
inbefore provided, a writ of summons shall issue to
the accused, reciting said articles, and notifying him
to appear before said courtupon aday and ata place
to be fixed by said court and named in such writ,
and file his answer to said articles of impeachment,
and to stand to and abide the orders and judgments
of said court thereon; which writ shall bo served by
such officer or person as shall be named in the pre-
cept thereof, such number of days prior to the day
fixed lor such appearance as shall bo named in such
precept, either by the delivery of an attested copy
thereof to the person accused, or if that cannot con-
veniently be done, by leaving such copy at the last
known place or abode of such person, or at his usual
place of business, m some conspicuous place therein;
or if such service shall be, m the judgment of such
court, impracticable,notice to tho accused to appear
shall be given in such other manner, by publication
or otherwise, as shall be deemed just; and it the
writ aforesaid shall fail of service in the manner
aforesaid, the proceedings shall not therehy abate,
but further service may be made in such manner as
the court shall direct. 11 the accused shall fail to
appear, either in person or by attorney, on the day
so fixed therefor as aforesaid, or appeal ing shall tail
to file his answer to such articles of impeachment,
the trial shall proceed, nevertheless, as upon a plea
of not guilty. If a plea of guilty shall be entered,
judgment may be entered thereon without further
proceedings.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me there is a
phrase in that section from which will come
some confusion and possibly injustice. 1 mean
the closing phrase of the sentence previous to
the last—and it is utterly unnecessary. We
are prescribing rules too minutely ; it ought to
be left to the court after you have organized it,
as the case progresses. After providing for the
service of summons in the eighth rule, as I read
it, and a variety of modes of service, it goes
on to say;
If the writ aforesaid shall fail of service in tbo
manner a foresaid the proceedings shall not thereby
abate, but further service may be made in such man-
ner as the court shall direct.
I have no objection to it that far; but then
it proceeds:
If the accused shall fail to appear, either in per-
son or by attorney, on the day so fixed therefor as
aforesaid, or appearing shall fail to file his answer to
such articles of impeachment, the trial shall pro-
ceed, nevertheless, as upon a plea of not guilty.
What does that imply? That without any
allegation or requiring any proof of service
according to the language as prescribed here, a
plea of not guilty is to be entered if the party
does not appear, though the summons may never
have been served. That is literally the effect
of the provision as it stands. It is indefinite,
it is obscure, and I think it is unnecessary. If
the body to try the case is a court, as the Sen-
ate has decided, it has authority under pre-
vious clauses to issue all proper process, and
of course a great deal of this language is use-
less surplusage. I think it might, in many re-
spects, be shortened and amended. As it
stands it may lead to injustice. Does it mean
that if the accused shall fail to appear in per-
son or by attorney on the day for the return
of the summons, or appearing shall fail to file
his answer, a plea shall be entered ? Is he
to appear and to file his answer on the day of
his appearance? According to any principle
of justice I ever heard of he should be, sum-
moned to appear and answer afterwards, and
surely it must be subject to the order of the
court at what time, or how soon he must file
his answer after he has appeared.
Further than that, the words " answer" and
"plea" have technical, distinct meanings in
a court. If you mean to put in such an
order as to a matter which I think ought
to be left to the court to determine after an
appearance is entered, you ought to use the
words "either plead or answer, and at such
time as the court may order." As it stands
here it would imply that there is authority to
enter the plea of not guilty if the party fails to
appear and to file an answer on the day of his
appearance. That is not justice. It is not
according to the usual proceedings of courts.
1 do not suppose it was contemplated. I think
it ought to be amended so as to read, "if the
accused shall fail to appear, either in person
or by attorney, on the day fixed therefor as
aforesaid, a plea of not guilty may be entered."
He is bound to appear according to the exi-
gence of the summons, no doubt; but when he
has appeared, the Senate, of course, is to make
the order for his answer or plea, to be filed
within a reasonable time. That would be the
usual proceeding in a court of justice.
I think there are many other matters in this
rule which may give rise to obscurity, but I
shall not dwell on them now. These rules were
reported to the Senate yesterday, printed, and
laid on our tables this morning. We have been
in session since twelve o'clock and are not
half through ; and yet we are to be pressed into
the consideration of them to-night. In matters
where the meaning must depend on the lan-
guage used you may be readily led into error,
and such things require careful consideration.
But it seems these rules are to be pressed
through in a single day, in spite of the exhaus-
tion of nature, until we are forced to a vote,
and that without time to investigate the proper
rules to be applied to the case. I certainly
have no desire that any rule should be applied
to the case that does not belong to it, for the
purpose of preventing justice in the decision
of the Senate, nor have I any desire to avoid
tho establishment of any rule that is necessary
for tliatpurpose; but I believe there ought to be
some little regard paid to the time within which
the human mind can act upon matters of this
kind. It is frequently more diffieult'to arrive
at correct decisions on matters of form than on
matters of substance. Where a matter of sub-
stance or of principle is involved, and the mind
