3584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 29,
volunteer or militia officers may be older than the
commissions of the officers of the regular forces:
Provided, That this distinction shall not exist when
said volunteer or militia officers shall have been in
the service of the United States an equal length of
time with the said regular officers.
So that the article will read:
Art. 83. Volunteer or militia officers in the mili-
tary service of the United States shall, when em-
ployed in conjunction with the regular forces of the
United States, take rank according to the dates of
their commissions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. The eleventh, fifteenth, six-
teenth, and thirty-second articles prescribe to
a certain extent punishments to be inflicted by
the different classes of courts-martial and by
the commanding officers of detachments when
necessary. I judge by the tenor of the articles
that it is intended that no other punishments
than those named in the articles shall be in-
flicted ; yet as the articles stand the same lib-
erty of corporal punishment will continue as
existed during the late war. I propose^ to
amend these articles, of which an illustration
will be the amendment to article fifteen, which
provides:
No garrison, regimental, battalion, or detaohment
court-martial shall have power to try capital eases;
nor shall any such court include as a part of its sen-
tence upon any soldier a fine exceeding two months'
pay, nor imprison, nor put to hard labor any soldier
tor a longer period than two months.
To that I propose to add:
Nor shall any corporal punishment bo imposed
by such sentence other than imprisonment or hard
labor, or both.
I propose also an amendment in similar lan-
guage to the eleventh, sixteenth, and thirty-
second articles, the principle of all being the
same. The object which I have is this: flog-
ging in the Army was abolished years ago; but
during the recent war other corporal punish-
ments, in my judgment infinitely worse than
flogging, were inflicted upon the soldiers, both
by order of detachment commanders'and by
these inferior courts-martial, and, as I think,
invariably almost with an evil effect, such as
tying up to the wheels of gun-carriages, hang-
ing up by tlie thumbs, inclosing in barrels like
a pillory, and the like. Those things, in my
judgment, should be stopped. I have there-
fore prepared amendments to each of these
articles to accomplish that result; so that,
under the Articles of War as now to be adopted,
the punishments to be inflicted will be only in
capital cases death; in other cases fine or im-
prisonment or hard labor, or a combination
of some of the latter three, which is accom-
plished by adding to each of these articles the
words which I have suggested. The first in
order would be the eleventh article to add:
But exccpt in capital cases n  corporal punishment
shall be imposed by sentencoof a general court-mar-
tial other than imprisonment, or hard labor, or
both.
Punishments not corporal, such as dismissal
from service, cashiering, and fine, of course
are not affected by the amendment. I move
that amendment to the eleventh article, to be
added at the end of the article.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Connecti-
cut will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I now move to add at the
end of the fifteenth article the following:
Nor shall any corporal punishment be imposed by
such sentence other than imprisonment, or hard
labor, or both.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the same thing.
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir; it is all the same
applied to these different articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I now move to amend the
sixteenth article by inserting after the word
"month," in the fourteenth line, the words:
Nor shall any corporal punishment be imposed by
such sentence other than imprisonment, or hard
labor, or both. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. The next amendment is in
the thirty-second article, to insert after the
word '' discipline,'1 in the sixth line, the words.
Nor shall any corporal punishment be imposed by
such sentence othor than imprisonment, or hard
labor, or both.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On page 39, article
one hundred and four, I move to strike out
what follows the word "Army," in the second
line. I do not care about striking out the
proviso, and I suppose it will be unnecessary.
The Chief Clerk read the clause proposed
to be stricken out, as follows :
And to amend the general regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Army, or make new regulations, as
the circumstances of the service may require.
So that the article will read:
The l'resident of the United States shall have
power to prescribe the uniform of the Army: Pro-
vided, That no regulations or orders shall be made
in conflict with the Rules and Articles of War, or
with any specific act of Congress.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This is the same ques-
tion that was raised by the amendment that
was moved by the Senator from Massachusetts
and withdrawn. The power is^given specific-
ally to Congress in words which are familiar
to all the members of the Senate. The
power is:
"To makorules for the government and regulation
of the land and naval forces."
Obviously, this is a power to be exercised
by Congress itself, and not delegated to the
Secretary of War, the President, or any other
authority whatever. If they require any new
rules let them suggest them to Congress, and
of course if they are reasonable they can get
them enacted in a constitutional law. I think
this clause ought to be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no amendment
in regard to the one hundredth article, but I
take it to be a very indefinite and objectionable
one. It reads:
All crimes not capital, and all disorders and neg-
lects which officers or soldiers may be guilty of, to
the prejudice of good order and military discipline,
though not mentioned in these Utiles and Articles
of War, are to be taken cognizanco of by a court-
martial, according to the nature and degree of the
offense, and are_ to be punished at the discretion of
the court.
I think that is a very remarkable article. It
has no reference to the usages of war. There
is no reference to the military principles which
prevail in the administration of justice in times
of war or in military operations. Everything
is left indefinite and at the discretion of any
court that may be convened. It seems to me
this article ought not to be incorporated in the
general code, and left to the administration of
anybody who happens to hold a commission
under the United States, with authority to
convene a military court. I move to strike
out the article, unless some amendment of it
can be suggested.
Mr. FERRY. Why, Mr. President, I would
inquire of the chairman of the committee if
there is any article providing for the cog-
nizance of courts-martial over offenses to the
prejudice of good order and military discipline
besides this?
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ None at all.
Mr. FjlRRY. It is absolutely necessary in
time of war to have this discretion, however
dangerous it might be in time of peace.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This article also in-
cludes mere "neglects." It makes no refer-
ence to any military code or military usage.
It leaves everything perfectly at the discretion
of the tribunal in the case.
Mr. FERRY. But there is a military usage
as well known as the common law by which
courts-martial are guided.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But as this article is
drawn it does not refer to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Penn-
sylvania will pardon me, I suggest to him that
that very article in totidem verbis has been in
force for a period of sixty-two yeais. It is in
these very words in the old Articles of War of
1806, being the ninth article there. It has not
done any hurt so far.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to strike out the one hundredth article.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the tenth
article, which reads in these words:
No officer shall be tried but by. a general court-
martial, nor by officers of an inferior ranis, if, m the
judgment of the officer appointing the court, it can
be avoided, without detriment to the public service.
Now, sir, I should like to know, under this
provision, how the General of the Army or the
Lieutenant General of the Army could be tried
by court-martial? I suppose. if those high offi-
cers committed offenses deserving of punish-
ment that they are the most proper of all sub-
jects to receive it, and I think the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
ought to devise some mode by which a tribunal
that would be competent to try both of those
officers should be formed.
Mr. FERRY. The subject of this article,
which has always been in the Articles of War,
is to prevent a court being constituted of in-
terested fryers, so that inferior officers shall
not try their superior, and convict him, and
rise and take his place. There is no difficulty
whatever in trying the General of the Army,
because in that case it would fall within the
concluding clause of the article, whereby an
an officer may be tried by officers of an in-
ferior rank if it cannot be avoided.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator read the
provision to which he has just referred that
provides for that?
Mr. FERRY. The concluding clause of the
tenth article provides that a superior officer
may be tried by inferiors, where the placing of
inferiors upon the court-martial cannot be
avoided without detriment to the public ser-
vice. It is in the article itself.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not interpret it as my
honorable friend does. It reads:
No officer shall be tried but by a general court-
martial, nor by officers of an inferior rank, if, in the
judgment of the officer appointing the court, it can
be avoided without detriment to the public service.
What does that mean? The language is
obscure, I think, in its reading and sense. Sup-
pose, now, the General of the Army was to
commit a military offense for which he ought
to be subject to a court-martial, who would be
the officer that would direct the convening of
a court-martial to try him?
Mr. FERRY. The President of the United
States.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the President of the
United States could direct a court-martial in
any case and in every case. I think so because
he is the Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
and he may do any and every act that a com-
mander-in-chief of the British armies could
do, according to my judgment of the Consti-
tution. I do not think it is very well expressed ;
but if that be the meaning of article ten, that
the President may order a court, be it so. I
will withdraw that motion ; and I ask the hon-
orable Senator's attention to another objection
which I take. Article twelve provides for mil-
itary commissions, and it gives the military
commissions more authority than it does the
regular courts-martial. Article six provides
for courts-martial as follows :
Any general officer commanding an army in tho
field, or other officcrnot below the grade of colonel
commanding a geographical division, a department,
or district, may appoint general courts-martial when-
ever necessary. But no sentence of any court-mar-
tial shall be carried into execution until after the
whole proceedings shall have been laid before tho
officer ordering the same, or his successor in office.
Now, I ask the attention of the honorable
Senator to this part of the article :
Neither shall any sentence of a general court-mar-
tial in time of peace, extending to the loss of life or
the dismissal of an officer, or which shall, either in
time of peace or war, respect a general officer, bo
carried into execution until after thewholeproceed-
ings shall have been transmitted to the Judge Advo-
cate General, to be laid before the Secretary of War
for the orders of the President of the United States
in the case.
Article twelve provides for military commis-
sions, as follows:
In time "of war or public danger military com-
missions may be constituted, and shall havejurisdie-
tion overall offenses and offenders against the com-
mon laws of war not cognizable by courts-martial.
Such courts shall be appointed in the same manner
and by tho same authority; shall consist of the like
