SUPPLEMENT TO
eourae, leave the office without an incumbent
for ant indefinite period of time, thus leaving
its' duties wholly unperformed ; thus wholly-
defeating the commands of the law, and the
people in the mean time may-be deprived of
the benefits of the law.
It is absurd to call this taking care that the
■ laws be faithfully executed; it is the exact
reverse of it, and-proves the futility of the claim.
Again, if this clause gives him the power of
thus rendering an office vacant and continuing
it vacant, (no matter under what pretext,) it
gives him full, complete, and unlimited power
to constitute and create, of his own will, the
agents by whom the laws shall be executed ;
for, if the clause imparts any power whatever,
it is unlimited, and undefined. The language
is, " shall take care that the law,? be faithfully
executed." The means are not mentioned,
and if they are not to be looked for in the other
clauses relating to the President, then, I repeat,
if the clause grants any power whatever, it is
without limitation and supreme. He may resort
to any means he chooses. He may give a let-
ter of authority to any person to do the acts
required by the law, and this without any
reference to the Senate. He may appoint as
well as remove at will; and he becomes, so far
as the execution of the laws is concerned, an
autocrat and the government an absolutism.
The modeof constituting the officers ofthe law,
pointed out by the appointment clause, becomes
u positive superfluity, a dead letter ; and he
may totally, and without incurring the least
responsibility, disregard it. And this is what
ho has do e in ten distinct instances in appoint-
ing provisional governors for the rebel States,
tho boldest invasion of the power of Congress
ever before attempted, tending directly to a one-
man despotism.
]t is 110 reply to say that, the claim of power
under this clause is confined, or should be
conlioiid. merely to the power of removing an
officer, and that it does not or should not ho
oxfended to creating an officer or assent. If
it.grants tohimihe power of causing the laws to
bo faithfully executed—which is the whole claim
in its essence and realily.as no one can deny—
it is impossible to make any distinction between
si removal and an appointment or authorization.
Both are in their nature equally necessary,
equally incidental, indispensable to that end.
f am in error: an appointment or ail author-
ization is by far Ihc more necessary.
And if this claim is well founded, why can
he not of his own motion levy and collect
taxes, under pretense of taking care that the
laws are executed '! 11 is a most obvious means
of so doing.
Again, it is of the nature of legislative power
to prescribe by what instruments the commands
of the law shall be performed. But for the
power of appointment specifically laid down
in the Constitution, the legislative power,
granted wholly to the two Houses, might have
been employed in creating the officers as well
as the offices. The appointment alone is with-
held from the category of legislative powers
granled by the Constitution to the two Houses.
The President has 110 partieleof these powers,
but only the power of naming and commission-
ing ineuuibeuts. The functions to be performed,
the modes and manner of performing them, the
duration of the term of tenure, all the duties
and liabilities belonging to the office, are created
and defined by the legislative power solely. All
admit this: the office and all its duties, all its
functions, all its responsibilities, are purely
and exclusively the creations of the law, and
lie within the legislative power granted to
Congress. The mode, tho agencies, the instru-
mentalities of carrying iuto effect the law, are
but a part of the law itself.
Now. if the President can, by virtue of the
clau'v lequuinghim to take care that the laws
be fai'lrfully executed, constitute and appoint
agent? to carry the laws into effect, and may
do tlii- without the concurrence of the Senate;
if he may do it even in cases where Congress
has omitted to create an office for that purpose,
whj may he not declare and define the func-
tions, -duties, and liabilities of such agents and
the duration of their terms? Of course he may;
and thus all that portion ofthe legislative power
relating to the creation of offices and of officers
to execute the laws is surrendered to him—
completely abstracted from the general mass
of legislative powers granted to Congress by
the first section of article one of the Constitu-
tion ; thus making the clause requiring him to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed
utterly repugnant to and contradictory of the
terms of thatgeneral grant oflegislative powers.
Such a mode of interpreting the Constitution
—a mode that annuls and destroys one part in
order to give a favorite meaning to another—
is contrary to all the established rules of inter-
pretation, and is suicidal and absurd to the last
degree. It is, indeed, a total overthrow of the
system of government under which we line. It
seeks by cunning glosses and Jesuitical construc-
tions to establish and maintain absolutism—
the one-man power—when the fathers of the
Constitution fondly imagined they had put up
firm barriers against it.
It is true that the First Congress, in 1789, did,
as the President's answer sets up, by the act
organizing the Department of State, recognize
and admit the power of removal in the Presi-
dent. But it must not be forgotten that this
legislative construction of the Constitution was
sanctioned by a minority of only twelve in the
House, while the Senate was equally divided
upon it, tho casting vote being given by John
Adams, the Vice President. This state of the
vote shows plainly that the opinion thus ex-
pressed by the two Houses was but an opinion,
and that it was contested and resisted by a very
powerful opposition. The dispute has con-
tinued from that day, and the ablest intellects
of the country have been ranged 011 the respect-
ive sides; Sherman, Alexander Hamilton,
Webster, Clay, and others of the highest emi-
nence as jurists against the power; Madison
and numerous others of great ability in favor
of it. U has never been a settled question.
Mr. Webster tolls us that, on the passage of
the act of 17811, it-was undoubtedly the great
popularity of President Washington and the
unlimited confidence the country reposed in
him that insured the passage of the bill by
moderating the opposition to it; and the his-
tory of the times confirms the comment. It
was the beginning of the Us mota. And so
doubtful has the power ever since been consid-
ered that there seems to have been no distinct
ease of removal by the President during the
session ofthe Senate but by making to them a
new nomination. In a speech made by Mr.
Webster in the Senate in lb85, on this same
question, I10 says:
" The power of placing one man in office licecssa-
rily implies tho power of turning another out. If
ono man be Secretary of State and another be ap-
pointed, the first goes out by tho mere force of the
appointment of the other, without any previous act
of removal whatever. And this is tho practice of the
Government, and lias been from the first. In all the
removals which have been made, they have gener-
ally been effected .simply by making othor appoint-
ments. I can tind not a case to the contrary. T!a>re
it no trnch thiay as any distinct official act of removal.
1 have looked into the praotico, and caused inquiries
to be made in tho Departments, and I do not learn
that any sucli proceeding is known as nn entry or
record ofthe removal of an officer from office."
I have shown that this power of removal by
the President solely is unauthorized by any
clause of the Constitution, and that the claim
hasjiiever been acquiesced in by the country.
The Supreme Court has never passed upon it.
As a distinct question it has never been passed
upon by any court. It is, therefore, without
judicial sanction, whatever such a sanction
may be worth, for it should be remembered
that judges are but fallible men, and courts
often overrule their own opinions on the same
question. The peace of society requires that
in questions of private right the decisions of
courts should be respected, and should be uni-
form ; but in a purely political question like
the present—a question relating solely to the
respective powers of the various branches of
the Government—the great and final arbiter
must be enlightened reason, drawing its con-
clusions from the intentions and objects of the
framers of the Constitution, to be gathered
from the language they employ, and the his-
torical circumstances which inspired their
work.
In this light I cannot regard what is called
the legislative construction of 1789 as of any
weight in the discussion. The public mind has
been equally divided upon it ever since. Is
not the legislation of 1867, therefore, emitled
to at least equal' respect as a legislative con-
struction ? The House and the Senate of 1867
were equally enlightened, equally capable of
forming a correct opinion, far more numerous,
and expressed their opinion with far greater
unanimity. Is not this precedent even of
greater weight than the former, as a legislative
construction ? And why may not one legisla-
tive construction be as potent to settle a dis-
puted constitutional question as another? And
why may it not completely set aside that other ?
The authority is the same in both cases, and
if the one opinion is entitled to more weight
than the other, it can only be because of the
greater numbers and greater unanimity.
The next question which arises is, if the
President has not the power in question, and
it belongs jointly to the President and the Sen-
ate, can Congress by statute regulate its exer-
cise, as they have assumed to do in the tenure-
of-office act of 1807 ?
But little time need, I think, be spent upon
this inquiry.
The President and Senate have, as I have
shown, the power to remove. The invest-
ing this power in them is investing it "in
the Government of the United States" as fully
and completely as if it were vested in the
three branches, namely, the legislative, the
executive, and the judicial, altogether; and
this brings the ease within the clause which
declares that—
"Congress shall have power to pass all laws neces-
sary anil proper for carrying into execution tho fore-
going powers, and all other powers vested by this
Constitution in the Government of the United States,
or m any Department or otiicer thereof."
This power of legislation was manifestly
intended to cover every power granted by the
instrument, whether express or implied. No
one can read the Constitution without coming
to the conclusion that the power of legislation
thus to be exercised in futherance of powers
granted was intended to be, and is, in fact,
coextensive with those powers. A naked power
granted to the Government—that is, to any
department or officer of the Government, for
b'oth expressions mean the same thing—with-
out the means of carrying it into effect by
legislation, would, indeed, be preposterous.
It would be forever a dormant, ineffectual
power, as useless as if it had never been del-
egated.
There is no ground here to dispute about
the words of this important clause. They are
"vested in the Government of tho United
States, or in any department or officei; thereof."
A power vested in either of the two Houses,
in both jointly, in the President, in the courts,
the judges, or in individuals, is as much "vested
in the Government of the United States" as
if conveyed " to the Government'' in so many
words; for they would, quo ad hoc, represent
and act for the whole Government—indeed,
would be the Government in using the power.
Hence the grant ofthe power of removal to the
President and Senate is a grant to the Govern-
ment. The addition ofthe words "orinanyde-
partment or officer thereof" cannot, therefore,
be held to confer any power not embraced in the
preceding words, "vested in the Government,''
but is only made from abundant caution, and
to give, if possible, greater clearness, certainty,
and comprehensiveness to the expression. It
was to make sure that Congress should legis-
late for the purpose of carrying into execution
all the powers granted, whether granted to one
person or set of persons, or to another.
It is believed that this principle has never
been denied. The whole current, of Federal
legislation proceeds from this fountain ; and it
is evident that the clause was inserted to
