36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 26,
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
Heport of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong 2d Sess.
also promoted, and other advantages secured
whicli commend the invention to favorable
notice.
The nnmber of packages of" postage stamps
lost in the mails during the year ending June
30, 18G7, was nineteen, representing $3,830.
The number of packages of stamped envelopes
lost during the same period was seven, valued
at SI,I'll  0.
During the year twenty-eight cases of claims
on account of robberies by armed forces have
been acted on. Twenty-four of these, amount-
ing to $6,064 05, have been allowed, and four,
amounting to $383 27, have been disallowed.
CONTRACTS.
There were in the service of the Department
on the 80th June, 1867, 6,370 contractors for
the transportation of the mails.
Of mail routes in operation there were
7,743; aggregate length, 203,245 miles;
aggregate annual transportation, 78,982,78'J
miles ; aggregate annual cost, $9,330,286 ;
including the compensation of postal railway
clerks, route agents, local agents, mail mes-
sengers, mail-route messengers, and baggage
masters in charge of mails, namely. $1,020,-
871, the aggregate annual cost was $10,357,-
157. This service was divided as follows :
Railroad routes: Length, 34,015 miles;
annual transportation, 32,437,900 miles; an-
nual cost, $3,812,000; about 11.75 cents per
mile.
Steamboat routes: Length, 15,094 miles ;
animal transportation, 3,210,740 miles ; an-
nual cost, $472,200 ; about 14.7 cents per
mile.
Celerity, certainty, and security routes:
Length, 153,136 miles; annual transportation,
43,334.140 miles; annual cost, $5,051,480;
about 11.65 cents per mile.
The length of routes was increased over the
preceding year 22,324 miles ; the annual trans-
portation, 7,144,875 miles; and cost $1,705,-
812; to which add increased cost for railway
postal clerks, route, local, and other agents,
$241,161, makes an aggregate of $1,946,973.
LEGISLATIVE CONTRACTS.
San Francisco to Portland, by Sea.
By a joint resolution of Congress approved
February 18, 1867, the Postmaster General
was "authorized to employ ocean mail service
between San Francisco, California, and Port-
land, Oregon, not less than three times a month,
in continuation of the service from New York
via Panama to San Francisco; provided that
the cost of said service shall not exceed $25,000
per annum." The resolution further directed
that bids for the service bo invited by adver-
tisement in newspapers published at. San Fran-
cisco, California, and Portland, Oregon. In
compliance with the provisions of this enact-
ment an advertisement was prepared under date
of February 25, 1867, and inserted in the news-
papers directed, and also in one printed in New
York, inviting proposals for service from July
1, 1867, to June 30, 1870. Cut one bid was
received, that of the California, Oregon, and
Mexican Steamship Company', at $25,000 per
annum, which was accepted J une 6, 1867, and
contracts have since been executed.
Lincoln to Portland, by Land.
The Fortieth Congress adopted "a resolution
to terminate a contract of a member of Con-
gress with the Post Office Department," which
was approved by the President March 26, 1867.
This resolution authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral "to cancel the contract between the
United States and the present contractor for
the transportation of the mail on route No.
14782, between Lincoln, California, and Port-
land, Oregon, to take effect September 30,
1867.'' and directs that the Department "adver-
tise for bid's for the performance of the service
for the residue of the contract term'' in Call-
fornia and Oregon newspapers.
An advertisement was accordingly issued
April 4,18S7, and published as directed, invit-
ing proposals for the service from October 1,
1867, to June 30, 1870, under which advertise-
ment bids were received from three persons,
the lowest being that of Jesse C. Carr^of San
Francisco, at $196,000 per annum, which was
accepted August 5, 1867.
The compensation under the contract super-
seded by this legislation was $179,000.
OVERLAND AND TERRITORIAL MAIL.
No changes have been made in the overland
California mail since the last annual report,_at
whicli time the Department was having daily
service from the ends of the railroad, by both
the Smoky Hill and Platte routes, as far as
Denver, where the lines united and formed the
single daily route via Salt Lake City and Vir-
ginia City to the Central Pacific railroad con-
nection.
During the spring and summer months the
complaints as to tlu: manner in which the ser-
vice was being performed, and the great delay
in the arrival of mail from the Bast at Denver
and Salt, Lake, were more numerous and press-
ing than at any time since the present route
has been in operation. It was charged that
the Indian troubles, complained of by the con-
tractor and given by his agents as an excuse
for non-pertormanee of service, were a pre-
tense, and that there was no reason why the
mails should not be conveyed regularly and
within schedule time. The otlieial reports,
however, of General Sherman and other ollicers
of the Army, referred by the Secretary of War
to this Department, proved conclusively that
the most serious troubles did exist on the
Plains, and that there was no safety for either
passengers oruiails except under ample military
escort, which could not. be furnished daily. A
special agent of the Department, lately sent,
over the route for the express purpose of
reporting as to the manner in which the service
bad been performed during the summer, and
also as to its present condition, has under dale
of November 4, 1867, made his report, which
is accompanied by the affidavit of the postmas-
ters at the principal oflices on the route, and
also by the ,-latements of several ollicers com-
manding military stations on the line. The
burden of this proof is summed up as well,
perhaps, in the affidavit of the postmaster at
Denver as in any of the other papers submitted,
lie says:
" On that portion of the route from Denver to
Omaha City, or tcrmmus of railroad, Indian troubles
of a serious miture commenced as early us February
10, and, notwithstanding tho contractor, supported
by the military, nut torth every effort in his power
to clear tho road and keep it open, no mail was le-
ociverl at this office over that route from February
2,'i to Murcli 2. During tho month of March our regis-
ters shoiv eighteen failures. From June 8 to Septem-
ber 1 regular trips were made on alternate days, and
fioin that d.i.t.e to the piesonfc wo have bait daily ser-
vice, [ iini reliably in termed that the delay was, in
many instances, caused by Iom of stock driven ott by
hostile Indian*. at points where it was impossible to
replace it without prolonged delay. This was more
especially the case on the route from Denver to Salt
Lake City. Late in the winter tho Union Pacific
railioad was blockaded by snow, followed soon by
high water, which caused another delay of three
weeks and the diversion of the mail from the Platte
to the Smoky Ilitl line. From the best information
I can obtain thocauscs of alt of the detentions and
irregularities complained of were unavoidable on the
part of tho contractor, and of such a character as to
have precluded the possibility of any man or set of
men making regular tiips over the route, unless
securely guarded by an armed force of considerable
magnitude."
From papers submitted by the contractor to
the inspection division it would appear that
from April 1 to August 15 the Indians robbed
him of three hundred and fifty head of stage
stock, burned twelve of his stage stations,
with large amounts of giain and hay, destroyed
three coaches and express wagons, severely
wounded several of his passengers, and killed
outright thirteen of his most reliable employes.
The Santa Fe route, although more fortu-
nate than the overland, was also besieged by
Indians during the greater part of the summer.
Several of the stations were robbed of their
stock, which of couiw seriously delayed the
transmission of mail matter. At this date,
however, the route is working well, and the
registers show that the service is being' per-
formed even within the lately shortened sched-
ule time, which gives great satisfaction to the
residents of the entire Territory.
A daily mail having been ordered r>n the
route from Salt Lake to the Dalles, Washing-
ton Territory, letters and papers from the
East for northern Oregon and Washington are
distributed so as to be forwarded by that line.
Contracts for the overland and the Dalles
routes expire September 30, 1868, and the
usual advertisements inviting proposals for the
service are about being issued by the Depart-
ment.
The importance of a mail over the old south-
ern overland route from El Paso, Texas, by
Tucson and Yuma, to Los Angeles being urged
upon the Department, route 17408, originally
let from Mesilla to Tucson, was extended, at
pro rata pay, to Los Angeles, and the number
of trips increased to three per week. This has
proved a source of great benefit to persons liv-
ing on the line of the route, who had been for
five years cut off from any more direct com-
munication with California than by sending
their letters by stage fifteen hundred miles to
St. Joseph, to be again transmitted two
thousand miles by the same conveyance to
San Francisco.
With the view of affording more direct mail
communication between Chicago, St. Paul, and
other important points, and the Territories of
Montana, Idaho, and Washington, route No.
13811, from Fort Abercrombie to Helena, was
advertised for the spring letting of 1867, and
duly awarded to contract, for a three-times-a-
week service, to the lowest bidders. By this
route, it was claimed, six hundred miles in
distance would be saved between Chicago and
Helena, as compared with the more indirect
one via Salt Lake City. Unfortunately, how-
ever, both for the communities interested and
the contractors, the Indian hostilities have
been so fierce and unrelenting on nearly the
whole line, with not even an attempt, at mili-
tary protection, that what little mail matter
was trusted to it has been conveyed by ponies,
traveling over sonic portions of the route only
at night; and therefore, instead of short-
ening the time between the points named, it
has been more than doubled. The service, as
now performed on the route, is of no value to
the Department, and unless a marked im-
provement shall take place by spring it will
be discontinued.
RATES OF l'AJf AND WEIGHTS OF MAILS ON RAILROAD
ROUTKS.
There are three acts of Congress which con-
tain provisions prescribing the rates of com-
pensation which shall be allowed for the trans-
portation of mails on railroad routes. By the
first, approved July 7, 1838, section two, the
Postmaster General is authorized to cause the
mail to be transported upon "each and every
railroad within the limits of the United States
which now is, or hereafter may be, made and
completed," "provided he can have it done
upon reasonable terms, and not paying there-
for, in any instance, more than twenty-five per
cent, over and above what similar transporta-
tion would cost in post coaches.'' The second,
approved January 25, 1839, section one, re-
stricts the authority vested in the Postmaster
General by the act above quoted, so as not to
permit him to allow more than $300 per mile
per* annum to any lailroad company in the
United States for the conveyance of one or
more daily mails upon their "roads. And the
third, approved March 3, 1845, section nine-
teen, prescribes that—
•,n!lT<in?taU5r; as $ar as may bc. Practicable, an equal
and just rate of compensation, according to the
nn'ni^einetrb°/ue!' w?"s tho railroad com -
■ il nIlecl,.bta es tor the transportation of
!£.?i ? ! .*,, j°,(- ° ,'lut,y of ,tbe Postmaster Gen-
Vi° au(in eand divide the railroad routes, includ-
ing those ni wluch the service is partly by railroad
and partly by steamboats, into three classes, aceoid-
