1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.3685
number of officers with, a judge advocate; shall bo
liable to the same restrictions and challenges, and
shall possess the same powers and privileges for reg-
ulating their proceedings and compelling the attend-
ance of parties and witnesses at courts-martial. And
the sentences of sach military commissions may be
confirmed and executed by the officer ordering the
court or his successor in office, or by a common
superior, who shall have power also to pardon or to
mitigate such sentences, as provided in the case 01
courts-martial.
Now, I suppose that a military commission
■would be authorized to dismiss a general from
office by its sentence; a court-martial would
not. If it were to deprive an officer of his
rank, dismiss him. from the service, or sentence
him to death, before that sentence could be
executed the whole proceeding would have to
be sent to the Judge Advocate General, to be
laid, through the Secretary of War, before the
President for his approval. Such is not the
requisition in reference to sentences of military
commissions. If they dismiss an officer who
is of the grade of general from the Army, the
officer who ordered the convening of the mil-
itary commission would have the power to
confirm the sentence without any appeal to the
President, or without giving him any opportu-
nity of revising and reversing the sentence. Ifc
seems to me there is an incongruity between
the two provisions, and that the regular courts-
inartial would have a better right to have their
sentences absolute and unrepealable than the
military commissions. I think that ought to
be corrected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out this article.
Thi amendment was rejected.
'ill e bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. There is one feature in these
articles that I do not like. 1 have not had an
opportunity of reading them carefully ; and if
I had that opportunity, whether I should object
to them or not would be a matter of very lit-
tle moment. But the first article, which regu-
lates the oaths that are to be taken by Army
officers, amounts to an absolute proscription
of all men who were engaged in the rebel ser-
vice. I do not think that is very wise justice,
although it may be stern justice. I think that
the subject of bringing men who were engaged
in rebellion into the Army of the United
States tray be safely left to the appointing
power, the President and the Senate ; but this
form of oath forever proscribes every man who
was engaged in the rebel service. I think it
is time for the obduracy and the extremity of
that feeling to relax. I admit that there are
not many of them that I at present would be
willing to bring into the military service of the
United States; but 1 know a few in whose
fidelity to the Government, if they were brought
in, 1 would trust as soon as I would that of
most men. But it yearns to me that it is time
that a great conquering party were exercising
clemency. We have all read of Ccesar, one
of the greatest men and one of the greatest
military commanders that the world has ever
produced. Of all his great and noble quali-
ties his clemency was that which commended
him most to the consideration and esteem of
the Roman people. I think that it looks too
prescriptive, too inexorable, too unrelenting to
introduce these oaths into the ilules and Arti-
cles of War ; and I think that everything that
could be necessary in the exclusion of men who
went into the rebel service might be fully ac-
complished by leaving the whole subject-matter
to the appointing power of the Government.
Gentlemen, no doubt, would differ with me. I
merely express this sentiment with a view of
announcing that which I feel, and for no other
purpose.
Mr. BUCKALEW. By the eleventh article
it is provided that—
Gen eral courts-martial sh al 1 have j urisdiction over
all military offenses and' offenders.
Then by the ninety-seventh article it is pro-
vided that—
All officers, soldiers, teamsters, or otffer persons
whomsoever, receiving pay or hire m the service ot
the United States in connection with the Army, as
also all sutlers, traders, Army contractors, and other
40th Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 225,
followers of the Army, and all citizens voluntarily
residing or entering on any of the military and
Indian reservations with clearly-defined boundaries,
shall be governed by these rules and articles, and
shall be subjectto be tried by courts-martial or mili-
tary commissions in like manner with the officers
and soldiers in the service of the United States."
There you have a complete claim of juris-
diction conferred in strong general terms.
Now, what I desire to call particular attention
to is the twelfth article, which reads as follows:
In time of war or public danger—
which may not be a time of war—
military commissions may be constituted, and shall
have jurisdiction over all offenses and offenders
against the laws of war not recognizable by courts-
martial.
That is a very extraordinary article. I ven-
ture to say that nothing like that will be found
in the Rules and Articles of War heretofore
adopted in this country. The article goes on
to say:
Such courts shall be appointed in the same man-
ner and by the same authority; shall consist of the
like number of oSicers, with a judge advocate; shall
be liable to the same restrictions and challenges;
with further provisions for the enforcement of
the sentences. Now, sir, we are familiar with
the system which is provided for by the eleventh
and ninth articles. All military offenses and
military offenders may be taken possession of
by courts-martial, and by the ninety-seventh
article we extend that jurisdiction over team-
sters and camp-followers, Army contractors,
and persons who may be temporarily within
military possessions or within camp limits.
What, then, is the necessity l'or the twelfth
article?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires to
strike out the words " public danger " I have
110 objection to that; but certainly within the
limits of the Army in time of war it is neces-
sary to have some such provision as that, and
the Supreme Court have settled the question
outside of the limits of the Army in the decis-
ion made in the Indiana case.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will move to strike
out the words " public danger."
Mr. PERRY. And insert "insurrection"
in lieu thereof.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes; so as to read " war
or insurrection.'1 Insurrection would be war,
or might be war.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that amendment in article twelve,
line one, to strike out the words "public
danger " and insert " insurrection so as to
read: "In time of war or insurrection military
commissions may be constituted," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That will remove one
objection to the article. I suppose it is un-
necessary for me to raise the question of these
military commissions as distinct from courts-
martial, and point out the absence of any
necessity which can justify their institution. I
have simply called attention to this article with
a desire of expressing my view upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know precisely
how far the Senator having this bill in charge
means to shut the door. But particularly as
a question has been raised upon it, I think it
is well to examine this article a little in one or
two other respects which I have been thinking
of. Now, although "insurrection" is substi-
tuted for "public danger" 
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator wants more
time I will move an executive session, and let
! this bill go over until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish much time;
and I will remind the Senator that this is the
first time I have made a suggestion about this
bill, and I intend to make it very brief.
Mr. POMEROY. I only made the sugges-
tion with a view to having an executive session
in case the Senator desired time.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the bill at all; but I desire to make
a single suggestion about this point, which, I
think, it is well to think of now. Although
"insurrection'" has been substituted for the ex?
pression "public danger," it will be observed,
firsts th0'1' military commissions are not to be
confined to the theater of war, at all, and
for this purpose I assume that the provision
is that they shall exist only in time of war.
That limits them in time; but speaking of
space, they may range the realms. There is
nothing confining their action to the theater
of war. acLual or constructive. Thajt is one
proposition.
There is another suggestion to which I ask
the attention of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The provision is, that
these tribunals shall have jurisdiction over all
offenses and offenders against the laws of war
not cognizable by courts-martial. It will be
absurd that if only those instances of offense
were contemplated covered by the eleventh
article and the ninety-seventh article, this arti-
cle would be entirely surplusage. If the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will give me his atten-
tion at this moment I shall be obliged to hin>,
because this is a matter which has been very
much discussed, and which has led to great
disturbance and ill-feeling in the portions of
the country with which I am most familiar. I
say that there is nothing confining the opera-
tion of this article to persons connected with
the military service or in the military service.
If it were so confined, it would be entirely sur-
plusage, because article eleven and article
ninety-seven bring within the jurisdiction of
courts-martial every offense known to the Rules
and Articlesof War committed bya person sub-
ject to those articles, so that the Senator will
see that it follows that this article is specially
leveled at men who in no sense are subject, to
the Rules and Articlesof War; so that standing
as it does the section may, and I think should,
be construed to mean that in time of war or
insurrection a civilian, a private citizen, wholly
disconnected with military operations or mili-
tary obligations, and widely removed from the
theater of war, may be tried for an offense
committed against these articles, or denounced
by the articles before a military commission.
If that is the intention of the committee, the
design is to take issue with a very powerful
current of sentiment and of somewhat enlight-
ened opinion in this country.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. I would ask the
Senator from New York whether the difficulty
would not be met by adding after '•courts-
martial" the words, "committed within the
theater of war?"
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I think that
would be a very wholesome restriction, if the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs has no objection to it.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to accept that.
That is what I suppose, according to the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court, would be the con-
struction of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be so construed;
but you had better put those words in.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it is very well
to put them in; and if they may be put m
by consent, I wish to make one other sugges-
tion which will take but a moment. _ It will
be observed, that even with that addition, im-
proving the section very much, as 1 think it
| does, there is still room for this criticism: per-
I sons within the theater of war so disconnected
with military operations that they do not fall
within the range of the constitutional provis-
ion on that subject, nor within the range ot
: these other articles, are still anienable to trial
and punishment before a military commis-
sion. That may be right; but let us see what
it means before we do it. Here was the case
of Clement L. Yallandigham, which would
fall, as I understand it, precisely within this
article as it stands. Perhaps that case should
fall within it; but by parity of reasoning the
Senator will see that other cases of a much
milder type than that would be, geographically
and in point of jurisdiction, so placed that this
' section would operate upon them. Unless that
be absolutely necessary, I think we had better
keep off that ground. ' , , ,
Mr WILSON. The Senator, I think, does
not mean to say that we do, not need Such a
provision as that. I thiplf this country would
