1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
153*
no man could safely bid for the work unless he was
sure of the favor of the architect. We think "fair
and equal competition for the work " on such specifi-
cations is impossible* He can alter or add to the work
as his discretion shall dictate, without appeal,
and work as he orders it, and fixes the price, must
be paid for.
3. As to the approval of the plans and specifica-
tions.
That there could be any "approval" of " perfected
plans" and specifications where none existed can-
not be pretended; but on this point the evidence is
conclusive. Mr. Mullet, one of those whose approval
of the " perfected plans'' for the entire work was
required* was called before your committee, and, on
cross-examination by Mr, Faxon, the architect of
the Sail* stated that ho had seen "nothing but a
small sketch, one or two sections, and the elevation
of the building," on which " proper estimates could
not be made by anybody except the architect who un-
derstood the construction." In his direct examina-
tion he states that there was nothing approved by
the board but the "sketches," and that they were
not sufficiently developed to serve as a basis for a
contract, Mr. Clark, thesupervising architect of the
Capitol' extension, who was appointed one of the
said board of three to approve the perfected plan
for the entire work, confirms by his testimony that
given by Mr. Mullet, that the said board never ap-
proved anything but sketches, showing on a small
scale the general arrangement of the building.
Mr. Faxon's own testimony shows that General
Meigs did not sign any approval even of thesketches.
Much more evidence might be cited, but this is
enough.
Fifth. Were there complete specifications of the
work and the material to be used prepared and ap-
proved, so that the building could be properly con-
structed within the maximum sum mentioned by
Congress, namely, ^200,000? This, as the previous
questions, must be answered in the negative.
1. It is not pretended that approved specifications
of "the work and materials" exist.
2. As to the cost. According to the testimony of
Mr. Allen, one of the contractors, the aggregate of
his contracts amounts to between one hundred and
fifty and one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. Wiedner testifies that his contracts amount to
between sixty and sixty-five thousand dollars. The
plastering contract amounts to between seven and
eight thousand dollars; making the aggregate of
all the contracts between two hundred and seven-
teen and two hundred and twenty-three thousand
dollars. About nine thousand dollars of the appro-
priation having been used up for architects' salaries
and incidentals, theie would be a deficiency in the
appropriation, to satisfy theeontracts, of from twenty-
six to forty-two thousand dollars, without making any
allowance for the salaries of the architect, draughts-
man. and superintendent, from this time on till the
building be completed, and without allowing a dollar
extra for the cut-stonework, which, by the term ma-
sonry measurement, used in the contract for the stone
work, the contractor would be entitled to, according
to the testimony of Mr. Mullet and others. The tes-
timony shows that the extras to which the contractor
would bo entitled, under this head alone, would
amount to over forty-eight thousand dollars; thus
increasing the aggregate of the contracts to between
seventy-two and ninety thousand dollars beyond the
appropriation.
The foundation walls, according to the plans, were
to be two leetnine inches in thickness. The testi-
mony, and a personal examination of the walls now
laid, show that the architect, by the extraordinary
power vested in him by the specifications which have
been made a part ot the contracts, has had those
walls put in about four feet in thickness, thus in-
creasing the cost fifty per cent.; and the testimony
shows that by virtue of this same power the architect
could run the cost of the building up almost without
limit. In fact, Mr. Oertly, assistant architect of the
Treasury Department, and Mr. Frazier, a distin-
guished architect of Philadelphia, with Captain A.
Grant and others, at the request of the committee,
made estimates of the cost of the jail, as it is now lot,
and they concur, that to complete it, as it should be.
on the present plans and specifications, will cost over
four hundred thousand dollars. Your committeesee
no use of requiring perfected plans of the entire work
to be completed and approved with a view of pre-
venting unreasonablJRost, and still leave it in the
power of the architect to increase the same at his
pleasure. t
A few extracts from the specifications of Mr, Faxon
will show the power vested in him, or which he re-
serves to himself. On page 3 is this clause:
"The work will be done in accordance with the
designs and detail drawings of Eben Faxon, archi-
tect, and under his supenision, guided, where no
specific directions or details are given, by these gen-
eral specifications,"
The law required "particular" specifications, not
"general." On the same page is the following;
"In all cases of uncertainty or dispute in the ex-
ecution of the work the architect is the umpire to
decide upon the matter. He is also the person tode-
cide and givo directions in all things where thew-ords
4 as may be directed' or 4 as directed' are used or
applied; also where the words ' proper^ or suita-
ble'or ' required,'of words of similar import, are
used, the decision as to what constitutes such pro-
priety, suitableness, requirement, &c., is in all cases
to bo with the architect." ,
The law required that everything should be desig-
nated, and not left open to thediscretionof the archi-
tect, to " be directed" as required, and that whatever
wa-s suitable or required should be specified.
And on pages 8 and 9is theswecping claim;
Second, It is not anticipated that there will beany
alterations, additions, ov omissions m the works
40th Com. 2d Sess.—No. 97.
herein specified, but, should the architect deem them
proper or necessary during the progress of the work,
such alterations, additions, or omissions are to bo
acceded to by the eontractoror contractors andcarried
into effect, without vitiating or annulling, in any
respect, any contractor contracts before entered into
or made for the works; and the value of such altera-
tions, additions, or omissions is to be determined by
the architect, whose decision thereon shall be final;
and the sum or value thus determined upon is to be
added to or deducted from (either way, as the case
may be) the contract by indorsement thereon.
Such arespecimens of the extraordinary and illegal
powers claimed by the architect, with the sanction
of the Secretary of the Interior, ana actually vested
in him by the existing specifications and contracts.
More glaring violations of the letter and manifest
intention of the law could not well be conceived.
And thatitisreally contemplated, under thesweep-
ing clauses which have been quoted, to increase the
cost of the jail beyond two hundred thousand dollars,
or the present appropriation, appears beyond doubt
from the extract in the contract of Mr. Browning
with Mr. Allen:
" It is also agreed and understood by and between
the parties hereto that the said party of the second
part shall furnish any additional material and labor
at the above-named prices, should Congress dircct
and make the necessary appropriation therefor, in
or about the jail: Provided, That at any time it is
deemed for the interest of the United States to em-
ploy him."
Comment on this extract would he useless. It com-
bines, with the testimony of witnesses and the other
facts, to show not only that the jail, according to the
present contracts, cannot be erected for £200,000, but
that it isnotthe intention of theDepartmentand the
contractors that it should beerected for thatamount.
/Sixth. Was the advertising and letting of the jail
delayed until the plans and specifications were so
complete, together with a designation of the mate-
rial and work to be done, as to renderfair and intel-
ligible bidding possible?
This has already to a considerable extent been
answered. Several of the witnesses testiiy that it \
was impossible to make safe estimates or bids because
of the imperfections of the plans and specifications.
But this is not all. The evidence certainly tends to
show that some ot these contracts were obtained bv
fraud or undue influence. At least ^,Uu0 worth of
compensated influence presided over the bhthof Mi.
Allen's contract, and $10,000 stood ready to purchase
a report Irom your committee that would let this
scheme ot plunder haveits way.
One of the contractors, Mr. Charles F. Weidner, of
Chester, Pennsylvania, was an honest man. llis
countenance and his actions show it, and his integ-
rity is vouched for by honorable members 011 this
floor who have known him long. He came here as a
business man to attend to his business in a legitimate
way, bringing with him as an adviser a gentleman of
the highest integrity. They attended one meeting
of the committee, and had scarcely left the room
when one of them was approached by a man who
asked him if he had any influence with the chairman
of the committee, telling him at the same time that
there was any amount of money ready to be used to
secure a report lavorable to the contractors. The
other a few minutes alter was approached by Mr.
Allen with a similar statement, differing in unim-
portant particulars. In the latter case the amount of
money mentioned seems to have been £10,000. These
two men meet—each tells his experience to the other—
both are indignantat what hadhappened. Thecon-
tractor is advised by bin Iriendto expose the whole
thing at onee. The ad\iee is ncccpted. He comes
before the committee; gives his-testimony ; hi*friend
is senttor; gives his testimony, and the testimony of
the two that what thoy said occurred, notwithstand-
ing the contradiction made by Mr. Allen and other
interested parties.
But, aside irom this testimony, it is a remarkable
fact that the bidder, Mr. Allen, who employed attor-
neys on terms of intimacy with the Secretary of the
Interior and others connected with his Department,
obtained the laiger portion of the contract. How is
this to be explained except on the hypothesis "that
money was used?" And from all thefactsthere-can-
not be anyrational doubt that the bidding or letting
of the contract was not of that open and fair charac-
ter which the law contemplated.
Seventh. Was the contractlct to the lowest respon-
sible bidder? This hasnot been seriously contended.
The live lowest bids, ranging from one hnndiedand
forty-three thousand nine hundred and ninety-two
to one hundred and seventy-eight thousand seven
bundled andsixiy-threedollars, to furnish the mate-
rial and complete the entire work according to the
plans and specifications, were rejected bv the Secre-
tary on the ground of alleged irregularity, m that
they contained no specification of the material to be
By the very terms of the bids the bidders wore to
erect the jail in accordance with the plans and speci-
fications. These specifications requiie that "the
facings of the walls shall be of white marble, gran-
ite, or Seneca stone, backed with Sienite or Seneca
stone." The contract, as let, calls for Seneca stone,
the cheapest material of the three. It is therefore
evident that the Government could not have fared
worse as to the value or quality of the material to be
used had either of these five bids been accepted and
the contractors been permitted to use whichcver one
of those three kinds of stone he might have pre-
ferred. The testimony of several architects shows
conclusively that by the custom here a- contract
based on either of these bids would leave to the Gov-
ernment to choose which one of those three kinds
of stone should be used.
Mr. Mullett, in his testimony, says, "If I had ad-
vertised for proposals for a building and specified
several materials, and if I received bids that did not
specify the material, I should assume that it was
intended to give me the choice."
Mr. Clark's testimony on the point is as follows:
"Question. I believe the Governmentspeeified three
kinds of material to bo used—granite, marble, and
Seneca stone?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. And that some of the bidders did not
specify what materials they would use?
"Answer. That was thereason alleged by Mr. Faxon
for excluding those low bids.
"Question. In your opinion had not the Govern-
ment, under those circumstances, the right to desig-
nate what materials should be used?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Besides, the bidders whose bids were thus rejected,
or several of them, offered to furnish the necessary
bonds. Thcirresponsibility wasnotqucstionedbefore
your committee. The fact thatthey offered to furnish
bonds appears in their bids. Your committee can
see no reason for rejecting those bids, except for the
purpose of throwing the contracts, in direct violation
of law, into the hands of a higher bidder. And this
was just what wasdone. Considerit. First, the arch-
itect so words his specifications, by the use of" alter-
native terms, as to leave bidders to put in proposals
in reference to these terms. Then, when they do so,
he urges the rejection of the bids because they did
not designate what he had not designated, specify
where he had not specified, and a compliant Secre
tary agrees with him as to the rejection.
Mr. Olark, the Capitol architect, however, differed
from him, and recommended that at least an oppor-
tunity be given the lower bidders to name the mate-
rial—the stone which they proposed touse, But this
proposition might have prevented a favorite from
obtaining the contract, and it, of course, received
little or no attention.
Why was it that "the lowest responsible bidders
were not given the contract? The lawrequired that
they should haveit. To-day somconcof themshould
have it: and your committee are of the opinion that,
in view ot the mandatory terms of the law, Mr. Allen,
one of the higher biddeis, lias now no valid or just
contract—none that could be enforced in law or
equitv. ,
It thus appears that in no important particular has
the law been complied with ; andbencethccontracts
and proceedings under them must be illegal, and are
not binding on the United States.
Your committee should add that they examined in
person the work already done on the jail. In the
presence of several of the committee a crowbar was
thrust down over two feet into the sole mud in the
trench at the end of the unfinished wall. On this
soft mud the walls arecommcnced, without any foot-
ings whatever, and are built up very thick, with a
shell on each side, and the center filled in with small
stone—the very rubbish of the quarry. The mortar
used is utterly worthless, made of dirt instead or
sand, with a sprinkling of cement, and ail the adhe-
sive force it now has has been given it by the frost.
The walls are neither well bound together nor are
the joints well broke. They are simply a cheat on the
Government. The testimony of Mr. Oertly and others
is that the work alredy done is totally worthless and
must all be taken up. ,
The committee should not omit to state that some-
thing like ten thousand dollars have already been
expended by the Secretary in procuring these worth-
less plans and in advertising and other incidentals.
Besides this several thousand dollars have been paid,
| without any authority of law, to persons in no way
i recognizcd by the law—apparent favorites of the-Sec-
I retary or architect. It is worthy of attention in this
I connection that the commencement of the work was
] made by laying foundation walls in the winter,
i which are destroyed by frost, and the proofs render
I it obvious that the object in doing so was to hasten
! theadvancementofthejobsofar thatCongrcss would
j be deterred from interfering with this corrupt pro-
; ceediog. , 4 t x
[ The committee also conceive ltto be proper to state
1 that the common council of the city of Washington
j have directed such action to be taken in law, as well
as in Congress, as will prevent the erection or a jail
on the existing plans, specifications, and contracts.
I And heretofore a number of tax-payeis sipphed to
| the supreme court of the District of Columbia tor an
! injunction to retrain the letting of the contract, and
i the court onlyrefused tograntthein$unctionbccause
! the application was premature, holding that the time
I for the interference of the tax-payers would not ar-
| rive until nn attempt should bo made to levy and
I collect the£l00,00il ultimately ehargcableon the Dis-
; trict of Columbia. It is understood that should the
■ present contracts, or so-called contracts, be allowed
to go on, when an attempt shall be made to collect
1 the portion of the cost of the jail assessed to tne city
i ot Washington the court will be asked to restrain
1 its collection. Delay and litigation as respects its
i payment would arise, and. should the injunction be
' granted a large part of the cost ot the jail would
I be unprovided for, or, more accurately, the whole
I amount for its election would fall on the tmteu
! States. How much wiser and better it. will he. for
I Congress to prevent this result and all litigation by
:i a speedy and immediate correction of the wrongs
i complained of. The matter is now in its hands, and.
the established evils should oc promptly and deft-
1 nitely cured. . .
1 The question properly arises, on an examination
i of all the facts, whether the Secretary ot the inte-
' rior, with all the cares and perplexities of his office,
is a suitable person to bo charged with the control
of building this jail. He has been unable to> give it
much personal attention, hut has been obliged to
leave it chiefly to* subordinates, who seem to have
! been incompetent or otherwise unfit.^ He testifies
! that he had no knowledge of the business himself,
