38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 26,
Senate & Iio. of Reps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
numerous testimonials to the usefulness of such
an official production.
These first demands having been met, copies
of the map are for sale from the Department
(Second Assistant Postmaster General's bu-
reau) and from agents in Boston, Portland,
New York, and Philadelphia.
The next in the series, the map of the State
of New York and its immediate connections,
is nearly completed by the engraver and will
be issued this winter; and the third map, em-
bracing the States of Pennsylvania, New Jer-
sey, Delaware, Maryland, and the District of
Columbia, being well advanced, will follow
soon after.
FINES AND DEDUCTION'S.
The amount of fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of contractors for failures
and other delinquencies during the year was
$188,839 40, and the amount remitted for the
same period was $42,931 70, leaving the net
amount of lines and deductions $145,1)07 97.
MAIL-BAGS, LOCKS, AMD KEYS.
A table is annexed showing the number,
description, and cost of mail-bags, locks, and
keys purchased during the year; the amount
expended for mail bags being $80,4-10, which,
though an excess of $20,812 00 over the ex-
penditure of the previous year, is less by
$11,275 80 than that of the year next pre-
ceding.
THROUGH MAIL ROUTE BETWEEN WASHINGTON AND
NEW ORLEANS.
The through mails between Washington and
New Orleans are carried over the Orange and
Alexandria railroad between Washington and
Lynchburg, Virginia; the Virginia and Ten-
nessee railroad between Lynchburg and Bris-
tol, Tennessee; the Hast Tennessee and Vir-
ginia railroad between Bristol and Knoxville,
Tennessee; the Bast Tennessee and Georgia
railroad between Knoxville and Chattanooga,
Tennessee; the Nashville and Chattanooga
railroad between Chattanooga and Stevenson,
Alabama; the Memphis and Charleston rail-
road between Stevenson and Grand Junction,
Tennessee; the Mississippi Central railroad
between Grand Junction and Canton. Missis-
sippi ; and the New Orleans, .Jackson, and Great
Northern railroad between Canton and New
Orleans. This is called the southwestern route.
It is all rail, and its aggregate length is twelve
hundred and eighty miles. The Atlantic route,
via Richmond, Virginia; Wilmington, North
Carolina; Kingsville, South Carolina; Au-
gusta and Atlanta, Georgia; and Montgomery
and Mobile, Alabama, is twenty miles shorter,
the aggregate distance thereby between Wash-
ington and New Orleans being twelve hundred
and sixty miles; but on that route there are
two hundred and thirty miles of steamboat
service, namely, between Washington and
Game Point, (Aquia creek,) fifty-six miles,
and between Mobile and the lake terminus of
the Ponehartrain railroad, one hundred and
seventy-four miles.
Records have been kept at New Orleans
and Washington since 21st January last, show-
ing the time occupied in the transmission of
through mails between the two extremes.
The period from 21st January to 31st Octo-
ber, inclusive, embraces two hundred and
eighty-four days; during thirty-five of these
days, namely,_from the 8th of March to the
11th of April, inclusive, the southwestern route
was obstructed by excessive floods in East
Tennessee. In the remaining two hundred
and forty-nine days there were received at
New Orleans from Washington, by the south-
western route, two hundred and forty-eight
mails, of which ninety-six were carried through
at an average speed of seventy-eight hours
and thirteen minutes, a fraction over three
and one quarter days; one hundred and four
at an average speed of eighty-five hours and
fifty-three minutes, a fraction over three and
one half days; nine at an aveiage speed of
one hundred and two hours and six minutes,
a fraction over four and one quarter days;
thirty-five at an average speed of one hundred
and nine hours and forty-eight minutes, a frac-
tion over four and one half days; one in one
hundred and twenty-two hours and forty-five
minutes; one in one hundred and twenty-seven
hours and forty minutes; one in one hundred
and thirty-three hours and forty-five minutes;
and one in one hundred and thirty-four hours
and forty-five minutes; the common average
speed of the two hundred and forty-eight mails
being eighty-seven hours and thirty-live min-
utes, or three days, fifteen hours, and thirty-
five minutes. Two trips were made each in
seventy-six hours and forty minutes, which
was the greatest speed attained. On thirty of
the two hundred and forty-nine days no mails
were received at New Orleans from Washing-
ton, in consequence of the failure of the trains
to connect at some point on the route.
During the same two hundred and forty-nine
days there were received at Washington from
New Orleans two hundred and forty-eight
mails, of which one hundred and eighty-seven
were carried through at an average speed of
eighty-three hours and fifty-three minutes, a
fraction under three and one half days ; thirty-
two at an average speed of ninety-four hours
and thirty-seven minutes, a fraction under
four days; twenty-two at an average speed of
one hundred and seven hours and twenty min-
utes, a fraction under four and one half days;
four at an average speed of one hundred and
nineteen hours and fourteen minutes, a fraction
under five days ; one in one hundred and thirty-
one hours and twenty-five minutes ; one in one
hundred and forty-four hours and fifty minutes;
and one in one hundred and fifty-five hours and
thirty-eight minutes; the common average speed
of the two hundred and forty-eight mails being
eighty-eight hours and thirty-nine minutes,
or three days, sixteen hours, and thirty-nine
minutes. Two trips were made each in eighty-
two hours, which was the greatest speed attai ned
going north. On twenty eight of the two hun-
dred and forty-nine days no mails were received
at Washington from New Orleans, in conse-
quence of the failure of the trains to connect
at some point on the route.
During the thirty-live days' interruption of
the through mail service on the southwestern
route the mails were carried from Washington
to Now Orleans, over the Atlantic route, at an
average speed of one hundred and five hours
and twenty-six minutes, or four days, nine
hours, and twenty-six minutes, nineteen of the
thirty-five mails going through each in four
days and a fraction over—say ninety-six hours
and forty six minutes. Duringthe same thirty-
five days seven mails were carried from New
Orleans to Washington, via Nashville, Tennes-
see, and Cincinnati, Ohio, at an average speed
of one hundred and thirty-five hours, or five
days and fifteen hours ; one trip, the shortest
by that route, being made in one hundred and
six hours, or four days and ten hours; and
twenty-four mails by the Atlantic route at an
average speed of one hundred and thirteen
hours and twenty-eight minutes, or four days,
seventeen hours, and twenty-eight minutes;
one trip, the shortest, going north, by that
route, being made in one hundred and eleven
hours, or four days and fifteen hours.
Compared with the records kept before the
rebellion, as condensed in the report of the
Postmaster General for the year 1800, (page
23.) the service on the southwestern loute ex-
hibits a marked improvement, both with regard
to speed and regularity, the average time in
each direction being reduced about twenty-
two hours, and the proportion of trips per-
formed iu schedule time being increased from
about one half the whole number then to nearly
five sevenths now, reckoning the schedule time
at three and a half days until the 15th of June,
and at. three and a fourth days after that date,
going south, and at three and a half days for
the whole period going north.
RAILWAY POSTAL SERVICE.
There are now in operation in the United
States eighteen railway postal routes, extend-
ing in the aggregate over 4,435 miles, upon
879 miles of which twice daily service is per-
formed, making a total equal to 5,314 miles
of railway postal service daily each way. There
are employed in this service 160 men, as head
clerks and clerks, at a cost $187,900 per annum.
It would require to perform this same service
by route agents, in the ordinary way, eighty-
six men, at salaries of $1,080 per annum, the
compensation now allowed to route agents on
first-class routes, making the cost $92,880 per
annum. Thus:
160 postnl clerks cost  $187,900 00
86 route agents would cost  92,880 00
Increased cost of postal clerks over route
agents  $95,020 00
But in making this statement it is proper
to state that the reduction of clerical force in
distributing and other large post offices inci-
dent to the introduction of the railway postal
service should betaken into consideration. It
is impossible to give the exact number of clerks
saved to those otfices; but it is certain that in
the force of the Chicago, Cairo, St. Joseph,
Buffalo, Washington, Richmond, Memphis, and
Chattanooga offices an aggregate reduction of
thirty men has been made; and it is fair to
assume that, without the railway postal service,
these same offices instead of decreasing would
have increased their force by the addition of at
least thirty. The saving may therefore be set
down at sixty men at, an average compensation
of $1,000 per annum each, say $60,000 per
annum, thus reducing the balance against the
railway postal service as at present in operation
and organized to about $35,000 per annum.
The reduction of labor in the New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore offices must, of
course, be as much in proportion as the
reduction of labor in the offices first mentioned ;
but leaving out New York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore, and assuming that the railway postal
service on these five thousand miles is costing
$35,000 per annum, or an average of seven
dollars per mile over the ordinary or old route-
agent service, the fact that twelve", twenty-lour,
and often forty-eight hours are saved in the
transmission of all the mails passing over these
five thousand miles would seem sufficient to
justify the increased expenditure.
PACIFIC RAILROAD SERVICE.
_ At the date of the last animal report Junc-
tion City, Kansas, 139 miles west of Wyan-
dotte, and 418 miles west of St. Louis, ilis-
souri, was the farthest point to which a con-
tinuous railroad line from the eastern cities
toward the Pacific was completed, a gap exist-
ing east of Omaha City, Nebraska, in the line
from Chicago to Kearney. This gap has since
been filled up by the completion of the Chicago
and Northwestern railroad to Council Bluffs,
Iowa, on th« eastern side of the Missouri river'
opposite Omaha, and the Union Pacific rail-
road (the Platte route) has been extended
beyond Kearney 829 miles to Cheyenne, at the
base of the Rocky mountains, 519 miles we=t
of Omaha, and 1,013 miles west of Chicago.
Illinois. 'The Junction Citv or Smoky Hill
route (Union Pacific railroad, eastern "divis-
ion) has also been extended 153 miles to
Hays City, making the length of the railroad
route west of St. Louis 571 miles. The mails
are carried daily on these routes west, from
Wyandotte and Omaha, and on the Pacific side
the mails are conveyed twice daily between
Sacramento and Cisco, a distance of 94 mile-
under contract with the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company. Ihe lines are thus extending
east and west to meet each other; the average
progress on the Platte route the past year. Sun-
days excepted, exceeding one mile per day.
A continuation of the work with like eneniy
wiU verify the promise of the railroad com-
panies by the year 1870 to spau the continent.
