154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBB.
December '12,
consideration of a similar resolution offered
by myself, and I therefore object to this one.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes over
under the rule.
retired list of tiie navy.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask consent to intro-
duce a bill supplementary to and explanatory
of certain acts of Congress relating to officers
of the Navy.
Mr. CHANLER. I object, unless the bill
is read.
- Mr. ROSS. I object to the reading of the
bill.
order of calling states.
The SPEAKER. There being no further
resolutions or bills from the State of Ohio,
resolutions from the State of Tennessee are
next in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I suppose the States should be called
in the order of their admission into the Union.
Now, if that be the case, under the rule of
construction given to the action of the House
by the majority, the State of Wisconsin should
be called before the State of Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The call is proceeding
this morning, as it always has proceeded, in
the order in which they are printed and called
by the Clerk. The recollection of the Chair
in regard to historical matters and dates is
not very accurate, but his inpression is that
Tennessee was admitted into the Union in the
order in which it is now called.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose that was so ;
but I do not understand that to be the decision
of the majority of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] exhausted the wit of that remark
the first time he made it, some days ago.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If that is an objection
to saying anything the gentleman from 1 Ill-
inois [Mr. Farxsworth] was played out years
ago.
The SPEAKER. There is *io point of
order involved in the remarks of the gentle-
man.
representatives to iiayti, liberia, etc.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question.
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into
' tho propriety and expediency of providing by law
that the diplomatic and consular representatives of
this Government to Ilayti, Liberia, and other parts
of Africa shall bo selected from citizens of African
descent, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The previbus question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The questiou was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on adopting the resolution.
The question was taken upon ordering the
-yeas and nays ; and upon a division there "Were
, —ayes 24, noes 59.
So, one fifth voting in the affirmative, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a questiou of
order ; that by the law under the Constitution
it is not in order to make any distinction be-
tween citizens of this country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
■ point of order, as it is not a parliamentary
question of order.
The question was upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 52,
not voting 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks.Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Broomall.Buekland, Butler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, I
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eokley, Eggleston,
Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, ierry, lields, Garfield, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Hifrby. Hooper, Hopkins, Asahcl
W. Hubbard, Chester 1). llubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, IColley,Kel-
sey.Koontz, George V.Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Paine,
I'erbam, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Bmith, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu B. Washburne,
llenry D. Washburn,WilliamB.Washburn, Welker,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—8(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Delos 11. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Barnes, Beck, Boyer, Broinwell, Brooks.
Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Gctz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr,Knott, Loan, Mar-
shall, Maynurd, McClurg, McCullough, Mullins,
Mungen, Newcomb, Niblnck, Nicholson, Nunn,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stewart, Tabor, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Ward, Wood, and Woodward—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Barnum, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Cake,
Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Donnelly, Finney, Gravely,
Griswold, Ilaight, Hamilton, Hill, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, Lincoln, Lynch,
Mallory, Miller, Morgan, Morrisscy, Orth, Peters,
Phelps, Plants, Poland, Raum, Selye, Shellabarger,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thnddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Stoue, Taffe, Thomas,Twiehell, Upson, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Thomas Williams, and Wood-
bridge—1'j.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make an inquiry of the Chair. If the previous
question should not be seconded, will it not be
in order to move to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, and move to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. On this motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question was taken ; and it was decided
] in the negative—yeas 68, nays 77, not voting
i 47; as follows:
II YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
j Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham,
Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gloss-
I ] brenner, Golladay, Grover,Halsey,Harding,Hawkins,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. llubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Mallory, Marshall, McClurg,
McCullough, Mercur, Moore, Mungen, Myers, New-
comb, Niblaek, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stewart, Taber,
' Taylor, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood and Wood-
ward—63,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Boutwell, Bromwell, Brooiuall,
Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eokley, Ela, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Iligby, Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jcnckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, Moorhead, Morrill, Mullins, Nunn,
O'Neill, Paino, Perhain, Pike, Pile. Pomeroy, Priee,
Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Stokes,
Trimble; Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Klihu
15. Washburne, Henry 1). Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, J mesF. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
James M, Ashley, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Finney, Garfield,
Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Hamilton, Hill, Holman,
Richard 1>. Hubbard, Keteham, Kitchen, Lincoln,
Lynoh, Miller, Morgan, MorrUsey, Orth, Peters,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Raum, Schenck, Selye,
Shellabarger, Starkweather, Aaron F.Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Thomas, Twiehell, Up-
son, Robert T. Van Horn, John T. Wilson, and
W oodbridge—17.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Maynard, that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) limit-
ing contracts for stationery and other supplies
in the Executive Departments to one year;
in which the concurrence -of the House was
requested.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question, and move that when the
I House adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday
j next. There appears to be no business on the
! Calendar. No appropriation bills have been
reported.
The motion was agreed to.
i iron-clad vessels.
1 Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
is hereby, authorized to relinquish to the builders of
such iron-clad vessels as in his judgment are not
required by the interests of the service, the vessels
constructed by them upon their refunding tothe Gov-
ernment the amount paid to the said builders, they
relinquishing all claim upon the Government for
losses in their construction: Provided, Thatifanyof
the vessels have sustained injuries, the Secretary of
the Navy may by a board of officers appraise the
damages and abate the amount so ascertained from
the sum to bo refunded as herein provided.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was
I about to move that the rules be suspended and
j the House resolve itself into the Committee
!; of the Whole on the state of the Union. But
I will withhold that motion for a short time at
; the suggestion of gentlemen who wish to intro-
! duce resolutions and bills. Some gentlemen
also desire that there shall be an understanding
that after the House shall have resolved itself
into the C ommittee of the Whole no further
business shall be transacted to-day. The gen-
tleman from Iowa suggests it would be better
to call the States through.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is doing that
as rapidly as possible.
west tennessee district court.
Mr. NUNN introduced a bill to provide
for the appointment of judges for the district
court of the district of West Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
national currency.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
joint resolution to amend an act authorizing
: the issue of national currency, and for other
j: purposes, approved February 2o, 18G3 ; which
;I was read a first and second time, and referred
II to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
jj falls of oiiio siiii'-canal.
jj Mr. KERR submitted the following resolu-
: tion, and demanded the previous question on
11 itp adoption:
1 Resolved, That the Committee on.Roads and Canals
' bo instructed to Inquire into tho expediency and pro-
j priety, in view of the interests of commerce on the
' Ohio and other western rivers, of making an appro-
i priation to aid in the construction of a canal around
Ij thefallsof theOhioriver, on thclnrlianafide thereof,
i which shall possess sufficient capacity for the safe,
! convenient, and expeditious passage of vessels of the
j largest tonnage used on said river, and to report to
( this House the facts and considerations which shall
control their conclusions in the premises, and also to
report by bill or otherwise their recommendations
on the subject.
Mr. COOK. I think that resolution ought
to go to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. KERR. It does go there.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
margaret huston.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill to grant a
pension to Margaret Huston; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
extension of bounty act.
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Indiana, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con- .
j sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
