3586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
have had a very hard straggle if we could not
have organized military commissions to try
stis
Mr. CONKLING. I did not mean to go
into the discussion, and I do not mean to do it
now ; but in answer to the Senator I will make
one remark. I never could understand the phi-
losophy of many exhibitions that I saw during
the war, with discerning men, intelligent men,
and lawyers—exhibitions of extreme feeling,
of deep disturbance which were made in refer-
ence to what were termed arbitrary arrests. I
thought that many arrests were made which
were denounced as arbitrary that should have
been made, and, as the Senator says, we should
have been in great difficulty without the power
to make them and the exercise of that power;
and yet I am free to say here that in time of
war or insurrection, and constructively within
the theater of war, in my belief the genius of
our Government requires us to try offenders
before civil tribunals wherever the civil tri-
bunals are open and are free to act. This sec-
tion impairs the integrity of that idea, because
it does mean undoubtedly that albeit civil tri-
bunals are open, a man who might there speedily
and effectually be tried may, nevertheless, at
the election of his prosecutors, be brought
before a military commission and subjected to
that species of trial. Now, my suggestion is
that some qualifying words which shall reduce
the operation of this article within those lim-
its which can be advocated on the ground of
necessity would be desirable, and not leave it
unrestricted except as the honorable Senator
, from New Jersey lias restricted it by his sug-
gestion, which 1 think is a very good one as
far as it goes, because it may still be said that
the design is here to create a special tribunal
unknown to the military law in its strict sense,
and unknown to the genius of our Government,
except so far as necessity in the first instance,
and legislation following that, brought it into
being.
I say in place of creating such a tribunal not
only to try offenses upon which its operation
may be necessary, but also to try offenses which
are tryable in theory and in actual practice
elsewhere, seems to me a mistake ; and I will
suggest myself, if it be agreeable to the Sena-
tor, some restrictive words, or I will leave it
to him.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from New
York if he desires to move an amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. I believe the amendment
which is pending has not yet been voted upon.
Mr. WILSON. 1 certainly have no objec-
tion to restricting this article within the nar-
rowest limits of necessity, but I think it would
be very hard to strike it out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, to insert after "courts-
martial," in line four of the twelfth article,
the words " committed within the theater of
war."
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
New Jersey to look at the text of the bill before
adopting that phraseology. He will see that
the phrase is "all offenses and offenders;" so
that he can hardly say " committed within the
threater of war," because that would apply to
"offenders" as well as "offenses." 1 sug-
gest to him to vary the phraseology.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSBN. "Committedand
being."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Allow me to suggest
an amendment in the third line, after the word
"offenders" 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment is pending.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am suggesting to the
Senator from New Jersey to locate it in an-
other place. I suggest to him to insert after
the word "offenders," in the third line, "within
the theater of military operations, and where
the civil tribunals cannot act."
Mr. DAY1S. I, sir, am a worshiper of
liberty according to the Constitution and the
iaw. I have been protestingagainst the juris-
diction of military tribunals over citizens who
are not attached to the Army or to the Navy,
for more than five years, and I intend to keep
up my protest as long as I have the privilege
to make one. Now, the ninety-seventh article
reads:
All officers, soldiers, teamsters, or other persons
whomsoever receiving payor hire in tho service of
the United States, in connection with the Army, as
also all sutlers; traders, Army contractors, and other
followers of the Army, and all citizens voluntarily
residing or entering on any of the military nnd
Indian reservations with clearly defined boundaries,
shall be governed by these rules and articles.
That embraces many classes of men who by
the express provisions of the Constitution are
exempted iiom the jurisdiction of military
tribunals. It covers all sutlers, all Arm}'con-
tractors. An Army contractor may be any-
where in the United States, but if he were within
the lines of the Army he would not be subject
to trial by a military court at all. That is one
of the constitutional liberties of the people of
the United States. That instrument provides—
"That no person shall be held to answer for a cap-
ital or otherwise infamous crime unless on a present-
ment or indictment ot a grand jury, except in cases
arising ill the land or naval forces," &c.
To give a military tribunal jurisdiction to
try any man for any offense, he must be in the
naval or military forces. That is the plain and
literal meaning of the provision of the Consti-
tution, and its reason is obvious. It was never
intended by the Cramers of the Constitution
that mere civilians who bad no connection with
the Army, no proper lespousibiliiy to it, should
be deprived of the trial by jury after a present-
ment or indictment ofa grand jury and brought
before a military tribunal and tried by the arbi-
trary proceedings of a court-martial. I know
that during the late war many contractors were
arrested upon the ground that they had com-
mitted frauds upon the United States in their
contracts for the Army. They no doubt were
culpable and deserved punishment; but they
did not merit punishment before military tribu-
nals, because they were exempt from trial by
military tribunals by tho Constitution of the
country. Sir, I never have voted, and! never
will vote, for any bill or any provision in any
bill that will subject a civilian to trial by a
military court or a military tribunal of any kind.
This ninety-seventh article does. The purpose
or the effect of it is to sanction and confirm
those irregular trials during the war. Sir, it is
one of the rights ofa citizen of the United States
who is not in the land or the naval service of
the Government, that if he is charged with
any offense whatever, any violation of the law,
he shall be brought before a civil court and
tried by a jury of his peers according to the
modes of proceedings under the common law;
and because this article violates that article of
the Constitution, 1 am opposed to it.
Mr. THAYER. It seems to me that this
article is altogther too comprehensive in its
terms, anrl embraces classes of persons which
should not be included in it. For instance, it
embraces all Indian reservations, and includes
all persons who are on Indian reservations.
The military have nothing to do with those
reservations, and no control whatever over
them. Why should it be made to reach them?
I see no reason for the article itself. I cer-
tainly am opposed to taking persons who are
not in the military service, but are simply con-
nected with it, as civilians in the employment
of the quartermasters or commissary depart-
ments, and subjecting them to the Rules and
Articles of War or trial by court-martial and
military commission. I should prefer that the
whole article should be stricken out unless it
is necessary to retain a part of it.
Mr. WILSON. This article has nothing to
do with such persons. This article applies to
civilians in no ivay connected with the Army.
I should like to know how in Heaven's name
we could have maintained the lives, the rights,
and the; liberties of the people over vast sec-
tions of this country where they had no civil
courts, or punished murderers or spies and
men committing every degree and grade of
crime, except by military commissions during
the rebellion ? This is what it means ; and I
am utterly amazed that anybody should suggest
here to-night throwing away the power to do a
thing of that kind.
Mr. THAYER. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts applies to a state of
war.
Mr. WILSON. This article only applies to
a state of war. If the Senator will read the
article he will find that it is confined to a time
of war or insurrection.
Mr. THAYER. I am speaking of the ninety-
seventh article.
Mr. WILSON. We are on the twelfth
article.
Mr. THAYER. I was alluding to the ninety-
seventh article.
Mr. WILSON. I misunderstood the Sen-
ator; I thought he was speaking of the twelfth
article.
Mr. THAYER, Notatall; I made no refer-
ence to it. Article ninety-seven provides:
All officers, soldiers, teamsters, or other persons
whomsoever, receiving pay or biroin the service of
the United States, in connection with tho Artny, as
also all sutlers, traders, Army contractors, and other
followers of the Army, and all citizens voluntarily
reading or entering on any of tho military and In-
dian reservations with clearly-defined boundaries,
shall be governed by these rules and articles, and
shall be subject to be tried by courts-martial, or mili-
tary commissions, in like manner witn the officers
and soldiers in the service of the United States.
That applies clearly to a state of peace, and
embraces classes of persons who were not em-
braced by the old Articles of War prior to the
late war, and whom it was nevercontemplated to
make subject to trial by eourts-mariial and
military commissions. For instance, as I re-
marked just now, the article includes persons
on Indian reservations. The military have
nothing to do with the Indians upon the reser-
vations. What control have they over a citizen
who goes upon a military reservation, for that
is also included? If a citizen goes upon a
military reservation and commits an offense is
he to be caught up and tried by court-martial
or military commission? That is not done
even in regard to offenses committed by sol-
diers in our Army ; they are brought in and
tried by the United States district courts. I
certainly am opposed to embracing that class
of persons. I want these rules and articles
to relate only to officers and soldiers ; and I
move to amend that article by striking out all
except the following words 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending.
Mr. THAYER. Very well, then; I will
move it again.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to strike out
the twelfth article.
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator lrom
New Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghbysex. ]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now I move to add at
the end of that amendment the words "and
where the civil tribunals cannot actso as to
make the article read :
In time of war or insurrection military commis-
sions may be constituted, and shall have jurisdiction
over all offenses and offenders against the Jaws of
war not cognizable by courts-martial, committed and
being within tho theater of war and where the civil
tnbunals cannot act.
Mr. DRAKE. I feel a great deal of disin-
clination to enter into any discussion with
regard to this bill; but I have seen too much
of the condition of things in a time of insur-
rection to allow this amendment to be adopted
without expressing my dissent to it. If this
amendment is inserted, iu my opinion
article amounts to nothing, and although we
may be surrounded and confronted on every
side by rebellion, as we were for four years,
the military power is shorn of its strength as
to everybody who is not in the Army or within
the immediate lines of the Army. If the amend-
ment is made, I take it that in the event of
another rebellion it would constitute a license
for rebels outside of the region of the rebellion
to engage in every description of scheme for
