1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February, 29,
and that he left it to others who also had 110 knowl-
edge of it. The testimony must satisfy all that the
Secretary of the Interior should not longer be charged
with this duty. -It may not bo necessary to decide
whether his errors arise from a disposition to unfair-
ness or favoritism or from lack of knowledge of the
subject and the weight of ofheial cares and labors.
It is proof that—
1. Secretary llarlan had invited several architects
to make and submit plans for the jail, and that sev-
eral carefully considered and perfected plans (the
results of months of labor) were presented to and
opened by him.
2. That Secretary llarlan declined to officially de-
cide between these plans, for the reason that the
present Secretary was so soon to come into office,
and the plans were handed over to the present Sec-
retary on his accession to office.
3. That the present Secretary declined to cither
accept or reject any of those plans, but, kecpingthem
open to public inspection at his office, pi ocured Eben
Faxon, of Baltimore, to make plans.
4. That alter only about thirty days' time Mr.
Faxon presented a hasty sketch or design, (.not ma-
tured and perfected plans,) which was at once ac-
cepted and adopted by the Secretary, without con-
sultation with piofessional experts, but simply on
advice of certain clerks in his office, who, ho testifies,
had no knowledge of the business. _
5. That no competition was invited or permitted
with Mr. Faxon, and especially that the architects who
had already submitted matured plans were formally
denied all opportunity to compete, so that Mr. Faxon
was preferred and employed to make plans, while
the others (though they had performed their labor on
invitation from the Department) were not even per-
mitted to compete.
(5. That in the same spirit Mr. Faxon was employed
by the Secretary, at a salary, lor mouths, (&uy live and
a half months.) with the aid of several assistants,
paid by the United States, to perfect plans pursuant
to his sketches or designs, while the utheis (though
working at their own expense) were not permitted to
present perfected plans.
7. That, after nil, the plans finally produced by
Mr. 1'axon weie glaringlj detective and unsuitable,
but, nevertheless, the Secretary proceeded to adver-
tise for proposals, and to let the contract to build on
those plans.
8. That, in the winter of 1867, the matter was
brought to the attention of Congress, andrefcired to
a committee of the House, who called to then; aid.
for advice, three very competent and distinguished
engineers and architects, namely, General M. C.
Meigs, A. 1>. Mullett, and 15. Oertly, Ehq., of the
Treasury Dopai tinent, who mado to the committee a
written report nr opinion, in which these plans of
Faxon, on which the Secretary was proceeding to let
the work, werestiongiy condemned as utteily unfit
for the purpose and unworthy to bo usod; and that
report and opinion was brought to the attention of
the Secretary by the committee.
U. That, nevertheless, the Secretary did not sus-
pend, but went on to open bids, and was about, to let
a contract on these plans when Congress perempto-
rily stopped his proceedings by the resolutions of
March 2,18G7.
10. That notwithstanding Congress then directed
that the business should besuspended until perfected
plans foi the entiie work should be completed and
approved by a hoard of three, <fco., still that,direction
has not been obeyed. Perfected plans were never
approved by such board, nor even presented to
tliem, nor have such perfected plans or any plans at
all, sufficient as a basis for letting the work, ever
been made ; but, in palpable disregard of that reso-
lution, the Seci etary has gone on and let a pretended
contract or contracts upon general and grossly de-
fective sketches of a plan, and with the use of speci-
fications so defective as to a fiord no protection to the
Government, which would be entirely at the mercy
of the architect, under whose direction the cost of
the building may be increased to $500,000. Fair and
equal competition for the woik.upon such plans and
specifications, was impossible, since no man could
bid unle:>s he was assured of the favor of the architect.
This remarkable course has been pursued in the
face of written protests to the Secretary by men who
were interested, in the face of the resolution of Con-
gress, and of the face of the opinion of the highest
court in this District, which was certainly sufficient
to arrest his attention. Any interference on the part
of Congress would be idle unless the control of the
work be taken outof the handsof the Secretary, who
is evidently either unable or unwilling to give it
proper attention.
Your committee are satisfied from the evidence that
Chailes A. Wudner, the contractor for the iron
work, is not involved at all in the faults and frauds
which have been brought to light by this investiga-
tion, and that he should suffer no io.^s by the aban-
donment of the old plans. They have, therefore,
made provision in the bill which accompanies this
report for a fair and equitable adjustment with him.
Your committee are fully satisfied that a now jail
is greatly needed in said District; but they are also
fully satisfied, on the whole proofs piesented on both
sides, that this is a case urgently demanding con-
gicssional interference, and. with that view, they
report the accomranjing bill and recommend its
passage.
Mr. INGEUSOLL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. This whole
subject was referred to a joint committee of the
two Houses, composed in part of the commit-
tees for the District of Columbia in the Senate
and the House, and that investigation has been
conducted to a conclusion, except that the
opinion of the joint committee upon the facts
elicited lias not been made up. Now, the sug-
gestion I have to make to the gentleman is, if
it meets the concurrence of the House, that the
further consideration of this subject be post-
poned till the joint select committee make up
their opinion with regard to what oughtto be
done in the premises. Then I take the liberty
of proposing, not on behalf of the committee,
but as one of;the committee, that the two com-
mittees—the one which he represents and the
joint committee to which I have referred—
meet together and see if they cannotagree upon
some plan which shall give satisfaction to them-
selves and he satisfactory to both Houses of
Congress. I make this proposition now in the
hope that it may expedite this matter and take
this perplexed question from the consideration
of the House at this time, for I am satisfied, if
this question is to be discussed now, it will re-
quire one, two, or three days to do the subject
justiec if the House will tolerate discussion of
iho case.
Mr. GOVODE. Mr. Speaker, in my judg-
ment, nothing like so much lime will be taken
as the gentleman intimates. The hour will
soon be up, the previous question having been
ordered, as I understand.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
is ponding.
Mr. CO VODE. I will state, then, that I have
been in conference with the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
in the Senate, [Mr. Feskenden,] and he told
me to go on and finish our work. He knows
what we are doing, and says he is satisfied with
it. The committee met and took testimony.
We found that this contract was let in violation
of law—through fraud—money being paid for
the purpose. We have also proved that money
was at the door of the committee to buy us up
to give a favorable report. I am astonished
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jnuek-
soli,] should stand in the way of trying to
arrest these hands and protect men engaged
in them. The committee have done their duty
faithfully, and i am willing to leave it to the
House to decide whether this matter shall go
on when we see it was conceived in fraud and
nurtured in iniquity.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman might
well he surprised if I really stood in the way
of preventing the consummation of any in-
tended fraud. The gentleman will remember
that it was the Committee for the District of
Columbia that first moved a suspension of this
contract and of the consummation of the build-
ing of this structure until the facts could be
inquired into. I am not here to dispute the
facts at this time which the gentleman says
have been pressed before his committee, but I
am here to stand in opposition to the report
he makes, so far as his bill is concerned, which
proposes to create a new commission under
a new law to commence as it were de novo
with the construction of this jail. I say that
a better plan than that which the gentleman
has reported can be adopted, in my opinion. I
may be mistaken, but all I ask of him now is
that the joint committee to which I have re-
ferred shall consult with the gentleman and his
committee on the subject and bring in a report.
X am sorry the gentleman insinuated that I
should be standing in the way of the prosecu-
tion of his plan so far as the prevention of any
fraud is concerned. Now, my very object in
making this proposition is to expedite this
matter. I do not want the committee of the
Senate to make one report to the Senate and
the District Committee, of this House to make
another report, both in opposition to the gen-
tleman's report. I want to see if we cannot
harmonize and all agree on one report which
will go through the Ilouse without taking the
time of the House in a discussion of perhaps
one or two davs.
Mr. WELKEJi. I desire to say one word.
I have no controversy with the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
in relation to this contract. It has been in-
vestigated, as has been already stated, by a
sub-committee of the Committees for the Dis-
trict of Columbia of the Senate and the House.
I desire to make a single suggestion. We have
already expended about fourteen thousand dol-
lars of this appropriation in getting up apian.
Mr. C0V0DE. I will state that only a little
over four thousand dollars of that amount has
been spent on the jail, and over nine thousand
dollars has been spent for outside influence.
Mr. WELKER. I was saying^hat perhaps
ten thousand dollars has already been appro-
priated for the purpose of getting up the plan
for a jail. Now, the gentleman proposes to
adopt a new plan entirely, and go through ail
of this process again to get up a plan fpr the
purpose of building a jail. My suggestion to
the gentleman is, that by a little conference it
can be arranged between the two committees
so as to make but a slight change in the plan
already adopted, and perhaps save eight or
ten thousand dollars in the adoption of a new
plan. That is the suggestion I desired to make
to the gentleman.
Mr. CO VODE. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the House, that I have examined the
work that has been already done, and I under-
stand what work is; 1 have had a great deal
of such work done in my time, and the work
is totally unfit to place the building on. It was
built in the winter, in order to hurry on and
get it out of the reach of Congress, and the
mortar with which it is built will answer no
better purpose than the dust of the streets.
They have built a wall four feet thick and filled
it with the refuse of quarries. I have been
down and examined it, and it is not fit to build
a log barn on, let alone a jail of these dimen-
sions. I have had some of the most scientific
men in the country to examine it, and each of
them has testified that it is totally unfit for the
purpose, and will all have to be taken up.
Now, what is lost? Ninety-five hundred dol-
lars has been paid away in a very strange way.
I do not want to attack the Secretary of the
Interior or to attack Mr. Faxon ; but from the
facts developed during the investigation I state
here—and the House may do as they please
about it—that that wall which has been built
must be taken up, no matter whether the loca-
tion be changed or not. I state, further, that
the Interior Department has disregarded all
the laws of Congress on this subject; that they
disregarded the joint resolution requiring them
to submit certain matters to a certain board;
that they threw aside the lowest bids and took
the highest, and that they have made a con-
tract under which the most scientific men in
the country say the cost of the building will
amount to $500,000, and they have done that
in the face of a law which confined them to
$200,000.
J can state also that the mayor of this city
and the city authorities refuse to tax their cit-
izens to pay a dollar of this expense, and they
went into court to lay an injunction to set aside
the contract; and the only reason why the
court did not grant the^ijunction was that
they had not proceeded to collect, the tax, but
they will do it whenever they proceed to col-
lect the tax. Ihc Government, unless this
measure is taken, will be responsible for the
whole eost of building the jail. And, sir, mv
judgment, based on an experience of many
years here, is that the jail will not be com-
pleted for five or six hundred thousand dollars,
ihe bill that I have reported confines them to
5200,000, and there is no difficulty in getting
bids to do the work for thatamonnt. Why, Mr.
Speaker, bids were put in to do the entire work
for $143,000, and from that up to §200,000.
Those propositions were thrown out; and
why'/ Because they did not specify the mate-
rial to be used. The Secretary of the Interior,
in his proposition for bids, named three kinds
of material—marble, granite, and Seneca stone.
All the testimony we have taken goes to show
that the Government had the right to say which
of those materials should be used when the
