rm
SUPPLEMENT TO
upon them, before the suspension can result
iij a,removal.
SAch', I say, was the theory of the bill; the
fundamental idea upon which it was framed
was thai thepower of removal belonged by the
Constitution to the President and the Senate,
exclusively, and not to the President alone.
If ft belengs to tlie President alone, then the
first section, including the proviso, and the
second section, providing for a suspension
before removal, are totally void for unconsti-
tutionality, for Congress cannot meddle with a
power that belongs solely to him.
Such being manifestly the theory of the bill,
such the undoubted opinion of both Houses,
it would have been strange indeed for them to
abandon the very principle ufion which the bill
was framed, and to recognize in the proviso the
odious claim of the President to exercise the
sole power of removal of the. then existing
heads of Department. It was an uncalled for
renunciation of the very power under which
they could act, if they could act at all, on the
subject.
' 1 cannot give any weight to the remarks made
by membersin debateon the passage of the ten-
llre-of-offiee act. The question is now before us
for judicial solution, and we must be governed
by the language of the act and the mischief
which led to its passage. We are to construe
it as judges, acting 011 our judicial oath, not as
legislative debaters. Nothing is more unsafe
than to look 10 the legislative debates for the
true judicial interpretation of a statute. They
are seldom harmonious, and this case fully
illustrates the truth. One honorable member
of the conference committee viewed this pro-
viso as not applicable to the existing Cabinet
officers, while the gentleman—Manager Wn,-
i.iams, of Pennsylvania—who actually drew it,
tells us the language embraces them, and tlmt
such was his intention.
A reference to two adjudged eases will prob-
ably be sufficient 011 the question of the value
of such opinions. In Kldridge vs. Williams,
(3 Howard's Report, pp. 2!$ anil 24,) Chief
Justice Taney observed:
" In expounding this law—tho compromise* act of
1883—t tic judgment of tho court eanno'i, i 11 any dcstrec.
bo influenced by tho construction placed u|>on it by
laombui s of Congress in the debate which took place
on Ha passage,nor by fheniotivesorrent-ons assigned
by them tor supporting oroppoMiig amendments that
were offered. The law 113 it passed is tho will of a
majority of both Houses, and theouly modo in which
that will is ,-poken is in the net, itself. And wo luust
Bather their intention from tho lansruaRo there used,
coinpnriug it whoa any ambiguity exists with the
laws upon the name subject, and looking, if necessary,
to the public history of tho times in which it was
passed."
Iti The Bank of Pennsylvania vs. The Com-
monwealth, (10 Pennsylvania State Keports,
p. loti,) Judge Black, one of the counsel for
the accused upon this record, delivering the
opinion of the court, adopts the same view.
"The court," he observes, "in construing an
act will not look to what occurred when it was
on its passage through tin; Legislature; such
evidence is not only valueless, but delusive
and dangerous."
I am, and ever have been, fully convinced
of the constitutionality of the act, and that it
embraces by its terms, and was intended to
embrace, the case of Mr. Stanton, and there-
fore that he could not bo removed by Mr.
Johnson. The attempt so to do was a misde-
meanor, as was the appointment of General
Thomas. It is too late for Mr. Johnson to
claim the benefit of any doubt that might, arise
upon the construction of the act.. The act is
too plain to admit of reasonable doubt; and
that he himself entertained none is shown by
the fact that he adopted and recognized the
true meaning in suspending Mr. Stanton. He
cannot, after the commission of the offense,
set up a doubt of the correctness of his former
construction of it by way of removing the
criminal intent. Jii-other words, he cannot in
this tribunal insist that he is to have the ben-
efit of being himself the judge of the law. He
is brought before us that we may determine
that question lor him.
The next question is, whether the accused
has committed the offense charged in article
first of the impeachment?
That offense is that 011 the 21st of Febru-
ary, 1868, while the Senate was in session, he
issued the order to Secretary Stanton, declar-
ing, in so mapy words, that the latter was
"removed" from his office of Secretary of
War, and directing him to turn.over the ree-
, ords, &c., of his office to General Lorenzo
| Thomas, who he says, in the same letter," has
| this day been authorized and empowered to
j act as Secretary of War ad interim."
j Mr. Stanton did not obey, and though Gen-
! eral Thomas made two attempts to obtain pos-
session and failed in both, the proof is that the
accused has had 110 official communication
whatever with Mr. Stanton since that time,
and that he has, on the contrary, recognized
, Thomas as Secretary of War until now; and
! further, that it is the settled purpose of Thomas
\ still to obtain possession of the office under a
' direction given him by the accused on the 21st
of February, and under the order,
The charge heie is not that Mr. Johnson
actually and legally removed Secretary Stan-
ton. This be could not do, either by the order
or the use of force, against the will of the Sec-
retary ; for the first section of the statute pro-
tected him and prohibited such a removal. It
was, in law, an impossibility. Mr. Stanton
could not in law be removed without the con-
sent of the Senate. The charge, therefore, is,
that the order was issued with intent to remove
him and contrary to the provisions of the act-
not an actual and legal ouster from and vaca-
tion of the office, although the respondent,
in his answer, (p. 27.) treats the order as hav-
ing that precise effect, claiming that it worked
| an actual and legal removal. And, so far as
I it has been possible for him to give it that
j decisive character, it was a removal; for the
! proof is clear and uncontradicted that he has
1 since that time in no way whatever recognized
Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War, but has
recognized General Thomas.
Section six of the statute declares, that
" every removal," &c., "contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, shall be deemed and is
hereby taken to be a high misdemeanor," pun-
ishable by " fine not exceeding $10,000, or by
imprisonment not, exceeding five years," &c.
It is certain that tho accused could not, by
any lawful moans, have removed Mr. Stanton,
because the law forbade it; and the law does
not sanction, much less furnish, means for its
own violation; and as the law prohibited and
made criminal the end which the order of re-
moval and appointment had in view, it prohib-
I ited and made criminal the use of any and all
I means for the accomplishment of that end. It
I rendered all acts naturally calculated, and all
• attempts to commit the specific offense of
,i "removal" criminal. The order of removal
jj and the order appointing General Thomas were
II alike criminal; the delivery of the paper con-
i taining them to General Thomas on the 21st
; of February ; the direction to him (p. 41-1) to
! deliver it to Mr, Stanton ; the delivery of it. to
! him; the direction given by the accused to
| General Thouias 011 the same day to "go oil
| and take charge of the ojjicc and perform the
j duties," (p. 422.) after Mr. Stanton had ex-
! pressly refused to surrender it, as the accused
j was informed by Thomas, (p.43;i;) the contin-
| ued refusal of the accused to recognize Mr.
| Stanton officially as the lawful Secretary of
j War; and his open recognition of ail intruder
j vested with 110 legal authority as such—these
, facts, fully in proof, constitute a deliberate
|i attempt to consummate the offense of removal
: mentioned iti section six of the act. He has
! used all the means in his power, short of actual
; violence, to turn Mr. Stanton out, and the
j proof is strong thM he meditated force, should
J other means fail; for it is indeed a tax upon
: our credulity to ask us to acquit him of that
! purpose, while we know the unqualified direc-
j lion he gave to Thomas, to " go on and take
; charge of the office and perform the duties,"
j and the repeated threats of the latter to "break
! down the door," to " kick that fellow out,"
and his scheme of obtaining a military force
for the purpose from General Grant. Consid-
ering the very intimate relations then and stiU
existing between the accused and General
Thomas, it ean hardly be supposed that these
high-handed proceedings, contemplating actual
bloodshed, could have been wholly without the
knowledge and sanction of the accused, whose
feelings were wrought up to a high pitch of
resentment and hatred toward Mr. Stanton.
But the proof is perfectly clear and con-
vincing that,,so far as was practicable for him,
short of a violent expulsion of Mr. Stanton
from his office, he had already incurred—
boldly, audaciously, defiantly, all the guilt of
removing and putting the Secretary out of his
office. And 1 cannot doubt that under an
indictment for the specific crime of removing
him contrary to the provisions of the act he
would be held to have committed the offense.
For, having done all in his power to commit
it, proving by his own acts that he has, so far
as he is concerned, committed it, and confess-
ing in his plea, as he not only confesses but
claims in his answer to the impeachment, (p.
27,) that his two orders actually accomplished
it and installed the intruder, would not a court
of justice hold that the crime was complete?
Would it not hold that inasmuch as title to the
office rests in atid wholly consists of the law,
that it cannot be dissolved and destroyed but
in accordance witli the law; and that there-
fore 110 person can be, technically and strictly
speaking, " removed" at all by_ any other per-
son so as to divest him of his title? Would it
not hold that the word " removal," in thesixth
section, must not be construed as implying a
legal divestiture of the title, as it was under-
stood in former statutes and the old practice
of the Executive, but any act, done with or
without force, evincing a purpose to prevent
the incumbent from holding atid enjoying his
office during its fixed term as provided in sec-
tion four of the act, or until a successor shall
have been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, as provided in sec-
tion one? If the word "removal" is to be
taken in the sense of "amotion from office"
by which the title is dissolved, then it is obvious
the crime cannot be committed; for as it is the
law alone that binds or attaches the office to
the incumbent, the ligament cannot be severed
but by the law, and 110 man can make or annul
a law, nor, consequently, commit this tech-
nical crime of " removal."
Surely the expressions "appointment, em-
ployment, made, had, or exercised, contrary
to the provisions of this act, and the making,
signing, sealing, countersigning, or issuing of
any commission or letter of authority for or
in respect to such appointment or employ-
ment," connected with the term removal in the
same section, cannot be construed as implying
legal and effectual appointments, &e., but must
imply mere attempts 111 those forms to confer
the legal title to an office. It is too plain for
argument that the attempt merely to confer it
is punishable, not the actual, legal bestow-
ment, which is rendered impossible by the
penal clause prohibiting it, and section one,
which also prohibits it.
If, then, the words "appointment," "com-
mission," equally technical, must be construed
as mere attempts to expel an officer contrary
to the statute, it is equally obvious that the
word " removal" must have the same mean-
ing and effect, for if the meaning I am resist-
ing be adopted the whole statute becomes
nugatory.
'file construction I am combating makes
the act self-contradictory; for while the first
section says "every person shall continue to
hold his office," &c., the sixth section is made
practically to say that he may be removed ; that
is, he may be divested of the office, and lose it
by a removal before the allotted time.
It seems to me, therefore, that the true prac-
tical construction to be given the term is such
as I have above indicated. That such is its
popular sense I need not take time to argue.
What has ever been understood to be a removal
