2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
the bill should go over to another day, for that
reason and that alone.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest, as there
is to be no vote to-day—nobody seems to an-
ticipate that—if the Senators who intend tak-
ing part in the discussion are not ready to go
on now not much will be gained by taking up
tbe bill.
Mr, CONNESS. If this bill is not to be
proceeded with 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the amendment be
re&4 that we may hear what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Missouri
will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Drake, as follows:
Strike out all after tlie enacting clause and insert
the following; , ,
That the State of Arkansas, under and with the
constitution thereot adopted in convention on the
11th day of February, 1868, and subsequently ratified
by the people of said State, shall be entitled to bo
admitted to representation in Congress as one of tho
States of the Union, whenever the Legislature of
said State shall pass an act agreeing, on behalf of
said State, to the iollowing fundamental condition
otsuch admission.to wit: Thatthesaid constitution
shall nevei be so amended or changed as to deprive
any one of theright to vote at all elections held in
said State by the people for Representatives in Con-
gress, or for State, county, or municipal officers, or
for any other purpose, who now is or may hereafter
become, according to the present terms of said con-
stitution, entitled, to vote; unless such deprivation
bo imposed as a punishment for such crimes as are
now felonies at the common law, whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants ot said State; that
the third section of the first article of said constitu-
tion, in the words following, to wit: "The equality
of all persons before the law is recognized, and shall
ever remain inviolate; nor shall any citizen ever be
deprived of any right, piivilege, or immunity, nor
exempted horn any burden or duty on account of
race, color, or previous condition," jshall never bo
repealed or changed; that any violation by said
State of the tcims of this condition shall authorize
tho exclusion of said State from representation in
either House of Congress so long as such violation
continues; and that all laws or ordinances enacted
or ordained in said State in contravention of this
fundamental condition shall be wholly inopexative
tli<n c*in.
Skc. 2. And be it further enactcd, That upon the
passage otsuch an act by thcLcgislatureofsaid Stato,
legally authenticated copies thereof shall be trans-
mitted to the President of the Senate and tho Speaker
of 1 he House of Representatives, and by them laid
before the Congress, and if declared by aconcuirent
vote of both Houses to be in accordance with this
act, the said State shall be admitted to representa-
tion in Congress as one of the States of the Union.
Amend the preamble by striking out of lines five
and six the words "which is republican in form,"
and inserting in line live after tho word " constitu-
tion/' the words "and republican foiw."
LINCOLN MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendment having
now been read, and no further action being
about to be had on the measure to-day, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House joint resolution No. 216.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
tonsideration of the joint resolution (XI. II.
No. 216) to authorize the Secretary of War to
place at the disposal of the Lincoln Monument
Association damaged and captured ordnance,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Conness to insert the word >lbronze"
after the word "captured."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me that the last clause of that resolution is
rather unlimited. There may be some very
valuable pieces of ordnance that are captured,
which are not damaged, and yet which would
go to this association under the resolution as
it reads.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. Let the Secretary read the last clause
again.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the whole of
the resolution be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read through.
The joint resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved, d'c.. That the Secretary of War be, and
he is hereby, authorized to place at the disposal of
the Lincoln Monument Association, incorporated by
an act of Congress entitled " An act to incorporate
the Lincoln Monument Association," approved
March 30, 1867, damaged and capturod bronze guns
and ordnance, out of which to cast thestatues of the
principal figures surmounting and to be incorporated
in said structure: Provided, That no metal as afore-
said shall be thus appropriated until the voluntary
contributions for said purpose actually in the hands
of the treasurer shall amount to $100,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There may
be some pieces that are captured that would be
held to be valuable by the Government and
which they would desire to retain as trophies,
or which some of the States might desire to
retain. To make over the entire amount of
all such captured property to this association
it seems to me is going rather too far. There
ought to be some limitation about it. There
ought to be some opportunity for the Secretary
of War to exercise some discretion about it.
There may be pieces that ought not to be given
up to be melted over for any such purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting after the word " author-
ized" the words "at his discretion," and after
'•1867" inserting the word "such," and after
the word "captured" inserting "bronze and
brass ;" so as to make the resolution read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized at his discretion to place at the disposal
of the Lincoln Monument Association, incorporated
by an act of Congress, entitled " An act to incorpor-
ate the Lincoln Monument Association/' approved
March 30,1867, such damaged and captured bronze
and brass guns and ordnance, out ot which to east
tho statues of tho principal figures surmounting and
to be incorporated in said stru^ure, &c.
I wish to put the whole matter in-the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War. Of course no
valuable ordnance will be granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
some explanation in regard to this association.
The object is a very good one.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator ought to be
informed that Congress passed an act to incor-
porate an association for the erection of a
national monument, in this city in memory of
Mr. Lincoln, and at the head of that associa-
tion, I believe, stands the- Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] as its president. It has a board
of directors. Its proceedings are all made
public. It is now collecting moneys, and has
recently received respectable subscriptions of
money from my own State, California. The
provision is thai this grant of damaged and
captured ordnance shall be made only when a
certain amount of money is subscribed suf-
ficient to guaranty the construction and erec-
tion of the monument.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What weight of metal
will be required?
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot answer that ques-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ought we not to know?
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think that is
necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ought to recollect, but
I have forgotten, when the association was in-
corporated ; and I rise for the purpose of ask-
ing the honorable member from California to
give me the information. I should like to
know who they are, and when they were incor-
porated. I understand no capital is provided
for. They are not obliged to raise any capital.
They may or may not raise it. Is the monu-
ment to be erected here?
Mr. CONNESS. I will refer the honorable
Senator to the president of the association, the
Senator from Iowa, who will give him the in-
formation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not doubt that they
were all respectable gentlemen, but this reso-
lution would give all the ordnance that has
been captured.
Mr. CONNESS. No.
Mr. HARLAN. The act of incorporation
was passed last March, I think, and the names
of the parties incorporated are mentioned in
the act itself. They do not occur to me at this
time. They are gentlemen who have been
selected in various parts of the country. I re-
member one from the Senator'sowu State, Mr.
Thomas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt the asso-
ciation is composed of respectable gentlemen.
but I did not know who they were. The hon-
orable member from Iowa is, I. understand,
himself one of them, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral for the time being is another.
Mr. HARLAN. _ Yes; I think my name is
mentioned in the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. But this provision gives
all ordnance that may be found necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. It was intended only to
give a sufficient amount out of which to cast
the principal figures.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know how
much of the ordnance will be necessary for that
purpose. How many figures are to be pro-
vided for?
Mr. HARLAN. Twelve or fifteen figures,
I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. It may take all we have'
got.
Mr. CONKLING. I see the name of the
honorable Senator from Iowa is the second on
this list of highly respectable gentlemen; and
as he seems to be very good-natured in giving
information, I should like to know two or three
things about this matter. Has any part of this
work been commenced, may I inquire?
Mr. HARLAN. None whatever. Money
is being collected, as I understand. The treas-
urer of the association is the Treasurer of the
United States, Mr. Spinner, and I understand
from him that money is coming in to him al-
most daily from various parts of the country.
Mr. CONKLING. And this damaged ord-
nance is to be devoted to the manufacture of
fixures, being melted and cast again ?
Mr. HARLAN. For nothing else, as I
understand ; no other object.
Mr. CONKLING.' The Senator says ten or
fifteen figures.are to be made?
Mr. HARLAN. I think about that number.
Mr. CONKLING. That is all the informa-
tion the Senator has as to the quantity of metal
that will be needed, or as to the time when it
will be needed?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know that it ever
will be needed. The resolution itself provides
that no part of it shall be used until §100.000
shall have been contributed voluntarily for this
purpose. If that amount of money should
never be received by the treasurer, I suppose
no demand will ever be made for the metal,
unless the law should be modified hereafter.
I do not know when that will occur; it is im-
possible for any one to know ; but I hope it
will be at no very distant day.
Mr. CONKLING. And is the whole scope
of the work to cast these figures?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir; the plan of tlie
monument that is now being contemplated
requires the erection of a granite column some
sixty feet high, large enough to receive various
figures. The main monument will be erected
of granite, if the plan that is now under con-
sideration should be adopted, and this metal
will be needed merely for the figures of tbe
persons to be represented.
Mr. CONKLING. And the collections made
are to be devoted mainly to raising this shaft
and casting these figures?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
excuse me for being a little inquisitive. I have
been looking at some of the recent works of art
about here, and I wanted to find out that this has
no relation to some of them. I did not know
anything about it exceptthatl saw the act of last
year, and the Senator's name among the in-
corporators. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator for the information he has given me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer this
amendment to come in at the end of the reso-
lution :
And no more metal shall be thus appropriated
than what shall be actually used for tho purpose ot'
casting the figures as herein mentioned.
Mr. CONNESS. What would the associa-
tion want with more?
Mf. MORRILL, of Vermont. They might
sell it.
Mr. HARLAN. There can be no objection
to the amendment.
