1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
40tii Con(;....2d Sess
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
FOIiKIGN MAIL SERVICE.
Statistics.
The aggregate amount of postage upon tlie
correspondence exchanged with foreign coun-
tries was $2,441,242 52, an increase of $152,-
023 22 over the previousyear. Of this amount
$1,1)09,005 55 accrued on the correspondence
exchanged in the mails with Great Britain,
France, Prussia, Bremen, Hamburg, and Bel-
gium ; §318,303 88 on correspondence ex-
changed with the British North American prov-
inces, and $123,333 09 on mails transmitted
to arid from the West Indies, Mexico, Central
and Soutli America, the Sandwich Islands,
Japan, and China. The United States portion
of the postage on correspondence exchanged
with Great Britain and the Continent of Europe
amounted to $871,223 45; with the British
North American provinces, $196,848 13; and
with the West Indies, &c., §123,333 09, mak-
ing the total United States postages ou foreign
mails $1,191,404 67.
The number of letters exchanged with for-
eign countries (exclusive of the British North
American provinces) was 10,298,234, of which
5,312,401 were sent from and 4,985,833 re-
ceived in the United States. Of this number
9,442,111 were exchanged with European coun-
tries, an increase of 877,204 as compared with
the previous year. The estimated number ex-
changed with the British provinces was 2,80(1,
000, making a total of over 13,100,000 letters
exchanged in the mails with foreign countries.
The number of newspapers sent to foreign
countries (exclusive of the British North
American provinces) was 2,956,599, and the
number received 1,871,710, making a total of
4,828,482. Of this number 4,418,482 were
exchanged with European countries. As no
postage accounts are kept, with the British prov-
inces the number of newspapers exchanged
between the United States and these provinces
cannot be stated, even approximately, although
it is known to have been large.
The transatlantic steamship lines employed
in the service of foreign Governments con-
veyed mails the postage on which amounted
to $1,091,189 55, and those employed in the
same service by this Department conveyed mails
the postage on which amounted to $878,410.
Ocean Transportation.
The cost of the transatlantic mail steam-
ship service eitiployed by this Department,
under the provisions of the law allowing sea
and inland postages to American and sea post-
ages only to foreign steamships was $551,-
338 01. Theamountpaidforthetransportation
of mails to and from the West Indies, &c., by
steamers receiving different rates of compen-
sation limited to the postages, was $60,711 77,
and the amount paid for sea and Isthmus con-
veyance of mails to and from Central and South
America, via Panama, was $22,956 79; making
a total expenditure for ocean transportation
of $635,006 57, exclusive of the payments
made to the Brazil and China lines, receiving
subsidies for mail service under special acts of
Congress.
Balance due Foreign Post Departments.
The excess of postage collections in the Uni-
ted States on the correspondence exchanged
with Great Britain and countries on the Con-
tinent of Europe was $564,757 13, and the
balance against the United States on adjust-
ment of the international postage accounts
with those countries amounted to $357,223 77.
Additional particulars of the results of the for-
eign mail service, which is increasing rapidly
in extent and importance, are embraced in the
appendix, and also in the report of the Aud-
itor, appended hereto.
Negotiations of new Postal Conventions with
Great Britain and Countries on the Conti-
nent of Europe.
Following the notice given by the British
Government for the termination of the postal
convention of 15th December, 1848, between
the United States and the United Kingdom, a
preliminary basis of a new convention reducing
the international letter postage from twenty-
four to twelve cents, and establishing moder-
ate charges for sea and territorial transit of
correspondence in closed mails was agreed
upon between this Department and the British
post office, the leading features of which were
stated in the last report. As the details of this
new convention were yet to be discussed and
formally adjusted with the British office, a
favorable opportunity was presented to estab-
lish enlarged facilities of mail communica-
tion with reduced and uniform rates of postage
to the Continent of Europe.
With this object in view Hon. John A.
Kasson was appointed a special commissioner
on behalf of this Department, with instructions
to proceed to Europe and negotiate in person
at the respective post departments, subject to
revision and approval by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the details of new postal conventions, in
conformity with the general basis of interna-
tional postal intercourse recommended by the
Paris conference of 1863—the main points
being the reduction of rates on international
mail communications, written and printed ; the
reduction or total abolition of territorial transit
charges on correspondence in closed mails;
the establishment, as nearly as possible, of
uniform postage rates to all parts of Europe;
and generally to simplify and render uniform
the rules governing the exchange of corre-
spondence with other countries.
Mr. Kasson was selected for this important
mission because of his knowledge ol postal
details obtained during his connection with the
Department as First Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, and particularly on account of his famil-
iarity with the postal questions to be dealt
with, which were fully discussed at the Paris
conference, m which lie took a prominent part
as the delegate from this Department. His suc-
cess thus far in accomplishing the objects of his
mission has been all that I could have reason-
ably expected, considering the different inter-
nal systems and variety of postal interests to
be consulted, and the delays encountered in
conducting such negotiations.
Liberal postal conventions, with general
uniformity of principles and details, have boon
concluded with the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, Belgium, Switzerland, the
Netherlands, the North German Union, and
Italy, securing important reductions of post-
age, and introducing other valuable improve-
ments in our postal intercourse with those
countries. Negotiations are also in progress
with the French post department for a similar
arrangement, which it is hoped may terminate
with like success.
The leading features of the postal conven-
tion with the United Kingdom, which goes into
full effect on the 1st of January, 1868, are:
1. A reduction of the international letter
rate from twenty-four to twelve cents.
2. The standard weight, for letters one
half ounce in the United Kingdom, or fifteen
grammes m the United States, with uniform
progression from that basis, one additional
rate for each additional weight or fraction of it.
3. Prepayment of letters optional, butunpaid
letters to be subject to a fine on delivery.
4. Prepayment of all other postal packets
compulsory in the mailing country, at rates to
be established by eaoh department, within a
prescribed minimum for book packets and
samples, and the receiving country to deliver
free of charge.
5. The postage collected in each country
upon international correspondence, written or
printed, to be equally divided, on the principle
that every letter receives an answer, and the
labors of each office are substantially equal.
But each country to collect for its own use the
fines imposed on unpaid letters which it receives
from the other.
6. The transit charge for letters in closed
mails, one half the interior rate in each coun-
try, namely, one and a half cents for the United
States, and one half of a penny for Great
Britain, to be computed by the ounce, or thirty
grammes, on letters, and by the pound or kilo-
gramme on other mails.
7. Each country to make its own arrange-
ments for the dispatch of mails to the other
by well-appointed ships, and to pay for the
transportation of the mails which it dis-
patches.
8- The free transfer of extra territorial
mails in the sea-ports of the two countries.
The conventions concluded with Belgium,
the Netherlands, the North German Union,
Italy, and Switzerland, respectively, contain
substantially the same principles and pro-
visions as the convention with the United
Kingdom, with such slight modifications as
were necessary to meet the peculiarities of the
postal system of each country.
The single rate for letters between the
United States and Belgium, by closed mails
through England, is reduced from twenty-
seven to fifteen cents; between the United
States and Prussia, embracing all the States
now included within the North German Union,
the single letter rate is reduced from thirty to
fifteen cents; and the same rate of fifteen
cents has been established to the Netherlands,
Italy, and to Switzerland, respectively, by
closed mails through England, thus securing
a uniform rate of letter postage to each of
these countries.
The conventions with Belgium and the
North German Union also establish a reduced
international rate often cents for letters trans-
mitted by regular lines of mail steamships ply-
ing directly between any port of the United
States and any port of the north of Europe.
'The principle of free transit for correspond-
ence transmitted in closed mails is adopted
in the conventions with the Netherlands and
Italy, and in each of the other conventions
very low transit charges are established.
Copies of these conventions are annexed.
Postal Convention with Hong Kong, China.
A postal convention, with simple provisions
avoiding postage accounts, has also been con-
cluded with the colonial Government of Hong
Kong, China, a copy of which is annexed. As
the colonial post office at Hong Kong exer-
cises exclusive control of all mails received at
and dispatched from that port a convention
regulating an exchange of correspondence with
that office became essential in connection with
the United States mail steamship service be-
tween San Francisco and Hong Kong. The
arrangements made with the Hong Kong office
embrace correspondence originating m thS
United States and addressed to Hong Kong or
to the dependent Chinese ports with which
Hong Kong maintains postal relations, includ-
ing Canton, Amoy, Swatow, and Foo-chow;
and vice versa of correspondence originating in
Hong Kong or the dependent Chinese ports
and addressed to the United States. Pre-
payment is compulsory. Each office retains
the postage which it collects at the established
rates on the correspondence which it forwards
to the other, and the receiving office delivers
free of charge.
A corresponding arrangement has been pro-
posed by this Department to the British post
office with respect to the correspondence
originating in the United States and addressed
to the ports in India, regularly served with
mails by British contract packets from Hong
Kong and vice versa.
Registration of Letters to British North Ameri-
can Provinces.
The arrangement between the United States
and Canada for the mutual exchange of regis-
tered letters has been extended to registered
letters exchanged with New Brunswick, Novit
