40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 2Q,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
lieport of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Scotia, and Prince Edward's Island, respect-
ively.
Mail Steamship Service to Japan and China,
The mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and China, authorized by the act of
Congress approved February 17, 1805, was
commenced on the 1st of January, 1807, by
the departure of the steamship Colorado from
Sail hrancisco with the mails for Japan and
China, and two additional round trips have
heen performed between San Francisco, Yo-
kohama, and Hong Kong, by that steamer,
departing from San Francisco on 3d of April
and 4th of July, and delivering return mails
at that port on 15th of June and 15th of Sep-
tember, respectively. The average duration
of the three voyages of the Colorado were as
follows., namely:
-r, „ Days. Hours.
From San Francisco to Yoko-
hama  22 17
From San Frnneisco to ilong
Kong, including detention at
Yokohama  30 11
From Yokohama to Hong
„ Konsr  «
From Ilong Kong to Yokoh una.
from Yokohama to Ban Fran-
7
21
Miit.
41
10
•is
•1U
Cisco   
From Ilong Kong to Sun Fran-
cisco, including detention at
iokohain.i  30
22
The Great Republic and China, built ex-
pressly for this service, have been placed
upon the line. The Great Republic has just
completed^ her first round voyage, begun at
San Francisco September 3, 3807, and ended
November 19, 1807, and the China entered on
her first voyage from San Francisco on the
14th of October, 18l>7. The contractors expect
to have the Japan, the third steamship build-
ing tor the line, ready for service about the 1st
of July, 18li8, and the fourth steamship, not
yet named, but now on the stocks in a state of
forwardness, will likewise be ready for service
in January, 180!h They are unable at present
to indicate the time of commencing the full
monthly service required by the contract.
A supplemental contract was executed on
the 20th of^ March, 18G7, a copy of which i,^
annexed, for the conveyance of the United
States mails without additional charge, in lieu
of the Honolulu service released, by a branch
line of steamers between Yokohama or other
port in Japan used by the main line and the
port of Shanghai, in China, making continu-
ous regular monthly trips between said ports
in connection with the main line, both on the
outward and homeward voyages, according to
terms and conditions of the second section
°q !iie act o1' Congress approved February 18,
180/ ; the branch service to be put into opera-
tion m connection with the steamship leaving
Sail Francisco on the 3d of July, 1807, for
Yokohama and Hong Kong, and her return.
In April last the contractors applied for per-
mission to perform the mail service between
iokoiiama and_ Hong Kong by a monthly
mancfi line of first-class American side-wheel
steamships, in regular connection with the
main hue, under the stipulations of the con-
tract, similar to those authorized by the act of
.February 18, 1867, for the branch service be-
tweeni okohama and Shanghai, representing
that it might become necessary, in order to
perform the China mail service with the fullest
efficiency, to terminate the voyage of the large
ships required by the contract at Yokohama,
and to employ one or more branch steamships
of a like class and description, but less in size
on y, to do the service between Yokohama
and Hong Kong After full consideration and
consultation with the Attorney General upon
the question of authority, who was of the opin-
ion that the modification of service desired
7~aS the.RPirit of the law of February
i/, i bo, considered m connection with the
amendatory act of February 18, 1807, the per-
mission asked was granted by the Department
until Congress shall have legislated further in I
relation to this service. The steamer New
York was dispatched on 3d of August fur
Hong Kong and Yokohama, via Cape of Good
Hope, to he ready to perforin the branch ser-
vice between those two ports, should it be found
best to do it in this way, under the permission
granted by I lie Department.
The company have also been authorized to
change the Japan port of calling from Yoko-
hama to Osaka, and to carry the transfer into
immediate effect if their president, who has
gone to Japan and China for the purpose of
inspecting and perfecting the service in that
quarter, should consider it desirable to make
that change in order to increase the efficiency
of the mail service, and benefit all interests
connected with the establishment of the line.
ro carry into successful operation a new
steamship line of such extent and national
importance it was deemed expedient to em-
ploy a mail agent on board of each steamship
to reecive and take charge of the mails, to
attend to their exchange and delivery at all
points on the route, and also advise the Depart-
ment of all irregularities of service, and make
such recommendations for promoting its use-
fulness and efficiency as personal observation
would enable them to suggest. Four agents
have been appointed and are now employed in
this service; two on the mam line between
^an 1'rancihco and \ okohama, one between
Yokohama and Ilong lvong, and one on the
branch line between Yokohama and Shanghai.
It was also necessary to employ agents at
Kamtgawa, Japan, ami at Shanghai, China,
to receive, deliver, make up, and dispatch the
mails conveyed to and from each of those
ports ; and in the absence of legislation author-
izing the establishment of United States postal
agencies in connection with this service, or
any appropriation to pay salaries of officers
and other expenses incident thereto, the United
States consul general at Shanghai, and United
•States consul at Kanagawa were, with the con-
currence of the Department of State, desig-
nated United States resident mail agents at
those ports, respectively, and instructed to act
in that, capacity in connection with their coiv
sular duties, this Department to pay all neees-
saiy expenses for clerk hire, &c., incurred in
attending to the mails. In respect to Hong
Kong no such provision was requisite, as the
correspondence conveyed to and from that port
was required to pass through the colonial post
office.
The establishment of the branch line to
Shanghai makes that city the principal dis-
tributing point for the correspondence between
the United States and China, and the amount
of service required to attend to the postal busi-
ness there will be much larger than at any other
port. As our consuls in China and Japan may
very well act as postal agents in connection
with their other duties, I recommend that
authority be given to establish, in connection
with the mail steamship service to Japan and
China, a general postal agency for China, at
Shanghai, with such branch agencies at other
ports in China and Japan as may, in the judg-
ment of the Postmaster General,' be necessary;
and to pay the postal agents appointed and
employed at such ports reasonable compensa-
tion for their services in addition to the neces-
sary expenses allowed for conducting the postal
business.
Mail Steamship Line to the Hawaiian Islands.
The contract for the mail steamship service
between the United States and the Hawaiian
islands, authorized by act of March 2, 1807
was awarded to the California, Oregon, and
Mexico Steamship Company, whose bid for
the required service at the sum of $75,000 for
the performance of twelve round trips per
annum between the port of San Francisco and
the port of Honolulu was the only one received
under the advertisement inviting proposals for
the service. A contract was executed by the
company on the 30th July, 1807, a copy of which
is annexed. The service was commenced oil
the 15th October, 1867.
Proposed Steamship Service to Venezuela.
The postal convention between the United
States and Venezuela went into operation on
the 1st of Octobcr, 1806, and the Government
of Venezuela has, through its minister, pro-
posed to this Department the establishment of
a direct line of mail packets between the two
countries, the expense of the service to be
divided equally between the two Governments.
The propriety of authorizing this Department
to unite with Venezuela in establishing such
a line on the basis proposed is respectfully
referred to the consideration of Congress.
Mail Steamship Service to Brazil.
The United States mail steamship service
between NewYorkand Puode Janeiro, Brazil,
has been performed without interruption and
with reasonable regularity considering the great
length of the route and the delays encountered
at some of the intermediate ports, particularly
the port of Para, at the mouth of the Amazon,
the entrance to which is difficult and dan-
gerous. Para was not originally embraced in
this route but was made an additional port of
call to accommodate the Government of Brazil
which insisted in its acceptance of the propo-
sals of the contractors that the steamer should
touch at that port both on the outward and
homeward trips, thereby prolonging the voy-
ages to and from liio de Janeiro about two
days, as well as increasing the expense of the
service to the United States $30,000 per
annum. As the time occupied in calling at
1 ura would be of great value to the respective
Governments in expediting the transmission of
the mails between the terminal ports and
securing important connections at St. Thomas
with the inter-colonial mail packets, it is my
purpose to urge the Brazilian Government to
assent to such a modification of the service as
will relieve the through steamers from calling
at that port.
APPOINTMENTS.
The number of post oflices established dur-
ing the year, 1,885; number discontinued,
0,111; decrease of offices, 4.226; number of
post offices m operation on the 80th June 1800
hi eluding suspended offices in the southern
It 'Si ' ' t0 number„iti operation on
the oOth June, 1807,25,103; number of offices
.subject to appointment by the President £'37 •
number by the Postmaster General, 'H 3-^!
appointments made to fill vacancies by resWia-
1011 of postmasters, 4,005; by removals, 3.144;
by change of names and sites. 135; by death
0 postmasters, 215; by establishment of new
offices, 1,8b.); total number of appointments,
J,744, number of cases acted upon, 15,000.
_ A large majority of offices discontinued are
m the southern States, the service at which
was suspended by order of the Postmaster
General in May 1801, and were not in opera-
tion thereafter, but not regularly discontinued
Ihese offices were reported by the .Auditor to
the appointment office as having failed to mJZ
1 eturns for five years, and their discontinuance
cer to closo thP " nec0S8arV° enal,le tllat °,fi"
advisibi*
$1117 600 'v ' a?gre ate compensation,
ssisr ; •«i&ssjsszz
Number ofreglllar ba i <>",
of temSv b°mpe,,sation> §3,3-20. Xumbw
comTeffin.lW 5°; ^gute
messenwr® ■></. ,' "" uni'Jer of mail route
000 fo.;,"" SSfegate compensation. Slu,-
°- ' °'al ,?T«b-Cor.,(lemPl0yfe. ' Total
compensation, $859,330.
