2564:
THE CONGRESSIONAL'
May -25,
it, with a view to tbe interests of science. All
that is very well; it is commendable ; it is
praiseworthy. J for one am glad to know that
the State of Illinois is not only able but willing
to send expeditions of that kind. They are
useful to the country. But the question after
all is, whether what you might almost call this
back-door way of organizing expeditions for
this Government, and its people to pay the
taxes for, if they, are small, is quite right?
My friend says that last year the only appli-
cation that was made, and that was granted,
was_ to obtain supplies from the Army posts,
paying the cost for them. Now, it is pro-
posed this year that the Secretary of War shall
place at the disposal of the expedition quar-
termaster's stores and commissary stores to
the extent that may be necessary to enable
the expedition to prosecute its work, and that
work is the exploration of the river Colorado ;
and my friend tells us, and truly, I dare say,
that there are five or six hundred miles of that
river that are as dubious as the sources of the
Nile used to be; that they are laid down by
imagination on the map. Here are five or six
hundred miles of survey to be done by this party,
it is now proposed, practically at the expense of
the United States. That is the long and the short
of it. If the United States wish to explore that
river—and my friend says they do, but that, I
take it,, would be for Congress to determine—
we have plenty of Army officers to do it, so that
iL would cost us no more than this will cost.
All that we should have to supply them with,
as we pay them, would be commissary ami
quartermaster's stores. I confess I do-notlike
the principle of it. it is altogetlierprobablethat
these rations and things that are supplied will
not cost us over 825,000 ; but that, to a State
as small and as poor as the one I come from,
is of some consequence ; and if we do not stop
pomewhere in making these small appropria-
tions the aggregate of our civil list, if we can
call it sucit, will be a great deal swollen in the
end.
This is all I have to say. Of course I sym-
pathize with the object of the expedition; but
i do not think the United States ought to pay
for it.
• Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the im-
portance of this expedition and of the results
of it is very great.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it expected that the
river will be proved to be navigable beyond
the canon ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I do not think
that will be demonstrated at all. I think there
is a sufficient knowledge of it now to know that
it is not a navigable river to its source, and
that there are many hundred miles of it not
navigable ; but it is nevertheless important to
ascertain and determine the course of the river,
and not only that but to determine the country
adjacent to it. The State of Illinois, in encour-
aging the prosecution of this work, is entitled
to very great credit. It is under the direction
of one of the best men in the nation.
It was stated by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, when up, that General Palmer had made
a reeonnoissanee in connection with what is
called the eastern division of the Pacific rail-
way route. So he has, sir; but not of this
country. He crossed the country from Albu-
querque to the Colorado river. He was not in
this region at all. But it is very essential to
their further operations that they ascertain as
much as they can of this region that is now
being explored under the direction and by the
personal superintendence of Professor Powell.
1 had some conversation recently with General
Palmer on the subject, and he furnished me
with an article contributed to a magazine,
giving an account of what is known of the
Colorado river, of the upper part of it, and
also an account of the progress of the three
men spoken of through a portion of the canon
of the river. Now, what is asked for is not
extensive at all. Such quartermaster's and
commissary's stores as this party will require
will be some flour and pork and probably a
few mules ; nothing beyond that. The whole
expenditure under the direction of this expe-
dition would probably not exceed a few thou-
sand dollars, and it would be a contribution to
knowledge which the whole country is inter-
ested in obtaining.
I know it is difficult for gentlemen who live
in the East to understand or sufficiently esti-
mate the extent of the West, and the extent
of that West belonging to their own country
which is not yet understood. It is only twenty-
five years since Colonel, now General Frl-
mont was authorized to explore what is at
this day as well understood as the citj of
Washington, but was then unknown to 'this
country. Now portions of it may. be said to
be teeming with population, industry, and civ-
ilization, and it is the result in part of the
explorations that he made, and that were made
at that period of time. Certainly, sir, we should
not be too economical, too close, when work
of this kind is to be done, and will be done so
well. If the Government should organize an
expedition to make the exploration in which
Professor Powell is engaged it would probably
cost $100,000 before it were done, while in all
human probability the expenditures to be made
under this resolution, if it shall pass, will not
reach more than a few thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if this resolu-
tion passes, it seems to me there 'should be
some amendment made in it limiting the
amount of these supplies to be furnished.
Mr. CONNESS. You would give them as
much as they wanted if they had any at all,
would you not?
Mr. HOWE. The commissary department
and the quartermaster's department make their
estimates every year for what they want for the
supply of those branches of the service.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow
me to read the proviso which covers that:
Provided, That such issuo is not detrimental to the
interests of the military service.
Mr. HOWE. The military service cannot
be damaged by the amount of supplies fur-
nished. The military service would be taken
care of all the same. The only efl'ect would
be that there would be a deficiency bill when
we get together in December next, and what
the amount of that deficiency bill would be
would depend upon the character of this ex-
ploration. If the exploration is really con-
ducted in the interests of science, pure sci-
ence, probably the supplies would not be very
heavy, and the deficiency therefore would not
be very great. But this river, I understand,
runs through a territory supposed to be rich
in mines and not very much explored, and if
enterprising mining companies should take it
into their heads that this was a good oppor-
tunity to employ Professor Powell to make
surveys in their interest, undoubtedly Profes-
sor Powell, having instructions to the quarter-
masters and commissaries to furnish him all
the transportation he wanted, and all the sub-
sistence he wanted, could conduct such ex-
aminations to great advantage, so far as the
companies were concerned. 1 think he could
do it more cheaply than anybody else, prifo-
ably.
You see that this little resolution, no bigger
than a grain of mustard seed apparently to
look at, is, after all, an unlimited appropria-
tion of commissary and quartermaster's stores.
It is that in effect. That it would be so used
of course I cannot know. That it would not
be so used nobody can know who does not
know thoroughly the character of Professor
Powell. There can be no sort of objection to
limiting the amount of this appropriation, I
take it; and those who know what the charac-
ter of the survey is, what the particular purpose
to which it is directed is, can best suggest the
amount that is wanted, i do not know, and !
therefore I cannot offer an amendment; but I '
certainly should not be willing to vote for the
resolution as it stands.
Mr. TliUMBULL. I have before me now
communications which will explain very fully j
this whTole transaction if Senators will pay at- !
tention. First is a communication from Pro- !
fessor Powell himself stating what this expe-
dition is, and addressed to General Grant:
Illinois National History Society-,
Normal, Illinois, April 2,1868.
General : A party of naturalists, under the aus-
pices of the State Normal University of Illinois, wish
to make a scientific survey of the Colorado river of
the W est. This work is to be a continuation of work
done last year in north, middle, and south parks.
It is hoped that a survey of that river can be made
from its source to the point where the survey made
by Lieutenant Ives was stopped.
In addition to the general scientific survey a topo-
graphical survey of the region visited will be made.
Th^ervices of two civil engineers have been secured
'<|pi*rhis purpose.
Vcmost respectfully request that the proper officers
be instructed to issue rations to this party while thus
engaged, the party to consist of not more than twenty -
five persons.
I need not urge upon your attention the import-
ance of the general scientific survey to the increase
of knowledge. It is believed that the grand canon
of the Colorado will give the best geological section
on the conlinent.
Nor is it necessary to plead the value to the "War
Department of a topographical survey of that won-
derful region, inhabited as it is by powerful tribes
of Indians, that will doubtless become hostile as the
prospector and the pioneer encroach upon their
bunting grounds.
Vou will also observe that the aid asked of the
Government is trivial in comparison with what such
expeditions have usually cost it. The usual appro-
priation lor such an exploration has been many
thousands of dollars.
I transmit herewith a copy of my "preliminary
report" to the Board of Education of the State of
Illinois on last year's work.
Invoking your favorable consideration of this re-
quest, 1 am, with great respect, your obedient ser-
vant, J. W. POW13LL,
Secretary Illinois National History Society.
General U. S. Grant, Commanding U. S. Army.
General Grant's indorsement is upon it to
this effect:
I respectfully recommend that rations be ordered
to be issued to Major Powell and his party of twenty-
five men by Army commissaries whereon he may call
for them while engaged m the exploration ot the
Colorado rivir ot the West. The work is one of
national interest. U. S. GRANT,
April 3, l&b8. General.
The action of the Commissary General is
this :
Office Commissary General Subsistence,
April 6,
Respectfully returned to the Secretary oi War, with
the remark that it is believed that " rations" cannot
be ' issued" to the party as requested without the
sanction of law, as its members are not the employes
of or in the service of the United States. It is re-
spectfully suggested that the only facilities for their
subsistence tliey, the party, can properly beaccorded
from the Army subsistence stores is the authority to
purchase at the total cost to the United States, at the
points of purchase, such subsistence stores as the
party may require when they can, in the judgment
of the commanding officer, be spared without detri-
ment to thefult and pioper subsistence ot thetroops.
it this is not deemed satisfactory to the principal of
the party it is respeetiuliy suggested that he should
obtain the enactment of a law according him such
other aid as he may seek. A. B. EATON,
Commissary General of Subsistence.
Then follows a letter of Professor Henry :
Smithsonian Institution, April 21,1S6S.
My Dear Sir: Permit me to introduce to your
acquaintance the bearer of this note, Professor Pow-
ell, of the University of Illinois, and to commend his
petition to your favorable consideration. He has
organized a company of young men to explore the
region of the Colorado of the West ami desires some
assistance Irom Government in the way of transport-
ation and subsistence.
The expedition is purely one of science and has no
relalion to personal or pecuniary interests, but ia
intended to develop the geology, the natural nistorv.
topography, and physical geography of one of the
^riu lnterestmg regions of our continent.
lhoui?h the object of the exploration is the ad-
vance oi science, its results will be of much pructio >1
I t' ^Jkoproiossor intends to give special atten-
tion to the hydrology ot the mountain system in its
relation to agriculture.
The vapor from the Pacific ocean, which would
otherwise feitihze the interior of the continent is
Pf s?«° east by tho mountains. «>us
dopimng the soil of an essential ingredient of pio-
aiiv. aven ess: but tins vapor, in the form of water, may
again oe reclaimed for the uses of the husbandman
,Kncus system ot irrigation, founded or. a
of thJcoumry hydrology and topography
The expedition of Professor Powell has the entire
SSI II1 -.e fcputhsoman Institution, and will be
ictions and such i'aeiiiues
rm mer:nV?1!1 afford m the way of outfit.
iiie cost of the assistance which he askf from Gor-
" nothing in comparison with the import-
Mil knowledge which we may reasonably
expect will be obtained.
I am, with much respect, very truly, your fri™d and
®fv"ant' JOSEPH HENRY,
lion. J. A. Garfield, House o,f Repreaentatiw«.
