1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
These communications show the object of
the expedition and what its character is. I
rose merely for the purpose of reading them to
the Senate that they might see the character of
the expedition. It is indorsed by General
Grant, who recommended that the rations be
supplied as asked, but it seems the Commis-
sary General thoughtit could not be done with-
out some resolution of Congress. That is what
has led to the introduction of this joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I am very
glad that the Senator from Illinois has presented
these documents, and I am very glad to find
that the Senator is in favor of this appropria-
tion for the West. I take it that hereafter he
will be in favor of every such appropriation of
public means, when knowledge is to be con-
tributed as the result, particularly if the investi-
gation is placed under the direction of a dis-
tinguished citizen of Illinois.
1 hope that we shall not discuss it longer, but
allow this small amount of public supplies to
be given for this great use. It is steps of this
kind that bring that great country forward, that
bring the populous regions of the West and the
capital with the West in connection with the
great unknown West and make them one. 1
but express the hope now, in conclusion, that
my friend from Illinois will remember that there
are many such expeditions organized and con-
ducted by able, honest, enterprising men who
are not residents of his great State, and I hope
hereafter to have his aid on such occasions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
certainly be disposed to aid persons engaged
in the pursuit of scientific knowledge that is
of practical benefit to the country where it'
can reasonably be done; but I hope the Sen-
ator from California will not consider me as
committed to the irnprovementof ail the rivers
and harbors and creeks, because an unexplored
region of the West is a matter which may
properly engage the attention of the Govern-
ment in this small way, and it is a very small
way. The fact seems to be made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont an objection that it is under-
taken by pi ivate parties, by the assistance of
the State of Illinois. He thinks we might or-
ganize a Government expedition of engineers
and officers for ourselves.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said if the expedition
were necessary to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have organized
many such expeditions by the Government. As
the Senator from Ohio said sometime ago, they
have cost us a great deal of money. Now,
when other parties have undertaken them, I
see no reason ivhy the Government of the
United States should say " We will notaid you
at all," and insist upon doing the whole work
itself at a much larger expense. It seems to
me that it is the duty of this Government to
foster every expedition of this kind. I do not
suppose any application would have been made
for any assistance at all but for the peculiar
character of this expedition. The Senator
from Vermont knows that it would be very
difficult if not impossible to carry on this ex-
pedition by a private party unless that party
could apply to our military posts stationed
near them, from time to time, for such assist-
ance as might be necessary. No private citizen
can have established depots of provisions all
through that country from which he can draw.
It is an unexplored region. He wants the
privilege of applying at the nearest posts which
may be most convenient for such aid in the
way of provisions as may be necessary for this
small party. That is the extent of the matter.
I do not suppose it will cost $5,000. I have
not the least idea it will cost that much.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the great
question with me is where the process of econ-
omy that we have been preaching about so
long is going to begin. If a large grant is pro-
posed of money or land, or whatever it may
be, if you undertake to oppose it you are over-
awed by the majesty of the undertaking, and
you find yourself at once in a hopeless minor-
ity in attempting to suspend any large expend-
iture. If a small application is made for a
draft on the Treasury, then you are almost
laughed at for descending to so low a business
as undertaking to stop expenditures. And so
it really becomes a matter of some curiosity
with me to know when and on what bills and
under what circumstances it is that we are
really, as a matter of fact, to say, "We will
not expend the money proposed." We have
failed to begin yet. All parties for the last
year have been crying through the country
economy, retrenchment, diminution of ex-
penses, in order to reach a diminution of
taxes which are the burdens that bear heavily
on the labor and industry of the country. But
when we come to put the thing in practice it
so happens that there is never a bill to which
we find that it ought to be applied in that par-
ticular case. It is always some other bill,
some abstraction that may come up hereafter
that we are to be economical about.
My motive in raising the question about this
proposition was, more than anything else; to
see if there was a conceivable case in which
the Senate would be willing to say, "We feel
•ftt liberty to reduce this little drain upon the
Treasur3'." Now what does this turn out to
be? As is stated in the communication of
Professor Henry and Professor Powell, whom
I respectand admire as much as my friend from
Illinois does—that is notwhatlam combating
by any means—the Colorado river was explored
at Government expense about 1851,1 think, by
Lieutenant Ives, who began at its mouth and
pj^fslcuted his explorations as far as a small
at could be got to go, until he came to the
rcanons ; and he gives us in his book, which was
printed and distributed at the expense of Con-
gress—I remember as if it were yesterday
almost,nowthatitcomes back to recollection—
a picture of what might be called the tip-end,
the jumping-off place, where his explorations
of the Colorado river stopped; a gorge in the
mountains that was scarcely wide enough to
drive a wagon into, if there had been a lloor
at the bottom instead of a roaring torrent,
where his explorations ended perforce. He
had gone as far up the Colorado as it seemed
to be useful to the interests of man or of Gov-
ernment that anybody should go.
Now, it is proposed to begin at its mountain
springs and follow it down to that point, which,
in a geological sense, which in the interests of
natural history and geology, is a very good
thing to do. There is no mistake about that;
and I should be very glad, if it were not for the
Indians and the poorness of the rations, to be
one of the party myself. But the question is,
whether this is not one of those instances in
which we can justly and fairly at this present
moment save this $5,000, if it be $5,000, or
§10,000, if it be $10,000, or whatever the sum
may be, without doing injustice to anybody.
It is not claimed that we are under any obli-
gation to do this. The Colorado will be there
five years hence, when taxation is reduced and
when the quantity of money in our Treasury,
I hope, will be largely increased. The canons
will be there, the geology will be there, and it
can be done then, if need be.
But, sir, I do not know that it is of any use to
object to this measure. There is one thing very
noticeable about it, however. Professor Pow-
ell, with that accuracy and modesty which
almost always characterize learned men and
true men,' merely applies to the War Depart-
ment for rations for twenty-five men, which is
a trifling thing. Of course you can see that
and know what it is. That is the whole of his
application, rations for twenty-five men while
engaged in making this survey. General Grant
thinks that is a trifling matter, which can be
furnished, and he recommended it. It turns
out, however, in point of law, that it cannot be
furnished unless he pays cost price. Then,
what kind of a bill do we get here? We get
a bill which says that the War Department is
authorized and directed to, furnish to the ex
pedition, without limit as to the number of
men, all the quartermaster's stores and com-
missary stores, which include a great deal more
than the rations, that may be necessary for the
expedition to prosecute its work. Out o'f a
very small, modest, and, I should be almost
inclined myself to say, a proper application for
• that which they cannot very well get anywhere
else—twenty-five rations—there grows up a bill,
from the House of Representatives to put the
whole commissary and quartermaster's depart-
ment, without limit of any kind as to the num-
ber of persons who are to receive its benefits,
or as to the benefits to be conferred, at the
disposal of this expedition, and there is no
explanation of that given.
My friend from California says it is not "di-
rected." My friend is too old a legislator as
well as lawyer not to know that an authority
of this kind conferred upon a Department is
equivalent to a command. It is useless to re-
fine upon the distinction here between authority
and direction when you are telling a Depart-
ment how it may or shall do a particular thing.
I have occupied more time, Mr. President,
than I desired. I do not know but that the
Senate has cost the United States more in talk-
ing about this bill than it would to have given
the rations, but I though tit lit to say, once for
all, that I want to see the time come when on
some bill or other the Committee on Appropri-
ations and the Committee on Finance and all
the rest of us who represent tax-paying con-
stituents will be willing to say. "Hereis some-
thing that can be dispensed with for the time
being," however appropriate or necessary it
may be in and of itself.
Mr. CONNESS. Why, Mr. President, that
is said every day, and said very often in a most
damaging condition to the public service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Give an instance.
Mr. CONNESS. I will give the honorable
Senator an instance: the appropriations foy
the Indian service in the Territory of Arizona.
There has been a war with the Indians for
many years at an expense of millions of dol-
lars annually. There are, I think, four regi-
ments there now, and have been, but tiiey are
so reduced that unless they are more suffi-
ciently provided, the war now suppressed will
break out again with redoubled lorce. The
superintendent of Indian affairs in that Terri-
tory is here now in this city. He is a gentle-
man of character and integrity; he is a relative
of General Grant. I know him personally,
and know him to be what I state, and he comes
here to state facts that he knows. At an annual
salary of $2,000 in greenbacks he gets the
agreeable service of traveling through the en-
tirety of that extensive Territory managing
Indian affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law does not compel
that.
Mr. CONNESS. His duty compels him,
and that is the highest form of compulsion to
an honest man. He has organized Indian
laborers to the extent of seventeen hundred,
and planted corn to the extent of four thousand
acres, and Congress, just as his work is begin-
ning, in the frame of economy without intelli-
gently investigating and ascertaining the facts,
cuts off the appropriation. Now, while it is a
virtue to be economical, and we all know it or
ought, to know it, it is not a virtue in Gov-
ernment, nor is it wise to strike at every public
appropriation. There ought to be a limit to
that as well as to expenditure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is a little
difficult for me to see on what principle this
measure can be justified. This is not an expe-
dition authorized by the Government, or over
which the Government has any control, or to
which it can give the slightest direction. I
submit that it is a very novel proceeding that
the Government shall be called upon to sup-
port an expedition over which it has no con-
trol, and in whose researches it cannot by any
possibility have the slightest interest except
in that general way which would result from
any enterprise tending to develop the country.
We have methods by which what is here con-
