1867.
the congressional globe.
157
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
waive my motion until the Chair presents the
communications.  
SALE OF AN INDIAN RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a '
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs relative to the im-
portance of selling a certain Indian reservation ;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
AKMT CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, in compliance with the acts of
April 21, 1808, and July 17, 1862, transmitting
a statement of contracts made by the quarter- i
master's department from February 1 to No- !
veniber SO, 1807; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
APPROPRIATION FOR RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting a communication from the Pay-
master General asking for a further appropria-
tion for reconstruction purposes in the third
military district; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
INCREASE OP FORCE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting, with his concurrence, a commu-
nication from the Commissary General asking
an increase of officers of that branch of the
service; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY OFFICES IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, in reference to an appropriation
for a building at San Francisco for the use of
military offices in that city; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT BONDS BOUGHT, SOLD, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the
act of April 12, 186(3, a statement of five-
twenty aud seven-thirty bonds bought, sold,
&c.; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
LOUIS M. GOLDSBOROUOn.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, in reply to a resolution of the House of
the 26th ultimo, relative to the fact of Louis
M. Goldsborough having been appointed an
acting lieutenant while a midshipman in the
Navy, whether he drew the pay of the in-
creased rank, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM ST MARIE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, in regard to the claim ot William
S t. Marie, for compensation for information fur-
nished in the Surratt case ; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the various
votes by which the several executive commu-
nications were referred to appropriate commit-
tees ; and also moved to l^y the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Eilrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title ; when the Speaker
signed the same, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 165) granting a certain
right of way to the Hudson River West Shore
Railroad Company.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TILL MONDAY.
Mr. DAWES. There are so many gentlemen
desirous of speaking in the Committee of the
Whole that I will move to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to adjourn over
until Monday next, and ask that by unanimous
consent to-morrow be devoted to debate fes in
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I object;
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to the
i motion to adjourn over.
| The question was taken; and upon a division
j there were—ayes 73, noes 33.
I So the motion to reconsider was agreed to. j
j The question recurred upon the motion to |
j adjourn over.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with- ^
! draw the motion.
Mr. DAWES. I ho# ask that by unani-
< mons consent to-morrow be devoted to speaking
| as in the Committee of the Whole, no business
| to be transacted, and the right to adjourn from
- to-morrow till Monday next to be reserved. .
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly. I
ORDER OF BUSINESS. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now !
renew the motion that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the President's annual message,
on which Mr." Maynard was entitled to the
floor.
TENNESSEE RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I ask the
indulgence of the House to vindicate the State
government of Tennessee. It has been un-
justly assailed ; and I should be wanting in
duty to the people I represent did I let the
assaults pass without reply. The first to make
an attack was the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.] 1 give his words at length.
He is making objection to the admission to
seats in this House of the entire delegation of
the State—a challenge to the array:
" My second point is, that I object to the swearing
in of the whole delegation, upon the ground that
there does not exist, and did not exist at the time of
this election in the State of Tennessee, a republican
form of government such as is required by the Con-
stitution of the United States to entitle a State to a
representation upon the floor of this House. With-
out entering at any great length into this point at the
present time, the substance of my argument is
grounded upon tho elective franchise law of the
State of Tennessee, passed in 1865. 1 object upon tho
ground that the elective franchise law of Tennessee,
under which these gentlemen arc said to have been
elected, disfranchises a large portion of the white
population—a majority of the white population of
the State of Tennessee; that these members thus
elected under that State franchise law of tho State
of Tennessee were elected by 55.000 negro votes,
45,000 white voters only voting, and that there were
disfranchised in tho State of Tennessee in that elec-
tion from forty to forty-five thousand white voters;
100,000 voters controlled that election, 55,000 of whom
were negroes; 45,000 whites being voted down, and
40,000 white voters disfranchised, who could not vote
iit all under the law of the State. I object to them
upon the ground that an oligarchy exists and reigns
in the State of Tennessee, and that it is not such a
republican form of government as the Constitution
prescribes and ordains. And therefore I objcct to
the swearing in of the whole delegation upon the
principles which I have here alleged."
This attack is certainly from an unexpected
source. Scarcely two years ago, at the assem-
i bling of the last Congress, in which he had
the honor of taking a seat, I was present with
my colleagues seeking admission as Represent-
atives of Tennessee under the same govern-
ment which he now so vigorously arraigns,
administered principally by the same men, and
elected under the franchise law of 1865. I
shall not easily forget how chivalrously he
sprang forward as our champion, nor how his
melodious voice rang in indignation at our ex-
clusion ; certainly not the kind things personal
to myself with which he interlarded the debate.
And when, the other day, we came to the door,
bearing credentials signed by the same Gov-
ernor, impressed by the same great seal,
affixed by the same hand, and were met at
the threshold by the gentleman, like a senti-
nel angel, sword in hand, forbidding our en-
trance, I confess to a little of the et tu Brute
feeling.
The next attack comes from the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] speaking to
the same point. His language is this:
"Another observation and Ihavedone. The whole
State government of Tennessee as at present organ-*
ized and administered is a disgrace to the American
nation and to the civilization of the age. What
ought to be the action of the House in regard to the
entire delegation claiming to represent that State
here I will not undertake to argue; but, sir, it is a
notorious fact, and can be proved if necessary, that
Union soldiers, men who fought in the Union Army
ia Tennessee during the entire war, have been ex-
cluded and driven from the polls and not permitted
to vote under the Brownlow usurpation because they
Would not put their hands upon their mouths and
their mouths in the dust, and bow their knees sup-
pliantly to the nc^ro government established there,
and which lords it over tho white freemen of that
once noble and illustrious State. For that, and that
alone. Union soldiers all over the State, I charge it
here, and itcan be proved if the House will order an
investigation, have been driven or excluded from the
polls simply and solely because they would not crook
the pregnant hinges of the knee to the negro and the
negro-worshiping oligarchy in that most outrage-
ously misgoverned of all States in the civilized
world."
These be brave words, and coming from one
who stood up for us and our government so
manfully in the last Congress cannot fail to
j fill us with regret at the loss of such a friend.
I come down toth'e gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldridge.] I refer solely to the
order of time. He is speakingto no particular
point, bat uses this language toward the gov-
ernment of Tennessee":
"The gentleman undertakes to justify his State and
defend its government. He says his State has been
attacked here. Whatl the old sovereign State of
Tennessee attacked here in this House? By no means.
It is only that infamous Stato government that tho
gentleman and his friends have set up on the found-
ation of the old and once glorious State of Tennessee
that has been attacked—that government which no
honest, no upright, or just man can justify or defend
that has been attacked. Why, sir, who has attacked
the State of Tennessee? My friend from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall,] did not. He did attack the present
government—the Brownlow government—there, and
told this House and the country that it was a des-
potism and a disgrace to the civilization of the age.
And I concur in that sentiment. The oppression
there would shame a despotism anywhere on the face
of God's earth, and the gentleman cannot deny it.
The gentleman says they enfranchised the negroes
and disfranchised white rebels only. How did you
do it? I would ask him. Did you disfranchise them
according to your constitution and laws? Or did
you enfranchise and disfranchise by the despotic
hand of power—by your Brownlow bayonets? Tho
government now enforced was never established by
the voluntary will or choice of the people."
Tothe'Same effect is the language of another
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] who says,
"We all know the government in Tennessee
was established by the bayonets there;" and
on a subsequent day he reiterated the statement
in a more amplified shape:
"Mr. McClurg. How about Tennessee?
"Mr. Ross. Tennessee is still unfortunately under
the rule of the bayontt and I believe my friend
from Missouri, [Mr. McClurg,] who has called my
attention to tho State of Tennessee, was one of those
who voted at the last session of Congress to take
twenty-five thousand stand of Government arms ana
send them down to tho Brownlow government in
Tennessee, that the free white men of Tennessee
might be kept from tho polls, and that the negro
population, aided by a few degenerate white men,
might control the elective franchise in that State."
This is the impeachment against our Stato
government, and these are the impeachers.
In examining -the charges negatively, it is
well to remark that no complaint is made of
any social or civil rights violated; of any per-
son of whatever opinion, condition, or color,
unprotected in life, liberty, person, reputation,
property, or business; of any crime unpun-
ished, or any individual wrong unredressed.
It is a significant feet that with respect to these
primary and fundamental offices of govern-
