2866
THE CON&RESSI0i\TAL "GLOBS.
Ma
templated- may properly be done under the
sanction of the Government, and under such
circumstances that the Government would have
some voice in it, and give some direction to it.
I submit for that reason that we ought to
hesitate before passing this measure ; but that ;
is not the point to which I rose to say a word.
It is in regard to the unlimited character of
this resolution. The Secretary of War is
authorised and empowered to issue indefinitely
commissary stores for this expedition, and in
addition quartermaster's stores to an unlim-
ited amount. Who can tell what it is to be ?
The expedition is for the survey of the Colo-
rado river. How extensive ? The whole river
as far as I know, a thousand miles, more or
less ; and there is not the slightest limitation ;
all the resources of the Government put at the
command of this expedition. It is not even
limited to the discretion of the quartermaster's
or commissary department or the War Depart-
ment. "As may be necessary to enable the
expedition to prosecute its work." Under
whose direction? Under Professor Powell's
direction, not under the quartermaster's de-
partment or commissary department or the
War Department, but as much of the commis-
sary stores and quart<?rmaster's stores of this
Government as, in the judgment of Professor
Powell, over which the Government has not
the slightest control, as may be deemed to
be necessary. How much that may be nobody
here sees and nobody can know, of course.
How well defined the expedition is I do not
know, and 1 have not heard it stated. Any
one can see that if the expedition is to expand
to the extent of exploring that entire river on
a grand scale with a view of giving information
of that river, then I concede that your quarter-
master's stores and commissary stores will be
called upon to a very great amount. What
will it cost? I have heard no estimate, but
the supplies in that region of country must be
very expensive. It costs, I believe, some ten
dollars a bushel to furnish corn on the frontiers
where we fight the Indians. Nobody can tell
to what extent this goes. I should say, if this
resolution passes, instead of a deficiency bill
for §12.000,000, as we had at the commence-
ment of this session, you will have at the com-
mencement of the next session a very much
larger deficiency bill for commissary and quar-
termaster's supplies.
ilr. WILSON. 1 move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words " such com-
missary and quartermaster's stores to'' and in-
serting " lations for twenty-live men of;" and
in Hues six and seven by striking out the words
"as maybe necessary to enable the expedition
to prosecute its work" and inserting ''while
engaged in that workso that it will read :
That the Secretaiy of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to issue rations for twenty-
five men of the expedition engaged in the exploration
of the liver Colorado, under dueetion oi Pioicssor
Powell, while engaged in that work : Provided, That
such issue is not detrimental to tho interests ot the
military service.
The amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The amendments were ordered
to be engrossed, and the joint resolution to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 7 ; as follows:
"YEAS—jM essrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Conne&s, Corbett, Oiagin, Ilavis, LHxoii, Doolittle,
Drake, Fowler, llarlan, Morrill of Vermont. Patter-
toil uf Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart,
Thayer, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilton, and
<it cs~~
5,'AYS—11 essrs. Ferry, Fessenden, MeCreery, Mor-
sou, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morton.
Norton, JJyc, Patterson of haw Hampshire, Sauls-
bun- Sunnier, Tipton, Van Winkle, V iek rs, and
Williams—22.
So Ike joint, resolution was passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House ol Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill (H.
11. No. 1117) to supply partial deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending on the 30th of June, 1868, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
MOXUJIKNT TO OEXKUAL SEDGWICK.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 129, donating certain cap-
tured ordnance for the completion of a montf-
ment to the memory of the late Major General
John Sedgwick.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It requires the
Secretary of War to place in charge of Major
General li. G. Wright, Major General 1' rank
Wheaton, Major General George W. Getty,
and Major General Truman Seymour, three
bronze cannon, captured by the sixth Army
corps in battle, for the construction of a statue
of the late Major General John Sedgwick, to
be placed on a monument erected to his mem-
ory by the sixth corps of the Army of the
Potomac.
Mr. WILSON. I hope nobody will oppose
this resolution. It proposes simply to donate
three cannon for this purpose.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to^ be^ en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
JOHN M. PALMElt.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, the Senate, as
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (II. 11. No. 218)
for the relief of John M. Palmer, the pending
question being on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Claims, to add as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 2. And bo it further icwloed, That tho chief
quartermaster of tho military department of tho
Cumberland, in addition to the contract price of
ninety cents lor each colfm manulaciured by the said
John M. Palmer, under his contract alorcsaid, of the
date of the 27th of Auffust, 186ti, cause to bo paid out
of any money under his control unto the said John
M. Palmer tho further sum of$12,71(i 30 for manufac-
turing and delivering saideotlins: J'rovi'frd, That
the said John M. Palmer shall, in conformity with
the provisions ot his contract aioresaid, well and
truly inauuiacture and deliver all the Collins which
he is thereby still required to manufaeUuo and de-
liver.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, when this
joint resolution was under consideration before
i intended to call attention to two or three things
in regard to it which are not, of course, as fresh
in*my mind at this moment as they wore then.
I have been looking for a memorandum which
I made at the time the report was read; but I
do not lay my hand on it. I content myself,
therefore, with making a general remark or two.
I have no doubt of the merits personally of the
claimant, for they have been avouched by Sen-
ators who are acquainted with him. The ob-
jection which occurs to me is entirely separate
from any question relating to this particular
man; but 1 venture to say that the principle
upon which the three items—for 1 believe there
are three entering into this claim—are to be
allowed is a principle which would beggar this
or any other nation. I undertake to say that
claims for damages and compensation which
would dizzy all arithmetic can be found and
will come out of this war which will l'all strictly
within any principle upon which this bill can
be defended. Let me see if 1 am right in one
thing, and I beg the honorable Senator from
West Virginia to set me right if I fall into an
error. Here is a proposition to give to this
man extra compensation for digging post-holes
across a ridge or a hill upon the ground that it
turned out to be more slanting than he thought
it was ; the ground was harder, but especially
it was more slanting and very difficult to stand'
on when these holes were being dug. I ask
the Senator if I am not right in that.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator is- certainly
not right in regard to the merits of that part
of the claim.
Mr. CONKLING. T beg pardon; I did not
intend to cover anything by my remark but
that one thing. T pick that out now and spe-
cify it as one of the ingredients, one of the
elements entering into this claim; and I should
like to ask the lawyers who pay any attention
to this matter for the principle upon which
such a benefaction, such a compensation, such
a rendition as that '(whatever it may be called}
can be justified for one moment. Here is a
man who makes a contract with an individual
or with the Government to build a fence along
a certain line, to dig post-holes, or set posts
over a hill, and he goes on and does precisely
what he bargained to do ; and he then comes
to the other party to the contract and says:
"In the first place this ground was harder
than I thought it was ; a crow-bar was not as
easily put into it as I thought it would be ; the
spade did not go in as easily as I thought it
would. But in the next place, when I came to
dig these holes 1 was much more inconven-
ienced by the slant of the ground than I ex-
pected to be, and therefore I ask you to pay
me extra for doing this service." Is there any
court of law; is there any court of equity; is
there any tribunal under heaven where justice
is administered in which such a claim as that
would stand for one moment? Just, look at it
in its rotations to other things which may be
said, Vhich will be said, and should be said, if
this jfrinoiple is to be established. It may be
thai: here is a man of unusual energy ; a man
unusual merit. The honorable Senator in
front of me [Mr. Sherman] indorsed him as
such the other day ; but that does not affect
the principle. Instances make order. It is
an old maxim. Precedents are very weighty,
especially in proceedings of this sort; and
unless this man has a case which in and of
itself can stand, and stand in such a forum as
this, we have no right, sitting here as trustees,
as directors in a corporation, if 1 may so say,
to vote to pay trust money for any such thing.
Now, Mr. President, if it were worth while—
and I think I meant the other day to do it—I
could relate some cases falling withiu my own
observation which I think would put in a very
striking light the inconsistency in which we
involve ourselves. I know a man whose case
occurs to me at this moment who received a
contract from the Government during the war
which he did not seek, I believe, to make and
deliver certain wares specified in the contract,
a sample being furnished to him. He took his
sample. He made his wares. He delivered
them. In the meantime a commission was con-
vened here : by precisely what authority 1 do
not know; which commission, without giving
any notice to him, reduced, I believe, about
fifty per cent, the price to be paid on this
contract for these articles. In the meantime
he had altered his machinery and made con-
siderable outlay for the purpose of fulfilling
this contract. He went on and fulfilled it and
delivered the commodity, and tells me (and I
have no doubt of the truth of the statement,
because he is a man I have known all my life,
an honest man) that he has actually lost about
twenty thousand dollars ; that the"actual cost
of production and of laying down the commodity
where he was directed to put it amounts to
$20,000 more than he received according to
this reduced price. There is no remedy so far
for that man nor for the class of men to whom
lie belonged. He was a contractor, and because
he was a contractor, in company with almost
all other contractors, a sort of stigma is fixed
upon him, going with the name of contractor;
and up to this time, as far as he knows and as
far as I know, there is no remedy for him, nor
for a great many other men who were substan-
tially treated in the same way.
But here is the ease of a man who received
every farthing—f speak still of the particular
part of tne resolution which I am*Halking
about which it was bargained he should re-
