158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December ;12j
ment it is not alleged that the laws aro not
impartially made and impartially administered.
Whatever failures there may have been in this
regard are chargeable to the foes and not to
the friends of the government—to its oppo-
nents, and not to its supporters. Such excep-
tional cases have probably not attracted the
notice of the gentlemen, at least they have not
referred to them.
In its last analysis the accusation against
us resolves itself into this: that the gentle-
man's friends, the rebels and enemies of the
government, are not allowed to vote, while
their opponents, loyal men and ever true to
the Government, are allowed to vote. It is
their rebel ox that is gored. This is the head
and front of our offending; the fons malar urn
et origo.
My purpose is to disclose the state of the
franchise in Tennessee, that it may be seen
whether the complaints against it are or are
not well founded.
When, at the convening of the last Con-
gress, my colleagues and myself presented our
credentials to the House as Representatives
from Tennessee, signed by William G. Brown-
low as Governor, with the great seal of the
State affixed, the question at once arose, how
came he to be the Governor of Tennessee, and
by what authority does he affix her great seal
to public official documents—a question involv-
ing in its solutioji the validity of the organiza-
tion assuming to be the restored government
of that State—a mixed question of fact and
law? To refer it, in the first instance, to a
committee for examination and report was,
under the circumstances, usual, if not of course.
The House Committee of Elections might
properly enough have been charged with it, as
had been done with similar questions in the
two preceding Congresses. But as the same
inquiry, substantially, arose in each House,
there was certainly nothing extraordinary in
referring it, as was dooe, to a joint select com-
mittee of the two Houses.
To assist and facilitate their labors I, in con-
nection with three of my colleagues, Messrs.
Cooper, Leftwich, and Stokes, submitted a
memorial to the two Houses, embodying the
organization of our restored government and
its public acts to that time. In that document
we united in expressing the opinion " that the
said government is republican in form as well
as in spirit"—the same government, be it
known, which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] now denies to be "arepublican
form of government such as is required by the
Constitution of the United States to entitle a
State to a representation upon the floor of this
House," and which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] denounces as "a dis-
grace to the American nation and to the civil-
ization of the age."
The organization of the government (to be
found at pages 5 to 13, Report No. 00, first
session Thirty-Ninth Congress) w:fs effected
by " certain articles amendatory of the consti-
tution of the State and the schedule thereto
appended" proposed by "a large and respect-
able convention of the free and loyal people
of the State" and ratified by popular vote
at the ballot-box. One of these articles pro-
vides that " the qualifica^on of voters and the
limitation of the elective franchise may be
determined by the General Assembly" (the
legal name of the Legislature of Tennessee)
" which shall first assemble under the amended
constitution."
The Legislature addressed itself very early
to the business thus referred to it, and the result
was the franchise act of 1865, which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] declares
to be the substance of his argument against the
constitutionality of our State government. To
his argument from this source there iS a two-
fold reply: the one ad liominem to himself
already given, the other of fact that the law of
18G5 has since been materially and essentially
modified.
After the investigation and report of the
committee, the House, with but twelve votes in
the negative, passed a preamble and resolu- !
tion in substance affirming the constitutionality
and validity of our State government, and de-
claring the right of the State under it again to
bo represented in Congress by her Senators
and members-elect. Of those voting in the neg-
ative, three were from Massachusetts, three
from Missouri, two from Pennsylvania, and one
each from Rhode Island, Indiana, AVisconsin,
and California, whose opposition was occa-
sioned by the failure of our Legislature to
enfranchise the colored men, lacking appa-
rently the patience, possibly the prescience to
perceive that there, as the whole country over,
it was but a question of time. Among the
affirmative voters I find the suggestive names
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] and one of the gentlemen from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ross;] the other [Mr. Marshall]
was not in his seat, and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] had ceased to be a
member of the House. So far, then, as three,
at least, of the gentlemen are concerned, the
time for challenging our State government is
obviously passed, and they are concluded.
As I have just observed, the franchise act of
1865 has undergone important modifications.
For a better comprehension of the present
state of the la# I will cite two supplementary
acts passed, the one on the 25th of February,
the other ou the 8th of March, 1867:
" Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of
Tennessee, That every male inhabitant of this State, of
the age of twenty-one years, a citizen of the United
States, and a resident of the county wherein he may
offer his vote six months next preceding the day of
election, shall be entitled to the privilege of the elect-
ive franchise, subject to the following exceptions and
disqualifications, to wit:
"1. Said voter shall never have borne arms against
the Government of the United States for the purpose
of aiding the late rebellion, nor have voluntarily
given aid, comfort, countenance, couusei or encour-
agement to any rebellion against the authority of the
United States Government; noraided, countenanced,
or encouraged acts of hostility thereto.
"2. That said voter shall have never sought or vol-
untarily have accepted any office,-civil or military,
or attempted to exercise the functions of any office,
' civil or military, under the authority or pretendod
j authority of the so-called confederate States of
i America, or of any insurrectionary State whatever,
I hostile or opposed to the authority of the .United
! States Government, with the intent and desire to aid
! said rebellion or insurrectionary authority.
| "3. That said voter shall never have voluntarily
; supported any pretended government, power, or au-
j thority hostile or inimical to the authority of the
I XJnited States, by contributions in money or property,
j by persuasion oriniluence, or in any other way what-
I ever: Provided, That the foregoing rcstrict;ons and
disqualifications shall not apply to any citizen who
, may have served in and been lionorably discharged
from the Army or Navy of the United States since
the 1st day of January, 1862, nor to those who voted
! in the presidential election in November, 1S64, or
! voted in the election for ' Ratification or Rejection,'
i in l'«bruary, 1865, or voted in the election held on the
' 4th of March, of the same year, for Goveinor and
■ members of the Legislature, nor to those who have
! been appointed to any civil or military office by An-
. drew johnson, military governor, or William G.
! 13rownlow, Governor of Tennessee, prior to June 5,
18S5; all of whom are hereby declared to be qualified
voters, upon their complying with tho requirements
of this act: Provided, That this latter clause shall not
apply to any commission issued upon any election
: which may hove been held."
"Be it charted by the General Assembly of the State of
Tennessee, That in all State, district, county, and all
othercivil elections, such aliens as have resided more
than one year in the United States, and more than
six months in the State of Tennessee, shall have'the
right of the elective franchise: Provided, That such
person shall have previously declaicd their intention
tobecomeeitizens of the United States, and that they
shall not have participated in tho late rebellion."
By collating these acts it will be seen that
in Tennessee the elective franchise, or right
to vote in all elections, national, State, county,
district, and municipal, is conferred upon
every male inhabitant twenty-one years old, a
citizen of the United States, or an alien who
has resided more than a year in the United
States and has previously declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen, and a resident of the
county where he shall vote six months next
preceding the day of election, who has never
voluntarily, by bearing arms or in any other
| way, aided rebellion against the Government of
; the United States; who has never sought or
i voluntarily accepted or attempted to exercise
: the functions of any office, civil or military,
| in hostility to the Government of the United
l States, and has never voluntarily supported
j any Power hostile to the Government of the
United States by material, moral, or other
aid, unless he shall have served in and been
hbnorably discharged,from the Army or Navy
since January 1, 1802, or shall have voted at
the presidential election in November, 1804,
or at one of the elections held in February and
March, 1865, to decide upon the reorganization
of our State government, ( elections at which
everybody was invited to vote, according to the
old qualifications, who would make oath to be
loyal in the future,) or shall have held civil or
military office under Andrew Johnson as mili-
tary governor, or William G. Brovvnlow as
Governor of Tennessee, prior to .rune 5, 1865,
the date of the first franchise act. In a word,
every man is enfranchised who has not been a
traitor, or whose treason has been condoned
for some of the causes just enumerated. No
man remains unenfranchised except a traitor
who has not taken up arms against the rebel-
lion or embraced the threefold opportunity
given him for repentance.
The principal change from the act of 1865
will be seen to have been the admission to the
polls of two new classes of voters: colored men
and unnaturalized foreigners. Previously, I
need hardly say,* colored men were entirely
prohibited from voting; and foreigners until
six months after they had been naturalized
tinder tho laws of Congress. It may be proper
to add that our law makesprovision for having
the qualifications of the voter judicially ascer-
tained and his name registered.
From this exposition of the law it is readily
seen how little ground there is for the charge
of negro supremacy, that the black man is
made to take precedence of the white man, or
whatever more offensive form of statement can
be devised to peVvert and misrepresent the
odious fact that a black patriot is allowed to
vote and some white traitors are not. The
qualifications prescribed for the voter in
Tennessee give no clue or indication of the
complexion of her people. They may be all
■white, all black, or neither white nor black.
Nothing is anywhere said about their color.
No one is enfranchised as a colored man; no
one is unenfranchised for being or not being a
white man. And yet this is but a return to the
first State constitution of 1796. By that instru-
ment no reference is made to the color or
race of the voter; and as a historic fact white
\ men and black men voted side by side for forty
years. It will remain with the great name of
Andrew Jackson inscribed among its chief
authors as a monument of equal rights, left by
the fathers of the State for the guidance of
their children. After thirty years under a dif-
ferent polity the present generation have rees-
1 tablished the original practice and recognized
and adopted the simple and beautiful formulary
of civil liberty—the equality of all men before
the law.
j The attention of the House has been in-
vited by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to an array of figures designed to
show that the political control of the State is
I in the hands of the blacks, casting fifty-five
thousand votes, and forty-five thousand white
voters, leaving forty thousand white voters who
could not vote under the law. If such were
indeed the state of the case it is not easy to
perceive how it would affect the character of
the government for republicanism. I am not
aware that any of the fathers of the Repub-
lic, the framers of the Constitution, or the
writers in the Federalist, regarded the form of
, our Government as in any degree affected by
the complexion of the voter. They seem to
have regarded that a republican government
in which the rulers are chosen by a consider-
able body of voters, representing the different
classes and interests of the community. But
the gentleman's statistics are wide of the mark.
By the last census (1860) the blacks consti-
tuted not far from one fourth of the entire
population of the State. Placing the elective
capability of the State at one hundred and foriy
