SUPPLEMENT TO
farms. a,nd delays of law. His authority is
natlung if not supreme. The laws of war-are
sftift and absolute arid ean recognize uo per-
sonal rights," no ctatms of Magna Cliarta.
Aerive warfare necessarily encroaches upon
the domain of legislation, and familiarizes the
Executive, with a use of authority hazardous in
a time of peace.
*• Pow^r once possessed is soon felt to be a
right "and is yielded with reluctance. Our ex-
perience has added another example to the
long record' of history. The President's de-
fense denies the supremacy of law and is more
dangerous to the Government than the alleged
crime which has brought him to the bar of the
Senate, if he can "determine the validity of
law, the Supreme Court is an empty mockery.
, No act, can pass his veto, and ali legislation
may be subverted at pleasure. The right to
substitute the judgment of the ruler for the
judgment of the people and to override their
laws by his will is absolutism. If the plea is
good, it is a valid defense for unlimited usurp-
ation..
The plea of the President that he removed
Mr. Stanton for the purpose of securing a de-
cision of the court upon the constitutionality
of the law is equally untenable as a ground of
defense. It is inconsistent with the answer
which he made by his counsel, that he effected
the removal in the exercise of an executive
■power of which Congress could not deprive
him, " because satisfied that he could not allow
the said.Stanton to continue to hold the office
of Secretary of the Department of War with-
out hazard of the public interests." It is irre-
concilable with the further answer that " in his
capacity of President of the United States"
he " did form the opinion that the case of the
said Stanton and his tenure of office were not
affected by the first section of the last named
act," referring thereby to the tenure-of-office
act.
But, passing over the contradictory nature
of this defense, we submit that the evidence
shows an anxious and persistent effort to get
possession of the War Office, and not a pur-
pose to have the law adjudicated. If to test the
law had been his desire, he should have sued
put a writ of " quo warranto " on the refusal
of Stanton to obey his order of removal.
Instead_ of that, he not only endeavored to
keep him out of office by an unworthy trick
when we had anuullcd his suspension, but
issued a letter of absolute removal in the face
•of Congress after it had rejected his judicial
opinion of the constitutionality of the law,
and had passed it by a two-thirds vote over his
veto. After it had reaffirmed the validity of
its action and the invalidity of his on this very
subject, and assuming that the removal had
been effected, he issued a letter of authority to
fill the vacancy. To crown the effrontery he
nominates General Scofield to the vacant Sec-
retaryship, while urging upon the Senate his
acquittal on the ground that the removal was
not effected, but only attempted. Thus du-
plicity is made the proof of mnocence. Hav-
ing put the ease into a condition in which he
could not sue out a writ of quo warranto, I
deny that he can honestly plead a desire to test
the law. He knew full well if Stanton was not
in th<* law he could not test it by his removal.
This defense is clearly an afterthought.
Having recognized the validity of the law by
conforming all commissions to' its provisions :
having suspended Mr. Stanton and appointed
General Grant under it; having notified the
Secretary of the Treasury of the change, to
wit, as follows:
"Sir: In compliance with the requirements of the
act entitled 'An act to regulate the tenure of certain
civil ^offices,' you are hereby notified that on the
12th instant Hon. Edwin M. Stanton was suspended
from his office as Secretary of War, and General U. S.
Grant authorized and empowered to act as Secretary
of vV ar ad interim "—
and having afterward transmitted a message
to the Senate giving the reasons fur the sus-
pension, as required by the act, he cannot,
without criminality, under the pretext of seek-
ing & judicial decision, set aside or trample
upon the law at the point where it baffled his
cherished political policy and curbed a career
which the law-makers believed dangerous to
the peace and liberties of the count.ry._ If
regard for the Constitution, and not a desire to
get control of the Army, had been his purpose,
why did he not test the law in the first instance
when called npon to execute it, and when his
motive would have been simple and unques-
tioned ? Facts show that it was not the nature
but the effect of the law which troubled the
President.
The enactment was designed to circumscribe
and limit his power, lest he should abuse it to
the injury of the country. It was elfective ;
and when it arrested the execution of his pol-
icy, regardless alike of his oath and the wishes
of the nation, he defiantly violated the law to
remove the man who was a trammel upon his
will.
The evidence demonstrates a purpose to get
possession of the Department of War, and dis-
proves the pretense that he was seeking a judi-
cial decision upon the constitutionality of the
law.
Finally, was Mr. Stanton's removal a viola-
tion of the act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices."
The purpose of the law was to hold in office
men whom the policy of Mr. Johnson threat-
ened toremove. Itisboth claimed and denied
that the Secretary of War who held a commis-
sion under President Lincoln is protected by
the law. The true construction must be drawn
from the letter of the statute itself, and not
from any conflicting opinions expressed in de-
bate at the time of its passage.
The first section of the act reads as follows:
"That ovory iierson holding any civil offico to
which he hits been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter bo appointed to any such office, and
shall become duly Qualified to act therein, is, and
slrUl bo, entitled to hold such offico until a successor
shall have boon in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided : Pro-
vided, That tho Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, of tho N"avy. and of the Interior, tho Post-
master General, and the Attorney General, shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
tho President by whom they mayhave boen appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with tho advice and consent of the Senate."
It will be observed that the body of the sec-
tion includes all persons who have been or
who shall be appointed to civil office by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
"except as herein otherwise provided."
This last clause which I have quoted was in
the bill before the committee of conference,
who added the proviso, was appointed, and
undoubtedly refers to officers mentioned in the
fourth section whose term is limited by law.
The Secretaries were not of this number, and
the effect of the proviso which was added by
the conferees was simply to limit their time to
the term of the President under whom they
serve and one month thereafter.
The meaning of the section clearly is that
ever;/ civil officer who has been confirmed by
tho Senate shall hold his office until the Senate
shall confirm a successor, but provides that
such officers as hold a term limited by law
shall lose their office by the expiration of their
term without the action of the Senate. The
only effect of the proviso is to bring the heads
of Departments into this last class of officers
whose terms are limited by law. The intent
and effect of the law is to take the removal of
every officer confirmed by the Senate out of
the pleasure of the President; and it is a per-
version of language to say that the proviso
places the tenure of the Secretary of War, or
of any other Secretary, at the option of the
President. They are all removable by the
confirmation of a successor or by the expira-
tion of their term.
It has been said that, the proviso brings the
office of Secretary of War out of the body of
the section into itself, but that the clause which
provides that the Secretaries "shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month thereafter,"
| excludes Mr. Stanton from it bacause he was
i not. appointed by Mr. Johnson.
I The office could not be taken out of the body
of (lie section unless .it was first in it, and if
; there, the Secretary was there also. If, now,
the office of Secretary of War ig brought into
the proviso, and Mr. Stanton excluded, he is
left in the section and covered by its provis-
ions. If not there, to what limbo have the
assigned him ?
The conception of a Secretary of War with-
out an office is worthy of a lawyer without, a
brief. The argument is a pure creation, and a
miserable fallacy-at that. The langua'ge of the
section is in relation to persons, not offices. It
says, " every person holding any civil office
shall be entitled to hold," &c. ; "the Secre-
taries, &c., shall hold their offices," &c. The
construction of the section is simple and unmis-
takable. There are certain officers referred to
in the fourth section whose terms are limited
by law, and the proviso adds the heads of
Departments to this number, but the terms of
the law allow no officer to be removed who has
been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, except by the appoint-
ment of a successor in the same way.
The language of the proviso itself is, that
the Secretaries are "subject to removal by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
If, therefore, Mr. Stanton is not in the proviso,
he is in the body of the section, and the law
was violated by his removal. I will not stay
to inquire in whose term he was holding, for
the argument is perfect without it.
This is not all. The President violated the
second as well as the first section of the law.
It reads as follows :
"That when any officer appointed as aforesaid,
excepting judges of the United States courts, shall,
during a recess of the Senate, be shown, by evidence
satisfactory to the President, to be guilty of mi-icon-
duct in office, or crime, or for anif reason shall becomc
incapable or legally disqualified to perform its duties,
in such case, and in no other, the President man suspend
such officer," &o.
If, now, the President can suspend an offi-
cer during the recess only, and that for the
reasons specified in the law and no other, can
he remove him outright during the session of
the Senate, and when he is free from all (he
legal disqualifications enumerated in the act?
The act further provides, in respect to a sus-
pension, that—
"If the Senate shall concur in such suspension,
and advise and consent to theremoval of such officer,
they shall so certify to the President, who may there-
upon remove such officer. But if tho Senate shall
refuse to concur in such suspension, such officer so
suspended shall forthwith resume tho functions of his
office," <fcc.
The Senate refused to concur in the suspen-
sion of Mr. Stanton, refused to advise and con-
sent to his removal, but the President removed
him in defiance of the letter of the act and of
the will of the Senate. No amount of genius
for legal sophistries can torture that act of the
President into anything less than a willful vio-
lation of law. This simple statement of the
case without argument is sufficient to command
the approval of every mind.
Counsel must have forgotten that the Senate,
acting under the solemnity of an oath, had
repeatedly decided that th«i law applied to Mr.
Stanton. On the 12th of December the Senate,
remembering that the "tenure-of office act"
was passed expressly to protect officers whose
retention was thought indispensable to the
public service against an abuse of executive
power, and moved by the eloquent and power-
ful appeal of the Senator from Maine, refused
their assent to the removal of Mr. Stanton,
which they had no right to do, or even act upon
at all, unless he was covered by the law of
March 1, 1867.
Again, on the 21st of February, when the
President failed in his attempt to prevent the
return of the Secretary by tho use of General
Grant, informed this body of his absolute dis-
missal, it was resolved by the Senate—
"That under the Constitution and laws of the
United States the President has no power to remove
the Secretary of War and to designate any other
officer to perform the duties of that office ad interim
