42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 26,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
POSTAL MOSEY ORDER SYSTEM.
The whole number of money order post
offices now in operation is 1,224, of which 458
have been established since the date of the
last annual report. This increase has occurred
mainly in the western and southern States,
where the facilities of the system for the trans-
mission of money appear at present to be most
needed.
The number of orders issued during the year was
474,496, of the aggregate
value of.  $9,229,327 72
The number paid was 461,876,
of the value of. $8,977,874 71
To which is to be added tho
amount of orders repaid to
purchasers  93,366 02
    9,071,210 73
Excess of issues over payments  $15S,086 99
During the previous fiscal year, ending June
30, 1866, the total amount of orders issued was
$3,077,259 28, and of orders paid and repaid
$3,903,890 22.
A comparison of these amounts with the
corresponding transactions of the last fiscal
year, as above exhibited, will show that during
the latter period the money order business has
been more than doubled.
The average sum for which money orders
were issued last year was $1!) 45, an increase
over that of the previous year, which was but
$16 32.
The, number of duplicate orders was 2,069,
of which 1,915 were issued as substitutes for
originals lost in the mails or otherwise, 141
were in lieu of orders rendered invalid because
not presented for payment until more than one
year after date, and 13 to replace orders made
invalid in consequence of bearing, contrary to
law, more than one indorsement.
The receipts and expenditures for the last
fiscal year, as adjusted and stated by the auditor,
were as follows:
RECEIPTS.
"Fees on money orders issued $70,888 57
Premium received on exchange  1 00
ExrrcxDiTuitrs.
Commissions to postmasters $19,835 03
Clerk hire  20,018 28
Kcmittanccs lost in the mails  3,562 00
Incidental expenses for stationery
and fixtures  1.183 65
70,889 57
41,628 96
Excess of receipts over expenditures $26,260 61
Being the gross amount of revenue derived
from the transaction of the money order busi-
ness. It is proper to state that the cost of the
blanks used b.v postmasters, which are fur-
nished by the Department of Public Printing,
is not included in the foregoing statement of
expenditures.
The sum of $5,973,969 70, being surplus
funds accruing at the smaller post offices in
transacting the money order business, was
transmitted to first-class offices used as depos-
itories either by means of national bank drafts
or in registered packages by mail. The loss
by the latter mode of transmission amounted,
as above stated, to $3,5G2 ; but since the adop-
tion of the improved system of registration on
the 1st of June, only one registered package,
containing a small remittance of money, has
failed to reach its destination.
ihe transfers made by postmasters from the
postage to the money order account for the
purpose of meeling orders presented for pay-
ment amounted to $458,911 98; on the other
hand the transfers from the money order to the
postage account amounted to $548,880 56,
showing that the latter is a debtor to the former
account upon the transactions of the year in the
sum of S89,968 58.
In the last annual report submitted by this
Department it was recommended that certain
modifications, with a view to greater efficiency
and simplicity, should be made in the law
establishing and regulating the money order
system. The proposed changes were embodied
in a bill which passed tho Senate at its last
session, but failed from lack of time and the
pressure of legislative business to receive the
consideration of the House of Representatives.
I beg leave, therefore, to renew these recom-
mendations, which were stated in detail in that
report, together with the reasons which would
render their adoption expedient.
To forge or counterfeit a money order is
made a penal offense by the act of May 17,
1864. But one instance of this kind has hap-
pened since the establishment of the system.
A late postmaster abstracted in June last
fifty-two blank money orders, specially pre-
pared and numbered, from the book which he
delivered to his successor, filled them up in the
■ usual manner, so that they appeared to have
been duly issued on several postmasters for
small sums, and forged upon each the signa-
ture of the postmaster. Payment of twenty-
nine of these forged orders to the aggregate
amount of $1,322 was obtained on presenta-
tion. The fraud was speedily detected and the
guilty person was recently convicted of the
crime of forgery at the United States court at
Cleveland, Ohio, and duly sentenced to three
years' imprisonment and hard labor and to
pay a fine of $500.
By existing law a postmaster at a money
order office is not authorized to issue an order
payable by himself. Ilence money order offices
cannot at present be established at the stations
or sub-post offices in the large cities, although
in some instances these stations furnish ordi-
nary postal facilities to a larger population in
their vicinity than that of many considerable
towns, it is evident that the convenience of
residents within the delivery of such stations
would be sensibly promoted if they were allowed
to purchase and receive payment of money
orders at these stations, instead of being com-
pelled, as now, to resort for such facilities to
the central post office of the city. The latter
would, moreover, be relieved, to some extent,
of a great and constantly increasing pressure
of applicants for the purchase and payment of
orders. 11 would also prove useful in the sparsely
settled States, where the county town usually
has a money order office, through which, under
the proposed modification, small debts could
readily he paid in any part of the county by
means of money orders issued and payable at
the post office in the county town, which is
habitually visited by residents of the county.
1 would therefore recommend that the law
be so far modified as to permit a postmaster to
issue orders payable at his own office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
It is gratifying to be able to state that, not-
withstanding tho increase of expenses of the
Department, growing out of the increase of
compensation of clerks, agents, and employes
of the Department, and increase in tho extent
and expense of the mail service throughout the
country and on the sea, the disbursements were
not only kept within the estimates for 1807, but
there remained an unexpended balance of over
seven hundred thousand dollars to be applied
toward the expenses for the current year. So
great is the constant demand for increased
mail service by the people of the Territories,
and to supply the necessities of the older
States, and so important is it to put into full
operalion the service in the States lately in-
volved in the rebellion, that, a considerable
deficiency is estimated for the year 1869. A
more detailed statement of anticipated reve-
nues and expenditures will be found in another
part of this report. It cannot be anticipated
that the revenues of the Department derived
from the sale of stamps and stamped envel-
opes, and from other sources, independent of
specific appropriations, can equal the neces-
sary expenditures of the Department while the
service is being constantly increased, at great
cost, to meet the wants of the people in sparsely
settled Territories.
The faster the new Territories are peopled
and their material resources developed the
greater will be the postal revenues coming
back to reimburse the Department for its out-
lays. Until the whole country is well settled
by a stable, producing, thrifty population, it
cannot be assumed, with certainty that the
Post Office Department can become self-sus-
taining. New channels of postal communica-
tion are opening everywhere, and necessary
expenses grow faster than legitimate revenue
increases. When the waste country becomes
better settled and the facilities for mail trans-
portation increased and cheapened, as they
will be in a very few years, the increase of
revenues and comparative decrease of carrying
expenses will entirely change the relation of
tho taxes and resources of the Department,
and, at the present rates of postage, it will not
only be self-sustaining, but furnish no incon-
siderable revenue to the Government. There
is no appropriation of public money which
brings back, directly and indirectly, so large a
return to the Government and the people as
that made in aid of the postal service. Only
one other Department of the Government gets
back a revenue anywhere near its expenses in
return for the outlays of public money.
Under the new postal conventions with for-
eign countries and under the contracts recently
made for Atlantic service the large balances
against the Department, which have burdened
it for so many years, will be entirely wiped
out, and a very handsome revenue derived in
aid of its finances.
Previous to the present year a semi-weekly
mail only was dispatched between this country
and Europe, the sailing days from each side
being Wednesday and Saturday. During this
year a third weekly service has been estab-
lished, and next year a fourth weekly service
will be added, all by fast steamships of the
first class, and the period is not distant when
a regular daily mail communication will be
maintained across the Atlantic. We exchange
direct international mails, under provisions
of postal conventions, with the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, France and
Algeria, Belgium, the North German Union,
Bremen, Hamburg, the Netherlands, Italy,
Switzerland, Canada and British North Amer-
ican provinces, Mexico,Gautemala,Venezuela,
and the colonial government of Hong Kong.
China; and through the mails of one or more
of those countries, used as intermediaries,
with Russia, Poland, Norway, Sweden, Den-
mark, Holland, Spain, Portugal, Austria,
Greece, European and Asiatic Turkey, Syria,
kgypt, _Africa, Mediterranean and Atlantic
coasts, islands of the Mediterranean sea and
Indian ocean, Arabia, India, China, Japan,
Ceylon, bumatra, Java, Borneo, Moluccas,
1 hilippine islands. Australia, New Zealand,
Madeira islands, Canary islands, St. Helena.
Ascension, Azores, Cape de VSrdes, Bermu-
das, Bahamas, West India islands, Falkland
islands, Brazil, Paraguay, Uraguav. the Ar-
gentine Kcpublic, English, French, and
Dutch Guiana, countries of Central Amer-
ica, New Granada, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia,
Chili, and inariy other portions of the world.
Direct mail steamship communications are
also maintained between the United States and
neighboring countries, including Bazil, coun-
ties of Central America, Bahamas, Bermudas
and West India islands, British Columbia and
v ancouver's i,land, Sandwish islands, Japan,
anci (Jhma. r '
Jhe exhibits of this report show a remark-
able increase in the importance of the foreign
mail service, and the increased care and watch-
fulness required of those in direct charge of it.
1 therefore repeat my request that autlioritv be
given to appoint a superintendent of foreign
mails, and an additional clerk for that branch
ot the service.
I repeat, also, my recommendation that *u-
thoiity be given to appoint, a superintendent'of
the opening and distribution of dead letters.
