1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Court of the United States, and has been ruled
precisely as the committee have ruled j that is
to say, when a collector of the revenue has by
an act of robbery been dispossessed of public
money without default of his own, it is his
right and he ought to be allowed a credit in
his accounts and not be compelled to pay it
into court. I refer to the case of Collier.
The action was instituted in the circuit court
for the southern district of New York, which
by order of the court was sent to a jury to
ascertain the facts. The facts were ascertained
precisely as here: that he had been robbed
of public money without default on his part,
and therefore the court certified in the case,
although they could not pronounce judgment
that he was entitled to a credit in the settle-
ment of his accounts. It was brought to the
Supreme Court of the United States on a cer-
tified copy of the proceedings below, and after
full consideration of the whole question the
ruling below was affirmed.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 ask my colleague
whether this case involved a robbery ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Jt did.
Mr. SPALDING. Not a larceny?
Mr. BINGHAM. A robbery of the Treas-
ury, precisely as in the instance of Collier.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If the Supreme
Court has decided that an officer of this char-
acter, an Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, charged with the safe-keeping of the
public moneys, is entitled to receive credit in
case of robbery, then why does he come to
Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man that there are two ways in which this thing
is to be done. The Secretary of the Treasury
might have judged for himself, but he referred
it to the committee to ascertain the facts. He
could go into the courts if he chose to refuse
to pay the account, and bring suit as in the case
of Collier. Why put the Government to that
expense and trouble?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Why put this
House to the trouble when the Supreme Court
has decided this question?
Mr. BINGIIAM. This is the short way of
decidingthe question. Itisan actof equity and
justice, and there is not a man in the country,
however high his character, who can afford to
become the custodian of public money if in the
case of robbery he is compelled to bear the loss.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust 1 shall be excused
from yielding further.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio. One moment.
Mr. Speaker, I have notcxamined the case to
which my colleague has referred, but I under-
take to say if the case be examined it will be
found that it settles no such principle as that
stated. The supreme couit of Ohio has ruled
the other way, that a public officer charged with
the custody ofpublie money cannot be relieved
from liability by alleging the money was stolen
from him.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman does not
pretend but that Congress may furnish relief,
and that there are cases where it may properly
be granted?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The reason
of the rule is perfectly well understood. If
an officer may relieve himself from responsi-
bility by charging a larceny upon some private
individual, the result will be that he will have
a motive held out to him to procure the lar-
ceny of the money in his custody. And be-
cause of this principle involved, the courts
have uniformly held that a larceny is no defense.
Mr. HOLMAN. There can be no doubt cast
upon this transaction after the conviction of
the man charged with the crime.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to my colleague's
interfering with this matter.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That is for
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to
object, and not for my colleague.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will have
excuse me ; it is objected that this is con-
suming too much time. There is no new
precedent being set. Congress has never
hesitated where the case was clear as the com-
mittee report this to be. The loss was the
result of robbery and larceny after due precau-
tion on the part of the custodian of the fund,
and he is therefore entitled to relief. As has
been remarked by the chairman of the com-
mittee, no upright man will accept a financial
position under the Government if you hold
him to a strict responsibility. I call the pre-
vious question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 55, noes 25: no quorum voting.
Tellers wore ordered j and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Holmax and Allison.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 00, noes '67.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the joint resolution
was read the third time.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 57, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, JBeck, Bingham, .Blair, JJuckland,
Burr, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Dixon, Driggs,
Kldridge, i'anwworth, ii'erry, I\ x, Colladay, Gravely,
Griswold, Gro\er, iiuigiit, Iiulina.ii, liotchkiss, Ches-
ter D. llubbaid, Jcnckcs, Johnson, Jones, Kclsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Kountz, Lafhn, George V. Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, Mallory. Marshal), Marvin, Mc-
Cluig, McCoimick, McCullough, iMereur, Miller,
Morgan, Morrell, Ahingon, Myers, iNiblack, Nichol-
son, N uun, O'Neill, Perham, Pctord, Poland, Polsley,
Pruyn, Randall, liaum, Robertson, Sitgrcaves, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Taber, Taylor,
Thomas, John Tiimble, Lawienco S.Tiimble, Tjow-
bridge, Twioheli, Upson, Van Aeritam, Van Auken,
Burt Van lioni. Van Trump, Woodbridgc.and Wood-
ward—S2.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Dclos II. Ashloy, Baker,
Banks, Beaniiin, Beatty, Benton, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Jiroomall, Butler, Churchill, lleader W.Clarke,
Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Eok-
loy, Eggloston, l'Jliot, Kurrisx, Fields, Gailicld, Getz,
Glossbrcnner, llalsey, Harding, Hill, Hopkins, Itieh-
jird JL>. liubbaid, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Kelley,
Kotcliam,WiliiamL.iwrcnce, Lincoln, Logan, Lough-
ndge, McCarthy, Moore, Mullins, Orth, Paine,
Plants, lloss, Scolield, Smith, Taite, Elihu 13. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Stephen i'.
Wilson—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Bailey.
Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Benjamin, Blaine, Boyer,
Brooks, Cake, Chanler, Coburn, Donnelly, Ela, kin-
ney, Hawkins, lligby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Ma>n;ml, Moorhead,
Morrisscy, Newenmb, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomcroy,
Price, Kobmson, Sawyer, Sohonck, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Aaron E. Stevens, Thaddcus Stevens,
Stone, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyeic, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn,
Welker, William Williams, Wmdom, and Wood—50.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF AUKKjS'CK.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained further
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Wil-
liams, of Indiana, till next Monday week.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to a privileged
question. The committee appointed to pre-
pare and report articles of impeachment against
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, have instructed me to make a report
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Articles exhibited by the House of Representatives of
the United States, tn the name of themselves and all
the people of the united Slat a, ag<cins(And) e\c John-
son, President of the United States, in maintenance
and support of their impeach/neat against him for
high cnines and misdemeanors in office.
Article I.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of theUnited
States, on the 21st day of February, in the year of
our Lord 18t>8, at Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, unmindful of the high duties of his office, of
his oath of office, and of the requirement of the Con-
stitution that he should take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, did unlawfully, and in violation
of the Constitution and laws of the United States,
issue an order in writing for the removal of Edwin
M. Stanton from the ollice of Secretary for the De-
partment of War, said Edwin M. Stanton having
been theretofore duly appointed and commissioned,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate of
the United States, as such Socretary; and said Andrew-
Johnson, President of the United States, on the 12th
day of August, in the year of our Lord 1867, and dur-
ing the recess of said Senate, having suspended by
his order Edwin M. Stanton from said office, ana
within twenty days after the first day of the next
meeting of said Senate, on the 12th day of December,
m the year last aforesaid, having reported to said
Senate such suspension, with the cvrdcncc and rea-
sons for his action in the case, and the name of the
person designated to perform the duties of such office
temporarily until the next meeting of the Senate,
and said Senate thereafterward, on the 13th day of
January, in the year of our Lord 1868, having duly
considered the evidence and reasons reported by said
Andrew Johnson for said suspension, did refuse to
concur in said suspension, whereby and by force of
the provisions of an act entitled "An act regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,
1867, said Edwin M.Stantondid forthwithresumethe
functions of his office, whereof the said Andrew John-
son had then and there due notice, and said Edwin
M. Stanton, by reason of the premises, on said 21st
day of February, was lawfully entitled to hold said
office of Secretary for the Department of War. which
said order for the removal of said Edwin M. Stanton
is in substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21, 1868.
Sir: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and laws of
tho United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminateupon receipt of
this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Array, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Washington, JD. G.
which order was unlawfully issued with intent then
arid there to violate the act entitled " An act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2,1867, and contrary to the provisions of said
sict, and in violation thereof,and contrary to thepro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States, and
without the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States, the said Senate then and there being
in session, to remove said Edwin M. Stanton from
the office of Secretary for the Department of War,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanerin office.
Article II.
That on said 21st day of February, in the yearof our
Lord 1808, at Washington, in the Districtof Columbia,
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
unmindful of the high duties of his office, of his oath
of office, and in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, and contrary to the provisions of an
act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices," passed March 2,1867, without the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate of the United States,
said Senate then and there being in session, and
without authority of law. did appoint one Lorenzo
Thomas to be Secretary of ar ad interim, by issuing
to said Loienzo Thomas a letter of authority in sub-
stance as follows, that is to say:
* Executive Mansion,
W ashington, D. C., February 21, 1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and cm-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of tna
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erfy now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General United States Army, Washington, D. C.
whereby said Andrew J ohnson, President of the Uni-
ted btates, did then and there commit and was guilty
of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article III.
. That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 21st day of February, in the vcar
of oui Lord 18o8, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, did commit and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office, m tin*, that, without authority of
I n't!' • "ate ?' th(J United States was then
ThirJtVk ses&ion, he did appoint one Lorenzo
iiioraas to be Secretary for the Department of War
"ll, ' e advice and consent of the
111 V10latl0n ot the Constitution of the
nffiee nf'i^V110 faca'!cy^aTil,i'r happened in said
office of becretary for the Department of War dur-
'?' I rJcess ° tll9 i\cnate, and no vacancy existing
SSmSt-?' r u' iinds idappointment,
.-0 made by Andrew J ohnson, of said Lorenzo Thomas,
is m substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
ashington, D. C., lebruary 21, 1868.
Sir: Hon.Edwin M.Stanton having been this d-iv
removed from office as Secretary tor the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and em-
wilTeil'mLr.°ra? iaS &etc''eta«- of War ad mtei im, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge ot the
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. btanton has beea instructed to transfer to you
