1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
150
thousand votes, as the gentleman does, and [
perhaps not far out of the way, the colored
vote would be thirty-five thousand, very nearly
the number actually polled at the last election :
the entire vote cast being about one hundred
thousand, and the white vote numbering sixty-
five thousand.
The Governor's majority being upward of
fifty thousand, it follows that he was elected
by the white vote alone, and would have been
elected had the franchise been extended to the
entire male population of age to vote. The
white vote at the last election was larger than
has sometimes been cast at State elections,
considerably larger than was cast for Jeff.
Davis, in November. 1861. as president of the
southern confederacy. In the eastern part of
the State, the oldest and most populous part,
there is not a large colored element and the
unenfranchised rebels are few. In those por-
tions of the State where the rebellion was the
strongest the black population is the most
numerous. These facts taken together show
why so few comparatively, less than two fifths,
of the whites are unenfranchised.
Still, gentlemen will say, the disagreeable
fact remains that black men can and do vote
and that there are white men who cannot. I
shall not here and now discuss the subject
of colored suffrage. He who supposes that
four million free people, with votes enough
to elect thirty members of Congress, are to be
permanently excluded from the polls, now
that the abrogation of slavery has rendered
their exclusion no longer a pecuniary neces-
sity, has 'studied American politics to very
little purpose. Do not suppose I disregard or
misapprehend the results of recent elections,
apparently decisive of the point, I do not.
These results are only apparent. We have but
to look a moment at the adverse majorities.
In the first place, there is a large political
party whose past record is so hostile to the
colored man, and whose treatment of him has
been so grossly unjust and cruelly mean, that
they are hopeless of obtaining his vote if
enfranchised; their opposition is a political
necessity. They have nothing to lose by oppo-
sition, even if they gain nothing by it. One
of their organs in my own State frankly
declares:
"We shall lose nothing by a bold avowal of our
unqualified opposition to negro suffrage and of our
intention when we come into power, as we shall surely
do. of taking away from the negroes the power of
ruling white men.
Having attempted in the canvass of last sum-
mer, with infinite self-denial and sacrifice of
self-respect, to secure the colored man's vote,
and having met with universal and humiliating
failure because they could not successfully dis-
guise their insincerity, these people now dis-
play their true colors, and resist the vote certain,
if cast, to be against them. Then cooperating
with them in this matter, though by no means
of them, is a class of respectable, very re-
spectable, well-to do people, who are afraid of
being radical. The same kind of people have
always opposed the extension of suffrage. They
were opposed to extending it to poor people,
people without property, and consequently
without interest in the Government, having
nothing but themselves, their wives, and chil-
dren to be protected and cared fot by it.
They were bitterly opposed to extending it to
foreigners, the down-trodden of the Old World
despotisms. They oppose extending it to igno-
rant persons and persons wearing dirty clothes, '
unwholesome, whose touch would soil kid
gloves. They are a close, safe, prudentgenera- 1
tion, afraid of expansion, territorial or finan-
cial. They were alarmed at the purchase of j
Louisiana and of Florida, at the acquisition ■
of Texas, New Mexico, and California; they
shiveratthe nameof '• Walrussia," and swelter '
at the thought of a naval station in the West
Indies. They were doubtful of greenbacks y ■
they are still doubtful of greenbacks. They
see no security in any currency unless on a ;
specie basis, with a superstructure of gold, and j
that hid safely away in broken tea-pots or worn- I
out stocking legs. They are the slow, plodding
jog-trot, niiprogressive folk, who everywhere
and at all times bring nptberear of the column :
in the world's forward inarch, and require im- i
mense pricking and kicking to keep them from
straggling and getting lost. They delight to be
called Conservatives, for the most conservative
Republicans or Union men. If the truth must
be told, they lack faith in the people, and aro
not at all confident of the perpetuity and vitality
of republican government and free institutions.
They are not yet quite ready to let the colored
man go even pace with them to the ballot-box;
but they will lie entirely ready, depend upon it,
within less than twelve months. For before-
that time they will have seen that no man. not
even the mightiest of generals, can be Pres-
ident, and no party can retain power that repels
the support of this portion of the American
people.
Many of the objections to negro suffrage,
ignorance, subjection to the control of former
masters, venality, timidity, and liability to
deception, have been refuted by the colored
people themselves when they have been brought
tairly to the test. The election last summer iti
Tennessee was such a test. Both sides entered
the contest with apparently equal confidence
of being supported by this class of recently
enfranchised voters. Nor did the chances seem
very unevenly balanced. If on one side were
the moral advantages arising from opposition
to the rebellion, which looked to their perpetual
slavery, and support of the war which resulted
in their emancipation, and from securing to
them civil and political rights including this,
the greatest, of voting; on the other side were
the social and material advantages arising
from old habitudes, early companionship, ana
family rearing, and from present employment
and the tenancy of land, giving plausibility to
the profession of being the colored man's
"best friend."
The canvass opened in .April and continued
with ever-increasing activity through the months
of May, June, and July to the 1st of August.
Piles of documents,, appealing both to their
I reason and to their prejudice, were printed and
! circulated among them; speakers of their own
color, and white, and in the interestofeachjjarty,
traversed the State from the mountains to the
Mississippi, everywhere addressing eager and
attentive crowds. Barbecues, processions, mu-
sic, and inscribed banners were among the
paraphernalia of the campaign. Yet in spite
of sophistry and misrepresentation, of appeals
to appetite and cupidity, to the recollections
of childhood and early domestic associations,
of threats of violence and loss of home ana
employment, of trick and fraud and cunning,
of tickets substituted and falsely read, and of
simulated and counterfeit tickets, and the other
schemes of artful and unscrupulous election-
eering, the great body of these men voted
according to their own judgment and convic-
tion. Not one in a hundred the State over, I
venture to say, but cast his baMot at the dicta-
tion of his own will. Men went to the polls
unawed and unaffected by threats against their
lives, and with full assurance that as the pen-
alty for the day's work they would be driven
out of their homes, with their families, as beg-
gars upon the world. Who will say that these
people shall be debarred from the ballot-box
as unfit to take part in the great work of self-
government? Let. him who thinks • himself
impeccable and infallible, and his own patriot-
ism above reproach, cast the first stone at them.
It is intimated, however, that the results of
our elections are attributable to armed inter-
vention, or as one gentleman expresses it, " the
Brownlow bayonets." This is but a faint echo
here of one of the noisiest electioneering clam-
ors of our opponents. What are the facts?
Although the St^te government, from the time
of its reorganization, had unresisted and unin-
terrupted jurisdiction, there were certain local-
ities where the fragments of the defeated rebel-
lion had collected too formidably for the ordi-
nary agencies of the law. Crime, red-handed,
went abroad with impunity. In one county,
for instance, ft Senator and his son were assas-
sinated and the offenders not even brought
to trial. In another, six white Unionists were
slain, and the murderers went unpunished. In
a third, thirteen colored men were put to death,
and the man-slayers went free. To remedy this
evil and to strengthen the arm of the civil law
the Legislature authorized the Governor to
provide a limited militia force, to be used
•'when, in his opinion, the safety of life, prop-
erty, liberty, or the faifthul execution of law''
might require it. Under- this authority the
Governor organized, all told, less than two'
thousand men, (about seventeen hundred,) a
force absolutely contemptible if intended for
overawing the population, more than one half
of whose men of the arms-bearing age had
during the war served in one army or the other,
and were still not unprovided with weapons, but
sufficient, and, as experience has shown, effi-
cient to repress desperadoes and keep the
peace. So strict has been their discipline that
very few charges of misbehavior have been
made against them, even by the most rancor-
ous enmity. These have been promptly invest-
igated, and, when well founded/as promptly
punished. But I hffcve yet to hear of a single
instance where a soldier interfered at the polls
or elsewhere to secure a vote by one who was
not a legal elector, or to prevent a vote by one
duly qualified to cast it, or to compel a vote
against the voter's own inclination and choice.
I defy the most captious to point one out, much
more to establish it. The charge that Union
soldiers all over the State were driven from the
polls is not merely untrue, it is simply absurd.
I have not yet considered what, after all, is
the most grievous complaint against us—our
failure to enfranchise unrepentant rebels. To
discuss this subject fully and in all its bearings
would require a treatise. It would be folly to
attempt it with these other matters in the com-
pass of an hour's speech. I shall content my-
self, therefore, with the statement of certain
propositions, for the maintenance of which it
requires no great courage or self-assertion to
challenge all comers.
Under our system of government State citi-
zenship is inseparable from national citizenship.
One cannot owe allegiance to a State and not
at the same time owe allegiance to the nation;
nor can he repudiate the latter without also
repudiating the former. The right of self-
expatriation has been constantly asserted and
conceded by us. The southern secessionists
were at liberty, if they wished, to throw off their
allegiance to the United States. In that case
they must have taken up a permanent residence
beyond their jurisdiction and renounced the pro-
tection and all other advantages of American
citizenship, both under the State and national
governments. Had they done this and nothing
more there would have been no cause of com-
plaint. They would have been transformed
from, citizens to aliens and become the citizens
or subjects of such foreign Government as they
might adopt.
But this they did not do. They renounced their
allegiance to the Government of the United
States, declaring that they were no longer and
would be never more citizens of this Govern-
ment, and by swearing allegiance to another
power, and by every other act of renunciation
they were capable of, labored to make their
declaration good. They voluntarily cast aside
their citizenship and made themselves aliens.
As such we must treat them, and either read-
mit them to a participation with us in the State
and General Government or not at our discre-
tion. But they did more than this. They at-
tempted by arms to dismember the nation, to
subvert the Government, and to set np another
and hostile power within its territorial limits ; •
thus by the commission of treason making them-
selves criminals as well as aliens. In their
twofold character of criminals and aliens they
must be dealt with by the Government; and
whether as criminals or as aliens our power
over them underthe Constitution is absolute and
complete. We may punish them as criminals
and refuse to enfranchise them as aliens, or
