1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop*
erty now in his custody and charge.
Kespecttully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General United States Army, Washington, JJ. 0,
Article IV.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, in violation of the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, on the 21st
day of February, in the year of our Lord 1868, at
Washington, in the District of Columbia, did unlaw-
fully conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas, and with
other persons to the House of Representatives un-
known, with intent, by intimidation and threats, to
hinder.and prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and
there the Secretary for the Department ot War, duly
appointed under the laws of the United States, from
holding said office of Secretary for the Department
of War, coutraiy to and in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and of the provisions of
an act entitled "An act to define and punish certain
conspiracies," approved July 31,1861, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and there commit and was guilty of a high crime
m office.
Article V.
That said Andrew Johnson* President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of otlice, on the 21M day of Februaiy,
in the year ot our Lord 1868, and on divers other days
and times in said year, before the 28th day of said
February, at Washington, m t,heDistrictoi Columbia,
did unlawtullj- conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas,
and with other peiH>ns to the House of Representa-
tives unknown, by force to prevent and hinder the
execution of an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867,
and, in pursuance of said conspiiaey, did attempt to
prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and there being Sec-
retary for th e Department of War. duly appointed and
commissioned under the laws of the United States,
from holding said office, whereby the said Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, did then
and there commit and was guilty of a high misde-
meanor in office.
Article VI.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February,
in tho year ot our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
one Lorenzo Thomas, by force to seize, take, and pos-
sess the propoity of the United States in the War
Department, contrary to the provisions of an act
entitled "An act to define and punish certain con-
spiracies,'' appiuved July 31,1801, and with intent to
violate and du i ogard an act entitled "An act regu-
lating the tenure ot certain civil offices," passed
March 2. ISO", wheicby said Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, did then and there commit
a high crime in office.
Article VII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of ot&ce, on the 21s>t day of February, in
the year of our Lord 1868, and on divers other days
in said year, before the 28th day of said February, at
Washington, m the District of Columbia, did unlaw-
fully eonspire with one Lorenzo Thomas to prevent
and hinder the execution of an act of the United
States entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1867; and in
pursuance of said conspiracy did unlawfully attempt
to prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and there being
Seerctary for the Department ot War under the laws
of tht* United States, fiomholdingsaid office, towhich
he had been duly appointed and commissioned,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, did then and thei e commit and was guilty
of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article VIII.
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, in
the year of our Loid 1868, at Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas to seize, take, and possess the prop-
erty of the United States in the War Department,
with intent to violate and disregard the act entitled
"An actrogulatinffthetcnure of certain civil offices,"
parsed Marcii 2,1867, whereby said Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, did tnen and there
commit a high misdemeanor in office.
Article IX.
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson, Presidentof thellnited
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office, and
of his oath of office, with intent unlawfully tocontrol
the disbursements of the moneys appropriated for the
military service, and for the Department of War, on
the 21st day of February, in the year of our Lord 1868,
at Washington, in the District of Columbia, did un-
lawfully and contrary to the provisions of an act enti-
tled " An act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices/* passed March 2,1867, and in violation of tne
Constitution of the United States, and without the
advicc and consent of the Senate ot the United btatcs,
and while the Senate was then and there in session,
there being no vacancy m the office of Secietaiy for
the Department of War, appoint Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary of War nd interim, and then and there deliver
to said Lorenzo Thomas a letter of authority 111 wilt-
ing, in substance as lollows, that is to say:
[Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. 0., February 21,1868.
SiE • Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorised and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet MajorGeneral Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, D 0.
Whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article X.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, on the 22d day of February, in the year ot our
Lord 1868, at Wa&hington, in the District of Colum-
bia, in disregard of the Constitution and the laws of
Congress duly enacted, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army of the United States, did bring before himself
then and there William H. Emory, a major general
by brevet in the Army of the United States, actually
in command of the department of Washington and
the military forces theieof, and did then and there,
assuchCommander-in-Chief,declare to and instruct
said Emory that part of a law of the United States,
passed March 2, 1867, entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1868, and for other purposes." espe-
cially tho sccond section thereof which provides,
among other tilings, that "all orders and instiuc-
tions relating to military operations issued by the
President or Secretary of War shall be issued through
the General of the Army, and, m case ot his inability
through the next in lank," was unconstitutional and
in contravention of the commission of said Emory,
and therefore not binding on hiin as an officer in tho
Army of tho United States, which said provision of
law had been theretofore duly and legally promul-
gated by general order for the government and di-
rection ot the Army of the United States, as the said
Andicw Johnson then and there well knew, with in-
tent thereby to induce said Kinory in his official capa-
city as commander of the department of Washing-
ton to violate the provisions of said act, and to take
and receivc, act upon, and obey such orders as he,
the said Andrew Johnson, might make and give, and
which should not be issued through the General ot
the At my of the United States, according to the pro-
visions oi said act, whereby said Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, did then and there
commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in
office.
And the IIousc of Representatives, by protestation,
saving to themselves the liberty of exhibiting at any
time hereafter any further articles or other accusa-
tion, or impeachment against the said Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, and also of
replying to his answers which he shall make unto
the aiticles herein preferred against him, and of
offering proof to tho same, and every part thereof,
and to all and every other article, accusation, or
impeachment which shall be exhibited by them, as
tho oa^e bhall require, do demand that the said
Andrew Johnson may be put to answer the high
crimes and misdemeanors in office herein charged
against him, and that such proceedings, examina-
tions, trial5?, and judgments may be thereupon had
and given as may be agreeable to law and justice,
The SPEAKER. By the resolution of the
House of the25th day ofFebruary, it was ordered
that " when the committee to prepare articles of
impeachment of the President of the United
States report the said aiticles, the House shall
immediately resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole thereon and in thus resolving the
House into Committee of the Whole, the Chair
will state that that Committee of the Whole
will have power to take such recesses as it may
determine upon, subject to the condition that
the House itself must vote on the question of
adjourning this day's session either this after-
noon or—if the session shall be prolonged till
Monday—on Monday forenoon, so that the
session of the next legislative session may com-
mence as indicated by the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
no gentleman until the order of the House has
been executed that the House shall resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole. The
House will now resolve itself into a Committee
of the Whole.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole (Mr. Wasiibukne,
of Illinois, in the chair) and proceeded to con-
sider the report of the committee to prepare
articles of impeachment against the President
of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. . The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwell] is entitled to
the floor for fifteen minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, it is my
present purpose'merely to state the general
character of the articles which have been pre-
sented, and the facts upon which they are
founded, and also to express the desire of the
committee as to the mode of proceeding in the
Committee of the Whole upon these articles.
The committee will observe that these articles,
with the exception of the tenth, are founded
upon proof, or testimony which has already
been submitted to the House, and on which,
as we understood, the resolution which the'
House adopted on a former day was founded.
The tenth article is founded upon the testi-
mony of Brevet Major General William H.
Emory, who is, and for some time past has
been, in command of the department of Wash-
ington. Ilis testimony is printed, and will be
laid at once before the members of the House.
It is, as is set forth in the article, that on tho
22d day of the present month, after the pro-
ceedings in which we are now engaged had
been instituted, the President, by a written
message, requested him at the earliest moment
practicable to respond to the President's re-
quest for an interview. At that interview there
was a conversation, during which General
Emory laid before the President a general
order issued in the month of May last, in which
was set forth, in the exact language of tho law,
the provisions incorporated into the act for
the support of the Army, passed on the 2d
day of March 1867, in which it was provided
that all orders relating to military operations
issued by the President or by the Secretary
of War should be issued through the General
of the Army, making it in the first place a
misdemeanor for the President to issue orders
in any other way than through the General of
the Army, and making it a misdemeanor also
for any officer of the Army to obey any orders
which he knew had been issued contrary to
the provisions of this statute. The general
order which General Emory submitted to the
President contained extracts from this law.
The President having examined this order
said to him in substance, and in language exact,
I believe: "This is not in accordance with
the Constitution or with your commission;"
and it isupon that interview, the circumstances
under which it was held, and the facts which
transpired at the interview, on which this tenth
article is based.
The other articles are based upon facts which
are of public knowledge, growing out of the
attempt of the President to remove Secretary
Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War and to place in that office
Lorenzo Thomas as Secretary of War ad in-
terim, without the advice and consent of the
Senate, which is required by the Constitution
of the United States. An examination of the
articles will disclose that in some of them the
committee have set forth as the gravamen of
the charge against the President that he re-
moved the Secretary of "War lioin office con-
trary to the act of the 2d of March, 1867 ; in
others we have set forth that this removal was
made contrary to the Constitution ot the Uni-
ted States. In one article we set forth that the
appointment of Lorenzo Thomas was contrary
to the provisions of the act of March 2, 1867,
and in another article we s-aj7 that that appoint-
ment was made contrary to the Constitution
of the United States. Upon an examination
of this array of articles, it will be seen that in
several of them the President is charged with,
a conspiracy with Lorenzo Thomas to accom-
plish various purposes set forth in those articles.
1 do not purpose at this time to discuss those
articles. 1 will say. however, in connection
with the general subject of the removal of
Mr. Stanton and the appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas, and especially in reference to that
article in which it is charged, as one of the
objects of the conspiracy, that it was the intent
of the President to get possession of the dis-
bursement of the money appropiiated by law
for the support of the Army and for the mili-
tary objects of the Government—I will say
that, immediately following upon the removal,
or attempted removal, of Secretary Stanton
and the appointment of Lorenzo Thomas, the
President of the United States formally noti-
fied the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing
a copy of this letter to Mr. Stanton and a
