THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
With such action upon our records we have
a right to assume that argument upon this is
foreclosed, and that Senators who took part
with the majority in those transactions will sus-
tain the construction which they helped to
establish, and upon which the conduct of the
Secretary is based.
We are brought next to consider the charges
as stated in the second and third articles. It
is alleged that the appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas as Secretary of War "ad interim
was a high misdemeanor, being made without
law, and in violation of both law and the Con-
stitution. The provision of the Constitution
is, that—
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen [not such as he may
make] during the recess of the Senate, by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of their
next session.'"'
This certainly does not confer the right to
make " ad interim" appointments during the
session of the Senate, but, by necessary infer-
ence, denies it, by expressly granting the power
for the recess only. Hence, to fill a vacancy
in this way, while the Senate is in session and
ready to provide for any emergency, is, in the
absence of positive law authorizing it, a clear
violation of the Constitution. The guilt was
in this case enhanced by an attempt to fill an
office which the respondent himself claims has
never been vacated.
But the President is equally unfortunate in
his appeal to law. The act of 1789 makes no
provision for "ad interim," appointments.
Tlmt of May 2, 1792, authorizes temporary
appointments in case of death, absence, or
sickness, but not for vacancies created by
removal. That of February 18, 1795, allows
the President to appoint for six months, "in
case of vacancy, whereby the Secretaries or
any officer in any of the Departments cannot
perform the duties of his office.''
The construction of this act is somewhat
obscure and doubtful. It applies to such va-
cancies of office as are occasioned by the in-
ability of the officer to "pel-form the duties of
his office." An officer removed cannot per-
form the duties of his office, it is true, but the
natural implication of the language runs pari
passu with that of 1792, confining it to such
vacancies as occur from death, absence, or
sickness. But if we give it the broadest appli-
cation, and cover all vacancies, the limitation
of six months placed upon the temporary
anpointinents which it authorizes is designed
clearly to cover the interim between the ses-
sions of Congress, and recognizes the hitherto
unbroken practice of the Executive to create
and fill vacancies only during the recess of the
Senate. I conclude, therefore, it was not de-
signed to authorize by this act an appointment
like that of General Thomas.
The act of February 20, 1863, fails equally
to provide for this case.
But even if these statutes by a proper con-
struction covered the action of the President,
he cannot use them, for they have been swept
away by the tenuie-of-office act, and he is re-
mitted to its provisions alone, which explicitly
prohibited any such appointment.
If the first and second sections take from
him, as I have argued, the right to remove
Stanton, then there was no vacancy, and the
appointment of Thomas was made "contrary
to the provisions of this act," and was by the
sixth section of the same a high misdemeanor.
It has been urged that the last clause of the
third section empowers the President to make
such an appointment, but an examination of
the section shows this to be a perversion. It
simply provides that in case the Senate shall
fail to fill a vacancy which has occurred by death
or resignation during the recess of the same,
such officers as may by law exercise such powers
arid duties shall exercise all the powers and
duties belonging to such office so vacant^ but
that "such office shall remain in abeyance with-
out any salary, fees, or emoluments attached
thereto, until the same shall be filled by appoint-
ment thereto by and with, the advice and con-
sent of the Senate."
General Thomas was not so appointed. The
law cannot possibly be stretched to cover and
justify his case.
Equally fallacious is the interpretation which
has been given to the eighth sectiori. This
simply makes it the duty of the President to
notify the Secretary of the Treasury whenever
he shall have "designated, authorized or em-
ployed any person to perform the duties of any
office" temporarily vacated, as designated in
the third artiele.
This is the whole extent of its meaning, and
it cannot be so tortured as to authorize an
"ad interim" appointment made during the
session of the Senate.
I conclude, therefore, that the President hav-
ing violated the act of March 2,1807, as alleged
in the first, second, and third articles, is guilty
of a high misdemeanor.
Of the fourth, sixth, seventh, and ninth
articles, I need not speak, as the trial failed
entirely, to my apprehension, in establishing the
allegations therein set forth by any substantial
proof. No satisfactory evidence was presented
to my mind of a conspiracy as alleged in either
of the articles. In this I think the House
entirely failed to make good their charges.
The fifth article charges that the President
conspired with Lorenzo Thomas and others to
" prevent and hinder the execution of an act
entitled ' An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices,' and in pursuance of said
conspiracy did unlawfully attempt to prevent
Edwin M. Stanton" from holding the office of
Secretary of War. That there was an under-
standing between the PresidentandThomas that
the latter was to be substituted for Stanton in
the ofiice of Secretary of War, in disregard of
the act of March 2, 1867, is clear, but that there
was any concert to use force to bring it about
does not appear from the evidence.
The eighth article charges npon Andrew
Johnson a high misdemeanor, in that he issued
a'letter of authority to Lorenzo Thomas, trans-
ferring to him the office of Secretary for the
Department of War, in violation of law, when
there was no vacancy in said_ office, and when
the Senate was in session, with intent unlaw-
fully to control the disbursements of the moneys
appropriated for the military service and for
the Department of War.
I have already given my opinion upon the
issuance of the letter to Thomas in what I have
said in respect to the second and third articles.
That a control of the money appropriated for
the military service and the Department of
War was a principal motive for securing the
place of Mr. Stanton is self-evident, forwithout
it the office could not be administered, and would
be a vain and useless shadow of power. I do
not see that this article adds anything new, for
the gravamen of the charge is involved in the
third article. The final judgment upon this j
must be the same as upon that. _ j
The facts alleged in the tenth article are
known and read of all men, and are not denied
by the respondent. That the speeches referred
to in this artiele were " slanderous harangues,"
showing not only a want of culture, but the
j entire absence of good sense, good taste,_ or
good temper, nobody can deny. But in view
I i of the liberty of speech which our laws au-
i| thorize, in view of the culpable license of speech
|j which is practiced and allowed in other branches
ij of the Government, I doubt if we can at pres-
|| ent make low and scurrilous speeches aground
j: of impeachment. I say this in sorrow, and not
j! in any spirit of palliation, for the speeches
referred to in the charges were infamous and
li blasphemous, and could not have been uttered
'' by any man worthy to hold the exalted posi-
! tion of Chief Magistrate of an intelligent and
| virtuous people. Personal decency should be
I deemed essential to high official responsibility
! in this Republic, but it must be secured by a
public sentiment which shall exact virtue rather
than availability in those whom it advances to
the great trusts of society. When we reflect
how essential to national welfare arfd humaii
progress is that liberty o,f speech whfchwe have
inherited, and how readily a restriction upon
its abuse may turn to an abuse upon its restric-
tion, we hesitate to inflict a "merjte'd r>ett&lfry
upon this prominent offender.. We _<!©%<a jt
safer to— ' .
"Bear those ills w'e'ijave,. „
Than fly to other? that we know not
There are four distinct allegations in the
eleventh article. The first relates .to the Pres-
ident's misrepresentations of Congress in. pub-
lic speech, and has already been reviewed iu
considering the .tenth article. '
The second ekarges a violatio.n of " an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
by unlawfully devising and .contriving, ami
attempting to devise and iContriye, nieans to
prevent Mr, Stanton from resuming his office
of Secretary of War after the Senate had re-
fused to concur in his suspension. . This is a
charge not mentioned in any preceding artiele,
and its proof is unequivocal ai(d.satisfactory.
The' attempt was made through General
Grant, and the President's letter of reproof to
that distinguished eitizen for defeating his
wicked purpose by refusing to participate with
him in a premeditated breach of law and con-
tempt of the Senate, is the impregnable demon-
stration of the allegation. The following is
the language of his letter:
"You had found io our first conference 'that the
President was desirous of keeping Mr. Stanton oat
of office, whether sustained in the suspension or not/
You knew what reasons had induced the President
to ask from yon a promise: you also knew tlmt in
ease your views of duty did not accord with his own
convictions it was his purpose to fill your place by
another appointment. Even ignoring the existence
of a positive understanding between us, these eon-
elusions were plainly deduciblc from our various
conversations. It is certain, however, that even
undor these circumstances you did not offer to return
the place to my possession, but, according to your
own statement, placed yourself in a position where,
could X have anticipated your action, I would have
been compelled to ask of you. as I was compelled to
ask of your predecessor in the War Department, a
letter of resignation, or else to resort to the more
disagreeable expedient of suspending you by a suc-
cessor." *
The third and fourth allegations of this arti-
cle do not seem to have received that attention
which their importance would justify. The
evidence upon the records by which they are
supported is very slight. I have been the more
surprised at this inasmuch as the last sets forth
that the President attempted to prevent the
execution of the act entitled "An act toprovide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States." This I have deemed the primum
mobile which has impelled the entire policy of
the Executive.
This has been the motive of all our excep-
tional legislation ; this has prolonged and mul-
tiplied our sessions : this has distracted busi-
ness, and protracted the unrest of society, and
this will be the crowning infamy of ail Admin-
stration inaugurated by assassination. All
these willful violations of law have drawn their
inspiration from this fell intent. It they had
been only technical and inadvertent lapses or
had resulted from misapprehension they might
be pardoned, but being specimens from a
flagrant catalogue of persistent law-breaking
public safety demands a resort to constitutional
remedies.
There may be wise and patriotic men who
fear lest conviction should impress a habit of
instability upon our institutions and unsettle
ithe foundations of society. No statesman
should be censured for a prudent forecast, but
he should not hesitate to use the means which
the experience of ages has shown to Inessen-
tial safeguards of popular rights. The English
ministry retire with every defeat, and these
frequent changes of administration strengthen
rather than weaken the Government. A people
careless and not over-jealous of their rights
are in danger of overthrow. History teaches
that great wars enhance the powers of the
Executive at the expense of popular rights,
and that powers once exercised are likely to
be held as an inalienable prerogative. We are
