1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February-29,
copy of the letter to Lorenzo Thomas, that
this change had been made, and that he, the
Secretary of the Treasury, must govern him-
self accordingly.
In considering and preparing these articles
the committee met with a difficulty in the out-
set which it becomes me to present to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House in the beginning
of this discussion. That difficulty is this:
what should be the description, so far as the
office is concerned, in which Andrew Johnson
should be arraigned for these misdemeanors ;
whether as President of the United States or
as Vice President of the United States, upon
whom the powers and duties of the office of
President had devolved.
After such consideration as the committee
were able to give to this matter during the
period of time assigned to the consideration of
this subjcct they are, I believe I may say,
unanimously of opinion that the manner of
description used in the articles we have reported
is that manner of description on which we shall
be compelled to rely. Without undertaking
at this moment to advise the House finally as
to what they ought to do upon this branch of
the subject, I will venture to suggest this con-
sideration, derived from the Constitution : that
it is only when Hie President is on trial before
the Senate that the Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States is to preside.
Therefore.it follows that a different court must
be organized for the trial of the Vice President
from that authorized by the Constitution to try
the President.
This, however, it seems to mo, is compara-
tively something immaterial; though a decis-
ion by the Senate contrary to the course we
may here adopt may lead to delays and diffi-
culties. But I am of the opinion at the pres-
ent moment that it is impossible for us, by any
course we may here adopt, to avoid all possible
difficulties. If Andrew Johnson be arraigned
as President of the United States, then the
Chief Justice will be called upon to preside in
the high court of impeachment. If the Senate
or the court shall decide that he is not properly
described in the articles of impeachment, then
the court must be reorganized for the purpose
of proceeding with this trial upon the charge
and description that he is the Vice President of
the United States. Without any further judg-
ment upon the matter than that it is the opinion
of the committee that the description employed
in these articles is the proper description on
which to proceed, I will wait for the final judg-
ment of the House upon that matter.
It will be observed that these articles are
based upon events and facts which have trans-
pired or taken place since the report made by
the Committee on the Judiciary, on which, in
an indirect way, the judgment of the House was
taken. I may say I believe that it is pretty
nearly the unanimous opinion of the commit-
tee that this course, under the circumstances,
is the wise and proper course. In the first
place, we believe unanimously that there is here
set forth matters on which, when the critical
judgment of this House shall have been applied
to the artistic structure of these articles, and it
shall have perfected them in that respect, we
may safely go to the Senate and the country for
the final judgment of guilty against the person
accused. And if that be so, it is wholly useless
to multiply articles or to seek for ground of
accusation elsewhere; and I am compelled to
say that if we are to fail upon the arraignment
which we here make I cannot see how, upon
articles based on other transactions which are
known to the country, we could hope to suc-
ceed. Therefore I, for one, have concurred in
the opinion that it is the safest and the wisest
course to proceed upon these articles which,
with the exception of the tenth, have already,
as I understand, been approved by the House
of Representatives by a very large vote in the
resolution declaring that Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, is guilty of
high crimes and misdemeanors.
Upon the previous accusation brought against
him it happened that we had not the support
even of a majority of this House. I am com-
pelled also to admit that we had not a larger
proportionate support in the country: while,
so far as I can understand, there is now among
the loyal people of the country a substantial
indorsement of the judgment of the House that
the President of the United States is guilty
upon the facts which have been recently devel-
oped, and which are made the groundwork of
the articles which we now present. I may say
farther, that it is the desire of the committee
that in the discussions which are to take place
on this day and on the succeeding day allowed
for discussion under the rule of the House the
attention of members should be directed to per-
fecting these articles, so that they may stand
the test of the scrutiny to which they are to be
immediately subjected elsewhere, and also the
test of that scrutiny to which they are to be
subjected hereafter. And I may say for the
committee that we have no special attachment
to the particular words and phrases employed
in these articles of impeachment. What we
desire most sincerely is that this House shall
act without any reference to the opinions, of
the committee or to what the committee has
done, cxcept so far as they may regard the
opinions of the committee as entitled to weight,
or what we here present as worthy "of the
indorsement of the House.
Mr. Chairman, in the fourth line of the tenth
article the word " Congress" is used, where,
as I believe, the language should be "the Uni-
ted States." The phrase now reads, "in dis-
regard of the Constitution and the laws of Con-
gress." It should read, "in disregard of the
Constitution and the laws of the United States."
I ask that that amendment may be now made
bj' general consent.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment will
be considered as adopted by unanimous con-
sent, if there is no objection.
There was no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Th e time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that the order of
the House under which the Committee of the
Whole is acting may bo read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
resolution adopted by the House on this sub-
ject.
The Clerk road as follows:
Jtewloed, That the rules be suspended, and that it
is hereby ordered, as follows:
When thecommittec to prepare articles of impeach-
ment of the Presidentof the UnitedSta.tcs report the
said articles the House shall immediately resolve
itself into the Committee ofthe Whole thereon; that
speeches in committee shall be limited tofifteenrom-
uteseach, which debate shall continue till the next
legislative day after tho report, to the exclusion of
all other business cxcept thereadingof the Journal;
that at three o'clock on tho afternoon of said second
day the fifteen-minute debate shall cease, and the
eommitteo shall then proceed to consider and vote
upon amendments that may be offered under the five-
minute rule of debate; but no merely pro forma
amendment shall beentertained; that atfouro'clock
on tho afternoon of said second day the committee
shall rise and report their action to the House, which
shall immediately and without dilatory motions vote
thereon; that if the articles of impeachment are
agreed on the House shall then immediately and
without dilatory motions elect by ballot seven mana-
Kcrs to conduct said impeachinenton the part of the
House; and that during the x>endency of resolutions
in tho House relative to said impeachment thereaf-
ter no dilatory motions shall be received cxcept one
motion on each day that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BURR.. Mr. Chairman, it was not my
purpose nor desire to come so early before the
committee in opposition to the articles which
have been presented; but by the arbitrary
arrangement to which we are necessarily sub-
jected in defining the lines of debate, it seems
that I must occupy this position or none.
At last, it seems that the accumulated wrath
of radicalism is to be poured out upon the
head of the Chief Executive of this nation.
What is designated as the "patience" of times
past is about exhausted, and we are to-day to
have an inauguration of the first scene of the
kind, and I trust the last in the history of our
Republic.
In the history of the past we have had changes
many and frequent in public position, but, in my
judgment, none that will so shock the seijse
of justice of the American people as that to be .
wrought out by this proceeding except only
that sudden and startling act which nearly three
years ago deprived this nation of its Chief Ex-
ecutive in the person of Abraham Lincoln.
Ten articles have been presented, or rather
ten specifiations of one article, and the debate
limited to one minute and ahalf to each one of
these specifications. Without having time to
examine particularly any of them, I propose
to designate this plan of impeaching the_ Pres-
ident as being a movement directly in the
interest of a party, and that party centering to-
day around two men, one of whom is the act-
ing Secretary of War, Edwin M. Stanton, and
the other, to-day the President of the Senate,
Benjamin* P. Wade, of Ohio. I say, sir, this
movement is in the interest, as I honestly be-
lieve, of these two men.
On the 4th of March, 1865, Mr. Lincoln waa
inducted into the presidential chair, and at the
same time, and as the result of the same vote,
Andrew Johnsonrtook the oath of office as Vice
President. A cruel tragedy in the history of
the nation deprived us of the executive head
and the Vice President became President, and
he is to-day the Chief Magistrate of the Re-
public. No other man is in existence to-day
elected by the people for either of those posi-
tions. No one to-day but Andrew Johnson is
living who, in 1864, was contemplated by the
Republican party as a possible President, or
as having then any title to the nomination from
the party then in power. Now, sir. assuming
for one moment these articles will be sus-
tained by the House and the verdict of the
Senate on any or all of these specifications shall
he guilty as against Andrew J©hnson, what,
then, is to follow in the history of the United
States ? That a man never having received the
vote of the people of the United States for any
office, a man who, if presented, would have
been repudiated by the people of the whole
Union, a man so recently and so decidedly
repudiated by the people of his own State is,
without'public sanction, without public con-
sent, inducted into the highest office within the
gift of the American people without even so
much as consultation with the people whatever.
These ten articles or specifications, with the
exception of the last one, are based upon an
act of the President in removing or assuming
to remove Edwin M. Stanton from the War
Department. That act was in advance sanc-
tioned by the Senate of the United States, in
the debate which took place on the tenure-of-
office bill, the alleged violation of which is to-
day made the occasion for his removal from
office.
The Senate in debating the bill acted ou
the assumption that it did not relate to Cab-
inet officers, and was not intended to protect
tliem in position without presidential sanction.
Every member of the Cabinet has declared this
tenure-of-ofiice act unconstitutional, Mr. Sran-
ton being more positive and vehement in his
denunciation of it than'any other member of
that Cabinet. The Attorney General, who is
the law officer of the President, and who was
selected both because of his eminent legal
ability and his acknowledged fidelity to the
party which elected Mr. Lincoln to office has,
as we are informed and know, declared in
direct and positive terms that the act of Con-
gress, charged to have been violated by Mr.
Johnson in removing Edwin M. Stanton from
the War Department was and is in violation
of our Federal Constitution, which is the para-
mount law of the land.
_ Nov.-, for acting as it is alleged in the direc-
tion of these concurring opinions the Presi-
dent of the United States is, in the interest of
that same Secretary of War, to be deposed
from offiee and another man, not sanctioned, as
I have said, by the people of the United States
or of his own State, is to be made his succes-
sor. So far as the President may have re-
moved or attempted to remove the Secretary of
War, the people of the United States, I believe,
and I think the majority of the members ou
