SUPPLEMENT TO
no exception to the rule. With us, the tempt-
ation of the Chief Magistrate to overstep his
authority is even greater than in Governments
•where executive power is less limited. It is
difficult for a ruler who has used for years
without wrong the unlimited powers of war to
"restrict himself at once, on the return of peace,
to the narrow limits then essential to the
security of popular rights.'
, Abraham Lincoln in a few instances trans-
cended, the ordinary exercise of executive
authority, and we legalized it as a military
necessity. Pour years of laborious, patriotic,
suffering life, devoted to a rescue' of the liber-
ties and integrity of the Republic, were the
pledges he gave that he would not usurp or
abuse his power-for the gratification of either
revenge or ambitito. Andrew Johnson has
no .such excuse and can g'ive no such security
When he oversteps his constitutional limits and
Bets aside lawi
There have been no "public considerations
of a high character" to justify his high-handed
usurpation ofpower. There was nothing in
the personal character and nothing in the offi-
cial conduct of this distinguished minister of
war, who, more than the great French minister,
may be said to have '1 organized victory,'' which
could give the shadow of a pretext for his sus-
pension or removal. His offense was that at
the expense of personal comfort he fulfilled
the purpose of Congress and checked, if he did
not baffle the effort of the Executive to arrest
the legal and peaceful reorganization of the
South, Ilis obedience to the spirit and letter
of our laws "constrained" the President to
"cause him to surrender the office."
If the President is convicted he suffers for a
"Violation of law: if acquitted, Mr. Stanton suf-
fers for obedience to the law. Back of the
acts for which the former is on trial lie the
three yearn of malignant obstruction of law
and public order pouring a wicked intent into
the allegations of this indictment. Back of
this attempted removal of Mr. Stanton lies the
splendid record of the great Secretary, which
.will hereafter thread your history like a path
of gold. Who shall fall in the final issue, he
who obeys or he who defies your legislation?
If conviction may impress instability upon
otir institutions, acqniful may destroy the ori-
ginal adjustment and balance of their powers
and hasten their overthrow. The lessons of
history warn ns rather against the indulgence
than the arrest of arbitrary power.
When power flows back into the hands of
the people it only returns to its original and
rightful source; but when it passes up into
the hands of a usurper, the reign of despotism
is inaugurated. History has been a perpetual
struggle between popular rights and personal
ambition, and experience shows that we do
not utter empty words when we say that " vigi-
lance is the price of liberty."
As a member of the House of Representa-
tives, J voted under the obligations of an oath,
for the act of My,rch 2, 1807, with a clear un-
derstanding that it protected Mr. Stanton as
Secret try of War against removal at pleasure
by the President; and now, when he is brought
to our bar, to be tried for the consummation
of that act, 1 but discharge a solemn duty,
from which I cannot escape, when, as a Sen-
ator, I pronounce Andrew Johnson guilty of
a violation of that law.
OPINION
OF
HON. CHARLES R. BUCKALEYV.
THE STANTOX AKTICLK.
The first article of impeachment, which
charges the issuing of the order for the removal
of Edwin M. Stanton from his office of Secre-
tary of War upon the -1st February, 18f>8, is
the most important one of the aitides, and
presents itself first for consideration. It is
charged that that order was unlawfully issued
with'intent to violate the tenure-of-office act of
March 2, 18(17, and contrary to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and that by issuing
it the President did commit and was guilty of
a high misdemeanor in office.
Was the order for the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton authorized by the Constitution and la,ws of
the United States, or was it in violation of either
or both? The argument upon this question
has been prolonged and exhaustive; but to a
just conclusion it will only be .necessary to
examine a few points and place them in their
proper relations to each other and to the gen-
eral question involved.
As a constitutional question, the executive
power to remove from office may be placed
upon those two provisions of the Constitution
of the United Stales which declare that the
executive power of the Government shall be
vested in the President, and that lie shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed. The
power to remove being executive in its nature,
and its exercise, upon fit occasions, being
necessary to the due execution,of the laws, it
is insisted that it is vested in the President by
these provisions of the Constitution. And such
was the decision of Congress after full debate
in 1789.
If this construction of the Constitution be a
true construction there can be no doubt that
the President liad due authority to issue the
order for the removal of Mr. Stanton.
But the power of the President to remove a
Secretary of War from office is clearly declared
by the second section of the act of the 7th of
August, 1789, organizing the WarBepartinent.
That section reads as follows:
"There shall be in saitl Department an inferior
officer, to be appointed by the said principal otlicer,
to be employed therein as ho shall deem proper, to
be called the Chief Clorlc in the Department of War,
and who, whenever the mud principal officer fthall be
removed from oMeebu the 17'friidciit of the United titatee,
or in any oaso of vacancy, shall (hiring such vacancy
have tho charge and custody of all records, books,
and papers appertaining to the said Department."
Whether this section simply admits that the
President has power to remove by virtue of
the Constitution or confers the power upon
him is not material to our present purpose. I u
either case it is a legislative declaration that
he can remove the Secretary, the "principal
otlicer" in the Department of War.
Again, it is in evidence and undenied that
Secretaries of War have always been appointed
and commissioned to hold their office "during
the pleasure of the President of the United
States for the time being," and Mr. Stanton's
commission—the only one ever issued to him—
is in that form.
It only remains to inquire whether recent
legislation has changed the tenure of office of
the Secretary of War so as to impair or destroy
the President's power of removal. The first
section of the teuure-of-office act of 2d March,
18tS7, is as follows:
"That any person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the toenate, and every pert-on who shall
hereafter bo appointed to any such office and shall
become duly qualified to act, therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided : Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War,
of the Navy, arid of the Interior, the Postmaster
General and the Attorney General, shall hold their
ollices respectively for and during the torm of the
President by whom they may have been appointed
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with tho advice and consent of tho Senate."
The proviso of this section puts the heads
of Departments into a class by themselves,
but cannot have practical effect upon four of
the Secretaries who were appointed to office by
Mr. Lincoln, namely, the Secretary of State,
the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Secretary of the Navy. They
were appointed by Mr. Lincoln in his first term
and were commissioned by him, in the usual
form which then obtained, to hold their offices
" during the pleasure of the President of the
United States for the time being." Theirs was
then a tenure at will; they were to hold at the
pleasure of the Presideut who appointed them,
or of his successor, whoever that successor
might be.
The Secretary of the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney General had been
appointed by Mr. Johnson and had received
commissions in the same form. So stood the
case as to the heads of Departments when the
tenure-of-office act was passed.
The proviso, therefore, in declaring that heads
of Departments should hold during the term
of the President by whom they may have been
appointed and for one month thereafter, could
not have the practical effect of expanding or
changing the tenure upon which the Lincoln
Secretaries held their offices ; for the term of
the President who appointed them, and during
which they were appointed, expired March 4,
1865, and they were never reappointed after
its expiration. Besides, Mr. Johnson's term
began in April, 1865, and when the law was
passed, March 2, 1867, there was no term run-
ning of a President by whom they had been
appointed. There can be no pretense of an
appointment of them by Mr. Johnson or by
Mr. Lincoln in his second term, from the fact
that they held over after March 4, 1865. No
new commissions were issued to them, and in
fact no new appointments were possible with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate,'which
was never asked for or given.
In my opinion, all Secretaries, present and
future, were within the descriptive words of
the proviso, but the Lincoln Secretaries were
not practically within the operation of the new
tenure which that proviso established. They
were within the words which distinguished and
separated heads of Departments from other
civil officers of the Government, but not effect-
ually brought within the new tenure rule. For
purposes of classification all heads of Depart-
ments were named in the proviso and excluded
from the body of the section, but the tenure
of those Secretaries was not in fact changed,
but was left as before.
No one can doubt the complete application
of the tenure-of-office act to all heads of De-
partments appointed by future Presidents.
They will all hold during the term of the Pres-
ident who shall appoint them, and for one
month thereafter; there will be no exceptions.
If a President shall be chosen for a second
term the members of his Cabinet must be reap-
pointed if they are to hold for more than one
month in his new term. But suppose a Presi-
dent shall die, resign, or be removed from
office before his term shall run out? Will his
Cabinet be fastened upon his successor for
one month only or for the remainder of the
full term? Will a Secretary appointed March
4, 1809, be entitled to hold for a fixed and inde-
feasible term of four years and one month,
or may he lose his place sooner by the death,
resignation, or removal of the President who
appoints him? Now, this is, in one view, an
important inquiry in fixing the construction of
the tenure-of-office act in its application to the
case before us. For if it shall appear that
upon the death, resignation, or removal of a
future President his Cabinet will go out at the
end of one month, there is no ground left, for
the argument that Mr. Stanton now holds his
office under the law. He can claim to hold
it only upon the ground of the non-expiration
of Mr. Lincoln's second term. If that term
expired with Mr. Lincoln's life he has no stand-
ing whatever in any forum of honest debate.
In my opinion, in oase of the death, resig-
nation, or removal of a future President, his
Cabinet will go out of office at the end of one
month. A President, takes a four-year term
subject to the implied condition that he shall
live so long and shall not resign or be removed
upon impeachment. His term ends when for
any cause he vacates or is removed from his
office and can no longer perform its duties.
The term of the Emperor Charles V ended
when he resigned his crown; that of James II
when Parliament declared he had abdicated
the throne by withdrawing himself from the
realm. In the ordinary case of an officer of
