44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 18,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
while their chief value arises from their pre-
ventive influence.
The pension act of July 14, 1802, is the most
comprehensive and munificent ever made by
any Government for similar purposes. The
administration of its provisions evinced the
necessity of amending it in several essential
particulars. A total disability entitled a pen-
sioner to a fixed amount. A wound causing
the loss of a right hand and one rendering the
sufferer entirely and permanently helpless, were
each rated at the maximum sum. The act in
this regard has been wisely changed, and it
would be difficult to suggest a more equitable
rule than that which now exists, although it is
subject to the infirmity of all general enact-
ments, and occasionally fails to make full pro-
vision for an individual case. Former laws
made no provision for relatives in the ascending
or collateral lines. The act of 1802 lirst gave
a pension to the dependent mother of the
deceased soldier or ollieer, or, if there were
none, to his orphan sisters under the age of
sixteen years. The act of June 6, 1806, so
amends the fourth section of the act of 1862 as
to make its provisions apply to and include the
orphan brother as well as sister, and the father
as well as the mother. That section in its ori-
ginal shape made no mention of the mother,
aud it is very questionable, when the father and
the orphan sisters are the only surviving rela-
tives, whether the former or latter would be
entitled to a pension, or whether they would
not have a joint claim. The mother is regarded
as having the exclusive right where the father
is also living, but I suggest that the order in
which the relatives should be entitled to take
precedence be more clearly delined by declara-
tory legislation.
The third section of the act of July 25, I860,
extends the act of 1862 and the acts supple-
mentary and amendatory thereto, as far as
applicable, to the pensions under previous laws,
except revolutionary pensioners. The prac-
tical construction of this act by the Pension
Bureau has limited its effect merely to thespe-
cific increases allowed to pensioners, and does
not recognize it as making a new class of pen-
sioners, or as placing, in every respect, all pen-
sions, except revolutionary, upon the basis of
said acts. This construction may not give full
eft'ect, in the opinion of Congress, to the intent
and purpose of the act: but should they not
otherwise direct, it will be adhered to in the
adjudication of all cases to which it applies.
The aet of 18G2 was enacted in reference to
the then existing war. It was confined to dis-
eases contracted or wounds received in the
military or naval service, and in the line of
duty, after March 4, 1861, and deaths result-
ing therefrom. Hostilities have ceased. 1
submit that an amendment should be made
excluding the allowance of a pension by reason
of death the result of disease hereafter con-
tracted, except upon the occurrence of a
future war. An examination of the various
acts of Congress granting military pensions,
commencing with that of March 10, 1802, fix-
ing our military peace establishments, satisfies
me that the amendment suggested is not only
right and proper, but in keeping with our past
legislation. That act provided that the widow,
or if there were none then the child of a com-
missioned officer who should die by leason of
a wound received in the actual service of the
United States, should be entitled to receive
for the period of five years half the monthly
pay to which he was entitled at the time of
his death. The act of June 29, 1813, con-
ferred the same limited right upon the same
condition, although war was then existing;
and in 1816, after the termination of hostili-
ties, the allowance to the widows or children
of officers of the Army was confined to in-
stances where such officers had died during the
war, or should thereafter die of wounds re
ceived in the service. In regard to the naval
service the provision was extended to widows
the death of whose husbands in the service
was caused by disease contracted, or of casual-
tics by drowning or otherwise, or of injuries
received in the line of duty. Subsequent acts_,
in regard to the Navy, renewed for a term oi
years the provision for half pay to widows.
The first section of the act of July 4, 1836,
in reference to the widows of officers or en-
listed men of the militia, including volunteers
who had died since April 20, 1818, conferred
a right to half pay when the officer or enlisted
man died in the service, or in consequence of
a wound received in service. The first section
of the act of July 21, 1848, declares that the
foregoing provision shall be applicable to all
widows and orphans of officers or enlisted men
of the Army of the United States who were in
the Army of the United States on the 1st day
of March, 1846, or at any subsequent period
during the then war with Mexico. The second
section extends the provision to the widows
or children of officers or enlisted men of the
regular Army, or volunteers, who had died
since April 1, 1840, or who might die during
the war with Mexico of wounds received or
disease contracted during said war; provided
that the death had occurred, or should there-
after occur, during the time that such officer
or enlisted man was in actual service and in
the line of duty, or while returning to his
usual place of residence in the United States
after having been discharged upon a surgeon's
certificate of disability incurred from wounds
received or disease contracted while in the line
of duty, or on the march to join the army of
Mexico ; and declares that the act shall not be
applicable to the widows and orphans of ofli-
cers or enlisted men who had not served in or
upon the borders of Mexico. The act of Feb-
ruary 2, 1S49, construes the second section of
the act of 1848 so as to make it applicable to
all those whose husbands or fathers remained
in the service to the day of their death, or who
received an honorable discharge, or died after
their return home of wounds received or dis-
ease contracted during the war and in the line
of duty. Successive acts of Congress were
passed from time to time to which 1 need not
specially allude. They all seem, except in
reference to the widows of revolutionary sol
diers, to rest upon the obviously just propo-
sition that in order to give a pension to the
widow of an officer of the regular Army or to
his childien, if he died without leaving
widow, he must have died of a wound received,
or else that the mortal disease was contracted
during actual hostilities. Prior, therefore, to
the act of 1862, neither the widow nor the
children of such an oflicer were entitled to a
pension by reason of his death resulting from
disease contracted in time of peaeo, and such
has been the ruling of the Pension Bureau.
The deal h of an ollieer in charge of a bureau
in the War Department, by reason of disease
contracted since the termination of the late
war and during the time in which he was en-
gaged in the performance of his official duties
in this cily, devolves upon his widow a pen-
sion right, not for a limited term of years, but
during her widowhood. He is not subject to
the imminent perils or to the exposure which
in time of war make such havoc of human life.
Llis duties are sucli as ordinarily appertain to
an officer in the civil service. His appoint-
ment is for life, and assures him, under exist-
ing laws, pay and emoluments eighty-five per
cent, greater than the salary of an oflicer of
corresponding grade in the other Departments,
whose duties are equally laborious, and whose
official tenure is far more precarious. This
case is not exceptional. During peace the
military is not in a greater degree than the
civil ollieer exposed to casualties that endan-
ger health, life, or limb. The claim, there-
fore, of his widow upon the country, if he dies
of disease then contracted, is not stronger
than that of the widow of the civil officer, and
our laws have never granted to the latter a
40th Cong 2d Sess.
pension by reason of the services and death
of her husband. I recommend such an amend-
ment of the law as will exclude from its bene-
fits the widow or children of an officer of the
Army who shall die of disease not contracted,
or from a cause not occurring during war aud
in the line of duty. The same provision should
be applied to the Navy, with such modifica-
tions as the arduous and peculiar character of
the service may, in the opinion of Congress,
require. Our legislation will then be in har-
mony with that which preceded the enactment
of a law deemed expedient during a civil war
in which the country needed the services of all
her sons, and offered the highest rewards to
those who, on the field or the deck, imperiled
their lives in saving her from dishonor and
death.
Under our present legislation a pension un-
claimed for fourteen months after the same
has become due is not payable at the agency
for paying pensions, but must be adjusted at
the Third Auditor's office and paid by warrant
on the Treasury. No good reason exists for
the continuance of this practice. It would be
betterto regard a failure during a longer peiiod
to demand payment as presumptive proof that
the right thereto had ceased by the restoration
of the invalid to health and physical ability,
the marriage of the widow, or the happening
of some other condition which by law deter-
mines it. A new application would then be
required. The applicant's name should be
restored and the accrued pension paid as other
pensions if the presumption arising from the
lapse of time be overcome by the proofs.
The applications for pensions notwithstand-
ing they have increased in number by reason
of the recent modifications of the laws have
been determined with the utmost dispatch
under the supervision of the efficient chief of the
bureau. His report is worthy of the highest
encomium for its comprehensiveness, perspi-
cuity, and brevity.
Our Indian relations have assumed a new
and interesting aspect. The steady approach
of emigration to the grounds heretofore devoted
to the chase, and the rapid progress of the rail-
roads pointing toward the Pacific and traversing
the country over which the Indians from time
immemorial have roamed, imperiously demand
that the policy of concentrating them upon
reservations should, whenever practicable, be
adopted. Until recently there was territory
enough to supply the demands of the white
race without unduly encroaching upon the dis-
tricts where the Indians subsisted by hunt-
ing. This condition of things no longer exists.
Christianity and civilization, with the industrial
arts, are spreading over the entire region from
the Mississippi to the Pacific. The Indians are
in possession of vast tracts of country, abound-
ing in precious metals, or rich in sources of
agricultural wealth. These invite the enter-
prise of the adventurous pioneer, who, in seek-
ing a home and fortune, is constantly pressing
upon the abode of the red man.
By an inevitable law, two races, one civilized
and the other barbarous, are being bi ought face
to face. The obligations which rest upon the
Government, extend to both. Each is justly
entitled to protection. Our duty requires us
to devise a system by which civilization, with
its attendant blessings, may be fostered and
extended, and at the same time protection be
secured to the tribes.
The estimated number of Indians is about
three hundred thousand, spreading from Lake
Superior to the Pacific ocean. Uhose east of
the Mississippi, with few exceptions, are on
reservations; so also are the tribes in Kansas
north of the Arkansas, and those located
between the western border of Arkan >aa and
the country known as the ''leased lands."
lreaties were negotiated last winter with the
Kansas tribes, and submitted to the Senate for
its constitutional action. If ratified nud in
good faith executed, these tribes will be pro-
