1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
tions. And it is worthy of remark that the |
men •whose opposition to the war and to every 1
measure looking to the suppression of the re-
btliiou was the most declared and marked —
men ostracized or imprisoned for their dis-
loyalty—are still the tolerated and recognized
leaders of their party. In a combination of
this party, headed by these leaders and the
southern rebels, under the lead ot their late
chieftains, it requires little political sagacity
to foresee who would take the control. It was
such a combination that had the possession of
the Government for years before the war ; it is
exactly this combination that is struggling for
its possession now. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Iloss] the other day called it the
"Union" party. ''Reunion'' would be better.
We who were on the ground at least know who
controlled it, yea, who domineered it when in
power before, and the same influence would
control it again. Douglas is dead, and he has
left no successor. This mongrel northern party
which is yet to receive its name, hostile to Con-
gress and yet afraid to take the responsibility
of supporting the President, contains no ele-
ment of resistance capable to withstand the
sway of the old southern masters. Restored
once more to their former ascendency the
country would be as completely subjected to
rebel rule as if Grant had surrendered to Lee
and the Richmond officials had been installed
in this capital.
And what then? Few of us have forgotten
when, last year, Congress, as a condition of
settlement, offered to the defeated rebels of
the South an amendment to the Constitution
so moderate and reasonable as to seem almost
a concession of the chief points in contro-
versy, how disdainfully, spitefully, and contu-
meliously it was rejected, spurned, spit upon
by their State Legislatures. Their ''honor"
would not allow them, they arrogantly said, to
ratify a measure disqualifying from office their
trusted and honored leaders. Suppose these
same men, with their retinue of confederates
and their copperhead, anti-war, anti-draft,
anti-tax, negro-nating allies of the North, once
had the control of the national Government,
think you that the same '"honor" would tax
its supporters and friends to pay the public
debt contracted for their own subjugation, or
to pension the maimed and disabled soldiers,
or the widows of soldiers fallen in the same
cause? Think you, again, that "honor" would
not require its enemy, the hated Yankee,
loaded with every opprobrious and odious epi-
thet, to be burdened lor the payment of another
debt contracted in the sacred cause of south-
ern independence; for the payment and pen-
sioning of another army of soldiers, and their
widows and children, for service under the
very men advanced to power? Would not '
'•honor'' demand uncounted millions for
negroes emancipated and for damages sus-
tained from the soldiers of the Republic, 1
assessed on rebel estimates and established by
rebel proof? I
The revenue and resources of the country '
would be treated precisely as if they had been
seized by the bayonets of the conqueror. Hu-
manity and religion would interpose to rescue
the black race from the destructive effects of
emancipation, and mercifully remand it back
into slavery. A reading of the Constitution '
would prevail declaring every act of the Gov- '
ernment since 1801, while ten States were un-
represented, to be unauthorized and illegal,
and therefore void. The reaction would not
stop here. Grant and Sherman and Thomas
and Sheridan would be made to give place to
Lee and Johnson and Bragg and Kirby Smith;
and Farragut and Porter and Goldsborough to
Semmes and Hollins and Buchanan, and the
Army would be filled with recruits from the
confederate service. In short, the southern
confederacy would be inaugurated, with its
capital at Washington, and its power coexten-
sive with the limits of the United States. I
say these things would be, because the tone of
the rebel sentiment, wherever it finds expres-
sion, indicates unmistakably that it lacks only
40tii Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 11.
the opportunity and the power to do all this,
and a great deal more. So believing, the men
who ordained the restored government of Ten-
nessee did not esteem it wise or safe to confer
either the power or the opportunity.
But how long, I am asked, is this disqualifi-
cation to last? Longer, much longer, 1 fear,
than any of us could desire. Individual ex-
ceptions there are worthy of the largest and
most generous confidence. Let us hasten to
extend it to them. Unhappily they are only
exceptions. If I read and hear and see aright,
the vast majority of those engaged in the rebel-
lion are to-day as hostile to the Government
and its friends as in the bitterest moment of
the strife. Time does not assuage their anger,
and forbearance is construed into timidity.
Historical examples do not encourage us to
hope for great improvement during this gen-
eration. How long before the Jacobites became
reconciled to the house of Hanover, or the old
noblesse to the Napoleonic dynasty ? It is not
in the nature of things that passions such as
were engendered during the four years' war
should easily or at once subside. They will
not. Hence they must he held in check and
restrained until time, which medicines all
public maladies, shall have wrought out a cure.
It will require but a few beats of the pendulum
which marks the reckoning of our national life.
Meanwhile let such a policy be pursued that no
one shall find advantage in keeping alive the
memories and sentiments of the rebellion or in
boasting of the part he bore.
Before taking my seat I beg to be heard
briefly in behalf of my assailed colleagues;
one from the eastern, and four from the mid-
dle portions of the State. In the outset, and
generally, I remark that both before and dur-
ing the war all of them were publicly known
and regarded as friends of the Government
and enemies of the rebellion. No man's light
was hidden under a bushel in those days. His
record was known and read of all men. Often it
became necessary to avoid overt acts, that could
be produced in evidence by enemies; sometimes
to simulate overt acts that could be appealed
to in disproof by friends. In short, to do
! nothing, and to avoid everything which, in the
phrase of that time, could be "taken hold of."
, It was a desperate game that they played, the
pursuers and the pursued, and the stakes were
liberty and life. It is the grossest injustice at
this day to array these expedients of strategy
and finesse and insist upon giving them a lit-
eral interpretation. As I have not been sub-
jected to personal assault I can speak more
freely in behalf of my injured friends.
The case of my colleague from the first dis-
trict, (Mr. Butler,) not yet admitted to his
seat, is before the Committee of Elections,
and delicacy forbids that I should seem to fore-
stall their investigation. I will await their
report. The charges against the Representa-
tives from the fourth [Mr. Mui.i.in's] and the
fifth [Mr. Trimble] were indignantly denied
by them upon the spot. The Representative
from the sixth district [Mr. Arneul] was n<5t
present to hear the charge made against him,
but denied it with equal emphasis after having
taken his seat. No proof, I undertake to say,
will ever substantiate these accusations. They
are simply untrue.
My long-time friend and associate from the
third district [Mr. Stokes] has been singled
out, both in the House and out of it, and on
more occasions than one has been the subject
of unkind remark. The matter laid to his
charge is a private letter, written in confidence
in the spring of 1861, to a personal friend,
then and ever since a loyal Union man. It
is not alleged that ever he committed a dis-
loyal act, or uttered a disloyal or even doubtful
word to his most intimate friend. On the
other hand it is matter of notoriety that all
his acts and utterances, both in public and
private, were unequivocal and clear in their
loyalty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] permit me to inter-
rupt him at this point ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer not to yield
now; I have nearly concluded my remnrks.
ill*. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman to allow to be read a letter from Mr.
A. E. Gariett, of his Statu, in reference to the
individual of whom he is now speaking.
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
I care not to inquire whether the let ter of Col-
onel Stokes was written in a moment of de-
spondency that sometimes overtook the stoutest
hearts, or of anger, enkindled by some of the
falsehoods with which the very atmosphere
was loaded, or by what means the rebels got
hold of it and published it to the world. Their
object is plain enough. It was the same which
now moves them, here and elsewhere, to drag
it out for the arraignment of the writer and
those united with him in political action ; the
same which assails every good and great cause
through the infirmity of its chief advocates.
Nobody was misled by the letter, or put in
doubt. Had it been a whispered word, buried
deep in the earth, it could not have signified
less. It did not stop its author for an hour in
his denunciations of the rebellion, and, when
denunciation failed, in rushing to arms for its
suppression. The debate here the oilier day
has called forth a letter which I will read in
illustration of these views:
State of Tennessee,
House op Representatives,
NasuVILLB, November ~j, 1867.
My dear Sir : That no injustice may ba done you,
i inclose a letter you wrote me January 7, 1861,
which discloses the patriotic emotions of your heart
at that early day. "Hold on to the old ship, the stars
and stripes; never, no, never give it up; but let us
rally under the old flag, and if need be let us die
with it." Noble sentiments, utterod to a friend in
full sympathy with them. * * * *
Very truly, yours. W. BOSSON.
Hon. W. B. Stokes.
The communication referred to by Mr. Bos-
son was written from this capital under the
murky skies of January, 18G1. Aside from
the present inquiry it assumes additional inter-
est as indicative of our feeliugs and opinions
during that anxious period. I will therefore
append it to my remarks.
I will now give the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldridge] the reason why I declined
a few moments since to allow to be read a letter
to which he referred. The writer of that letter
is apersonal enemy of Colonel Stokes. I think
it would be doing great injustice to both gentle-
men for me to give way for a communication
such as is likely to come from him to be inter-
polated in my speech.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee does not intend to reflect upon
the character of Mr. Garrett.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have nothing to say,
except what I have already stated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that Mr.
Garrett is a gentleman of integrity and high
character.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have nothing to say
beyond what I have said as the reason why I
declined to yield for the purpose the gentleman
from Wisconsin desired. I do not mean to be
drawn into an outside discussion.
Such is the government of Tennessee and such
the principles and the men belonging to it and
sustaining it. I have instituted no compari-
sons. I have pointed to no contrasts. How-
ever inviting the field of retort, I have not been
tempted to enter it. It is of little profit to
meet accusation with counter-accusation. They
whom we represent ask no such defense at our
hands. They have labored for nearly seven
years to disenthrall their State from the usurp-
ations of her rebel officials and to restore her
once more to her allegiance. She was the
second in population and wealth, in geograph-
ical position and for military strategy the first
of the States involved in the rebellion. She
was the first to shake off the manacles of
treason and to nestle again under the folds of
the old flag. In the great work of emancipa-
tion which has not only wrought out the deliv-
erance of our own bondmen but has redeemed
the Mexican peon and the Russian serf, and
