1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2561
ABSENT—Messrs. Bavard, Buck a low, Cameron,
Cattell, Conness. Davis, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds,
EVelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendrieks, How-
ard. Johnson, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire. Saulsbu'ry, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Yickers, Williams, and Yates—25.
So the joint resolution was passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (EL R. No. 1117) to supply partial
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending on the 30th June,
1808, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State, with accompanying
documents, in relation to recent events in the
empire of Japan; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
report on mineral resources.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting the report of J.
Ross Browne on the mineral resources of the
States and Territories west of the Rocky
mountains.
Mr. STEWART. We shall probably desire
to print some extra numbers of that report.
Mr. COLE. I was guing to oifer a resolu-
tion on th^t subject. With the permission of
the Senator, I offer the following resolution :
l{p8ofap.d, That fifteen thousand copies of the report
of J. lloss Browne, on the imneral resources of the
States and Territories west of the Rocky mountains,
be printed tor the use of the Senate.
I suppose the resolution goes to the Com-
mittee un Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes to
the Committee on Printing under the rule.
Mr. RAMSE5T. Then 1 hope that the reso-
lution I offered the other day may also go to
the Committee on Printing for publication
along with that report, to be bound in the same
volume, of James W. Taylor's report on the
gold regions east of the Rocky mountains.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is that
resolution on the table?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir. I move it anew.
It was referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining at the instance of the Senator from
California [Mr. Conness] the other day. It
will be lost there. 1 move that the same num-
ber of copies of the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, inclosing the report of James
W. Taylor upon gold and silver mines and
mining east of the Rocky mountains, be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire if the
report of Mr. Taylor has been published by the
other House?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is there, I think.
Mr. COLE. The report of Mr. Browne, I
understand, has been published, and has been
stereotyped, and the only expense will be the
paper and press work.
Mr. RAMSEY'. I understand that Mr. Tay-
lor's report has been published by the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Both ought to be pub-
lished.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to both
going to (he committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then you accept that as a
modification of your resolution ?
Mr. COLE. Let it go as a separate resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the resolution of the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, also, to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. CONKLING. It must be referred by
law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes to
the Committee on Printing, as a matter of
course.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 25, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of Maine.
colored troops.
Mr. PHELPS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1105) for the reorganization of the United
States colored troops, their instruction and
colonization ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
bark caklota.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R: No.
1100) to authorize the registration of the bark
Carlota as an American vessel; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
jacob atleb.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1107) for the relief of Jacob Atlee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
construction of pension laws.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1108). to construe an act entitled '• An act sup-
plementary to several acts relating to pen-
sions," approved June 6,1866; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
charles may, of wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No 110U) for the relief of Charles May, of
Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
creek indians.
Mr. WIND0M introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1110) to carry out certain treaty stipulations
with the Creek tribe of Indians; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
mrs. christina dickey.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1111) granting a pension to Mrs. Christina
Dickey; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
washington benevolent life association.
Mr. KOONTZ also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1112) to incorporate the Washington Be-
nevolent Life Association ; which was read a i
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
post route in california.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1113) to establish a post route in the State of
California; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
new mexico.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1114) to provide for annexing certain territory
to the Territory of New Mexico; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
SAMUEL HYER, Of MISSOURI.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1115) for the relief of Samuel Hyer. of Rolla,
Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
nationalization of steamships.
Mr. PILE also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1116) authorizing the nationalization of cer-
tain steamships; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee oft
Commerce.
COMMERCIAL COMMISSIONER.
Mr. PILE also introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 2(4) authorizing the appointmeut
of a commercial commissioner; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
"THIS IS A WHITE MAN'S GOVERNMENT."
Mr. CHANLER. I introduce the following
preamble and resolutions declaring that this is
a white man's Government, and that the right
of suffrage absolutely and exclusively belongs
to the white race :
Whereas it is the sacred duty of every peoplo to
preserve its posterity free from evil influences, bad
government, and demoralization, by a wise foresight
and a firm maintenance of established principles of
truth, justice, ancl liberty; and whereas, from motives
of self-preservation during thelatecivilwar between
the States of this Union, it became the policy of the
Administration to array the black race against the
white by putting arms in the hands of the slaves and
by promising them freedom and the right to vote:
Therefore,
ltesolv'id. That now we deem it the duty of Con-
gress to declare: that the original, absolute, and
exclusive dominion in and over these United States
and the Tern tones thereof is lodged in and of right
belongs to the people in the respective States of this
Union,andisderivcdbydescent from their European
ancestors, the original discoverers of this continent,
by subsequentconquest, by lung-established law, and
by the customs of a liberal civilization.
Resolved, That all inhabitants of any State or Ter-
ritory of the United btates, other than the people
afoiesaid, who may now or hereafter exercise the
right ot suffrage, do so on sufferance under the fran-
chise granted by the white race, who may lawfully
hereafter, for good cause shown, at any time revoke
the privileg-e or privileges so granted to the mixed
races of African or Asiatic descent.
ltexolved, That the Committee of Elections be, and
hereby is, authorized to bring in a bill embodying the
principle that this is a white man's Government, as
established by the Constitution, and limiting the
right ot representation to the white race.
Mr. UPSON. I object; that is a House
resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. I introduce it as a joint
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The last resolution is not
a joint resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the last reso-
lution.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 275) was
read a iirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The call of the States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions having been con-
cluded,
The SPEAKER next proceeded to call the
States and Territories in their inverse order
for resolutions, commencing with the State of
Pennsylvania, where the call was arrested at
the expiration of the morning hour on the 18th
of May.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. RANDALL submitted the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Mcsohcd, That the Comptroller of the Currency be
requested to inrnish to this House a. statement of
the amount ot dividends declared by the national
banking associations since their oiganization under
the present national banking act; the amount cred-
ited to the real estate account distincttrom the capital
expended therelor; the amount credited to the sur-
plus account; the amount of their undivided profits
and all losses, each respectively per annum. If such
inioimation be not m his possession, he is further
directed to take prompt measures to procure and
transmit the same to this House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered $ and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
MILITARY TlilALS, ETC.
Mr. SITGKEAVES. I offer the following
preamble and resolution, upon which I demand
the previous question:
"Whereas by an act of Congress, approved March2V
18GT, it was enacted, "That ail acts, proclamations,
and orders of the President of the United states,
or acts done by his authority or approval, atter
the 4th ot March, A. I). 1801, and before the 1st day
ot July, A. D. 18(36, respecting martial law, military
trials by court-martial or ^ditary commissior^
or tiic arrest, imprisonment,, and trial of P ...
charged with participation m the lat . «
against the United States,as aiders or abettors fcbereoJ,
was o-uiitv of any disloyal practices in aid thereoi, or
I of a5"vi IatiS. of the laws or us'^of war. or of
