1868.
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this floor believe, that his motive was to secure
by such action as would at once result in a ju-
dicial examination and decision by the highest
court in the country as to the constitutionality
of the act under which Mr. Stanton assumes
to hold and discharge the duties pertaining to
the office of the Secretary of War. I do not
blame the President for even attempting at
this late day to get rid of Edwin M. Stanton
as Secretary of War; but I do blame him that,
when no cobwebs assumed to bind his hands
and prevented his action, he rested ignomin-
iously with Edwin M. Stanton in his Cabinet.
He ought to have removed him when liis
power was unquestioned and unchallenged by
any man. He would have met then with the
plaudits and acclamation of the "people. But,
sir, this man Stanton stands to-day a disgraced
man according to the opinion of the Senate of
the United States expressed in advance. It
has there and then declared unanimously that
any Cabinet officer holding a portfolio who
was obnoxious to the Chief Magistrate, and
was requested to resign and yet insisted on
holding on to his portfolio, would be acting in
violation of decency and would be lacking in
self-respect. When a Cabinet officer of Mr.
Lincoln became obnoxious to some of his own
party and they requested his removal he re-
signed on the first intimation that his resigna-
tion would be acceptable to the President; he
resigned his portfolio into the hands of the
President.
And when finally the moment came, and
Mr. Lincoln intimated to him that his resig-
nation would be acceptable, he immediately
surrendered his portfolio and placed his posi-
tion subject to the decision of the President
of the ijnited States. Had Mr. Stanton been
as manly, as patriotic, had he possessed as much
self-respect, had he had as much regard for
the dignity of his office and the rights of the
people who placed him in power by the election
of the Chief Magistrate, the disgraceful scene
we are called to-day to witness of the arraign-
ment of the Chief Executive of the United
States before the bar of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States would not now be enacting.
But, sir, I remarked a moment ago that the
people of the United States would have sanc-
tioned the removal of Edwin M. Stanton as
Secretary of War much earlier in the adminis-
tration of Mr. Johnson. What may underlie
or support the last specification I cannot
imagine, as no proof whatever has been re-
ported as yet, or laid before this side of the
House at all events. Whether it be in posses-
sion of the other side I know not, but so far as
the pending specifications under the general
articles of impeachment are concerned, I may
sum them all up in one, and that one charge
against the President of the United States is
that he has assumed to do that which every
President of the United States heretofore has
done: that he has assumed to act as President
in fact as well as in name ; that he has chosen
not to surrender the dignity of his^ position or
his constitutional rights to the caprice or dicta-
tion of the so-called Secretary of W ar, who hi m-
self—I was going to say something bitter which
I will withhold, for I recollcct the history of
the. past administration of that same Secre-
tary of War, and his power to-day admonishes
me that it may not be entirely safe to say what
one feels with reference to him, while the
same forts and bastiles are to-day in the land
which received so many at his bidding in the
early days of his connection with the Cabinet.
But, sir, all that I design to do in the limited
time assigned to me is, to say that I protest; as
a representative of the people of my district,
and in the name of my State I protest, not-
withstanding the presentation by my colleague
[Mr. Ingersoll] of the message of, I believe,
a drunken Governor of Illinois, offering so
many men, and tending in its tone to inflame
the public mind and create a greater degree of
excitement than that which even uow exists.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to call my col-
league to order. I desire to know whether it
is in order in addressing this House to chaige
the Executive of the State of Illinois with being
a drunken Governor. If it is I repel the charge
and deny it.
Mr. N1BLACK, (in low tone of voice.) I
thought that drunkenness was the normal con-
dition of Governors of Illinois of late years.
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. When such a charge is
made against the Governor of my State 1 am
bound to raise my voice in his defense when
the charge is not true.
Mr. BURR. By the ruling of the Chair the
other day any language applied to a person
who is not a member of this House is in order;
and, thank God, the Governor of Illinois is not
a member of this body, and I trust he never
will be, either of this or the other coordinate
branch of Congress.
Mr. INGEIiSOLL. I think it well for the
gentleman that he is not here. [Cries of
"Order."]
Mr. BURR. The gentleman can have his
say when the time comes. I refer to the fact
that the Governor of Illinois attempts to in-
flame the public mind and add to the excite-
ment, which is already at an unwarranted pitch,
by sending to this House a telegram not re-
sponded to by the people of the State of Illi-
nois, and not in any respect representing their
voice in theperilous situation we find ourselves
placed in to-day. I accept the suggestion of
my friend near me, [Mr. Eldridge,] who says
that no sober man would send such a message,
and I assume, therefore, that he was not sober
when he sent that dispatch. I appeal from
Oglesby drunk to Oglesby sober. But '' whom
the gods intend to destroy they first make
mad." Go on with your project of impeach-
ment. Pass your articles here by a party vote,
under whip and spur; carry them to the bar
of the Senate ; sustain them there by a party
vote, and the time will come when reflection
will secure your condemnation by the Amer-
ican people.
If a continuing revolution shall prevent the
people from arresting your course and passing
judgment on your deeds done in office, there
is a still higher power than even the people,
which will ultimately pronounce judgment
against you for the "deeds done in the body."
And from that judgment there will be no
appeal.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to say here,
in reply to the remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
BmiR,] and in defense of one of nature's no-
blemen, Richard J. Oglesby, Governor of Illi-
nois, that no better, more patriotic, or upright
man exists. He is a sober, patriotic, high-
minded, and honorable man, whom the people
of Illinois indorsed by nearly sixty thousand
majority against his Democratic competitor in
the last gubernatorial contest, and I remind my
colleague that when he slanders Richard J.
Oglesby, as he has done here, he is slandering
a man who to-day carries in his body a Minie
ball fired from a rebel musket at the battle of
Corinth, and onewlio has periled his life forthe
defense of the Republic. Has it come to this,
that one of the Representatives from Illinois
shall denounce him here as a "drunken Govern-
or," when it is notorious thathe is a man of so-
briety, and one who, with his braveand patriotic
heart, is always ready at the call of his coun-
try to march under its flag for its defense, even
into the face of death, while the Knights of
the Golden Circle would assail him and strike
him down.
Mr. BURR. If my colleague intends to
say that I am, or ever have been, a Knight of
the Golden Circle, he falsifies. I hope the
gentleman understands me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand him; and
I have made no insinuations against the gen-
tleman as regards the Knights of the Golden
Circle. I do not know that he ever belonged
to them. It would not palliate or aggravate
the slander my colleague has uttered against
our honored Governor whether he was or was
not a member of that order. My own opinion
is that many of the Democratic party, with
whom my colleague acted during the war, and
whose representative he now is, did belong to
that organization, and they did threaten "a
fire in the rear" against Governor Oglesby
when he was one of the honored soldiers from
that State.
Mr. COOK. I would ask my colleague
whether it is not true that all the Knights of
the Golden Circle in our State voted with the
gentleman against Governor Oglesby when he
was a candidate ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no doubt that is
true; I never heard anything to the contrary.
My colleague can answer the question for him-
self.
Mr. BURR. I did not understand the ques-
tion if it was intended for me.
Mr. COOK. The question was whether all
the Knights of the Golden Circle did not vote
with you against Governor Oglesby?
Mr. BURR. My colleague may be better
acquainted with both the organization known
as Knights of the Golden Circle and with the
individuals composing that order in Illinois
than I am. I do not know them either as a
mass or as individuals. I suppose, however,
as a general thing, they voted in an opposite
direction from that other secret political society
known as the "Loyal League," whose work
has been mischief all the time. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Chairman, it seems,
according to the logic here, that Andrew John-
son is innocent, in spite of violations of sureties
and pledges year after year, and the gallant
and patriotic Richard J. Oglesby, of Illinois,
is guilty without a hearing. This controversy
in which we are now engaged is nothing new.
It is but a continuance of the contest which
began long ago, and which, before God, I say
here, I believe must go on until the enemies
of this country, the Knights of the Golden
Circle, the secessionists, the rebels, the rebel
: bondholders, the rebel emissaries, the creditors
of the rebel governments, and every interest
and element that fomented and fulminated this
rebellion shall have succeeded in prostrating
this country in its spirit, in its credit, in its
power, in its union, in its integrity—until
the elements which wrought out this gigantic
treason into open war shall have at last
triumphed and stamped their vengeance against
the loyal spirit of the great Republic; or, on the
other hand, until the loyal people shall have
so met and vanquished the legions of secession,
and shall have so completely entrenched them-
selves in every quarter and section of this land,
that all class and local interests of every de-
scription shall bow to the sublime dominion
of this Republic.
This act of Andrew Johnson is but one of
the many offenses which he has never omitted
an opportunity to commit since he put him-
self at the head of what was left of the rebel-
lion. At last this Congress seems to have
waked up to the demands of the nation. Prom
the time that the President took upon himself
the disposing power of the nation and set
about building up State governments and or-
daining constitutions at pleasure—from the
day he met this Congress with a message de-
claring that he had reconstructed the rebel
States and set up governments therein and
brought them back into the Union, and that
all which remained for Congress to do was but
to act as a Committee of Elections to examine
election returns—from that day to this the
majority in this House has stood between An-
drew Johnson and the just anger of a loyal
people. Sir, I am glad that at last one overt,
unmistakable act of his has been found about
which no man can doubt who pretends to be
in unison with that great loyal party which has
saved the Government; against which no man
can level the artillery of his legal ratiocination,
as has been heretofore done by men of all par-
ties in this House. All must now admit that
the time has come when it must be acknowl-
edged that Andrew Johnson has endeavored
to act the part' of an autocrat in this country,
and to carryforward this Government in. the
interest of the public enemies ; and that it is
high time that the Congress of the United
