1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBB.
45
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
vided with homes, where they will soon become
self-sustaining, as they have already adopted
the habits of civilized life and become familiar
with agricultural pursuits. They will then
require from us little beyond protection against
the intrusion of the whites, and the faithful
performance of our stipulations.
A consideration of the proper policy to be
pursued in respect to the wild tribes presents
more difficult questions. As long as they cling
to their nomadic habits and subsist by hunt-
ing and fishing, encroachment upon their hunt-
ing grounds—and it does not seem possibleto
prevent it—wiil necessarily lead to hostilities
and a devastation of the frontier settlements.
The tribes within our borders are capable of
civilization. The past furnishes gratifying evi-
dence that well-directed and persistent efforts
to that end will be rewarded with success. It
is, however, a work of time. The arts of civili-
zation but slowly displaced the primitive tastes
and habits of our own race. It must be so with
the Indian; lie cannot immediately be trans-
formed from the hunter to the farmer or me-
chanic. There are intermediate states thiough
which he has to pass. ITe should be gradually
won from the chase to a pastoral life, and under
its influences he will ultimately acquire a taste
for agricultural pursuits. The first step in the
process of improvement is to localize the In-
dians. The same district should not be appro-
priated to the savage and the civilized, nor
should tribes between whom hereditary feuds
exist be brought together, as it would be fol-
lowed by disastrous results. No objection is
perceived lo placing the civilized upon contig-
uous tracts; on the contrary, it is expedient to
do so, and, as soon as their conscnt can be
obtained, to subject them to the same system
of government and laws. But such a policy is
wholly inapplicable to the wild tribes; they
require, in proportion to their numbers, much
more territory, and can only be governed and
controlled, and. trained to habits of industry on
separate and widely distant reservations, se-
lected in view of their adaptation to grazing as
well as tillage, and amply stocked by the Gov-
ernment with large numbers of cattle, sheep,
and goats. The Indian will discover that a
herdsman's life affords a better and surer sub-
sistence than a precarious dependence upon the
chase. A desire for the acquisition of individ-
ual property will soon spring up, and should
be gratified by appropriating to each adult a
limited quantity of land for his exclusive use.
A title thereto should be assured to him, and
farming utensils furnished. He will then learn
to cultivate the soil. The mechanic arts will
follow. The schoolmaster, and above all the
missionary, with the blessings and hopes of
religion, will crown and perpetuate the work.
The unoccupied country west of the Mis-
souri is of such vast extent that large regions,
if properly selected, at points remote from the
great lines of travel, may be reserved without
detriment to any public interest. Long before
the iide of emigration will reach them they
can, by an equitable arrangement with the In-
dians, be reduced to the dimensions required
by the actual wants of an agricultural popula-
tion.
The selection of suitable sites, and the re-
moval of the Indians to them, cannot be ac-
complished in the short time allotted to the
commissioners appointed by the act of Con-
gress of July last. Two commissions, each
consisting of not less than three persons,
should be appointed, and adequate means
placed at the disposal of the Secretary of the
Interior for the efficient completion of the
work. No consideration of the time or ex-
penditure likely to be required should be suf-
fered to defeat an object of such surpassing
importance. A guarantee against the useless
consumption of time or money should be found
in the character of the persons selected. The
cost will be very inconsiderable compared with
that of a war. Had a tithe of our outlay in
military operations against the Indians during
the present year been honestly and judiciously
applied to purposes of peace, the necessity of
a resort to force would have been avoided. It
is more humane and economical to subsist
Indians than to fight them. A wise and just
policy will soon relieve us from either neces-
sity.
The salaries of the superintendents of Indian
affairs and Indian agents are inadequate. In-
creased compensation would enable the Depart-
ment to secure the services of men of undoubted
capacity and integrity, and tend to remove the
temptation to commit those frauds, which, be-
fore and since the transfer of thelndian Bureau
to this Department, were and still are imputed
to officers performing duties and sustaining
relations to the Indians such as devolve upon
this class of public servants. I take pleasure,
however, in bearing testimony to the ability
and fidelity of many now in the Indian service.
Some of those of the greatest merit have an-
nounced their intention to resign on account
of the insufficiency of their pay. Loss to the
Government and serious wrong to the Indians
would be prevented by an appropriation for
the employment of special agents, to investi-
gate and correct, at remote posts, frauds and
abuses, which cannot be properly dealt with by
the instrumentalities now subjcct to the order
of the Department.
'The necessities of the service require that
a superintendent should be immediately ap-
pointed for each of the Territories of Colorado,
Idaho, Montana, and Dakota.
During the year ending September 30, 1807,
there were 16,547 applications for patents;
11,055 patents (including reissues and designs)
were issued; 1,224 applications were allowed,
but patents were not issued thereon, by reason
of the non-payment of the final fees ; 13,480
caveats were filed: 90 applications for exten-
sion were received, and 82 extensions of pat-
ents were granted.
During the same period the receipts were
$011,910 01, and the expenditures §553,599 98,
leaving a balance of $58,310 03, which, added
to $228,297 20, the balance on hand Septem-
ber 30, 1800, makes the amount now in the
Treasury to the credit of the patent fund
$286,607 89.
In my last annual report I advised a repeal
of the law conferring upon a party the right of
appeal from the Commissioner of Patents to
one of the judges of the supreme court of this
District. Subsequent reflection has confirmed
my conviction of the soundness oftlie views then
presented. In no other instance is an appel-
late power given to a judge to affirm or reverse
the action of an executive officer. This excep-
tional proceeding is essentially different from
an action instituted in a court of original juris
diction for a mandamus against an officer to
enforce the performance of a specific duty, or
from that wherein an injunction is sought to
restrain him from the commission of an act
which would work irreparable injury to rights
of property. Neither does it bear any analogy,
even the most remote, to a suit in which either
party thereto asserts a right or resists a claim
resting upon an adjudication to which the
other party was a stranger, and which was ren-
dered by an executive officer, or a special
tribunal, authorized to deal only between one
party and the Government. The court having
cognizance of the suit may review such adju-
dication and correct errors of law or fact to
the prejudice of either party. This doeliine
has been announced by the Supreme Court in
suits where the title to laud was in issue and
where a party relied upon the decision of the
General Land Office awarding a right of pre-
emption or vacating an entry. It has also
been applied in cases involving a claim to
priority of invention, as an inquiry is not pre-
cluded by a patent in any court in which its
validity is brought in question. a judicial
determination of conflicting rights is final and
conclusive on the parties and those subse-
quently claiming under them. The decision of
the judge on appeal awarding a patent, even
in interference eases, has not this, nor indeed
any greater force or effect than that of the
Patent Bureau, and may be reviewed in the
same manner when a proper case arises. I
respectfully submit that an appellate authority
over an executive officer should not be de-
volved upon a judge, especially where his
decision upon the questions in controversy has
not the properties or binding efficacy of a
judgment at law, ora degree in equity. Delays
are occasioned and expenses incurred by this
objectionable and anomalous practice without
any compensating benefit to the inventor or
the public.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company at the
date of my last annual report had constructed
its road to a point twenty-three miles west of
the one hundredth meridian of longitude, being
270 miles west from the initial point near
Omaha. Since then you have accepted 220
miles, and the Government commissioners are
now engaged in examining another completed
section of twenty miles.
The point where the railroad crosses Crow
creek at Cheyenne, 517 miles west of the initial
point, was represented by the company to be
at the eastern base of the Rocky mountains,
and they requested that it should be so "fixed "
for the purposes mentioned in the eleventh sec-
tion of the act of 1802, which confers a, subsidy
of §48,000 per mile for a distance of 150 miles
westerly from such base.
You determined t.o defer final action until
after a thorough personal inspection of the
locality and the contiguous country should
have been made by an experienced civil engi-
neer. Mr. JacobBlickensdeifer, jr.,was selected
for that purpose and instructed to set forth in
his report all the facts elicited by such inspec-
tion, and to accompany it with a map of the
region and a profile of the proposed line of
road. After accepting the appointment, he
proceeded as far west as Dodge's summit,
stated to be the crest of the water shed of the
continent, about thirty miles northwest of
Bridger's pass, and examined thegeneral form-
ation of the ranges known as the liocky mount-
ains. South of Long's peak these mountains
consist of one single compact range, attaining
a great elevation, while north thereof they form
three distinct ranges. One of these, the Black
hills, tends nearly north to Laramie peak,
where it divides into two branches. The sec-
ond, the Medicine Bow range, divides the
waters of the Laramie from those of the north
fork of the Platte, and bears north-northwest
to Elk mountain, near Port Halleck, where it
also divides into two branches, termed the Rat-
tlesnake hills. The third, taking a direction
nearly northwest to Bridger's pass, Dodge's
summit, and South pass, divides the waters
which flow into the Atlantic from those which
flow into the Pacific.
From the point of divergence near Long's
peak these ranges rapidly decline in elevation
to the northward, while the intervening country
approximates in altitude to that of the mount-
ains themselves. The passes ot the Black
hills, although much lower than those south
of Long's peak, within the drainage of the
Platte, are nevertheless considerably higher
than those of the Medicine Bowr range or of the
water shed of the continent between Bridger's
pass and South pass. The approaches to the
Black hills, especially from the east, are abrupt
and the crest is comparatively sharp, and
marked by bold, rocky elevations, which form
distinguishing landmarks visible at a great dis-
tance. The ascent to the crest of the water
shed is so gentle as to be scarcely perceptible,
and the crest itself is a wide open plain, free
from rocks or bold elevations, and its incli-
nations for miles of extent can be determined
only by the aid of instruments.
The located line of road crosses the three
