1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
States shall do its duty under the Constitution.
The gentleman on the other side [Mr. Boer]
protests in the name of the State of Illinois.
Sir, who gave him the right to protest in the
name of that great and noble State? That
authority was not given to him by the majority
of sixty_ thousand over the class he represents
upon this floor.
Mr. KOSS. Will my colleague [Mr. Bkom-
well] tell me how large a majority his party
had in Illinois last fall?
Mr. BROMWELL. Not so large by sev-
enty-five thousand as we will have next fall,
let me assure the gentleman. Our proposed
action here is stigmatized as illegal, unconsti-
tutional, and revolutionary. Why? Is there
any law or any provisiou of the Constitution
against offering a resolution for impeachment,
or against voting for such a resolution after
it has been offered ? What is there about this
proceeding which can be called illegal or revo-
lutionary ? By the Constitution provision is
made not only for a Supreme Court and other
inferior tribunals, but also for a court which,
when constituted, shall be the highest legal tri-
bunal possible in this country. That court is
composed of judges from every State, who
have so far the public confidence as to have
been elected by the people t.o the high position
of Senators of the United States. And being
sworn in as such a court as I have described,
with the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States at their head, they sit as the
highest court to try the most important issues
which can be raised in this country.
Yet the gentlemen upon the other side, who
claim to be the worshipers of courts, are not
willing that this House shall refer to the high-
est court in the land the charges which the
whole loyal people of the country prefer against
Andrew Johnson. This worship of courts, this
worship of the one-man power at the White
House, has become with the Democratic party
almost a fetish worship—a superstition as un-
manly and degrading as that of the benighted
Africans they so much despise. According to
them, this Congress has no right of judgment,
110 right of opinion, no authority under the law,
in controlling the affairs of this Government.
According to them, one man, and he not chosen
to the office he now holds with so little credit
to himself and the country, is an oracle; and
when he has uttered his ipse dixit that any law
is unconstitutional the chosen Representatives
of the people must abandon their rights under
the Constitution, must cast away the power
placed in their hands for the protection of the
people they represent, and bow down to the
golden image which he may choose to set up
the moment he gives the word of command,
and approve all the presumptions he asserts,
upon an assumed enunciation of an opinion
of the Supreme Court, which never yet has had
a case of the sort before it, and never may.
How utterly absurd would be this shameless
self-abnegation of Congress, if carried out
according to the ideas of the gentlemen on the
other side.
And what is this claim which is to be en-
forced here? The law-making power, which
rises transcendently above all the other
branches and departments of the Government,
is to cast away its own judgment and throw
away the people's rights which it is bound to
protect, with no power to express an opinion
in the public councils of the land, or to attempt
to enforce the laws according to its own un-
derstanding and interpretation of the law. It is
time we had done with such folly.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN, [Mr. Dawes. ] The gen-
tleman will state his point of order.
Mr. SPALDING". It occurs to me that
members ought to address themselves to the
articles of impeachment now before us, and
not indulge in rambling political discussion.
Mr. RANDALL. We have never seen
these articles until a few moments since.
How is it possible to discuss them intelligently?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio will again state his point of order.
Mr. SPALDING. My point is that the
attention of the committee should be addressed
in some way to these articles.
.The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] as
calling the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Brom-
well] to order for not speakingto the point.
The Chair sustains the point of order. The
gentleman from Illinois will proceed in order.
Mr. BROMWELL. What length of time
have I to proceed in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Four minutes.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Chairman, it is
always a good thing to have somebody to
watch the public interests in reference to these
small matters; but for that four minutes more
of our valuable time might have been consumed
in listening to irrelevant remarks. Now, sir,
I will say one thing that is in order. I was
talking in order, as I understand, when I sat
down; for I was speaking of the power of this
House to judge of constitutional questions
coming before it. I was speaking of the fact
that this House represents the people and holds
in its hands their great impeaching power for
the use and benefit of the nation. I spoke of
these things in answer to objections which had
been thrown out here against our right to pro-
ceed with impeachment, as being illegal and
revolutionary.
I will say now, Mr. Chairman, that the high
court of impeachment, sitting inthis Capitol,
will try this vexed question which exercises
so much the minds of these gentlemen, who
are more disturbed over the danger which
threatens Andrew Johnson's term of office, as
it seems to me, than they ever were, during
the war, lest the armies of Jeff. Davis should
take the city of Washington. What is the
power in virtue of which these articles are
prepared? It is the people's power to remove
from office an unworthy servant. The articles
now before us, which have been reported by
our committee, and which I trust will be
adopted by this House without material change,
set forth in specific terms, for the considera-
tion of the Senate, this last act of contumelious-
ness and defiant insubordination which the
Executive of the nation has committed. Al-
though I am not one of those who would hold
that a great many black rabbits can make one
black horse, that a number of separate peca-
dilloes can make one crime, yet 1 do say, it is
right in consideiing this impeachment when
we have found one fact well established show-
ing malfeasance with malice aforethought, to
consider in aggravation of the case the many
malfeasances and usurpations which have
heretofore marked the line of Andrew John-
son's presidential career.
I am not moved by the fine talk of gentle-
men about the voicc of the people. I only
wish that the voice of the people could have
so thundered through these Halls long ago
that their agents and Representatives here
might have been roused to a deed worthy of
the dignity of this body and the terrible
exigency of the Republic. When this trial
shall be concluded, and the people in calm
reflection shall have rendered that deliberate
verdict from which there is no appeal and
of which there is 110 reversal, they will say
that but for this act, this Congress with all its
efforts and noble works failed in being equal
to the occasion which demanded their efforts,
and were not worthy successors of those gal-
lant men who broke the power of kingcraft
on this continent, ninety years ago.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON then addressed the commit-
tee. [See Appendix.]
Mr. RANDALL obtained the floor.
Mr. KERR. I desire, before the gentleman
from Pennsylvania proceeds, to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I will yield for that pur-
pose if it will not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will come out of the
gentleman's time, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. MULLINS. I object.
Mr. KERR. Then I will not ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, the few
minutes allowed me to discuss this all-import-
ant question will enable me to do but partial
justice to the subject. I am unwilling, bow-
ever, that those whom I have the honor to rep-
resent should be silent on so august an occa-
sion, and one so pregnant with so much danger
to our country.
The President of the United States, in the
presence of the people, solemnly obligated him-
self by oath not only that the laws should be
executed, but also that he would "preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution." He
believes that the power of removal, under the
Constitution, is absolute in him, the Senate of
the United States being advisory in appoint-
ments. Under this conviction he removed Mr.'
Stanton as Secretary of War. The exercise
of this power by the President, which, to my
mind, is a plain constitutional prerogative, is
made the pretext for his impeachment. Pro-
ceedings in that direction are taken in hot and
indecent haste, almost without any considera-
tion, certainly without the opportunity for legit-
imate discussion ; and for this mere difference
of opinion as to what is the law, about which
there is a division of judgment even in the
Republican party, he is arraigned as "guilty
of high crimes and misdemeanors," and you
have pledged yourselves to make good these
charges at the bar of the Senate.
The sanctity of official individual oaths is
nothing when they stand itf the way of a reck-
less party object, intent on the removal of an
"obstacle" out of the road that leads to the
consolidation of the powers of two coordinate
branches of the Government into the legislative
branch, and then, perhaps, to an irremediable
despotism.
Surely an adherence to the terms and spirit
of the Constitution—even if in conflict with
a law which Mr. Stanton himself has declared
to be unconstitutional—gives but a slight cause
for this attempted revolutionary act, more es-
pecially when the object sought for was and is
the testing of an enactment almost universally
believed by men of high legal attainments to
be unwarranted by the fundamental law of our
land. The country is thus to be thrown into
confusion, hate is to be rekindled, business
prostrate, the people bankrupt, and, perchance,
blood to be shed under such small provoca-
tion. This is the sum and substance of his
offense, the common sense and the calm judg-
ment of the people are already being heard
in words of unmistakable significance and in
terms of condemnation as against you. Those
even who, under party excitement, entered into
this dark valley of legislative usurpation begin
to reflect upon the step they took, not soberly
or thoughtfully, but rashly and hastily, and
would now, if they could, retrace their path
of wrong.
The history of the last few days proves beyond
dispute that Mr. Stanton and those who sustain
him here fear the result of a judicial examina-
tion ; in fact, he again practically affirms that
the opinion be heretofore gave as to the uncon-
stitutionality of the civil-tenure act is, after
mature reflection on his part, at variance with
the Constitution. Notwithstanding this reaffir-
mation be still claims to exercise the functions
of a Secretary of War under that very uncon-
stitutional enactment. Such are the perplex-
ities of his present position. We have rumors
of his intended resignation to still further pre-
vent a calm and judicial investigation by the
Supreme Court, the highest and the last arbi-
ter of the law in our land. Such resignation
conies too late even for that object. The peo-
j pie would have looked over and palliated the
1 indecencies of his continuance in the piesiden-
tial household had such step been taken when
Generals Sherman and Grant, with many others,
urged him so to act. I say it is now too late.
The supreme authority is to be invoiced, and
their judgment will be final even as against this
House.
You affirm that the President must execute
