1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
w
jamm, Bingham, BoufcweH,i3roomall, 13uckland, But-
ler, Chanior, Cook, Cornell, Covodo, Culiom, Dawes,
i)onneUy, iickiey, Eggleston, Farnsworth, lunney,
lox, b-riswold, Haight, JLUsey, Hawkins, Hill, Mol-
iiiuii, Hooper, iiotctikiss, Asaiiet W. Hubbard, liich-
ardl). Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Judd, Kelloy,
llelsey, Keteham, Kitchen, Lincoln, Logan, May-
nard, ALcUuliou&h, ALilier, Moore, Moorhead. Mor-
leii, ^loirifc^ey, AIuHms, Munqcii, Niblauk, Nichol-
son, Anna, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Price,
liobertson, Robinson, Schenck, Selye, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Smith, gpaldmg, Thaddeus St,evens, Stew-
art, fc'tono, Taylor, Thomas, Tvvichell, Van Acrnam,
Van aukoii, Van Wyok, Oadwalader C. V/a^hburn,
Henry 1). Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
James. F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen li1. Wil-
son, Wood, "Woodbridge, and Woodward—90.
So the preamble and resolution were not
laid on the table.
The question next recurred on referring the
preamble and resolution to the Committee of
Ways aud Means; and being taken, it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 27,
not voting 88j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Beatnan, Benton, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Cake, Churchill, ileader W.
Ciaike, ^Sidney Clarke, Dixon, JBla, Eliot, Ferri&s,
ierry, iieMs, Gartield, Harding, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester i). Hubbard, J onckes, Julian, Kelsey,Laiiin,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mailory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mc-
Cormick, Mercur, Myers, Neweomb, Nunn, O'Neill,
Orih, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Poisley, Pruyn, Ilaum, liobertson, Sawyer, Scotield,
Starkweather, Aaron J?. Stevens, Stokes, Tatfe, Tay-
lor, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Kobert X. Van Horn, Ward, JBlihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, William Williams,
Wmdom, orsd Woodbridge—74.
C;
Go. , .    _    
son, Jone.*, Knott, William Lawrence, Marshall, Mor-
gan, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrence S.
Trimble, and Van Trump—27.
NOT \ OTING—Messrs.Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, Axteii, Bailey, Barnes, Barnum,
Bcatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Broomall, Buck-
hind, Burr, Butler, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Oovode,
Culloiii, Dawes, Hodge, Donnelly, Dnggi, Eckley,
Jbggleston, larnsworth, Fmney, lox, Gnswold,
lLaischt, Hahey, Hawkins, Higby, ilill, Holrnan,
Hotohkibs, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. llub-
bitid. llulburd, Humphrey, Judd, Kelley,* Kerr,
ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln, Logan, McCul-
loch, Miller, Moiue, Moorhead, Mori ell, Morrisscy,
M all ms, Mungeu, Nibiack, Nicholson ,Petors, Phelps,
Pomeioy, Piioe, Robinson, Schenck, Selye, Shanks,
Slx.liabaiger, Smith. Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens,
^jcwdai, Stone, Thomas, Twichell, Van Aernam,
Van Auken, Van Wyck. Oadwalader C. Washburn,
Hcmy D. W^hburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
Ja.me« K. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen P. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodward—S3.
So the preamble and resolution were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIYrL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenokes,] somedays since,
made a report in regard to the civil service
which the Chair supposed was ordered to be
printed, but no memorandum has been made
of such an order. If there is no objection
the report will be ordered to be printed.
No objection being made it was ordered
accordingly.
leaye 01" absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. faunswoiith on account of sickness.
removal of disabilities.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
resolution of the constitutional convention of
Mississippi, asking that political disabilities
may be removed from certain p.ersons therein
named ; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
indian peace commission.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following communication from the Secre-
taiy of the Interior:
department of thtc interior,
Washington, D. C.. Mav 21,1868.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of the House of Representatives of
tbc20th instant, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo.
requested to inform the House what, if any, extra .
compensation, allowances, or emoluments, either as 1
mileage, commutation, or expenses, or in any other
iorm, have been allowed to civil and military officers
who were authorized by the act of Congress ap-
proved July 20,1867, to actas acommission to estab-
lish peace with certain hostile Indian tribes, or to
clerks in their employ who were at the same time
receiving a fixed salary as clerks in any executive
department."
In response to the foregoing resolution I have re-
spectfully to state that the appropriation referred to
was by act of Congress placed under the control of
the commission, and I am informed has been dis-
bursed and accounted for by their bonded agent, G-eu-
eral J. B. Sanborn, to the proper Auditor of the
lreasury without supervision of the Department.
I am, very respecttully, vour obedient servant,
0. II. BROWNING,
Secretary.
lion. Sciiuyler Colf s.x,
Speaker of the House, of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. "WARD, the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
election contest delano vs. morgan.
^ Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a report in the case of
Columbus Delano, contesting the seat of G. W".
Morgan from the thirteenth congressional dis-
trict of Ohio ; which was laid On the table,and
ordered to be printed.
The report concludes with the following res-
olutions :
Revolved > That George W. Morgan is not entitled
to a seat in the Fortieth Congress from the thirteenth
congressional dibtrict of Ohio.
Resolved, That Columbus Delvno is entitled to a
seat in the Fortieth Congress from the thirteenth
congressional district of Ohio.
Mr. KERR. I present a minority report in
the same case, and ask that it be printed with
the report of the majority-.
The report of the minority was also laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I propose to call up the
report soon after it is printed.
sale 01? the stonewall,
Mr. RANKS, I ask unanimous consent to
present for immediate action a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 276) relative to the sale of the war
vessel Stonewall.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It authorizes the President to
hold possession and control of the steam war
vessel Stonewall, according to the laws and
regulations of the naval service, until a time
when in the President's opinion she can be re-
stored to the .Japanese Government without
danger to the interests of the United States;
provided that the expense incurred pursuant
to this resolution shall be paid out of the Jap-
anese treaty fund, to be reimbursed on or after
the redelivery of the vessel to the Government
of Japan.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will allow me, I
will explain in one moment the facts in con-
nection with this case. The Government of
the United States, under the authority of the
Navy Department, sold the steamer Stonewall
to the Japanese Government. It was to be de-
livered here. It has been delivered to that
Government, but is under the command, ut the
request of that Government, of au American
officer with a Japanese crew. After it was de-
livered the rebellion occurred in Japan, both
parties claiming possession of this steamer.
The Americans in Japan believe that if either
party has it in its possession, it being of great
power, it will be used against the American
citizens and American interests in Japan. The
officer having command of it retains possession
of the steamer. Both of the Japanese parties
in the rebellion agree that the American Gov-
ernment shall retain possession of it. Both
parties in Japan are satisfied that for the pres-
ent, or until their difficulties are settled, the
American Government shall retain possession
of it. The State Department has given orders
to that effect, but inasmuch as there is no author-
ity for it under the law they ask that a resolu-
tion may be passed authorizing the Government
to retain for the present possession of this
steamer, the expense of retaining it being paid
out. of the Japanese indemnity fund by the
agreement of all the parties.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it not rather hard on the
Japanese to make them pay for- the retention
of the ship?
Mr. BANKS. They agree to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Both parties?
Mr. BANKS. Yes , sir.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois^ I would
like to know what the Japanese fund is? '
Mr. BANKS. Itis an indemnity fund agreed
by the Japanese Government to be paid to the
American Government for depredations upon '
our commerce. The expense of retaining pos-
session of this vessel until July will he S4.000.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. Is there a
specific proviso that there shall be no expense
to the United States in this matter? . •
Mr. BANKS. There is. Will the Clerte, /
read the last proviso ?
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That expenses incurred piusuantto this
resolution shall be paid out ot the Japanese treaty
fund, to be reimbuised one year after the redelivery
of the vessel to ttie (government ot Japan.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to make a sng
gestion to the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I will iiear it in a moment.
The steamer was sold for $400,000. Three
hundred thousand dollars have already been
paid to the Government, and $100,000 lay
over according to the terms of the treaty.
Mr. PRUYN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that under the circumstances he ought
to embody a brief statement in the resolution
that this action is taken with the assent of the
authorities of Japan ; otherwise it might look
like a high-handed assumption of power on our
part.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think this
resolution ought to be considered a little fur-
ther. If the gentleman from Massachusetts
will give way, I will move to lefer it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, with leave to report
it back at any time. I think a further provision
is needed to provide against any possible ex-
pense being incurred to the United States.
Mr. BANKS. That is peifectly satisfactory
to mo.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, with leave to
report at any time.
Mr. BAN KS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. There is some correspondence
on this subject which I desire to present, and I
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT DEPOSITS ABROAD
Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
RrtuJvcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this uoufo what amount of money
in gold is deposited by tlieTreasury orState Depart-
ment with ha,nkers or brokers, £ivirs the nasne> of
each, in London or elsewhere outside the boundaries
of the United Slates, stating also theamouut ot'sneh
deposits on the iirst day ot each month since the year
1X60, the rate of interest paid then on, if anv,'and
what rate of commission is charged for keeping the
accounts and paying the dratts of the United States
drawn against such deposits, andwhatdi.-portion lias
been made of such interest.
Mr. BLAINE. T surest to the gentlomrai
from Indiana that in calling for that ^hitemfnt
for every month from 1800 it will involve im-
mense labor at the Treasury Department. If
he will only call for it annually or semi-annu-
ally it will answer all thf purpose.
Mr. HUNTKH. 1 will modify the resolu-
tion by inserting semi-annually instead of on
the first of onch month.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
new yoltk post opfjojs-
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, reported back the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city ot New
York on the subject of the New York post
office, and moved that it be recommitted to
the committee, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
