THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B1&
and others to prevent the execution of the
tenure-of-office act, and, in pursuance of-that
conspiracy, unlawfully attempted to prevent
Mr. Stanton from holding his office of Secre-
tary of War, thereby committing a high mis-
demeanor in office.
Article VI. That he conspired with Thomas
to seize by force the public property in the
Department of War, whereof Stanton had cus-
tody, contrary to the conspiracy act of 1861,
and with intent to violate the tenure-of-office
act, whereby he did commit a high crime in
office.
Article VII. That he conspired with Thomas
unlawfully to seize the public property in the
Department of War, in Stanton's custody,
with intent to violate the tenure-of-office act,
whereby he did commit a high misdemeanor
"in office.
The charges in the fourth and sixth articles,
of conspiracy to use intimidation, threats, and
force to prevent Mr. Stanton from holding his
office, and to obtain possession of the public
property in the War Department, contrary to
the conspiracy act of 1861, are not sustained
but disproved by the evidence upon the trial;
and it is, therefore, unnecessary to subject
them to particular examination.
The charges in the fifth atid seventh articles,
of conspiracy to violate and to prevent the
execution of the tenure-of-office act, as well
as those in the fourth and sixth articles, are
founded upon the order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton and the letter of authority to General
Thomas of 21st of February, 1868, and have
no support whatever if those papers were law-
fully issued.
It is difficult to see how the simple issuing
of an official executive order or letter under
a claim of right, and its acceptance or peace-
ful action under it by a subordinate officer, eau
constitute a conspiracy in point of law. The
confederating together—the mutual agreement
or plot between the parties—which is an essen-
tial element of conspiracy, would in such case
seem to be wanting. But, certainly, if the
order and letter of authority were issued to
accomplish a lawful purpose, there is an end
of all the conspiracy articles, and of all the
other articles down to and including the eighth.
The allegations about intimidation, threats, and
force in the fourth and sixth articles being
unproved or disproved, all the first eight arti-
cles rest upon the assertion that Mr. Stanton's
case is within the tenure-of-office act, and his
tenure defined and protected by it. If that
assertion be refuted, all those eight articles,
unsupported, fall into ruin.
THE EMORY ARTICLE.
But few words are necessary upon the ninth
article, which recites the conversation between
the President and General Emory on the 2'2d
February, 1868, in which the President ex-
pressed the opinion that the second section of
the Army appropriation act of March 2, 1807,
which required that all orders and instructions
relating to military operations issued by the
President or Secretary of War should be issued
through the General of the Army, &c., was
unconstitutional. The article charges the
President with an intent to indilce General
Emory to violate said act, and to receive and
obey his orders in contravention thereof, with
the further intent thereby to enable him (tha
President) to prevent the execution of the ;
tenure-of-office act, and to prevent Mr. Stanton j
from holding the office of Secretary of War. j
The testimony, instead of sustaining these i
averments of intent, repels them, and it ex- !
plains in a satisfactory manner how the inter- :
view between the President and General i
Emory was brought about, and how the eon- I
versation concerning the Army appropriation j
act arose. It is not necessary to consider the j
legal sufficiency of this article in form or sub- '
stance as an article of impeachment when its !
material averments are disproved.
THE BCTLER ARTICLE.
The tenth article charges the utterance of
certain public speeches by the President as a
SUPPLEMENT— 33.
high misdemeanor in office. The first was
delivered at the Executive Mansion, in Wash-
ington, on the 18th day of August, 1866; the
second at Cleveland, on the 3d September;
and the third at St. Louis, on the 8th of Sep-
tember of the same year; and extracts from
them are set forth in the specifications of this
article. They are charged to have been indecent
and unbecoming, and made with intent to bring
the Congress of the United States into con-
tempt and disgrace, and to excite the resent-
ment of the people against it and against the
laws by it duly enacted.
The sufficient answer to this article is, that
it charges no offense against the laws of the
United States, and that it calls in question that
privilege of freedom of speech which is the
common birthright of the American people.
The President in those speeches denounced
the Thirty-Ninth Congress for its course on the
subject of reconstruction, and imputed to some
of its members responsibility for the New
Orleans massacre. He said also that it was a
Congress of but a part of the States; a remark
which was perfectly true, and did not neces-
sarily import a denial of its constitutional
powers. But neither these nor any other
observations made by him can be brought
within the prohibitions of any law of the Uni-
ted States, and their utterance was the exer-
cise of a right which cannot be questioned
either in the ordinary courts of law or in a
court of impeachment.
The case of Judge Humphreys is not a pre-
cedent to sustain this article. He was im-
peached, to be sure, for a speech made, but the
speech was treasonable in character and effect,
for it incited to armed resistance against the
United States, and gave to the public enemies
'■ aid and comfurt." Its utterance was an act
of treason which, being committed by a civil
officer of the United States, rendered him
liable to impeachment and removal from office.
THE STEVENS ARTICLE.
The eleventh article is nondescript, and a
curiosity in pleading. As an article on which
to convict, its strength consists in its weak-
ness—in the obscurity of its charges and the
intricacy of its form. As an afterthought of
the House of Representatives, or rather as a
reluctant concession by the House to the per-
tinacity of its author, it is not merely supple-
mentary to the other articles in position, but
bears upon its face the evidence of its distinct
and peculiar origin. Considered in parts it
is nothing—the propositions into which it is
divisible cannot stand separately as charges of
criminal conduct or intention ; and considered
as a whole it eludes the understanding and baf-
fles conjecture. While we .cannot suppose it
to have been drawn in scorn of the Senate,
before whom it was to be placed as an article
of impeachment, it would be true to the pater-
nity of a scornful spirit and a recklcss brain if
such paternity were assigned to it.
The matter of this article, so far as sub-
stance can be detected in it, is drawn mostly
from the other articles; but that matter is
arranged, manipulated, and combined together
in a manner to vex the student and confound
the judge ; and the new particulars of charge
or aggravation (whichever they may be) con-
tained in the article are hinted at rather than
expressed, and we vainly explore the context
to discover distinctly their antecedents or the
conclusions to which they lead.
As no abstract can do justice to this article
it must be given in extenso. It is as follows:
Art. 13. That said Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, unmindful of the hi'-'i;. duties of
his office, and of his oath of office, and m disregard
of the Constitution and laws of the United States,
did, heietofore, to v/it, on tho 18Lh day of Auaust, A.
I). 18tiG, at the city of Washington, and the District
of Columbia, by public speech, declare and affirm, in
substance, that the Xhirty-Smth Congress of the Uni-
ted States was not a Congress of the United States
Authorized by the Constitution to exercise lesisla-
tive power under the same, but, on the contrary,
was a Congress of only part of the States, thereby
denying, and intending to deny, that the legislation
of said Congress was valid or obligatory upon him, the
said Andrew .johnson, except in so tar as ho saw lit
to approve the ^me, and also thereby denying, and
intending to deny, the power of ttesaid Ihirtr^Hinth
Congress to propose a mendments to the CoiisUf.ul i^ja
of the United States: .and, in pursuant ©f said dec-
laration, the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, afterwards,- to wit, on the- 21st day of
February, A.I). 1868, atthecity ofWa-shington, in tile
District of Columbia, did, unlawfully, and m d'isfer
gard of the requirement of the Constit ution, that lie
should take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
passed March 2, 1$>7, by unlawfully aetdsiiig and
contriving, and attempting to devise ana contrive
means by which he should prevent Edwin M< Stan-
ton from forthwith resuming the functions of the
office of Secretary for the department of War. not-
withstanding the refusal of the Senate to coriour in
the suspension theretofore made by said Andrew
Johnson of said Edwin M. Stanton from said office
of Secretary for the Department of War; and, also,
by further unlawfully devising and contriving, and
attempting to devise and contrive means, then and
there, to prevent the execution of an act entitled
*'An act making appropriations for tho support of
the Army for thefisealyear ending June-30.1868, and
for other purposes," approved Mareh 2, 1867; and,
also, to prevent the execution of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient, government of
the rebel States,'' passed Mareh 2,1867, whereby the
said Andrew Johnson, 1'residentofthe United States,
did, then, to wit, on the 21st day of February, A. D.
1868, at the city of Washington, commit, and was
guilty of, a high misdemeanor in office.
No one having been known to assert that he
understood fully this article, it may be thought
hazardous to attempt its exposition. But the
difficulty of the task will doubtless be taken
into due account by all generous persons in
judging its performance.
The inducement contained in the first three
lines and the conclusion are taken from the
formal parts of prior articles.
The clause which sets forth the speech of
the 18th of August, 186(i, and the intent of that
speech, may be considered as constituting the
body of the charge, as the ground of the charge,
as a part of the charge, or as the introduction
to the charge. Whicheyer it may be, it is bor-
rowed from the tenth article, and, if condemned
there, must fall here as a distinct charge or
element of accusation.
Next, it is said that the President, " in pur-
suance'' of said speech of 18th August, did,
oil 21st February, 1868, "attempt to prevent
the execution" of the tenure-of-office act by
"devising and contriving, and attempting to
devise and contrive, means" to prevent Stan-
ton from resuming his office of Secretary of
War, &c.
Is this merely a specification under the prior
charge, or a continuation of that charge, or a
substantive and distinct Or separable accusa-
tion? If it be the first or second of these it
will share the fate of the prior charge in a vote
of guilty or not guilty upon the whole article.
And the words in pursuance, with which this
division begins, may be thought to so connect
it with the prior matter as to render this result
certain. If, however, this division be a distinct
or separable accusation we are to examine it
further. In that view it must aver the substance
of a criminal charge. But this it does not do.
It avers only certain action of the President's
mind—no overt act, no conduct of his, good
or bad. Ho "devised and contrived, and
attempted to devise and contrive, means" to
keep Mr. Stanton out of office. But he used
no means, and he took no steps to create or
provide them. It is true he is charged with an
" attempt, to prevent the execution of the ten-
ure-of-office act," but only by the "devising
and contriving, and attempting to devise and
contrive, means" to keep Mr. Stanton out of
office.
In brief, this accusation is that the President,
cogitated the means to keep Mr-. Stanton out of
office, and thereby violated the tenure-of-office
act! It is too plain for question that no crim-
inal act is charged here, nor any fact set forth
upon which a judicial investigation can be had
or judgment be pronounced. But it has-been
supposed and asserted that this part of the,
eleventh article refers to a desire and intention
of tha President, not on 21st of February, but
in January before, to prevent Mr. Stanton from
resuming his office. Be it so. If we are to
build up a proper charge with a proper date
from materials obtained outside of the articles,
and proceed to try the President upon it, to
