1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3595
tlxe further consideration of a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking
indemnity for property destroyed by Indians,
and that the same be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ELLA M. GUY.
Mr. GARFIELD also moved that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Ella
M. Guy, praying relief for supplies furnished
the United States Army, under the command
of Lieutenant General Grant, in 1862, and that
trie same be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
1UVKU AND IIAIUJOR BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
river and harbor bill, the third section being
under consideration.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Gko\ br.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I am sorry there has
been made a motion to strike out this section
in relation to the Louisville and Portland canal.
I am also sorry that the motion was made by
my colleague, [Mr. Spalding,] who enjoys one
of the finest harbors on the lakes, and made
so by Government appropriations. It is now
in perfect order. He is from the northern part
of the State, while this section relates to an
improvement a little further south, and below
the boundaries of the State of Ohio. I hope
my colleague, after hearing the debate on the
subject, will withdraw his motion.
Mr. SPALDING. Does not this section
contemplate purchasing a work from a private
company ?
Mr. EGGLESTON. No, sir; and that
shows liovv much the gentleman knows about
the matter.
Mr. SPALDING. Is not this canal the
property of a private company?
Mr. EGGLESTON. It is not; and I am
glad the gentleman has asked the question,
if the gentleman will call for Miscellaneous
Document No. 83—my five minutes' time will
not allow it to be read—he will find that the
Louisville and Portland canal to-day belongs
to the United States, except $500 owned by
five individuals, who have that much stock in
order to enable them to become directors of
the company. In the year 1855 the accounts
between the United States and this canal were
balanced. By examining the document 1 have
referred to it will be found that the United
States have received $24,"278 more than it ever
invested there. Then they owned the canal,
and it is free and clear, except enough belong-
ing to these five individuals to enable them to
manage its affairs. From 1855 down to 1860
these directors managed the canal economic-
ally and accumulated some three or four hun-
dred tnousanddollars. IIow was thatobtained?
By putting a toll upon the commerce of the
great Ohio valley fifty cents per ton upon the
tonnage that passed through the canal. In
I860 the company had accumulated in the
neighborhood of three hundred thousand dol- j
lars. Between 1850 and 1860 they frequently j
came to Congress and asked Congress to do
something with the work. Nothing could be j
done up to 1860. On the 24th of May. 1860,
the Congress of the United States passed a res-
olution which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" liesolvedby the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the
president and. directors ot the Louisville and Port-
land Canal Company be, audlhcy are hereby, author-
ized, with the revenues and credits ot thccompanj',
to enlarge the said canal, and to construct a branch
canal from a suitable point on the south side of the
piesent canal to a point oil the Ohio river, opposite
fciand Island, sufficient to pass the largest class ot
steam vessels navigating the Ohio river: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall authorize said
president or directors, directly or indirect.}', to use
or pledge the faith or credit of the Umteil States tor
the said enl argenient or construction, it being hereby
expressly declared that the Government ot the Uni-
ted States shall not be in any manner liaole tor said
enlargement or construction : Frovidedjurtlier, lliat
when said canal is enlarged, and its branch canal is
constructed, and its cost of said improvement' paid
for. no more tolls shall be collected than an amount
sufficient to keep the canal in repair, and pay for all
necessary superintendence and management."
Mr. EGGLESTON. In accordance with
that resolution the directors of that canal
company borrowed $1,567,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROVER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will yield to me, that 1 may con-
clude my remarks. Ho can obtain the floor
afterward.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment. Mr. Speaker, accord-
ing to the statement of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Grover] these bonds will come
due in equal amounts in 1871, 1876, 1881, and
1886. By this section of the bill the Govern-
ment assumes the payment of the bonds. Gen-
eral Weitzel was ordered by the Secretary of
War, under a resolution of Congress, to make
a survey and ascertain the cost of the enlarge-
ment of the canal. General Weitzel reports
that it will cost §900,000 to make the enlarge-
ment. The company will be compelled to go
on and do this work, if we do not make this
appropriation. Now, Mr. Speaker, the five
gentlemen who have charge of the canal——
Mr. SPALDING. Do they not own the
work?
Mr. EGGLESTON. They do not own the
work. The Government owns it.
Mr. SPALDING. They have the control
of it.
Mr. EGGLESTON. No, they have not the
control of it. The Government can take it out
of their hands whenever it may please. With
the same propriety the gentleman might say
that the Secretary of War owns this Govern-
ment because he has charge of the War De-
partment.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to be diverted
from my argument. These five individuals
have no personal interest in this work. The
Government of the United States owns the
canal. We propose in this bill that the Gov-
ernment shall take charge of the canal, pay off
the indebtedness, and finish the enlargement,
so that the largest boats may go through.
Now, sir, I desire for a few minutes the at-
tention of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbuiixe,] the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce. I ask that gentleman why he
should oppose the improvement of the canal
arotfnd the falls at Louisville, when Congress
has granted an appropriation to improve the
rapids at Des Monies '.' If, when we made the
appropriation for the Des Moines rapids, the
appropriation for the Louisville canal had been
proposed, I know the gentleman would not
have undertaken to oppose the latter appro -
piiation. But when I brought the subject up
before the Committee on Commerce it was said,
'•There has been no survey." Sol had to
content myself with going before the Depart-
ment and asking a survey, which, under a res-
olution of Congress, has now been made. We
now come and ask this Congress to do for the
Louisville canal just what it did for the canal
around the Des Moines rapids. When the
canal around the Des Moines rapids^ is com-
pleted the navigation is to be free. \et, when
boats traversing the Ohio river pass through the
Louisville canal they must pay a toll ot fifty
cents per ton. And the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce proposes that this state
of things shall continue. I know lie would
not have made such a proposition in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress when the appropriation for the
Des Moines rapids was asked.
Without going into the figures I undertake
to say that three steamboats pass through the
canal or over the falls at Louisville lor every
one that passes around the falls or over the
rapids at DesMomes. Yet the gentleman from
Illinois would have us strike out this provision
for the Louisville canal. 1 hope, Mr. Speaker,
that it will not be done. I trust we shall not
continue to tax the commerce of fifteen'States
to sustain this work which should be made free
by the action of the General Government. I
trust we shall not inflict the injustice proposed
upon the commerce of the Ohio river.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to oppose the amendment to the
amendment. I am opposed to this section,
not because of the "economical streak" which
the gentleman says has come over me particu-
larly at this time, but for various other reasons.
In the first place, this is a section which has no
business in this bill. It has no proper place
in a river and harbor bill. It is a maiter be-
longing expressly to the Committee on lloads
and Canals, and to that committee the subject
should have been referred for examination and
for full and elaborate report. If the matter
had been referred to that committee it cotld
not have been "log-rolled " with the river and
harbor bill which we have now before us.
Now, sir, I am opposed to it, not only be-
cause it is not right in this place, but I am
opposed to it because it takes from the Treas-
ury ^450,000 and assumes an indebtedness of
.§1,507,000, demanding of us here, who repre-
sent the people, under a five-minutes debate
to add over two million dollars to the burdens
of the already oppressed people of this country.
Yes, sir, in a five-minutes debate, without any
report from the Committee on Commerce, go-
ing over this whole subject, we propose to buy
this canal from the State of Kentucky and tax
our constituents for that purpose iu a section
of seventeen lines. Why, sir, if this should
pass at all it is a subject which should have
been most thoroughly considered, most thor-
oughly and elaborately provided for in a.bill
by itself, and previously a commission should
have been appointed to examine into the whole
subject and report to Congress. But, sir, that
was not considered necessary. It was sup-
posed if they got it into a bill with seventy-five
or eighty other items, in which every section
was interested, it would go through, as I pre-
sume it will go through this House.
Mr. MUNGENrose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield now.
Mr. Speaker, let me say to my friends on this
side of the House—I know my friends on the
other side may go for these appropriations—•
that we are piling up wrath against the day of
wrath at the hands of the people. We are
responsible for it, and no man on this side of
the House who votes for these extravagant
appropiiations can go home without being
called upon to defend himself from votes of
this character.
What, sir, is proposed here? Look at the
bill before the House. It is to carry on works
already begun—at least it is so advocated.
What is this here? For a breakwater at Block
Island, Rhode island, $74,000, a new work
entirely, and yet in this haste we of the West
are called upon now to initiate these new
works in the East. I am willing to go as far
as any man in this direction. I am in favor of
protecting our commerce and clearing out the
rivers where these are national works; but,
sir, I am opposed to taking money out of my
constituents' pockets for the purpose of build-
ing a harbor for lumbermen in the district of
my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Perry. ] lam
opposed to such appropriations. We have
some meritorious works provided for in this
bill, and therefore I have voted against laying
the bill upon the table, hoping that we mjiy so
adjust it as to secure all our votes in its favor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROVER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. CAIiY. I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, whatever may be thought or
oilier appropriations ill this bill, there can be
no improvement more national in its character
or more far-reaching in its results than this.
