5X4
SUPPLEMENT TO
what conclusion may we arrive ? Why, that
the President had an intention to keep Stanton
out, and devised a plan or means for that pur-
pose, but did not use those means or put that
plan into execution. Here was no breach of
the tenure-of-offiee act, or of any other law.
Whether his purpose was good or bad, it did
not lead to an actual offense; and if his inten-
tion had been carried out in an act, what would
that act have been? Why, obviously an order
for the removal of Stanton before he had act-
ually resumed his office. But that would have
raised precisely the same question which was
raised by the order of removal of 21st Feb-
ruary, which we are to determine under the
first article of impeachment. An order re-
moving Mr. Stanton would have borne the
same legal character whether issued to pre-
vent him from resuming his office or to turn
him out after he had resumed it.
The next clauses, and the concluding clauses
of accusation in this article, aver a devising
and contriving, &c., to prevent the execution
of the Army appropriation act, (a repetition of
the charge in the ninth article, and unproved,)
and also to prevent the execution of the recon-
struction act of March 2,1867, (also unproved.)
Whether these clauses relate to the same ante-
cedents or not, and whether they are indepen-
dent of each other or not, we need not inquire.
Nor is it necessary to enlarge upon the absurd-
ity of holding that a contriving to prevent the
execution of the Army appropriation act or the
reconstruction act will establish or tend to es-
tablish an attempt to prevent the execution of
the tenure-of-office act« for, as these averments
are not proved, their relations to prior parts of
the article and to each other are unimportant.
THE TENURE-OF-OFFICE ACT.
There are several questions relating to the
constitutionality and construction of the act of
2d March, 1807, ("to regulate the tenure of
certain civil officcs,") which remain to be
examined. They do not arise upon the con-
sideration of any one article alone, but upon the
consideration of nearly all of them, and can
be most conveniently presented in this place
after the articles have been separately exam-
ined.
1. Was the tenure-of-offiee act constitutional
in its application to heads of Executive Depart-
ments who were in office at the time of its pas-
sage? Thisquestion assumes, for the purposes
of argument, that they were brought within the
act by its terms and that a new tenure was
fixed for them by it. I have no hesitation in
answering this question in the negative, and in
holding that it was not competent for Congress
to assign to Mr. Stanton an office of more
extended duration or greater security of tenure
than that which he held under his commission
by virtue of presidential appointment. This
seems to me too clear for doubt or denial when
we consider the character of the olliec and the
plain words of the Constitution.
The Secretary of War is the head of an
executive Department; his office as such head
is expressly mentioned in the Constitution, and
his appointment must be by the President by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. As he is not an inferior officer, within
the meaning of the appointment clause of the
Constitution, Congress cannot provide another
mode of appointing him, much less assume the
power of appointing him to themselves. It
follows that they cannot give to a Secretary a
right to hold his office beyond the term for
which he was appointed, or to hold it freed
from a condition upon which the appointment
was made.
Lot this proposition be illustrated by exam-
ples and its truth and soundness will more
clearly appear. Take the case of a future Secre-
tary, holding, under this tenure-of-oflice act, for
a term of four years and one month by virtue
of a presidential appointment to which sena-
torial advice and consent has been given. Can
Congress by law extend his term ? Can they
by statute authorize him to hold his office for
eight or ten years instead of four? If so, the
officer will hold under the statute during all
the time added to his term in contempt of the
constitutional power of appointment. Again,
suppose the case of a Secretary appointed and
commissioned to hold during the pleasure of
the President. Can Congress by statute author-
ize him to hold during good behavior, thus
making his office one for life (unless removed
for legal misconduct) instead of one at the
pleasure of the appointing power ? In this case,
also, the new right is conferred in derogation
of the power held by the President and Senate
under the Constitution. And in the precise
case which we have before us, Mr. Stanton
holding under his appointment and commission
at the pleasure of the President, can Congress
by statute give him a right to hold his office
for a term of years against the President's
will? If they can do this they can also here-
after, at their pleasure, assign him an additional
term of years or give him a life estate in his
office. In either case what have we but a new
appointment to office by Congress?
By the express words of the Constitution the
principal officers of the Government (including,
I think, the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments) must be appointed by the President by
and with the advice and couseut of the Senate,
and the appointment of inferior officers may be
vested by law in the President alone, in the
courts oflaw, or in the heads of Departments.
Bach House of Congress may choose their own
officers, but in no case whatever can Congress
appoint an officer of the United States. Being
"clearly incapable of making an appointment,
they cannot change one after it is made, giving
it a character and duration which were not
within the contemplation or intention of the
appointing power when the office was conferred.
i conclude, then, that if the tenure-of-office
act be construed to place the cases of Mr.
Stanton and of the other Lincoln Secretartes
within a new tenure-of-office rule, it is so far
forth unconstitutional and void, and can afford
no support to the first eight and to the eleventh
articles of impeachment.
2. It is important to observe that no objec-
tion upon constitutional grounds is made, or
can be made, to some parts of the tenure-of-
office act. The sixth section, for instance, is
entirely unexceptionable, and was very prop-
erly acted upon by the President in giving
notice to the Secretary of the Treasury of Mr.
Stanton's suspension in August, 1807. And so
the second section of the act, in authorizing the
suspension of officers between sessions of the
Senate, violates no provision of the Constitu-
tion, and denies no just claim of executive
power. It was quite competent for the Presi-
dent to suspend Mr. Stanton under that section,
notwithstanding his denial of the validity of the
first section, and if he had done so in express
terms he would not have exposed himself to a
charge of inconsistency. It is true he puts his
suspension of Mr. Stanton upon the executive
power to remove him under the Constitution,
holding that the power to remove includes the
power to suspend, but still the act of suspen-
sion fell within the letter of the law and was in
all respects conformed to it. While it was from
the President's point of view a good exercise
of power under the Constitution, it was also
undeniably a good exercise of power within the
terms of the law; and if placed upon the latter
ground alone it would not be an admission of
the constitutionality of the whole law, but only
of so much of the second section as authorizes
suspensions from office. It is only necessary
to add here, by way of explanation, that while
Mr. Stanton's ease is believed not to come
within the operation of the first section, the
power to suspend him is clearly conferred by
the second.
3. 1 hold that the violation of law by a Pres-
ident which will constitute an impeachable high
crime or misdemeanor must be a willful and
intentional violation, and in its nature calcu-
lated to produce serious injury to the public
service. Mistake and error of judgment merely
are not to be punished by impeachment, but
only grievous and willful crime which endan-
gers the public safety or welfare. Therefore,
if there was an honest misconstruction of the
tenure-of-office act by the President, in hold-
ing that Mr. Stanton's case was not within it,
he cannot be convicted. The removal of Mr.
Stanton was not an act calculated to injure the
public service or shock the moral sense of the
people. And the construction of the tenure-
of-office act adopted by the President, whether
right or wrong, was not un unreasonable or
rash one, but was precisely that construction
which had been assigned to it in the Senate at
the time of its passage, and which appears to
be most consistent with its terms.
4. Assuming that the first section of the
tenure-of-office act was one of doubtful consti-
tutionality and construction, I hold that the
President was fully justified in challenging its
application to his Secretaries, and in taking
necessary steps to have its validity and con-
struction determined in the courts of law. But
his position as to his right and duty in this
respect has been grossly misrepresented and,
perhaps, greatly misunderstood. It was stated,
however, by Judge Curtis, in his opening for
the defense, with a clearness and completeness
which leave nothing to be desired, and remove
all excuse for misconception or complaint. He
said:
"I am not intending to advance upon or occupy
any extreme ground, because no sueh ground has
been advanced upon or occupied by the President
of the United States. He is to take care that the
laws be faithfully executed. When a law has been
passed through the forms of legislation, either with
his assent or without his assent, it is his duty to see
that that law is faithfully executed so long as nothing
is required of him but ministerial action. He is not
to erect himself into a judicial court and decide that
tlielaw is unconstitutional, and that therefore he will
notexecuteit." * * * "He asserts uo
sueh power. Hehas no sueh idea of his duty. His idea
of his duty is, that if a law is passed over his veto
which he believes to be unconstitutional, and that
law affects the interests of third persons, those whose
interests are affected must tako care of them, vindi-
cate them, raise questions concerning them if they
should be so advised. If sueh a law affects the gen-
eral and public interests of the people, the peoplo
must take care at the polls that it is remedied in a
constitutional way.
" But when, Senators, a question arises whether a
particular law has cut off a power confided to himby
the people through the Constitution, and he alone
can raise tho question, and he alone can cause a
judicial decision to come between tho two branches
of the Government to say which of them is right, and
after due deliberation with the advice of those who
are his proper advisors, he settles down firmly upon
the opinion that sueh is the character of the law, it
romains to be decided by you whether there is any
violation of his duty when he takes the needful steps
to raise that question and have it peacefully de-
cided."—Page 382.
And again he said, (page 391:)
" So long as it is a question of administrative duty
merely he [the President] holds that he is bound by
the law."
It is admitted on all hands that a private
citizen may proceed in a peaceful manner to re-
sist any law which violates his personal rights
under the Constitution, and may bring such
law before the courts for judicial condemnation.
And even if ho should be mistaken as to his
right, and as to the invalidity of the law, his
error will not be imputed to him as a crime.
And so, where a question arises as to the
constitutional right of the President to change
his constitutional advisers—the men who con-
stitute his political household, and for whose
acts he is responsible to the people and to the
law—as against a statute which invades or
denies to him such right, can it bo doubted that
he may challenge the statute and carry it into
the courts of law for judgment? And where
the statute is plainly in contempt of the past
practice of the Government, and of the very
highest authorities which can be cited upon
a question of constitutional law, and no one
but the President can bring it to the test of
judicial examination and judgment, is not his
duty to challenge it as incontestible as his right ?
CONCLUSION.
I have now concludcd my examination of the
several articles of impeachment and of the act
of Congress upon which most of them are
founded. The general question of presiden-
tial power under the Constitution to remove
officers of the United States from office at dis-
