164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tho joint resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume it is only neces-
sary to read the substitute, as the original
resolution was read the other day.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment only will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the resolving clause
of the joint resolution and to insert the fol-
lowing:
That hereafter it shall be tho duty of the Con-
gressional Printer to cause to be printed and bound
three thousand copies of the reports of the Postmas-
ter (Jenoral, instead of twenty-live hundred copies as
provided by tho act approved July 27, I860; and thatso
much of that act as conflicts with the above provision
be, and is hereby,repealed; and this resolution shall
apply to the report for tho present year. 1
Tho amendment was agreed to. 1
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the title of
tho joint resolution was amended so as to read
"a joint resolution to authorize the printing
of five hundred additional copies of the report
of the Postmaster General."
bills introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 190) to further provide for giving effect to
the various grants of public lands to the State
of Nevada; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 191)
for the establishment of apostroutefrom Law-
rence, Kansas, to Galveston, Texas; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 192) to incorporate the Potomac Naviga-
tion and Transportation Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
A bill (S. No. 193) to incorporate the Wash-
ington City Insurance Company, which were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 194) supplementary to an
act to incorporate the National Safe Deposit
Company ot Washington in the District of
Columbia, approved January 22, 18(37 ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 195) for the relief of George W.
Gibson; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
cotton tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no further
morning business, I move to take up the bill
reported by me yesterday from the Committee
on Finance to repeal the cotton tax.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide for
the exemption of cotton from internal tax. It
provides that all cotton grown in the United
States after the year 1867 shall be exempt from
internal tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is scarcely necessary
for me to explain the necessity or the reasons
for this bill, because those reasons are matters
of public notoriety known to most Senators.
We have an official report from the special
commissioner of revenue, Mr. Wells, strongly
urging it, and setting forth very cogently the
reasons why the tax should be repealed. He
recommends its repeal not only for the next
year, but for the present year. The bill comes
to us from the House of Representatives in its
present form, and does not affect the tax on
cotton grown during the present year, but only
applies to the future crop. As preparations I
are now being made all over the South for the ■
next year's crop it is important that the action
of Congress on this subject should be definitely
fixed before any adjournment lor the holidays.
It is urged by many persons in the South, some
of whom are here, that the planters should
know now before the holidays whether or not
it is advisable for them to proceed to raise cot-
ton next year or other crops, as during the
holidays or at the beginning of the new year
they make their contracts with their hands with
a view to the labor to be employed during the
year. I hope, therefore, the subject will be
acted upon.
If Senators desire any further information I
have oflicial documents here, and quite a num-
ber of letters on the subject, showing the abso-
lute importance of repealing this tax. The
price of cotton has now gone so low that it is
said that, even without the tax it will not pay the
expense of raising it. I have letters from gen-
tlemen for whom I can vouch, who removed
from the State of Ohio and went South, and
who have done all they could to develop that
region of country by the raising of cotton, who
say that at present prices there is an actual loss
of money with the utmost care on their part,
and if they are compelled to pay the tax even
for the present year they will be ruined in some
cases. As, however, the House bill does not
propose to relieve them from the tax for the
present year the Committee on Finance thought
it was scarcely worth while to propose to amend
the proposition, as there would probably be
great division of opinion upon it here, and
there had been a vote already taken on it in
the other House. The committee, therefore, i
reported the bill without amendment. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was not
expecting that this bill would come up this
morning, and therefore I am not prepared to
submit some few remarks that I desire to
make on the bill when it shall be up for con-
sideration. I happen to be one of those who
think it is a very great mistake to act upon the
subject of internal taxes piecemeal. 1 think
we had far better have the whole subject before
us, so that we may know what taxes we cau j
relieve and what not. In this instance I do I
not coincide with the action either of the I
House of Representatives or of the Finance
Committee. I think it would be much wiser,
and it would be a greater relief to the South to
take the tax off manufactured cotton rather
than off the raw material. There are quite a
number of facts and statistics which, without
occupying a great deal of time, I should like
to submit to the Senate when the bill comes up
for action. I hope therefore it will be put
over until Monday. If I had known it was
coming up this morning I should have been as
well prepared to-day as I shall be at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice when I
reported the bill from the Committee on
Finance that I would call it up this morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
happen to hear the chairman at that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires to
address the Senate on the subject I have no
objection to the bill going over ; but I think
the question ought to be settled before the holi-
days for the reasons I have stated and which
are obvious.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only ask
that it be put over to Monday. I do not want
to occupy the time of the Senate for over fif-
teen or twenty minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not the slightest
objection to its going over until Monday, but
before that is done 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment that the Senate may consider of it, and
that is, that the provisions of the bill shall
apply also to the crop of the past year. As
it stands it relieves taxation only on the crop
to be grown hereafter. In my opinion, and I
shall endeavor to state the reasons for it when
the question is again before the Senate, the
reliet ought to be applied to the present crop.
I give notice that I shall propose to amend
the bill in that particular on Monday.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I
shall object to the bill being postponed until
Monday, but I hardly think the Senate will
care for any further facts from the committee,
because the Senate by its action last year
showed that it was not in favor of this tax.
By a yea and nay vote we struck it off on
my own motion ; but members of the House
insisted upon it, and it was put upon the bill,
and finally agreed to in a committee of confer-
ence, and we accepted the report of the com-
mittee. I am confident, as I have always
been, that this tax discourages production. I
have many acquaintances in the South, and I
am sure that you cannot get northern men
to go down there and raise cotton while this
tax is imposed, and if they cannot raise it I
do not suppose any will be raised. I am
anxious to come to a vote and strike off the
tax. 1 think, however, it might act injuri-
ously to strike it off from the present crop,
because that has got out of the hand3 of the
producers to a great extent, and is in tho
hands if not of speculators, of merchants
who did not produce it. They have bought it
with the tax paid, and I do not think we
should interfere with their arrangements. I
do not like laws that are retrospective. Let
this repeal be prospective and apply only to
the crop raised hereafter. If applying it to
this year's crop would relieve the producer
I should not object; but it is beyond that
now, it is too late for them ; we cannot relieve
them. We cannot relieve the man who raised
the cotton and lost money in doing it. It has
got into other hands. I say let the repeal be
prospective and relate to the crop hereafter
raised.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
ask that the bill be postponed until Monday.
I am aware that the opinion of the Senate is
adverse to that which 1 entertain; and pretty
much all I desire is to do what the lawyer
said he wanted to do after the court had de-
cided against him—"I only want to show
what a fool Blackstone was." [Laughter.]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House concurred in the amendment
of the Senate to the amendment of the House
to the title of the bill (S. No. 143) to change
the name of Samuel Chase Barney, jr., to
that of Samuel Chase DeKrafft.
additional bounty.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 127) in relation to
additional bounty. As it came to the Senate
the bill provided—
That tho widow, minor ohildren, or parents, in tho
order named, of any soldier who shall have died after
being honorably discharged from themilitary service
of the United States, shall be entitled to receive the
additional bounty to which such soldier would be
entitled if living, under tho provisions of the twelfth
and thirteenth sections of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending Juno 30, 1867,
and for other purposes," approved July 28,1S06, and
the said provisions of said act shall be so construed:
Provided, however, Thatsuch widow,minor children,
or parents shall only be entitled to receive such ad-
ditional bounty in case where such soldier, if living,
would be entitled under the provisions of said act to ■
receive the same.
The bill, having been referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, was
reported with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert the follow-
ing:
That if a person entitled as a soldier, or as heir of
a soldier, to tho bounty provided by sections twelve
and thirteen of the act making appropriations for
tbo civil service, approved July 28.1860, has died or
shall die before receiving said bounty, it shall be
paid to the heirs of the soldier as designated in ?:iid
act in tho order therein nauied, and to none other.
