1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thereafter, until Angust, when he named Gen-
eral Grant, the President violated 'the law in
failing to designate a temporary successor, and
as the act ot 1795 only gives the power to des-
ignate a person to fill the vacancy during six
months, his fresh appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas ad interim after ihe expiration of six
months was unauthorized by any lata ou the
statute-book and of itself is an impeachable
offense, without reference to his power of re-
moval. if he can make another designation
ad interim after the time named in the act has
expired he can go on filling all the offices of
the Government, irresponsible to the Senate in
its power of confirmation, as he claims to be
to Congress or the judiciary. The dictator-
ship will be an accomplished fact, and the
cherished principles of a free people trodden
under foot by the power of despotism.
_ Mr. Chairman, if the President desired to
rid himself of his Secretary of War it was
easy to accomplish. The constitutional mode
was to send in another name to the Senate, as
he has done since his transgression, but too
late to obliterate it. On presenting a suitable
man the Senate would have confirmed him at
Mr. Stanton's own instance, for ho remained
at his post of duty only in response to the de-
mands of loyal men all over the land, that the
War Office should not be surrendered to the
revolutionary designs of the President. Mr.
Johnson's last message claims that the con-
struction of the Constitution in regard to the
power of removal has been one of great doubt.
Despite this doubt—despite the Constitution,
the law, the reinstatement of Secretary Stan-
ton, and the reiterated construction of the law
on the part of the Senate, he chose to judge
for himself rather than apply to the judicial
tribunals, and by his own actions he must be
judged.
Sir, the people's Representatives take no
pleasure in the performance of the duty they
are about to fulfill. They hold their offices in
trust for the people. The most sacred of their
trusts is to preserve liberty for the people.
They delayed, they tolerated, they have been
slow to censure. They even pleaded to their
constituents and themselves the faith they once
held in this public servant and his loyalty dur-
ing the war.
The annals of almost every country furnish
instances of men in high place who, with the
madness, and egotism of ambition forgot their
better days and only remain as a reproach on
the pages of history. Our own land, oven
before Jefferson Davis plotted treason, is not
without the illustration. The brilliant services
of Benedict Arnold are powerless to save his
memory from infamy, and Aaron Burr, once
"Vice President of the United States, conspir-
ing to violate the principles of republican Gov-
ernment, wandered an outcast in the land of
his birth. While no danger to our institutions
wasimminent, Andrew Johnson's littleremain-
ing lease of power made all hearts glad in the
belief that he could accomplish no great wrong.
He has himself taken away this hope, and
without malice or fear it becomes us to do our
duty.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I had supposed that this debate would be lim-
ited mainly to an examination of the articles
of impeachment reported by the committee ;
but 1 find the discussion has taken a somewhat
wider-range than I anticipated. I do not pro-
pose now to discuss at any considerable length
the general principles of the law of impeach-
ment. On three different occasions it has been
my privilege on this floor to give my views upon
that subject. I have nothing to take back and
nothing to modify in the views which I have
express#d. Every day has confirmed me in
the conviction that the President of the Uni-
ted States ought to bo impeached of high
crimes and misdemeanors.
I do not know that I could describe the guilt
of the President in any more appropriate lan-
guage than that used by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] in a
debate in this House on the 13th of December
last. In that debate the gentleman was pleased
to say of the President that he was ''an infa.-
mons usurper of ungranted powers.'' I ask the
Clerk to read an extract which I have marked
in the Daily Globe containing the report of
the debates of this House of the 10 th of De-
cember last.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio. Then, Mr. Chairman,
I am glad to find that my distinguished friend from
Wisconsin agrees with me that these acts of the Pres-
ident are monstrous usurpations. X welcome him to
tho ranks of those who denounce the man at the
w hite Houso as a usurper, a violator of the Consti-
tution, and guilty of high crimes against tho people
of all the States.
" Mr. Eldridge. And, Mr. Chairman, I think, so
far as that is concerned, that Congress and the Pres-
ident are in pari delicto~t\io.t they stand together as
infamous usurpers of ungranted powers."
. Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I should not
have conveyed the idea which the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] did in ex-
actly the language he used; but he has described,
in much more vigorous terms than I would
have employed, the exact character of the
crimes of which up to that time the President
had been guilty. And yet, with those words
still lingering on his lips, with that conviction
of the character of the conduct of the Presi-
dent, he was and is amoug those who voted
that Andrew Johnson should not be impeached
of high crimes and misdemeanors.
I cannot say that I rejoice that it has become
our duty to impeach the President of the Uni-
ted States ; on the contrary, it is a painful
duty, sadly to be deplored. But we would be
wanting in manhood, in courage, in fidelity to
the Constitution, in duty to those who sent us
to this Hall, if, when the President attempts to
subvert the Constitution and to violate the laws
of the country, we did not apply the remedy
for his crimes which has been provided by the
great charter of our liberties.
I have no doubt that the crimes set out in
these articles of impeachment reported by the
committee are sufficient upou which to convict
tho President. I by no means believe that they
embody the highest of his high crimes. Prior
to his attempted removal of Secretary Stanton,
and his attempted induction into office as Sec-
retary of War ad interim of the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army, Lorenzo Thomas, he had
violated the Constitution in that wicked and
corrupt attempt to .create civil governments in
seven of the rebel States, in his attempt to
prescribe the qualifications of voters there,
and to organize those States as members of
the Union.
But 1 do not propose to recapitulate the
crimes of which the President was guilty prior
to those set out in these articles of impeach-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, there are some principles of
law applicable to the process of impeachment
to which 1 wish to advert before 1 come to
speak, as I will briefly, of the form of one or
two of these articles. I do not hold for one
moment that it is at all material what shall be
the motive of the President when he violates
the Constitution or the laws of the land. I
know there may be violations of law which
would not be impeachable unless they were
accompanied by a corrupt motive.
But I deny that the President can shield
himself from merited punishment by any plea
of motive when he violates the Constitution
or the laws of the land in such form as to
endanger the liberties of the people or to sub-
vert the fundamental principles of the Govern-
ment.
Let me illustrate very briefly my idea upon
this subject. At the commencement of the
rebellion President Buchanan said, in his last
annual message to Congress, that we had no
constitutional power to coerce the rebel States.
If he had continued in office for four years
from that time, and had refused to execute the
laws of Congress because he may have sup-
posed, and honestly supposed that there was
no constitutional power to coerce a rebellious
State, this nation would have been overthrown.
Now, I deny that in such case it is a'duty to
let .this Republic die out of tender regard for
the constitutional scruples of any President.
The Senate of the United States, when it
has resolved itself into a high cojirfc of im-
peachment, is the highest judicial body in this
land. It supervises alike the judgment of the
President and the judgment of the courts.
It supervises -the conduct of the Supreme
Court of the United States, no matter what
may be the motives of the judges. Should
they pronounce a decision which tramples down
every principle of republican government, it
would be within the province of the high court
of impeachment to revise their judgment, and
to remove the judges from the offices they hold,
merely because of a decision of that court fatal
to the interests or liberties of the Republic.
Sir, the high court of impeachment exists as a
means by which the House and the Senate may
save the Republic from the encroachments of
its enemies, from whatever department of the
Government the usurpation may come. And,
sir, if this House had preferred articles of im-
peachment when that infamous and ever-to-be
detested Dred Scott decision was pronounced,
and if the Senate had performed their duty, this
Republic would have been saved the infamy
and the blood of the great rebellion.
Now, six-, with that view of the law upon the
subject, let me pass on to a single other con-
sideration in the law of impeachment. In order
to subject the President to impeachment it is
not essential that he act in violation of a penal
statute for which he may be indicted, nor that
his conduct be a violation of the Constitution.
Nay, more, sir, if from any cause thePresident
should become absolutely unfit to perform the
duties of his office, it is within the constitu-
tional competency of the high court of im-
peachment, to save the life of the Republic and
to preserve its interests, by ejecting him from
the office which he would be unfit to fill. And
I am glad, Mr. Chairman, that, at last, we
have found that there is time, not only to at-
tend to the material interests of the country
upon all subjects other than impeachment, but
that there is time to attend to this also. There
never was a period in this country when there
was not sufficient time for Congress to perform
every duty devolving upon it.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the
House and the country that even those who
maintained that no act was impeachable unless
indictable have abandoned that position.
The articles of impeachment reported by the
committee do not all charge conduct which is
indictable. The " tenure-of-office law" pro-
vides as follows:
"Sec. 6. And be it further mooted, That, every re-
moval, appointment, or employment made, had, or
cxcrcised contrary to ihe provisions of this act. and
the making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issu-
ing of any commission or letter of authority for or in
respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, high
misdemeanors, and, upon trial and conviction thereof,
every person guilty thereof shall bo punished by a
fine not exceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not
exceeding live years, or both said punishments, in
tho discretion ot the court: Provided, That thePres-
iderit shall havo power to make out and deliver,
atter the adjournment of the Senate, commissions
for all officers whose appointment shall have been
advised and consented to by the Senate."
Here the act of "signing" or "issuing any
letter in respect of an appointment''' contrary
to the statute is indictable. But the '* signing"
of an " order of removal" is not indictable.
The issuing of the order for the removal of
the Secretary of War is not indictable. The
first article of impeachment charges no indict-
able crime. And yet, sir, it will be voted for,
I have no doubt, by gentlemen here who once
held the doctrinc that nothing was impeach-
able unless indictable. I called attention to
this fact in my remarks a few days ago, and
my position remains uncontroverted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the
attention of the distinguished gentleman, the
chairman of the committee who have prepared
these articles of impeachment, to the form of
the articles. These printed articles have come
into my hands only within the last few minutes,
and I have not yet had time to read them all;
