1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
Mr. WU.SON. The bill which comes to us
from the House of Representatives was passed
to supply au omission m the law granting this
biMmiv. I tulor that law as it stands it a soldier
 'uo entitled to the additional bounty applies
K>r it and the papers are ail made out, ami even
l'..s check is signed and ready so be delivered to
liuu, it he happens to die Ketore he actually
gt'U possession of it his widow or his children
eannot receive the benefit of it. The act will
take at least three years for its execution, and
of coarse dur.ng that time a large number of
fulu.ers emitted to additional bounty will die,
a> tuany have already died, and as the law now
stands their families who are left iu need can-
ik<: o't the benefit of the bounty. The object
of txns bill is to secure the bounty to the lam-
i.ie> of soldiers who are entitled vo it.
1 he House of Representatives passed the
bi.L at the last session, iu July. I had some
di.uUts about the form of it, and went up to
the Department and consulted with Mr. Brod-
head on the subject, and the ameudment pro-
posed bv the committee is in the form that is
sanctioned by the Department as covering
precisely what is needed and is a better form
taun the form of the House bill, more careful
ana guarded both in regard to the rights of the
parties and the safety ot the Treasury. I hope
the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs how much money this will take out of
the Treasury?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell the Senator
how much. In 1S >6 we passed an act giviug
to ail soldiers who had been iu service a
certain time an additional bounty of $100.
lu.s amendment provides that where soldiers
entitled to that bounty who have made appli-
cations for it, have died or shall die before the
actual payment their wives and their chil-
dren shall receive the bounty which they would
have received if they had lived. If these per-
sons ail lived of course they would draw the
bounty. Dying, they leave families, and the
families should receive the bounty, and will do
it under this bill. There must be several hun-
dred thousand men entitled to this additional
bounty, not less than seven hundred thousand,
and it will take three years before all the claims
can be examined and paid. The act has been
in operation now nearly a year and a half, and
the Department have got about half through,
as i understand. There are several hundred,
perhaps a few thousand, of the soldiers entitled
to bounty who have died, and will die, during
that time: and it is thoaght as a matter of
justice, to carry out the original purpose and
intention of the law, that the wives and children
of those soluiers who die and who are entitled
to the bounty should receive it. As I said, the
House passed the bili at the last session, and
I sent it up to Mr. Brodhead, and the amend-
ment has been drawn with a view to cover the
exact case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this amendment
needs an additional explanation, or it will be
found very difficult to construe it so a3 to make
it intelligible and effective. I find that it pro-
vides "that if a person entitled as a soldier
or as he-.r of a soldier" "has died or shall
die before receiving said bounty, it shall be paid
to the heirs of the soldier" so that the amend-
ment provides that if the heir of a soldier dies
the bounty shall be paid to "the heirs of the
soldier. ^ I do not exactly understand that
phraseology, and it may lead to confusion. I
should like to hear from the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs what Explana-
tion he gives of that language.
31r. WILSON. I understand it to mean
this: that where the soldier dies or the soldier's
wife dies before the papers are completed and
the money paid, it shall go to the other heirs
in the order named in the act; that is, to the
father, mother, and children, in order. I
Mr. JOHNSON. Jf I understand the
amendment, the soldier may be dead and the j
particular person living be his heir to whom I
the bounty is to be paid ; but if he dies, or if he
should Imve died after the death of the father,
the bounty is to be paid not to his heirs but to
the heirs, whoever they may be, of the soldier.
That depends upon the laws of the States.
Mr. WILSON. No; the law sets forth
exactly who the heirs are, and this amendment
savs they shall take in the order named in the
law.
Mr. KDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment reported by the committee, in lino
eighteen, by striking out the words "or as heir
of a soldier," so as to make it read "that if a
person entitled as a soldier to the bounty pro-
vided by sections twelve and thirteen," &v.
The object of my amendment is this: I
think the Military Committee is right, if the
original law was right, in providing for the
case of a soldier who dies alter the passage of
the original act, because by the original act it
was provided that the widow, if the soldier
coming within the scope of the law had died, or
if she was dead, the minor children, or if both
were dead, the parents should receive the
bounty; but it did not provide for the case of
a soldier dying after the passage of the act
who was then entitled. But the amendment
proposed by the committee introduces these
words: "that if the person entitled as a sol-
dier or as heir of a soldier shall die," then the
heirs of that heir shall take. The result of
that would be that if the soldier were dead
before the passage of the act, his widow were
dead, his children were dead, and his parents
were dead, his heirs in general would take this
bounty. That is going altogether beyond what
any bounty or pension law ever went before. I
think. My amendment is designed to limit it
to what seems to have been the accidentally
omitted case in the original passage of the act,
to the heir of the soldier himself; and the
original act as it stands will secure it to the
widow and minor children and parents, if they
continue to live. If they all die, then I think
it ought to lapse into the Treasury.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
; The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
COCRT-MARTIAIj PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to submit the
following resolution:
Rrto/ved, That tho Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to the Senate tho pr^ceotlincsof tue gen-
eral court-martial convened at West Point, fiew
York, by special orders, No. 254.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know to
what that refers particularly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that the dis-
position made of sentences found by that court,
it is understood, was such as is calculated to
injure the service, and such as perhaps the law
as it now stands did not authorize, or if it did,
that the law in that particular should be cor-
rected. What it was for I do not know; I
have no means of ascertaining whether it was
a sentence adverse to the cadet or favorable
to the cadet. My own opinion is on the gen-
eral subject of these courts-martial that there
ought to be by law gome further provisions
than are to be found in onr statutes now.
What will be the character of the papers trans-
mitted under this resolution I do not know.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
resolution lie over to-day, and I will inquire
into it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will lie over under
the rule.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yesterday I entered a
motion to reconsider the vote of the Senate
against the resolution which came from the
House of Representatives on the subject of an
adjournment. I wish to call up that motion
now; it may as well be disposed of at this
time as any other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the mo-
tion to reconsider which was made by him.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to have the
yeas and nays on the reconsideration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 think it had better
be reconsidered first, and then it will be on
the table and open to amendment.
The motion to proceed to the consideration
of the sub ject was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on reconsidering the vote by which
the resolution of the House of Representatives
was rejected.
Mr. HKNDRICKS. When tho resolution
was defeated yesterday I thought 1 would not
vote to reconsider. I voted for the resolution
because 1 have observed the fact that there is
never anything done during the holidays, and
it is not worlli while to bo here pretending to
legislate when nothing is done. 1 have always
voted to adjourn over for the holidays. I
thought yesterday that perhaps some Senators
would like to have the adjournment upon my
vote and the votes of some others without
voting for it themselves; but I have changed
my mind on that subject, and am satisfied that
no gentleman could be inlluenccd by any such
notion, and I will vote according to my views
now to reconsider, and then if it is thought bet-
ter to make the adjournment for a shorter time
we can do so. Last year we adjourned from
the 20th of December to the 3d of January.
I would be willing to agree to that now, but it
would be scarcely worth while to meet on Sat-
urday. The 3d, I believe, would come on Sat-
urday. This resolution proposes the 6th. I
do not know that it is necessary to meet much
, before the 6th. It is a matter of no import-
ance to mvself whether it is the 3d or the 6th.
i The Oth, 1 believe, would be Tuesday.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Monday.
I Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not worth while
to meet earlier than that, but I am not particu-
lar about it. I shall vote for the reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot see any necessity
or any propriety in an adjournment over six-
teen days. We have not been here so long that
it has become necessary to go home to see our
friends or to attend to business. A number
of Senators will not go home; they will be
compelled to remain here anyhow. It might
suit the convenience of others to go home.
But if we now adjourn over sixteen days it but
adds sixteen days to the length of this session
next summer when we shall really want to be
at home and when we shall be tired of staying
i here. It really seems to me like trifling to go
I home for sixteen days now after having been
, here so short a time. It seems to me that an
■ adjournment of one week over Christmas and
over New Year would be entirely sufficient.
So far as I am concerned, I should prefer no
adjournment at all; but if it be proposed to
j adjourn from before Christmas to over New
j Year I shall not object to that, but an adjourn-
! ment of sixteen days, during which time there
will be nothing done in committee or any other
way, virtually destroys the usefulness of the
session that has gone before and what we are
now doing. Everything will have to be begun
de novo when we meet again. I think if this
has been the practice it is a practice that would
be "more honored in the breach than in tho
observance." There is much business of great
importance pressing upon this Congress, busi-
ness that ought to be attended to speedily, that
cannot very well bear a postponement of six-
teen days, and I do not think that the public
will justify this course, in adjourning over six-
teen days, unless there is some better reason
given for adjourning over the holidays.
Tho PRESIDEN f pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which this
resolution was rejected.
