1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8tm
State ofNow York, to ascertain the probabilities of a
slack-water navigation between saidpoints for steam-
boats, &c.
The question was taken on tlie amendment
of Mr. Milijju ; and, upou a division, there were
—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
So tlie amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the words " Alenomonee
river, dividing the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan," and inserting the words "Ocontee
river, Wisconsin." The clause in tliissection,
as it now stands, was inserted by mistake.
My amendment is merely for the purpose of
correcting that mistake.
The amendment of Air. Sawyer was agreed to.
Mr. ROOTS. I move to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
At tile White river in Arkansas, from its mouth
to Batesvilie, and the Black river from its mouth to
Pocahontas, in the same State.
This is for a river eight hundred miles long,
and the natural channel of commerce 
Mr. SPALDING-. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The amendment of Mr. Roots was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend this sec-
tion by adding to the first sentence the words
"to survey the Harpeth shoals, on the Cum-
berland river, with a view to the improvement
of said river."
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes thirty.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ARNELL called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upou ordering the
yeas and nays ; and, upon a division, there were
five in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment of Air. Abxell was not
agreed to.
Air. AIcKEE. I move to amend this section
by adding to the first sentence the words " at
Big Sandy river, from its mouth to Piketon."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Air. AleCORMlCK. I move to amend this
section by adding to the amendment adopted
on motion of the gentleman from Arkansas
[Air. Roots] the words "and to Poplar Bluff,
on Black river."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. AIILLER. I move to amend the bill
by adding what I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. And be if further eaacted, That the Secre-
tary of War be, and is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause asurvey to be made from the mouth of the
Susquehanna river at the Chesapeake bay to Lake
Ont.ii io, in the State ui'Ncw York, in order to ascer-
tain tlie practicability of a slack-water navigation
for steamboats, &c.
Air. AIILLER. Is this amendment debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. After the pre-
vious question has been ordered on the last
section of a bill, all additional sections are
regarded as amendments to that section.
Mr. AIILLER. I ask unanimous consent
to have a memorial read.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Air. AIILLER. Aly amendment does not
call for any appropriation.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The amendment of Air. Miller was not
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to the
bill.
Air. ELIOT. 1 call the previous question
on the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon the engrossment of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Air. Washbcrxe] has reserved the right
to demand, under the rule, a separate vote on
each item of appropriation contained in the
first and third sections of this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Air. Eijot] what
amount of money is appropriated by this bill
as it now stands ?
Air. ELIOT. As originally reported by the
Committee on Commerce, about four million
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
Air. RANDALL. How much has been added
by the House?
Mr. ELIOT. I have not the aggregate of
the figures ; I should say from one hundred and
fifty to one hundred and seventy thousand dol-
lars.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How does
the gentleman make out only $4,000,000?
Air. RANDALL. Does the gentleman in-
clude in his statement the Louisville canal
bonds?
Air. ELIOT. Thev are not included.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. That makes
the amount over six million dollars.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted lo
Air. Polsley.
Leave of absence was granted to Air. Ran-
dall for one week after Thursday next.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Bingham.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Haight
for ten days after to-morrow.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Air. Eldhidgb after Wednesday next.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Air. Woodward after Tuesday next.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Air. Humphrey" after Wednesday next.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Air. Kerr after Thursday next.
Air. NIBLACK. I ask leave of absence
after Tuesday next.
Air. AIAYNAliD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Air. Niblack] inform us how long he
expects to be absent?
Mr. NIBLACK. That depends very much
on circumstances.
Leave was granted.
Air. TRIAIBLE, of Kentucky, asked and
obtained indefinite leave of absence after to-
day.
Mr. BARNES and Mr. GROVER asked
and obtained indefinite leave of absence after
Wednesday next.
Mr. BECK asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence after to-morrow.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Air. Speaker, I desire
to inquire how far the members now in attend-
i ance exceed a quorum?
The SPEAKER. Considerably more than
a quorum are in attendance.
Air. ELDRIDGE. Ifgentleman on the other
side think they cannot get along without us,
they had better adjourn over. Wre want to attend
the Democratic convention.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLAIAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (S. No. 522) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Andrew S. Core.
kiyer and harbor iull.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the river and harbor bill. In
accordance -with Rule 121, relating specially
to bills making appropriations for internal
improvements, a separate vote may be de-
manded on the engrossment of any item. The
portions of the bill on which a separate vote is
not demanded will be regarded as ordered to be
engrossed. The Clerk will report the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
a separate vote on the engrossment of the fol-
lowing clause:
For improvement of the Wisconsin river, $-10,000.
On a division, there were—ayes 48, noes 42.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tlie question was taken; and itwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas G3, nays GO, noi voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Roderick B. Butler,
Churchill, Cobb, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eggleston, E!drid;:<\ Eliot. Ferry, Garfield, Harding,
Hawkins. Higby, Hinds, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, lu-
gersoll. JcncKcs. Loan, Loughridge, Maynard, Me-
Clurg, McICee, Miller, Moorh end, Mull ins, Newcomb,
Niblack, O'Neill, Paiuo, Pcrham, Peters, Pike. Pile.
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Sawyer,
Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble,Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam.Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. CadwaladcrO. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, James 1'. Wilson, and
Windom—03.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Bailey. Baker,
Bcatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boutwell,
Bromweli, Buekland, Cary, Coburn, Cullorn, Delano,
Eckley, Eia, Earnsworth, Eerriss, (letz, G-olladay,
Haight, Holman, Chester D. Ilubbard, Hulburd,
Jones, Julian,Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, UeorgeV.
Lawrence. William Lawrencc, Slallory, Marshall,
Marvin. Mercur. Alorrell, Alycis, Ortli. Randall,
Raum, Ross. Scofield. Shanks. Shcllabarger, Spald-
ing, Aaron E. Stevens, 'i'affe. Taylor, Thomas, Van
Trump, Van Wyck. Ehhu B. Wa«hburne, William
B. Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas Williams, Wi 1 nam
Williams Stephen!?. Wilson, VVoodbx'itlge, and Wood-
ward—110.
NOT VOTTNG—Messrs. .Tames M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman. Beck, Blaine, Blair,
Boles, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr. Benjamin V.
Butler, Cake, Chanter, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cook,Covode, Dawes, Dodge. Fields, Finney,
Eox, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Grriswold, Grovcx, ilai-
sey, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins, A^aliel W. Ilubbard,
Richard I). IXubbard, Hunter. Johnson, Judd, Kelley,
Kerr, Knott. Koontz, Laflin,Lincoln, Logan, Lynch,
McCarthy, McCormick, McCullougb. Moore, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Nicholson. Nunn, Phelps, Polsley,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Schenek. Selye, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taber,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Ward, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—71.
So the clause was ordered to be engrossed.
Air. RANDALL. I think that we have
wasted money enough to-day. 1 move that
tlie House adjourn.
Air. ELIOT. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. We watit to pass this bill to-day
and get it out of the way.
On the motion there were—ayes 53, noes 54.
Air. RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Randall and
Air. Eliot were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes G2.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
Eor improvement of Marquette harbor, Lake Su-
perior, §20,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
a separate vote on the engrossment of that
clause. It will take $3S5,000 to finish that
work.
Air. ELIOT. The work is now under way,
and this appropriation is needed.
On a division there were—aves 54, noes 46.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. EARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to: there being—
ayes 58, noes 65.
The question recurred on ordering the en-
grossment of the clause for the improvement
of Alarquette harbor, Lake Superior.
The question was taken ; aud itwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 49, not voting
70 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos 11. Ashley, Axtell. Banks, Barnes.Beek,
Boles, Buekland, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill,
Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Dixon. Donnelly, Driggs,
Eggleston, Eliot. Earnsworth. Ferry, Gartield, ro-
ver. Harding, Xligby, ilimis, Hotchkiss, Cheater J).
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingerooll, Jenekes, t^rr.
Loan. Lynch, Maynard, MeClnig. McCormick. Ale-
Kce. Sloorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neiil. Paine, Perham, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, ilaum, Robinson, Knots, Sawyei,
walnder 0. Washburn. Henry D. Washburn .gliomas
Williams, James E. Wilson, and ^indom-io
NAYS-Mcssre. Bailey, Baker Bcatty, Benton.
Brouiwell, Benjamin F. Butler. 0nke,Caiy\
Delano, Mdey. Ela. Fernss,
Hawkins. Holman, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kelsoy, Ketchamr Kitchen* George \. Lawrence,
