166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ou that let us have the
yea.s and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
dricks,] who says that we shall not do any-
thing during the holidays. I think it is mani-
fest that we shall not do anything during the
holidays if we adjourn over them every time.
To adjourn over will be a conclusive way
of determining the fact that nothing will be
done. Now, here we are, as is said by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] only
three or four weeks from home, at a time of
the year when there is no malaria, unless it is a
political malaria, and when, if anybody has
any work in him, it is a good time to evolve it.
There are plenty of subjects upon our table
and in committees demanding the attention of
Senators, and if we choose we can give them
the attention that they deserve now; and I
know of no reason why we should adopt the
practice, or continue the practice, if there has
been one, of adjourning from before Christmas
until after New Year. We can adjourn over
Christmas day, and we can work between that
and New Year, and adjourn over New Year's
day, if it is a holiday here, although in my
country New Year's day is occupied by the
courts in administering justice, and by public
bodies who have occasion to do public busi-
ness. But no matter for that; it is very easy
to adjourn over a day and to work the rest of
the time ; but I think it would be setting a very
poor example to the people of the country who
are eager that we should do something to re-
lieve the stagnant and distressed condition of
industry and of commerce for us to fold up
our arms and take a gay holiday of even a week.
Business is ready for our action. If it were
not, if there was nothing on the table, nothing
in committee, it would be very well to adjourn ;
but now is the time, when the weather is cool,
and when we are fresh from our constituents,
and when we are ready to work, to do it; and
I do hope that the Senate will adhere to its vote
of yesterday and reject this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, these mani-
festations of economy and patriotism and in-
dustry are exceedingly refreshing and pleasant,
especially to those of us who have been here
eight or ten years and seen every new mem-
ber that came make similar exhibitions. I
used to make them myself for several years,
as 1 stated to the Senate yesterday. I came
here with the idea that I was going to be par-
tially instrumental in reforming the manners
and habits of the Senate, and that we would be
successful in securing industrious habits here
during the holidays. But after making that
vain effort for four or five years I concluded,
although I was so far removed from home that
it was impossible for me to go home during the
holidays, and I never have done so, that it. was
far better for the public interests that I should
allow those to go home who chose to go than
to let the legislation dribble along in the way
that it always did during the few years that we
continued ostensibly in session.
Now, sir, it is said that the public business
demands our immediate attention. What kind
of public business is itthat weareengaged in?
We are making speeches upon the resolution
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake ;]
vre are discussing the question of neutrality
between Great Britain and Abyssinia. A new
rebellion has broken outin China, and I appre-
hend that some member wiil introduce a reso-
lution declaring neutrality between the emperor
ol China and the rebels who have taken up
arms against him. Is this the kind of legisla-
tion required by the country? Is this the spe-
cies of speeches that we shall continue to in-
dulge in if we remain in session here during
these holidays?
Wha.t is the ^business before the Senate?
 hat is the business before the committees?
understand tbut there is a bill which is pro*
posed to be reported back by the Finance Com-
mittee upon some subject in relation to the
funding of the bonds of this country. Nobody
desires that we shall act upon that before the
holidays. I do not think, for my own part, that
it is desirable that that committee should them-
selves make a report until the public sentiment
of the country shall become a little formed and
consolidated and crystalized in order that we
may know precisely what it is. I am perfectly
content that gentlemen may remain here and
make their speeches on finance and other ques-
tions ; but I am in favor of allowing those men
—and I am not one of them, for I shall leave
the city—who choose to go home in order to
bring their families here and to enjoy the fes-
tivities of the holidays, to have that privilege,
instead of compelling them to remain here and
dribble through the holidays, as I have been
compelled to do, in pursuance of my own vote,
I confess, upon several occasions, and transact
no public business whatever.
There was some reason for this objection to
adjourning when Congress was paid by the day
and we adjourned for ten, twelve, or fifteen
days, drawing eight dollars a day during the
session; but now since we are paid by the
year the public do not care whether we perform
this duty in the month of December or the
month of April.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think they do.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator thinks they do.
I do not believe they do. I believe, and if I
was a constituent I should be thoroughly satis-
lied that Congress would perform its public
duty better in March and April than it would
at this time.
And, Mr. President, it does not do members
of Congress any harm to go home in the lat-
ter part of December and consult their con-
stituents. I have seen men come back to Con-
gress very much invigorated when they re-
turned after an absence of five or six days ;
and I want to give every gentleman who desires,
or who I think needs to be invigorated by
coming in contact with his constituents, an
opportunity to be thus invigorated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I advise my friend from
Iowa to go home on his own speech as soon as
possible so that he may come back invigorated.
He seema to have got very much fatigued in
the three weeks that we have now been at work.
Now, sir, to the serious affair that we are
discussing, because it is serious. I admit that
I do not expect to do much in the way of
legislation ; it becomes the older members like
my friend from Iowa to do that; but 1 want
him to do it. He is at the head of an important
committee—the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. We have not got anything
in the world to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can invite his attention
any afternoon to a great many abuses in that
Department which nobody but he can reform.
1 feel free to say that if he will devote himself
to an investigation of the Navy Department—
and it is not any worse than any other; it is
so in all Governments and all countries—
during the holidays he can report a bill at the
end of them that will save us millions of money
a year. He can cut down the expenditures of
that Department. He can investigate the facts.
He can do great service to his constituents as
well as to mine by working now while there is
an opportunity. That is the fact about it."
It is perfectly idle for us to say that we are
wasting our time by discussing questions of
finance or questions of our foreign relations.
Whatever any Senator thinks it necessary to
bring to the notice of this body, whether it be
the Senator from Missouri, or Michigan, or
Vermont, or Iowa, it is fair and reasonable
should have a respectful hearing at sometime.
It may as well be heard now as at any other
time, I take it, if speeches are to be made. We
shall have accomplished so much ; and speeches
I suppose do not grow short by putting off the
time of their delivery: they do not get much
condensed, I suspect. So that really, speak-
ing in all seriousness about this business, we
are following a delusion when we undertake,
after coming buck here after a summer's vaca-
tion, at the end of three weeks to take two
weeks out of the middle of the winter under
the name of holidays, when everybody knows
that the business of the country except on two
days goes forward in every shop and in every
foundry and in every store and on every farm
exactly as it does at any other time in Decem-
ber and January. It is a pure delusion to talk
about two weeks of holidays. They do not
exist in point of fact. It is true that gentlemen
who have nothing to do and plenty of cham-
pagne and cigars may conclude to make a week
of it, as the saying is ; but the people whom we
represent do not do anything of that kind, and
if we have anything to do, as clearly we have,
we ought not to lose so much time.
Mr. CAMERON. I have generally voted
for these adjournments for two reasons. In
the first place, whether I voted for them or
not they would take place. Then, as I can go
whenever I please any evening and be back the
next day, I think it would be acting unfairly
to gentlemen who live much further from the
seat of Government than I do, who cannot go
home in a day or two, not to grant these
adjournments. Sir, I have a great love and
reverence for these good old Christmas times.
I have had a house of my own for over forty
years and never have I spent a Christmas from
home. Never have I failed to have every one
of my family around me on that day. I brought
first my children, and now I bring my children
and their children, and I would not miss going
home for Christmas for any consideration
except some very high public duty.
There is no doubt that we shall do just as
much business if we adjourn for the holidays
as we shall do by staying here. I believe that
once in my long experience we refused to
adjourn over the Christmas holidays, and then
two, three, or four gentlemen came up here
every day and met and gravely adjourned
and walked down the avenue again ; and they
talked about Congress having not adjourned
that time and how much money it hud saved.
We shall not save a cent, by continuing hern.
Besides, sir, I agree very much with the Sen-
ator from Iowa on the subject of information
upon the great question that is now agitating
the country—that of the revenue, of the cur-
rency, and of our public debt. I think the pub-
lic mind is not properly formed upon that sub-
ject. I require information, and to get that in-
formation I desire to have time. I, for one,
am willing and determined to devote as much
time to those great questions as any gentleman
here can ; and never will I agree to any legis-
lation which shall not provide for paying fully
every cent of money which we promised to pay
during the troubles of our war, and paying it in
the currency of the world. 1 believe the pub-
lic thinks well on this subject, but yet there is
some difference, and I want time for that dif-
ference to concentrate upon the right point.
I am for the adjournment now ; I do not care
whether it is for a week or two weeks. I do
not think the shorter or longer time will mako
a bit of difference to the public.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I voted against this
resolution because I thought an adjournment
of sixteen days was too long. In doing so,
however, I did not commit my judgment to
vote against what 1 deem a reasonable adjourn-
ment for the holidays. I believe that an ad-
journment has been in accordance with the
ordinary practice of Congress, and in mv expe-
rience I have never known where the adjourn-
ment was refused that it amounted to any
practical good. Practically the Congress is
not in session during the holidays, whether
we resolve to adjourn or not; the quorums are
not here; members areabsent from the House
and the Senate. On my first entrance into the
Senate I felt very much like my honorable
friend from Indiana [Mr. Morto.v] and my
honorable friend from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
monds,] disposed to oppose an adjournment
over the holidays, but I find from experience,
what 1 doubt not they will find in an experience
of eight or ten years, that practically there
