516
SUPPLEMENT TO
when tliis temporary and frenzied excitement
shall have passed away, as pass it will, and
when men shall carefully review this case and
all the evidence given on this trial, their sur-
prise will be not that a few Republican Sen-
ators can rise above party prejudice and refuse
tt> be driven from their clear convictions by
party furor, but their utter astonishment will
be, that any respectable Senator should ever
for one moment have entertained the thought
of convicting the President of the United States
of a high crime or a high misdemeanor upon
the charges and evidence produced upon this
trial.
HON.
OPINION
OF
JOHN B. HENDERSON.
On the 21st day of February last the Presi-
dent of the United States issued an order
directed to Edwin M- Stanton, Secretary of
War, declaring that Stanton thereby was re-
moved from his said office, and his functions
as Secretary would cease on receipt of the
order.
On the same day he issued and delivered
to Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant General of the
Army, a letter of authority to act as Secretary
otWar adinterim, in place of Stanton removed ;
Stanton being directed to transfer to Thomas
all the records, books, papers, and other prop-
erty of the Department.
These two acts of the President, varied only
in the form of the charges, constitute the chief
offenses contained in the first eight articles of
impeachment. It is true that the fourth, fifth,
sixth, and seventh articles charge an unlawful
conspiracy between the President and Thomas
to put Stanton .out and get Thomas in, and
some of these articles charge that the President
designed to carry out this conspiracy by force
and violence.
Waiving for the present all questions touch-
ing the technical sufficiency of the charges, as
well as the weight and sufficiency of the evi-
dence adduced to support them, I will first
inquire whether the President could legally do
what he intended to do by issuing the orders.
In my view of the law, the first and only
realiy important question to be settled is this:
could the President lawfully remove Mr. Stan-
ton as Secretary of War on the 21st day of
February last? I am aware that the other ques-
tion has been discussed at great length, and
not without much learning, to wit: could the
President, even admitting his power to remove
Stanton, make an ad interim designation to fill
the vacancy thus created, until an appoint-
ment could be regularly made?
I think that to answer the former propo-
sition furnishes a full answer to the latter. If
the President could not remove Stanton, then
there was no vacancy to be filled by the desig-
nation of Thomas. If he could legally remove
Stanton, a vacancy was created which under
the laws as they existed on that day could be
filled by this ad interim, appointment.
As the two questions are so intimately con-
nected, I may examine them together, and I
.proceed to show that the President possessed
the ^undoubted power, under the laws of Con-
gress', to remove Mr. Stanton on the day he
'attempted to du so by issuing the order. This
is th§ opinion that I have entertained at all
and which I repeatedly avowed, both
before and after the passage of the tenure-of-
,oiHce;biH„
The Cpnstjtution "vests the executive
jjower " in- th,e President, He is sworn faith-
fully to '' execute the office of President," and
that lie wijl "preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the,TJnited States.'' A part of
ft-he" executive power expressly placed in his
ands is thafe " he shall take care that the laws
& faithfully executed." The Constitution is
silent as to the power of removing officers. It
proyides fo,r their appointment by nomination
by the President with the advice and consent
of the Senate. But if the Senate should not be
j| in session when a vacancy shall " happen," it
j is provided that the President may " fill up "
I such vacancy—
I " By granting a commission, which shall expire at
! the end of their next senior ; hut the Congress inay
j by law vest tho appointment of such inferior officers
j] as they think proper in the President alone, in the
: | courts of law, or in the heads ol Departments."
It will be observed that ample provision is
made for the filling of offices, but no express
provision is made for vacating them. It is
made the duty of the President to " execute "
the laws, and he can only do it through the
officers provided by law for that purpose. If
they become corrupt, or incompetent or refuse
to execute the law, there is no express remedy
named in the Constitution except the impeach-
ment process. The impeachment clause, it was
at once seen, was wholly inefficientas a remedy.
The offices of Government would, in the natu-
ral course of tilings, become so numerous as to
occupy the entire time of Congress in trying
the delinquencies of incumbents. And unless
the offending officer could be removed by some
other means, the Government might be brought
into the greatest possible danger if not entirely
overthrown by the treason and corruption of
high officials, during the recess of Congress or
even during its session, but before an effective
remedy could be applied.
Therefore it is that this question of removals
from office challenged such early attention and
was so ably and so exhaustively examined by
the First Congress which met under the Con-
stitution. Many of the men who assisted in
framing the Constitution were in this Congress
atfil participated in the debate. The first
ofliees created by this Congress were the Secre-
taryships of Foreign Affairs, of War, and the
Treasury ; and the questions debated were the
power of the President under the Constitution
to remove these officers at his will and pleasure,
and the necessity and propriety of so declaring
by law. 'The House of Representatives, under
the lead of Mr. Madison, by a large majority,
and the Senate, by the casting vote of John
Adams, decided that the power of removal
existed in the President by virtue of the Con-
stitution itself. All agreed that officers must
and should be removable in some way other
than by impeachment. Some of the members
said the power was in the President alone;
others contended it rested in the President and
Senate, precisely as did the power of appoint-
ment.
I am aware that some persons now insist
that the result of the votes establishing these
^Departments, in the First Congress, was not
such as to indicate a constitutional construc-
tion in favor of the presidential power of re-
moval. I think otherwise. I am satisfied that
a careful examination of the debate and the
conclusion arrived at by the votes, will con-
vince any unprejudiced mind that the First
Congress clearly and explicitly conceded this
power to the President as a constitutional
prerogative which could not be limited or
controlled by law. Whatever we may urge
against this conclusion as a correct exposition
of the Constitution, we cannot well doubt that
such was the conclusion arrived at.
Judge Story, iri his Commentaries on the
Constitution, Chancellor Kent in his work on
American Law, theSupreme Court ofthe United
States, and the most distinguished of our states-
men, at all periods from that dayto this, admit
that the decision of the First Congress was such
as I have stated it. Many of them think the
conclusion was wrong, but the fact itself is a
part of the history of the country. But whether
this First Congress was right or wrong in its
construction of the Constitution amounts to
but little as I view this subject, except as it may
tend to interpret and explain its legislation.
Let it be kept in mind, while we refer to these
laws, that they were passed by men who believed
that the power of removing all appointed offi-
cers, except judges of the Supreme Court,
who held by fixed tenure, was vested in the
President by the Constitution and could not be
withdrawn by law. The power of appointing
their successors was in the President and Sen-
ate, and the exercise of this power, they thought,
could be regulated by law. Believing that they
could not take away the power of removal, if
they desired, they were yet further clearly of
the opinion, and so expressed themselves, that
Cabinet officers should, and must, necessarily,
j be removable at the will of the President, he
! being responsible for their acts.
j On the 9th of August, 1789, the act was
; passed creating the War department. The first
j section of the act declares that, the Secretary—
! "Shall perform and execute such duties as shall
i from time to time be enjoined on or in tra iled to him
i by tho President ofthe United States, agreeably to
the Constitution relative to military commissions or
; to the land and naval forces, ships or warlike stores
I ofthe United States, or to such other matters respect-
! ing military or naval affans as the Pi evident of the
United States shall assign tosaid Department," &c.
And, further, that the Secretary—-
" Shall conduct the business of the said Department
insuch manner as the President of the United States
shall from time to time order and instruct."
The second section provides for a chief clerk
to the Secretary, who—
"Whenever the said principal officer shall here-
moved from otlico by tho President of the United
States, or in any other case of vacancy, shall, durini?
such vacancy, have tho charge and custody of all
records, books, and papers of the Department."
On the 27th of July preceding, the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs had been established
with precisely similar provisions, and on the
2d of September following tho Treasury De-
partment was established with the same pro-
visions, except that if'the Secretary should be
removed by the President, or a vacancy other-
wise occur, the Assistant Secretary, who was
really clerk, should have charge during the
vacancy. Now, whether I look to the words
of these acts, to the contemporaneous history
of their passage, to the subsequent construction
given them by our statesmen and jurists, or to
the action of the Government under them, 1
am forced to the conclusion that whatever may
be the President's constitutional power in the
premises, the power to remove these officers
absolutely is given to the President by the laws
themselves, and was so intended at the time.
Th 'Departments are called Executive Depart-
ments. They are required to conduct their
affairs as the "President shall order or in-
struct," and he is authorized to assign them
duties not specified in the acts, which duties
shall be discharged "in the manner directed
by him." He is clearly responsible for their
conduct, and each one of the acts provides in
terms that he may remove the officer at any
time, and the acts designate who shall succeed
them in case of removal or other vacancy.
In this state of the law it will be observed
that no possible difference can exist in the suc-
cession, whether the removal or other vacancy
should occur during the reccss or session of
Congress. In the cases of the State and War
Departments, the chief clerk, and in that of the
Treasury Department, the Assistant Secretary,
must succeed by virtue of the law.
And under such circumstances why should
the power of removal be confined to the recess
of the Senate and be dormant during the ses-
sion? No matter when the removal is made
the same person takes the office. If made in
recess he will hold on during the succeeding
session, unless the President should see fit to
make a new nomination, and the Senate should
confirm. If made during the session, the suc-
cessor fixed by law holds during that session
and through the coming recess, if the President
so wills. Hence it seems clear that so far, at
least, as these Cabinet officers are concerned,
there is no foundation for the pretense that
the President may remove, as General Jack-
son did in the case of Duane, and as otber
Presidents have done without question, during
the recess, butcannotremove during the session.
There is no possible reason for the distinction,
and in the absence of any such reason I take it
the distinction itself does not exist. Let it
be remembered that the law was made by men
who admitted that the President could remove
by virtue of the Constitution and independ-
ently of the law. They so worded the law'as
merely to conform it to the Constitution, as
