1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
but I find that in the first article it is alleged
that the President—
"Did unlawfully and in violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, issue an order in
writing for the removal of Edwin M. Stanton. from
the office of Secretary for the Department of War."
Issued an order for the removal! To whom
did he issue the order? It is aowhere alleged
that he delivered the order or caused it to be
delivered to anybody. Sir, it is not enough
that he should have issued such an order to
some unauthorized person. It must bo shown,
I submit to the committee, that the order was
issued to some person in such a way that it
might by possibility have some effect, or that
it was issued with a purpose that it should have
the effect apparently designed on its face.
The concluding portion of article one, refer-
ring to the order for the removal of the Secre-
tary of War, is in these words :
" Which order was unlawfully issued with intent
then and there to violate the aet entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2,1867, and contrary to the provisions of said act,
and in violation thereof,and contrary to theprovisiotis
of the Constitution of the United States, and witlioutthe
advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States, the said Senate then and there being in ses-
sion, to remove said Edwin M.Stanton from the office
of Secretary for the Department ol War, whereby
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
did then and there commit, and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office."
This alleges that the order was issued:
1. With intent to violate an act of Congress.
2. Contrary to said act.
3. Contrary to the Constitution.
4. Without the advice and consent of the
Senate to remove said Stanton.
That is the Senate did not consent to the
removal.
Now, sir, if it was averred that the order
was issued with intent to remove the Secretary
of War, that would be sufficient. But without
such averment there should be an allegation
of the delivery of the order, or of a purpose to
deliver it to some one for an unlawful purpose.
I hold the allegation of intent to violate the
statute unnecessay; but if proper it is equally
appropriate to make a similar averment as to
the purpose to violate the Constitution. Let
the article be unique in its averments. It will
be observed that in the second article there is
an averment of the "issuing to said Lorenzo
Thomas " of the order as to him.
In article three there is an averment that
the President appointed Lorenzo Thomas
"while the Senate of the United States was
then and there in session."
The language of the Constitution is:
" The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions which shall expiie
at the end of their next session."
Now, sir, I submit to the chairman of the
impeachment committee it is better to strike
out the words "while the Senate, &c., was in
session," lest it might be claimed that they
relate to an actual session. I would adopt in
lieu of these words the expression, "when
there was no recess of the Senate."
In fact, sir, I suppose it is an unnecessary
averment, and therefore surplusage since the
sessions of Congress are public facts of which
the Senate and all courts take judicial notice.
These suggestions have occurred to me, and I
submit them with deference to the committee.
There is, as it seems to me, much unnecessary
formality in the articles; but if this formal
mode of pleading is to be adopted let it be in
the best possible form. It is well understood,
however, that the same strict rule of pleading
does not prevail in eases of impeachment as
in criminal proceedings in ciiniinal courts.
I have already said that the crimes charged
itif* these articles are sufficient to impeach the
President.
I have taken some pains to ascertain the
opinions of members of this House, and I think
there are but few, even among those who voted
against the impeachment of the President in
December last, who entertain the idea, or now
hold that he must be guilty of an offense indict-
able, either by the common or statute law, to
render him liable to impeachment. Such a
doctrine is at variance with the whole theory
and practice in cases of impeachment.
Officers are impeachable for high crimes or
misdemeanors. A crime is an act committed
or duty omitted in violation of law. Bat there
are various kinds of laws. We have statutes
enacted by Congress defining crimes to be
tried and punished by civil courts. We have
military law which is either prescribed by stat-
ute or by the common law of nations. Dur-
ing all our wars, and in the Army and Navy,
even in time of peace, military tribunals and
courts-martial try offenders against the com-
mon military law. Very few of the offenses
are defined by statute. So parliamentary law
has its high crimes and misdemeanors, and no
legislative body, in any country, ever enacted
a statute to define an impeachable offense. It
is rather late in the nineteenth century to say
that the whole world has been wrong and that
a new discovery has been made hitherto un-
known.
The Senate, as to its jurisdiction over im-
peachable crimes, is like military tribunals,
which by the Constitution have a military com-
mon law jurisdiction over military offenses.
These tribunals have a jurisdiction over mili-
tary offenses not defined by any statute, and
which, like impeachable offenses, are indefin-
able by statute. They rest in the judgment of
the tribunal, regulated by usage and the law
of nations. Thus when the assassins of Pres-
ident Lincoln were tried by a military com-
mission, appointed without any act of Congress
to authorize it or give such tribunal jurisdic-
tion, Attorney General Speed decided the tri-
bunal legal, and their jurisdiction authorized
by the common military law or law of nations.
The Attorney General, in his opinion of July,
18ti6, said:
"A military tribunal exists under and according
to the Constitution in time of war. Congress may
proscribe how all such tribunals are to bo constituted,
what shall be their jurisdiction and mode of proce-
dure. Should Congress fail to crcate such tribunals,
then under the Constitution they must be consti-
tuted accoiding to the laws and usages of civilized
warfare. Theymay take cognizance of such offenses
as the laws of war permit: they mustiiroceed accord-
ing to the customary usages of such tribunals in time
of war, and inllictsuch punishments as are sanctioned
by the practice of civilized nations in time of war.
I do not think that Congress can. in time of war or
peace, under this clause of the Constitution, creato
militaiy tiibunals fur the adjudication of offenses
committed by persons not eit'gaged in or belonging
to such forces. This is a proposition too plain for
argument. But it does not follow that because such
military tribunals cannot bo created by Congiess
under this clause that they cannot be created at all.
Is there no other power conferred by the Constitu-
tion upon Congress or the military under which such
tribunals may be created in time of war?
"That the law of nations constitutes a part of the
laws of the land must be admitted. The laws of
nations are expressly made laws of the land by the
Constitution, when it says that' Congress shall have
power to define and punish piracies and felonies
committed on the high seas and offenses against the
laws of nations.' To define is to give the limits or
precise meaning of a word or thing m being; to
make, is to call into being. Congress has power to
dcline, not to make, the laws of nations; but Con-
gress 1ms the power to make rules lor the govern-
ment of the Army and Navy. From the very face
of the Constitution, then, it is evident that the laws
of nations do constitute a part of the laws of the
land. But very soon after the organization of the
Federal Soverninont Mr. Randolph, then Attorney
General, said: ' The law of nations, although not
specifically adopted by the Constitution, is essentially
a part of the law of the land. Tts obligation com-
mences and runs with the existence of a nation,
subject to modification on some points of indiffer-
ence.' (See Opinions Attorney General, vol. 1, page
27.) The framers of the Constitution knew that a
nation could not maintain an honorable place among
the nations of the world that does not regard the
great and essential principles of the law of nations
as a part of the law of the land. Hence Congress
may define those laws, but cannot abrogate them,
or, as Mr. Randolph says, may 'modify on some
points of indifference.'"
The term 11 misdemeanor'" covers every act
of "misbehavior," in the popular sense.
"Misdemeanor in office and misbehavior
in office mean the same thing." (7 Dane's
Abridgement, 305.)
Misbehavior, therefore, which is a mere ne-
gation of " good behavior," is an express limi-
tation of the office of a judge.—(See North
American Review for October, 18G2.)
Alexander Hamilton, in discussing the judi-
cial "tenure of good behavior" and the rem-
edy in eases of " judieiary eneroaehmehts on
thelegislative authority" by pro-nootieing laws
unconstitutional, says:
"It may, in the last place, be observed that the
supposed danger of judiciary encroachments on the
legislative authority, iihich has been, upon many oc-
casions reiterated, is, in reality, a phantom. Partic-
ular misconstructions and contraventions of the will
of the Legislature may now and then happen, but
they can never be so extensive as to amount to an
inconvenionce, or in any sensible degree to affect
the order of the political system. This may bo in-
ferred with certainty, from the general nature of tho
judicial power; 1'iom the objects to which it relates;
from the manner in which it is exercised; trom its
comparative weakness; and from its total incapa-
city to support its usurpations by force. And the
infcrcnco is greatly fortified by the consideration ©f
the important constitutional check which the power
of instituting impeachments in one partor the legis-
lative body, and of determining upon them in the
other, would give to that body upon the members of
the judicial department. This is alone a.complete
security. Therenevercan bedangerthat the judges,
by a series of deliberate usurpations on the author-
ity of tho Legislature, would hazard the united re-
sentment of tho body intrusted with it, whiie this
body was possessed of the power to punish them for
their presumption by degrading them from their sta-
tions. While this ought to remove all apprehensions
on the subject, it aflords, at the same time, a cogent
argument for constituting the Senate a court for tho
trial of impeachments."—Federalist, No. 81.
Impeachment is not merely nor necessarily
punitive only, but it may5 and often must be,
protective. The safety of tlie public may de-
mand its exercise in cases where there has been
no intentional "wrong but only a mistake of
judgment. The Republic cannot be suffered
to perish or its great interests to be put in
peril, from any tender regard for individual
feelings or errors.
Impeachment proceedings may be regulated
also by law. If the Senate does not ex neces-
sitate and by the common law of its organi-
zation have the power of arrest pending an
impeachment, it can certainly be authorized by
law. The House has the power to prefer arti-
cles of impeachment and the Senate has the
power to try them.
Congress has power—
"To make all laws which may be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution " * * *
* "all powers vested by the Constitution" *
* * * "in any Department of the Gov-
ernment."—Const., Art. 1, sec. 8.
The arrest of a party pending impeachment
is a legitimate proceeding to secure a speedy
trial, to subject the offender to punishment and
to make the judgment effectual. And it is
well settled that—
" If the end be legitimate all the means which are
appropriate and not prohibited may constitutionally
be employed to carry it into effect."—4 Wheaton Re-
ports, 316; 5 Elliott's Debates, 492; Martin vs. Hun-
ter; 1 Wheaton, 325; 2 Story on Constitution, sec. 1288.
"It rests with Congress to determine the means
proper to be adopted."—7 Jloioard, 1, &c.; and see
on this subject Tiffany'8 Treat itd on Government and
Constitutional Law, Albany, 1807 ; x>a$zim 
The Seriate has the power as a court to arrest
and hold in custody the party accused pending
an impeachment. This is the recognized prac-
tice in England, whose system we adopted.
The Commons demanded that Clarendon be
sequestered from Parliament and committed.
(6 Howell's State Trials, 395.) Lord Strafford
was sequestered in 1641. (2 Nalson's Collec-
tion, 7 j see 11 Howell's State Trials, 783.)
And so the framers of our Constitution held.
Mr. Madison said:
"There is one security in this case to which gen-
tlemen may not have adverted; If the President be
connected in any suspicious manner with any per-
sons, and there be grounds to believe he wili shelter
himself, the House of Representatives can impeach
him; they can remove him if found guilty; they can
suspend him when suspected, and the power will
devolve on the Vice President. Should he be sus-
pected also, he may likewise be suspended till he be
impeached and removed, and the Legislature shall
make a temporary appointment. This is a great
security.''—Dt bates of the VVymiaOonveitf ion, printed
at the Enquirer press for Riehey, Worsley & Augus-
tine Davis, 1805, pages 353, 354.-6 AmSican Law
liegistcr, 653, note.
This power has been exercised in the United
States:
"In tho case of Senator Blount under impeach-
ment, the Senate ordered him to be taken into eus-
, tody, and afterward committed him to the friendly
! custody of Ms bail. This, of course, incapacitato a
| Senator for further duty till he was released."
i In case the President should be thus taken
