1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Acting Commissioner of Agricidiure.
Ho. of Peps.
ply of breadstuff's, with a surplus sufficient to
prevent the operations of speculators, a faiiure
to supply a foreign demand need occasion few-
regrets among the true friends of agriculture,
for grain growing for export is unquestionably
the most illusory and least remunerative of
agricultural operations : and its worst feature
is the exhaustion of the soil which inevitably
follows its culture in undue proportion to stock-
raising. Western farmers are finding true the
remark of the late Hon. Henry L. Ellsworth,
made twenty years ago, that "the profits of
wheat appear well in expectation, on paper,
but the prospect is blasted by the appearance
of insects, bad weather in harvesting, or trans-
portation to market, or last, a fluctuation in the
market itself;" and many are inclining to the
belief of Lord Brougham, " that grazing coun-
tries are always the most prosperous, and their
population the most contented and happy.
TIIK POLITICS OP AGRICULTURE.
The modest reserve and quiet independence
of our rural population have heretofore barred
the great interest of agriculture from its proper
prominence in the legislation of the country;
while other interests, more active and clamor-
ous. with the advantages of association, abun-
dant means, and concentrated effort, have often
secured special protection at the expense of the
farmer. Unfortunately this disinclination to
self seeking and lack of ambition for public
station result too generally in the selection
from towns and cities of national legislators
from other avocations, some of whom have lit-
tle knowledge of the peculiar wants of the farm-
ing class, and many others may have connec-
tion with other interests that may be brought
into frequent antagonism with those of agricul-
ture. Farmers are learning their power and
are beginning to exercise it in self-protection,
if not for their own advantage; and their inter-
ests are now more clearly understood and more
fully represented in legislative councils than
at any former period.
RAILROADS.
The railroad interest has secured, among
other favors and franchises of the Govern-
ment, grants of public land, amounting to
one hundred and eighty-four million aeies, in
aid of lines extending in all directions, to the
borders of civilization, under plea of furnishing
facilities for travel and the transportation of the
fruits of agriculture and the products of mines:
and the results have been seen in extended set-
tlement and expanding cultivation ; yet grow-
ing stronger, disregarding the general welfare,
these monopolies have combined in their tariff
of rates to discriminate unfairly against farm
products, and to require much the larger por-
tion of the value of the crops for their trans-
portation to market. So onerous is this bur-
den that the cost of transportation of wheat
from Chicago and other western centers to
the Atlantic cities is greater than from San
Francisco, via Cape Horn, to'the same points.
It is hoped that the attention of rural voters
to this subject may ultimately correct this evil
which proves so serious a drawback to their
industry; but it can only be accomplished by
untiring vigilancc over State legislation and
by securing the enactment of laws that shall
restrain these corporations from the absoip-
tion of the entire products of the farm, instead
of allowing them to control the legislation of
the country against the best interests of the
people, and especially to the detriment of the
consumer, who is made to pay tribute to this
combination which breaks down a fair compe-
tition incidental to all other classes and asso-
ciation;; in the business of life.
in this connection I desire to express the
hope that Congress may devise and perfect
some plan for facilitating the early construc-
tion of a ship-canal for the transportation of
western products from the lakes to the ocean,
or for the building of a double track freight
railway, open to all, forwarding on equal
terms and supported by an equitable system
of tolls.
THE WOOL IXTKEE8T.
The wool-growing interest, involving a cap-
ital of hundreds of millions and underlying the
prosperity of American agriculture in a degree
scarcely appreciated by farmers themselves,
has been saved from threatened annihilation
by the action of Congress in placing a duty
upon the foreign article equivalent to the in-
ternal taxation endured by the wool-growers,
though not until the commercial class, taking
advantage of the tardy progress of the measure,
had inflicted a heavy blow in the introduction
of more woolens in a single year than were im-
ported in three years of the late war. ft is to
be hoped that a premium will never again be
given to foreign production either of wool or
woolens by imposing a higher tax upon Amer-
ican than upon foreign wool-growers, and that
the present moderate and harmonious adjust-
ment, barely saving the two classes of pro-
ducers from loss and consumers from becom-
ing the ultimate prey of foreign monopolists,
may long be undisturbed, even by the threat
of agitation for repeal. Our wool production
is now more than equivalent to two thirds
of a full supply, and with an increase of
worsted wools, already initiated and progress-
ive, and more attention to the finer varieties of
clothing wools, there will scarcely be occasion
for any imports whatever, with the exception
of coarse carpet styles, complete provision for
which exists at a nominal rate of duty. It is
a manifestly false system of political economy
in a nation with a continental domain having
unmeasured resources of annual grow tli running
to waste that sends abroad for the raw mate-
rials of manufacture, and it is scarcely less
unwise in a teeming population, demanding
various employment, to send from the country
these unwrought productions which we are
amply able to manufacture for the markets of
the world.
SOUTHERN AFFAIRS.
The unsettled condition of industry of the
southern States requires the encouraging aid
and friendly recognition of the Government to
restore the people to a state of prosperity and
self-reliance, so essential to the development
of the great resources of that section. There
is every evidence of a fixed and determined pur-
pose of the people to adapt themselves to the
changes produced by the result of the late war.
I am confident that the change in the labor sys-
tem of these States, radical as it has been, will
ultimately prove agreat and permanent benefit,
which none will be more ready to acknowledge
than those affected by it ; and that the least
apprehension of an attempt to revive the sys-
tem of slavery is entirely groundless. By no
means can a settled aud well-grounded con-
viction of this fact be so readily realized as
by promptly and emphatically disabusing the
minds of the freedmen (at present unsettled
and disturbed) of anticipations of dividends of
confiscated estates and the delusions of polit-
ical preferment. With ample protection of his
civil rights and privileges, the increasing de-
mand for his labor, at remunerating wages,
will make his presence r.otonly acceptable but
desirable; antagonism of capital and labor will
cease, aud the laborer of to-day, with the accu-
mulation s of bis indnstiy and economy, becomes
the proprietor of to-moiruw.
A portion of the people have been influ-
enced by more potent cruises for discourage-
ment than political failure anu the change in
the relation; of labor. Reduced to almost
hopeless poverty by the exactions and vicissi-
tudes of war, many thousands of the poor of
these sections, during the early part of the
present year, suffered great distress and abso-
lute want, whieh excited the sympathy of the
benevolent, in the Mor'h, and secured food
supplies for temporary relief.
The distribution, under the special appro-
priation of SSI),000 to be expended in seeds
for these States, was promptly and fully made,
in accordance with the views and intentions of
Congress, through special agents sent through
the southern States, postmasters, prominent
citizens, and the officers arid agents of the
Freedmen's Bureau. Although authorized lat«
in the season, the information received by the
Department has been entirely satisfactory as
to the result produced by this liberal and timely
donation.
These States possess decided natural advan-
tages over the northern and western sections
in their ability to produce every article which
may be grown in the higher latitudes, with the
almost exclusive advantage of producing cot-
ton, hemp, rice, sugar and other products of
j the lower temperate zone. With longer shore
'! lines than any other section of the continent,
' facilities are furnished for coastwise and inland
! navigation to tho whole tide water area, which
i is endowed with a climate peculiarly adapted
: to market gardening, with forests abounding
! in the most valuable timber and waters teem-
I ing with edible fishes and crustacea. Florida
j is destined to be a winter garden, yielding
market supplies to northern cities without a
risk of competition, and oranges, figs, and olives
and other fruits of semi-tropical climes. Be-
tween tide-water and the lower slopes of tho
jl mountains is a region producing wheat of a
!i better quality than that of anysection north of
ij it, the entire range of farm products in great
jj profusion, and such fruits as apples, cherries,
■ 'and grapes with certainty and success. Tho
I mountain region, almost unappropriated and
unknown, at an elevation varying from fifteen
j] hundred to six thousand feet, is the great graz-
|l ing section of North America, sufficient to
' furnish abundant pasturage through the year
i] to miilionsof cattle and sheep. These rrfonnt-
]! ain slopes aie generally free from surface
i; rooks, covered with I'orest growths interspersed
i with grassy glades, and fertile to their sum-
mits. In bodies of thousands of acres these
pastoral areas await the advent of the dairy-
man, the wool-grower, and the herdsman, at
prices not exceeding those of the public lands
of the distant West; and even on the eastern
aspect.of the Blue Ridge, in proximity to rail-
ioad« aud near to great markets, whole coun-
ties together have little more than ten percent,
of their territory in a slate of nominal improve-
ment.
There are grounds for assuming, also, that
this must ultimately become tho great wine-
producing section of tho country ; for observa-
tion and experience fully attest that the higher,
colder, and more humid latitudes will not ripen
I to perfection the wine-producing grape. It
being now a well-settled fact that wine can be
made in this country equal to the best that can
be imported, we have only to select a region
of our great country where the climate is per-
fectly adapted to grape culture to be independ-
ent of the world for our wine supplies.
Examination of the following table will show
the extent of land not included in farms in tho
several States: [See table at the foot of nest
page.]
It will be seen that the southern States vie
with the distant West in extent of unoccupied
lands. They show an area, not in farms,
amounting to nearly three hundred million
acres, neaily two thirds as much more " unim-
proved'1 in farms, and less than seventy-five
million nominally improved, which is but thir-
; teen per cent, of the whole, aud not half of this
' in actual cultivation. It is safe to say that
1 little more than live per cent, of the area of
the South is annually cultivated,
i An imperative and immediate necessity of
I rescinding the cotton tax must be apparent to
; all. The reduction of more than half the
i value of this fiber, in connection with labor
contracts and other expenses upon the basis
of hich prices, is disastrous and disneartenmg
| in the extreme. A tax of twenty per cent.
1 ad valorem upon one of the raw products of
