1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
1551
into custody and disabled from performing the
duties of his office, Congress could by law de-
clare what officer should act as President. The
Constitution declares:
" I.1? case of the removal of the President from office,
or ot hi? death, resignation, or inability to discharge
the powers and duties of the said office, the same
shall devolve on the Vice President, and theCon-
trress may by law provide for the the case of removal,
death, resignation, or inability, both of the Presi-
dent and Vice President, declaring what officer shall
then act as President, and such officer shall act
accordingly untilthe disability be removed oraPres-
ident shall be elected."
Mr. VAN AUKEN. This House but yes-
terday was called upon to vote impeachment
of the Chief Magistrate of this great nation;
and for what? In red-hot haste a committee
report to this House in favor of impeachment,
and this House the next moment is in the vor-
tex of revolution. Time for reflection upon so
grave a subject is denied. The few moments
allowed are grudgingly dealt. The Jacobin
revolutionists in this House fear exposition.
Why this hurry? So grave a subject to be gov-
erned by passion (not reason) is a disgraceful
principle. The President of the United States
is to be hurled from the high and grand office
Wade by our fathers in the Constitution by one
fell blow, while exerting all his ability to hon-
estly defend the Constitution and laws, and by
those who, if parliamentary, trample it under
their feet, deny its authority, and regard it as
"a league with hell and a covenant with
death." And for what this grand march of
destruction? The president of the United
States strives to rid himself of Edwin M. Stan-
ton. This is the whole proposition to-day, and
based on this proposition, and otherseven more
frivolous, we are to vote on articles in mad haste
still—in red-hot haste—let me now ask is so
great a sacrifice to be made for so mean and
miserable a subject? Is the country to be
rocked from center to circumference for so
despicable a man? Is commerce to be para-
lyzed mercantile pursuits abandoned, the la-
borer without toil, and all for the diabolical
purpose to overthrow this form of government?
The President is to be removed for attempting
to remove Edwin M. Stanton.
The .Radicals of this House expect this rev-
olutionary result, and found this expectation on
the following of the President:
Executive Maksion,
Washington, D. C., February 21.
Sir : By virtue of the power and authority vested
in mo as President by the Constitution and laws ot the
United States, you are hereby removed from office, as
Secretary of War, and your functions as such will
terminate upon receipt of this communication.
You will transferto Brevet MujorGenoral Lorenzo
Thomas, AdjutantGeneral of the Army,who has this
day been authorized to act as Secretary of War ad
interim, all records, books, papers, and other public
pioperty now in your custody and charge.
Respectfully yours. ANDREW JOHNSON.
The first inquiry in the minds of all who wish
to have and do justice in the premises, a word
iostin Radical vocabulary, is to find whether the
President had or had not the lawful authority
to do the above. It can be shown by the contem-
poraneous history of the Constitution, by the
unilorui practice of the Government, general
principles of interpretation, and decisions of
the highest judicial tribunals of the country, that
the President had the legal authority, and had
he done less would have beeu derelict of duty.
I claim his unquestionable right from these
stand-points. The Constitution provides, article
2, section one:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
The power of the Executive in this provision
is broad enough to comprehend all powers con-
nected with the departments called Executive
Departments—the subject now under consid-
eration. These Departments are simply official
agents of the Executive, acting under and
through the Executive, aud by him, and for
whose official acts he is responsible. This
broad power must include much and especially
enough to appoint aud remove these heads of
Departments. Were there no provision in the
Constitution on the subject of appointments
but the power vested in the President by the
first section, there would not exist asingle doubt
but the President could, by this power, both
appoint and remove.
But in the same article, section second, part
second, it is provided that the President—
" Shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, &c., and
shall nominate and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors," &o.
* * 4 * " and all other officers of the Uni-
ted States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for and which shall bo established by
law."
The Constitution, it will be seen, grants the
power in general terms, and also will be seen
the power is restricted in certain matters.
In certain appointments the President is re-
strained to have the approval of the Senate,
in others it is not required. It follows, natur-
ally, that a general given grant of power re-
stricted is only restricted so far as the re-
striction is expressed. It will not nor can it
properly be contended and maintained that
restraint on power defeats a grant unless so
expressed. In other woids, a restriction is not
as broad as a grant in the same instrument.
Wefe this so there would be no use for the
grant at all, for it would be taken away by the
restriction. Both might as well be left out
if in different instruments the restriction is a
repeal of the grant.
We are not left to interpretation of the Con-
stitution alone, but Chancellor Kent, in speak-
ing on this subject, says:
"The President is the efficient power in the appoint-
in en to! the ollieers of the government. The appoint-
ment ot the subordinate ofticors of tho Government,
concerned in the administration of the laws, belongs
with great propriety to the Piesidcnt, who is sworn
to sco that tho laws aro faithfully executed, and who
is generally charged with tho powers and responsi-
bilities of tho executive department. The approba-
tion of this Senate with the President in the exercise
of the power (meaning the appointing power) is an
exception to the general delegation of executive au-
thority."
Story says:
"The power to nominate does not naturally or
necessarily include the power to remove," &e.
Again:
"The cower to remove by tho President was never
doubted by those in iavor of the adoption of the
Constitution, but it was uiged as an argument by
those opposed to its adoption."
The Constitution went in full force and effect
on the 17th day of September, A. D., 1787.
On the 16th of June, 1789, loss than two years
after the adoption of the Constitution, when
all provisions and principles, letter and spirit
of the Constitution, were ail luminous in living
light. James Madison, so justly and so long
titled the father of the Constitution, uses this re-
markable language. The Constitution affirms
that the executive power shall be—
" Vested in tho President. Are there exceptions to
this proposition? Yes; there arc. The Constitution
says that in appointing to ofiice the Senate shall be
associated with the President, unless in ease of infe-
rior offices, when the law shall otherwise direct.
Have we a right to extend this_ provision ? I believe
not. If the Constitution has invested all executive
Eower in the President I venture to assert that the
egislaturo has no right to diminish or modify his
executive authority.
"The question resolves itself in this, is the power
of displacing an exceutivo power? I conceive that
if any power whatsoever is in its nature executive,
it is the power of appointing, overseeing, and con-
trolling those who execute the laws. 11 tho Consti-
tution had not qualified the power of the President
in appointing to ofiice bj associating the Senate with
him in that business would it not be clear that he
would have the right, by virtue of his executive
power, to make such appointment? Should we be
authorized m defiance of that clause in the Consti-
tution—'the Executive power shall be vested in the
President'—to unite the Senate with the President,
in the appointment to ofiice? X conceive not. If it
is admitted that we should not be authorized to do
this, I think it may be disputed whether we have a
right to associate them in removing persons from
ofiice, the one power being as much of an executive
nature as the other; and the first is only authorized
by being excepted out of the general rule established
by the Constitution in these words 'the executive
power shall be vested in tho President." t * *
* "And inasmuch as the power of removal is of an
executive nature and not effected by any constitu-
tional exception, it is beyond the roach of the legis-
tivo body."
As the time allowed in this debate will not
permit detailed views held by counsel and court
in the cases adjudicated in the Supreme Court of
the United States, I shall content myself by
referring to the language of the court m ex
parte Hennan, 13 Peters's Reports ; and also to
the views presented in the case of the United
States vs. Gurther, 17 Howard's Reports ; in
both of which this doctrine is expressly held.
It will be seen, therefore, that the President
has the power to remove. That the restriction
in cases of appointment apply only when so
expressed, and when not expressed both the
power of appointment and removal are with
the President exclusively.
_ Mr. Chairman, at this point in this discus-
sion we are met by honorable gentlemen who
claim that the act of Congress of March 2,
1867, provides otherwise. This I deny. The
words of the provision are as follows :
" That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall here-
after be appointed to any such office and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such ofiice until a successor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified."
Except as herein otherwise provided :
" Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of tho
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, shall hold their offices re-
spectively for and during the term of the President
by whom they may have beon appointed, and for one
month thereafter, subject to removal by and witli the
advice and consent of the Senate."
My grounds of denial are: first, this act nor
any other act can contravene the Constitution
of the United States. In doing so it would be
unconstitutional, and therefore null and void.
The enacting part of this section is unconsti-
tutional, for that it enacts that every person
holding any civil office, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such office,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall be entitled -to hold such office
until another is in like manner qualified. To
state it must make it plain to all that it is un-
constitutional. It takes from the President
tho power of removal in all cases except by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
when required in appointment. The Consti-
tution itself, the doctrinc of its framers about
the time, and immediately subsequent, and ex-
pressions of our courts pronounced its uncon-
stitutionality, and it with its supporters must
fall.
But for the purposes of this complaint against
the President, the removal of Edwin M. Stan-
ton, for which the country is to be distracted
by impeachment, by which commerce is to
languish, and by which a crusade is to be made
against a coordinate department of the Govern-
ment, and our present form of Government
destroyed, and Radical consolidation reared
on its ruins, it is of no concern whether or not
the enactment bo constitutional. Edwin M.
Stanton is not within the enactment, but comes
within the proviso to the same, and the tenure
of him and others therein named is fixed, and
the term of each expires in one month after
the end of the term of the President by whom
appointed. Edwin M. Stanton was appointed
by President Lincoln; in 1805 President Lin-
coln died; therefore, by the terms of the pro-
viso itself, the term of this man Stanton ended
nearly three years ago. In law, therefore, a
vacancy has existed from that time until the
21st instant, and from that time and now, so
far as this beast body Stanton is concerned.
The fact that President Johnson suffered him
to remain—it isfonly sufferance—does not alter
the legal status.
However, itis contended, Mr. Chairman, that
the removal could only be made as is therein
provided. If the view be correct, which can-
not be doubted, that in law a vacancy existed,
the argument falls, and the cries of Congress-
shriekers are stilled. In any view, even by
the words of the act. the word " removal," in
eases desired by the President, must be used
the same as the word "nominate" in the
Constitution. The one is the act of the Pres-
ident to make, the other to unmake, an officer,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. In either case the duties, if any, must
be performed, and the President is bound to
see they are performed, therefore an appoint-
