1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
will be an adjournment of Congress during |
those Jays whether the resolution passes or
not; the members will not be here. 1 here-
fore 1 think it better to agree upon some ad-
journment. When the vote on the resolution
is reconsidered gentlemen can consider the
question and fix the time. It seems to me
tliat sixteen days is too long, and that ten days
should be sufficient. It is for that reason that
1 make the motion to reconsider, so that the
Seuate can have the question before them
again and tix a proper aud reasonable adjourn-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. It is possible that after
being here as long as the Senator from
Iowa and some others I may become willing
to embrace every reasonable opportunity for
an adjournment; but, sir, can any Senator
point out either to an old or a new member
any necessity for an adjournment of sixteen
days? \Yhat is the necessity for it? What is
the reason for it? Why had we better waste
sixteen or twenty days at this lime than any
other? I think the argument of the Sena-
tor from Iowa in favor of this adjournment,
that members may go home and become re-
freshed by communing with their constitu-
ents, would be a good argument in favor of
adjourning over at the end of every month.
It seems to me that there is nothing in that
argument. The people now are looking to
Congress and not Congress to the people ; and
the people will be strengthened in their confi-
dence iu Congress if Congress shall address
itself to the business of the nation instead of
adjourning over sixteen days. Why, sir, we
have been holding two or three sessions here ;
we had one in March and April; we had one
in July ; we came back in November, and now
ii i>eems there is nothing to do and we can
afford to adjourn over some sixteen or twenty '
days. The people will fail to perceive any
reason in this, I am very sure.
The Senator from Iowa says that this might
make some difference if the members of Con-
gress w«re paid by the day. I ask him if there |
are not at least one hundred employes about ;
this Capitol who are retained here during the i
session of Congress who are not retained dur-
ing the vacation who will be paid during those
sixteen days, and who will be paid for sixteen
or twenty days longer next summer on account
of this adjournment? These temporary ad-
journments do not deprive these men of their
pay, but inasmuch as they prolong the gen- !
eral session they add just that much to the
expenses of Congress. '
The Senator from Iowa inquires what busi-
ness it is that requires us to be present now on
this occasion. He asks, is it for the purpose
of hearing prosy debates? Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, do you expect to cut off these debates
by adjournments? If you do, you had better
adjourn without day now. You will have these
debates after the holidays. Senators will be
heard, and cannot be prevented from being
heard. If you postpone these debates, there
will be just that much more accumulation of
talk to be had after the holidays. These de-
bates will be had ; members will be heard upon
th ese various questions ; and I say let them go
on now ; it will save just that much time here-
after, and we shall get to the business of the
country sooner. But I submit to my friend
from Iowa that this is a peculiar time; that
there is new legislation pressing upon this
country, perhaps more importunately than at
any former period, and the people are looking j
to us now with an an,xiety with which they
have not looked heretofore, and if, instead of
attending to their wants and endeavoring to
ascertain what shall be done, wo adjourn over I
for sixteen or twenty days, they will not be
satisfied, and they ought not to be.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly well aware
that the people are anxious that there should
be some sort of legislation, especially in re-
gard to internal taxes, and perhaps external
taxes : but the Senator from Indiana ought to
know that we have not the power to acton that
subject. All bills on those questions must
originate in the House of Representatives, who
have sent us this resolution to adjourn for six-
teen days by a majority so large that there
were not adverse votes enough in the body even
to call for the yeas and nays. What, there-
fore, can we do in regard to such legislation
as that ? That is the very kind of legislation
that the people ask us to act upon, and we are
perfectly powerless and cannot act upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. It has been my fortune to have
been a member of Congress during a great
many sessions, and I never have known a ses-
sion that did not continue too long. I am told
that in some countries the family physicians
are paid not while their patients are sick, but
while they are well, and for the length of time
that they are well. I think if there was a rule
adopted that Congress should be paid some-
what upon the same principle it would be much
better for the people and much more accept-
able to them. [Laughter.] My experience is
that the longer the two Houses sit the more
business they do; and if ever the old saying
that ''the world is governed too much'1 has
been verified in any country and by any gov-
erning body, I think that is the experience of
this country with relation to Congress. I think
myself that the people of the country are look-
ing not to Congress to do anything more, be-
cause they have given up the hope of its doing
anything well hereafter. Their complaint is
that Congress has done too much, and greatly
too much, instead of doing too little. I think
that these sessions of Congress in continuing
their length and the industry and diligence
with which they do business are the cause of
the most serious apprehensions to the people
that now possess them. If this Congress will
just set the example, if it was possible now to
pass the appropriation bills, modify the inter-
nal revenue, simplify it, prevent its frauds,
reduce its excessive rates upon articles, and
adjourn sine die, I think the whole people of
America would hail it and thank it for such a
course of action. My honorable friend from
Indiana suggested that if we take this recess,
we had better take a recess every month. I
think we had. I think it would be better for
the interests of the country and more accept-
able to the country if Congress should take a
recess, if necessary, every month.
Mr. MORTON. One word in answer to the
Senator from Kentucky. He only wants a few
changes made. He indorses the present state
of things, as I understand.
Mr. DAVIS. You misunderstand me.
Mr. MORTON. He thinks only a few things
are required to be altered, and then it will be
better for the country for Conrress to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I am satisfied that the people
will alter the present state of things, and I am
content to leave it to them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire merely
to say that I concur with the Senator from Wis-
consin. I voted against the proposition yes-
terday simply because the adjournment pro-
posed was for too long a time. I know from
my own experience that it will be futile to
attempt to retain a quorum of either branch
of Congress from the 26tli of December to the
1st of January; but sixteen days seem rather
a longer stretch than I have ever known to be
taken on such an occasion, and therefore I
shall be in favor, if the proposition should
come up in any way so that I can vote for it,
of reducing the time to ten days, adjourning
from Monday, the 23d of December, to Fri-
day, the 3d of January. I shall therefore vote
for the reconsideration, and if an amendment
reducing the number of days from sixteen to
ten, or something like that, shall be offered I
shall vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
not make two bites of a cherry. There is no
use in our adjourning from Friday the 20th
until Monday the 23d. It certainly is an ad-
journment from Monday for ten days. There
will be scarcely any one here on Monday, and
those of us who, like myself, will spend the
holidays in Washington will be compelled to
come up here without probably meeting a quo-
rum. There is no business pending before the
Senate that is so pressing upon the attention
of the Senate. I know of no such bill. There
are but two or three bills on our table; and by
the constitutional provision which requires that
the House of Representatives shall originate
tax bills we cannot discuss or talk about any
questions of taxation until they come to us
from the House. In regard to other measures
there is no great hurry, and I do not know any-
thing that the Senate can do if they refuse the
House this adjournment.
I suppose the adjournment, proposed is longer
than usual because Christmas comes in the
middle of the week. If we met on Friday
the 27th and adjourned to Monday, and then
from Monday over New Year we should not
practically sit till the Cth of January. This
adjournment proposed is from the Friday be-
fore Christmas until the Monday after New
Year. I do not think it is worth while for us
to amend the resolution. Although I shall
stay here every day during the holidays, I have
voted for this resolution and shall continue to
do so, for I never have known during the thir-
teen years I have been in Congress any good
to result from attempting to keep the two
Houses in session during the holidays. I never
have known a quorum of either House to be
present except during the memorable contest
when Mr. Banks was a candidate for Speaker,
when an attempt was made to continue the
session during the holidays. Generally mem-
bers perhaps are in a happy condition, but
certainly not in very good condition always for
the public business.
I am a great supporter of Christmas. I be-
lieve that mankind need a holiday, and that
great holiday at the close of the year which is
observed by all the nations of Christendom,
by white and by black, by poor and by rich,
when families are united together again, I think
ought not to be broken. I do not desire to see
Congress in session during the holidays. I do
not believe the people desire to see us here,
and I know that if we are here we shall not
be doing any good ; so I shall vote for the
longest time. As the House seem to have
arranged it carefully by adjourning for a rea-
sonable time before Christmas until after New
Year, I think we had better let the resolution
stand as they have sent it to us.
Mr. CONNESS. I have only to add simply
whatever weight one vote may have to what
has been said by the Senator from Ohio. This
idea of undertaking to retrench us by abolish-
ing the holidays because they unfortunately
have no holidays in Vermont—a very excellent
State—1 am not in favor of sustaining. I am
not in favor of being retrenched to that extent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or any other.
Nor, the Senator replies,
No; I said, "or any
Mr. CONNESS.
to any other extent.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
other."
Mr. CONNESS. " Or any other," the Sen-
ator amends. When the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Retrenchment shall bring
his measures here he will be a better judge of
the extent to which I am in favor of retrench-
ing. I shall not object that in the mean time,
while the ordinary festivities that liberalize the
mind and fertilize the soul are carried on, the
honorable Senator shall remain here study-
ing up, studying down, and studying through
everything comprehending retrenchment. I
hope he will, for in that I know he is a master,
and his services will be valuable.
I do not see much economy in the suggestion
made by my friend by my side [Mr. Morrill,
of Vermont] of meeting here on Friday and
adjourning to Monday, in place of giving those
three days to members within which to return
to their homes and join their friends. I was
not here yesterday when the vote was taken on
this resolution. I shall vote for the adjourn-
ment proposed, and now for the reconsidera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
resolution was rejected.
