1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3599
not show that fact. These credentials, if I
heard them read correctly, indicate that the
Legislature of Florida, in the first instance, met
in joint session for the election of a Senator.
I wish that matter to be investigated by the
Committee on the Judiciary. 1 wish it dis-
tinctly understood, though, Mr. President, that
I do not make this motion for the purpose of
interposing any difficulty in way of the admis-
sion of Senators from Florida; all that I want
is that we should see and know what we are
about; that we should know that they are
entitled to admission, and as soon as we know
that fact admit them. I think it is better that
both the credentials and the supposed resolu-
tion of ratification go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I dare say the
Senator from Florida, now on the floor and
awaiting admission, has no particular objection
to having his credentials and this act referred
to any committee of the Senate, if the Senate
sees tit to do so. I believe that step was not
taken in the case of the representatives who
appeared here the other day from the State of
Arkansas. It is not ordinarily done with cre-
dentials which are brought here by the repre-
sentatives of States. It should not be done
except upon some grave doubt as to the pro-
priety of the individuals taking their seats.
The Senate will remember that I have not been
one of those who have hungered and thirsted
for representatives from these southern States.
The two Houses have declared solemnly, how-
ever, that when they did ratify, not as the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex] seemed to
suppose when the fourteenth article became a
partof theConslitution ofthe UnitedStates, but
when these several States by their Legislatures
should ratify the fourteenth article, they should
be admitted an d have the same right torepresent-
ation that New York or any other State had.
I have submitted what I supposed was evidence
that the Legislature of Florida had ratified the
fourteenth article; I have submitted what J. sup-
posed were the credentials of that State attest-
ing the election of the gentleman whose name
is borne on the face of the paper. If Senators
who liafe insisted on having this State admit-
ted at once still say they doubt the right of this
man to represent the State, or doubt the right
of the State to have a representative, I shall
give way to that doubt, and in order to solve
it shall consent to let these credentials and this
act go to a committee; but until a Senator he
does doubt the propriety either of one or the
other. I think you ought to treat it as a State,
and this gentleman as the representative of
that State.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the credentials
do not show that the Legislature of the State
went into joint convention on the first ballot-
ing. They •show that they went into a joint
convention according to the act of Congress,
and therefore it could not have been at first.
The language of the credential is that under
the act of Congress they proceeded in joint
convention to elect Senators ; and if they pro-
ceeded under the act of Congress of course
they voted the first day in separate houses. I
have no objection to the matter being referred
to a committee if we can have an immediate
report. I do not want any unfriendliness man-
ifested when any State comes now to be rep-
resented under our system, and form. I hope
this will not.be regarded as an unfriendly act;
and if it is simply to see that everything is
correct I have no objection to its being referred,
but I want an early report.
Mr. DRAKE. I expressly stated that it
was not unfriendly on my part.
Mr. MORTON. These credentials evidently
refer to the joint convention provided by the
act of Congress to take place on the second
day. Perhaps it was not thought necessary to
set forth that they had met in separate houses
on the lirst day and proceeded to vote, but it
refers only to the joint convention which
declares the election.
Mr. WILSON. They did vote the first day
in separate houses, and made no choice.
Mr. MORTON. The credentials make this
statement:
" In accordance with the provisions of the act of
Congress entitled 'An act to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in Con-
gress,' approved J illy 25,18G6, the Senate and Assem-
bly of theState of Florida, chosen underand by virtue
of the constitution framed in accordance with the
reconstruction acts of Congress, did this day convene
in joint Assembly and proceeded to electa Senator in
the Congress ofthe United States."
Mr. DRAKE. "Proceeded to elect!"
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I suppose they
regarded the declaration or election made in
the joint convention of the Legislature as the
thing to be referred to. It says the election
was held in accordance with the act of Con-
gress. It may have been that there was no
election the first day; the two houses may
not hsve agreed.
Mr. WILSON. That was the case. They
voted separately on the first day, and there
was no choice ; and they then went into con-
vention the next day.
Mr. MORTON. So that that makes the
language perfectly exact and legal in accord-
ance with the act of Congress. If the two
houses fail on the first day, then they come
together in joint convention, and if a majority
of both houses are present they then proceed
to elect according to the old manner of hold-
ing the election. The language is perfectly
correct.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
the act of 1866, relating to the election of Sen-
ators to Congress, is applicable to the recon-
structed States. All these proceedings which
have resulted in "elections, so far as there have
been elections in the recently rebel States,
have been taken under the reconstruction laws,
all of which were passed subsequently to the
general act of 1800, and it is impossible to give
that act a strict application to the state of
things existing in those States. These elec-
tions are had under the reconstruction acts,
and not under the act of 1800, so that I enter-
tain myself no doubt at all as to the right of
one of these rebel States to elect their Sena-
tors according to their own ideas without any
strict reference to the act of I860. Then the
question comes up before the Senate regularly
as to the fairness and propriety of the elec-
tion. We are not bound, and I do not think
those States are bound, by the statute of 1866,
in reference to the election of Senators. But
still I care but very little about the form of the
credentials. What concerns me most at the
present time is the peculiar form of the ratifi-
cation which comes before us. The Legisla-
ture of Florida do not say that they "ratify"
these amendments to the Constitution, but that
they "adopt" them. That is not strictly con-
stitutional language, and I wish to have a ref-
erence of the papers to the Committee on the
Judiciary for the very purpose of calling their
attention to the peculiar phraseology of this
ratification. If it is all right I shall be quite
content to admit the Senators. That is a point
of great importance to me.
Mr. SUMNBR. I will remind my friend,
the Senator from Michigan, that though the
Constitution uses the term "ratify," yet com-
mon usage does use the term "adopt." We
familiarly speak of the "adoption" ofthe con-
stitutional amendment; and I think we may
reasonably conclude that the Legislature of
Florida iti using the common language meant
the constitutional idea. Indeed, I cannot doubt
that they have used language which is opera-
tive for the purpose ; and yet, as a learned
Senator has suggested a doubt on the subject,
I think it is well worthy of inquiry. I agree
with him, therefore, in thinking it better that
this document should be referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee for a report. It is the first
of a series, and we cannot be too careful in
seeing th'at it is right.
Mr. HOWARD. The language ofthe Con-
stitution is, that an amendment " when ratified
by the Legislatures of three fourths of the sev-
eral States, or by conventions in three fourths
thereof," shall become a part of the Constitu-
tion. I am not sure by any means but that
the word "adopted" covers the whole ground ;
but still it is not the constitutional phrase, and
I wish the Committee on the Judiciary to look
into that particularly. While I am up I will
say further that I have observed in the pro-
ceedings of some of the other reconstructed
States propositions containing similar language,
" adopting" the amendment instead of " rati-
fying' it. Perhapsitistantamountto "ratify;"
possibly it is not.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that is the popular
term now.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not the constitutional
terra.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish merely to make
a suggestion as to the economy of time. Sev-
eral Senators prefer a reference of these cre-
dentials. The Judiciary Committee meets in
the morning to-morrow, and can make a report
to-morrow, so that no delay will ensue. I
suggest that as half the morning hour has gone
already on this subject, it might be agreeable
to everybody, as the committee is to meet so
soon, to allow the credentials to be referred
and reported back, as they will be, promptly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have looked at these
papers, and I see no earthly object in referring
them. We may as well act upon them now as
to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. We shall save time at
least by referring them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that we
shall. I do not know that the Judiciary Com-
mittee can satisfy the Senator from Michigan
whether the "adoption" of the constitutional
amendment by a Legislature means its l! rati-
fication" or not. The credentials are here in
due form. I do not see myself why the act of
Congress relative to senatorial elections can-
not apply to States lately in rebellion as well
as any others. It provides for the election of
Senators, and this paper recites that in pur-
suance of that act of Congress these persons
have been elected. We have presented here
in an authentic form the evidence of the ratifi-
cation of the constitutional amendment. Now,
what is the Committee on the Judiciary to
inquire into? Has anybody suggested any-
thing? The Senator from Michigan has sug-
gested that the "adoption" by the Legislature
ofFloridaofthe constitutional amendment may
not be a "ratification" of it. It that is the
opinion of the Senate, I do not think it can
be changed by a report. It seems to me we
may as well dispose of this subject now as to
refer it. I see nothing in the world to be made
by referring these papers. The only object of
referring the papers is to inquire into some-
thing. There are no facts here to be inquired
into which are not perfectly open to the whole
country. Everybody knows the condition of
Florida and the terms of the act we have re-
cently passed. I think we had better dispose
of the question now.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, this is one
of those questions in regard t.o which time is
a matter of no consequence. The question is,
whether a State has complied with the terms
of the act upon which it was to be admitted
into the Union again. I am satisfied in my
own mind, and should so vote now if called
upon, that the resolution which has been pre-
sented here, as adopted by the Legislature of
Florida, is not a ratification of the constitu-
tional amendment.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to this fact: the law, as it stands
now, requires those resolutions or acts of rati-
fication to be deposited in the office of the
Secretary of State ; and most strangely and
unaccountably he is the individual who is to
promulgate the final adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment. The Congress_ of the
United States, according to the law as it stands,
, has nothing to do with declaring the ameml-
| ment adopted or ratified by the requisite
I number of States. He is the individual who
i is to declare the thing and to authorize its
■ publication as a partof the fundamental law
|j of the land, as any gentleman will find who
I! will consult the statutes on that subject. Now,
