1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
ment ad, interim is not only the President's
right but his imperative duty.
The appointment of General Thomas as
Secretary ad interim was his right. His coun-
trymen will hold him harmless. His accuscrs
•will stand accused and, by the people's verdict,
condemned.
Again, the contemporaneous history of this
act, which is made the pretext for this radical
abuse of President Johnson in faithfully exe-
cuting the laws, shows that the makers at the
time never contemplated that the President
did not possess the right and power to remove
in cases such as the present. To prove this
position I refer to the debates on the bill itself,
and by Senators who, in this bill, by their posi-
tions, are for themselves. Senators, and for the
Senate their managers. Senator Buckalew,
one of the managers who declined to concur
in the report, says :
•"These officers, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, have held their offices at the pleasure of the
President; they have been removable at will. Now,
however, they are to have a duration assigned to
their office similar to that which is assigned by tlio
Constitution to the President himself." * * *
"And then, sir, they are to hold their offices for one
calendar month atter the term of the President has
expired, and duringall that interesting period in the
history of anew Administration they are to have con-
trol ot the several Executive Departments, and a new
President coming into otiice is to be lettered with a
former Cabinet,fur this whole period of time while he
is making all the necessary arrangements tor his Ad-
ministration, and is to be piecluded from calling the
men he intends to select to his aid. I see no utility
in any arrangement of this kind, no good to be ac-
complished by it, no reason why we should depart
from past practice on this subject."
Senator Williams says:
"It will bo leuaembered that the House put the
heads ot Departments on thesamcJiooUng with other
civil officers, and provided that they should not at
any timo bo removed without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate." * "The re-
port of the committee is intended to put the heads
of Depaltmcnts upon the same looting with all other
officers named in tiio bill, with this exception, that
their terms shall expire when the term of office
of the President by whom they were appointed ex-
pires. That is the effect ot the provision." * , '
* "* "I will add, that 1 have from the begin-
ning of this controversy regarded this as quite an
immaterial matter," i v :: "for I
have no doubt that any Cabinet miuister who has a
particle of self-respect—and wo can hardly suppose
that any man would occupy so responsible an office
without havingthatfeeling—woulddeclme to remain
in the Cabinet alter the President had signilied to
him thathis presence was no longer needed,"
* ♦ * for j; presume that whenever the Pres-
identsees proper to rid himself ofan offensive or dis-
agreeable Cabinet minister he will only have to sig-
nify that desire, and the minister will retire and a
new appointment bo made."
Senator Sherman, the only other manager,
says:
" I agreed to the report of the conference commit-
tee with a good deal of leluctance. The Senate had
by two deliberate votes declared its purpose not to
make the duration of the Cabinet officers fixed by
any time, but they should hold their oiiices at the
pleasure of the President; and that was the original
design in the creation of their offices." * * *
* "ltake it that no case can arise or is likely to
arise where a Cabinet inini&tei will attempt to held
on to his office alter his Chief desires his removal. I
think that no gentleman, no man with any sense of
honor, would hold a position as a Cabinet officer atter
his Chief desired his removal. The proposition now
submitted by theconference committee is, that a Cab-
inet minister shall hold his office during the life or
the term of the Presidentwho appointed him. If the
President dies the Cabinet goes out; if the President
is removed for cause by impeachment the Cabinet
goes out."
And says, in reply to Senator Doolittle;
"The Senator argues truly that it would not pre-
vent the President from removing the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary
of State. And if I supposed that either ot these gen-
tlemen was so wan ting m manhood, in honor, as to hold
his place after the politest intimation by the Pies-
identof the United States that his services were no
longer needed, I certainly, as Senator, would con-
sent to his removal at any time, and so would we all."
It must be seen, as proven, that in this the
President has committed no crime. The pros-
perity of a nation is in the uniformity of its
practices. This Government has been uni- !
formly conducted, without exception, on the j
right of the President to make removals for a
period of over eighty years. In ail serious-
ness I ask, are alt the safeguards of this nation
to be destroyed without reason, upon the new-
lledgcd doctrine that dead men have terms of
office, advanced on this floor by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts? Is the uni-
form custom of this country from its com-
mencement to be set at naught and this peo-
ple at sea, without example or precedent, to
remove an "impediment to Radical progress,]'
equivalent to governmental overthrow ? Tliis
is the question. A just verdict comes, and has
been coming, from an ever-watchful people,
which says these offenders against their liber-
ties shall be condemned.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Chairman, on the 7th of December last I gave
my vote for the impeachment of the President
of the United States. That vote was dictated
by what I considered a just regard to my convic-
tions of duty and the demands of public inter-
est. For that vote I have no regret, and I
shall certainly indulge in no exultation. I
respect the motives and the judgment of those
gentlemen who now sit around me, and who
felt on that day the pressure of duty in their
action defeating the resolution of impeachment.
If on that occasion I felt regret and disappoint-
ment at the result, the providential course of
events which has since occurred has entirely
reconciled me to the action of the House on
that day. Three months, sir, have not yet
elapsed, yet a like accusation and presentment
against the President has passed this House
by more than a two-thirds majority, and we
sit to-day in solemn deliberation upon the forms
of arraignment in which these grave charges
shall be presented to the bar of that august
tribunal whose members are the judges of the
law and the fact, and from which there is no
appeal.
Mr. Chairman, the issues here made up are
between the people of the United States, the
great political masters of the country, and the
accidental Executive, whom both branches of
Congiess have already designated as the viola-
tor of law. This question, sir, involves the
same great struggle so common to history and
to the progress of human governments in all
ages—the attempt on the part of the Executive
or the ruler to wring from the people their
natural rights and their reserved powers, and
the strong, sturdy, intelligent, and honest re-
sistance on the part of their representatives to
prevent this encroachment, to resist those ad-
vances, and to repel these usurpations. It
must bo apparent to all, however much their
feelings or their interest may be bound up with
that of the President, that the people can never,
without danger, surrender those reserved rights
to-day claimed by the President of the United
States as an incident to his office and under
the provisions of our Constitution and laws,
now as I believe, assumed and usurped by him.
The immediate act of the President which
has united a majority of this House in resist-
ance to his claims and induced his arraign-
ment consists in an attempt to remove, during a
session of the Senate, the Secretary of War,
and to pass without the consent of that branch
of Congress the vast power of that Depart-
ment into the hands ofan officer of the Army,
a partisan and willing agent of the President.
The act itself has no precedent, no parallel,
in the history of this country. Since the for-
mation of the Government no President has
before attempted the exercise of the power
of removal, as an independent power, dur-
ing a session of the Senate. In an epoch
ot disturbed public affairs and in an era
marked by financial distress the President of
the United States, in defiance of the voice of
Congress, has asserted and exercised a power
never resorted to by any of his predecessors.
The exercise for the first time of a power so
great m its results and its consequences, by such
a man as Andrew Johnson, and in such a crisis
of our history, may well startle and alarm the
loyal people of the country.
The officer whom the President seeks to
displace is one who served under the admin-
istration of Mr. Linculu as Minister of War,
and who has stood, and now stands, unsui-
passed in ability, fidelity, and loyalty. His
great services during all the period of civil war
won the confidence and the admiration of the
loyal people of this country, a,nd have concen-
trated on his devoted head the fear and hate of
its enemies wherever found. He is to-day, as
he has been in the past, beyond question the
able, firm, and devoted friend of his country
and her institutions, a country rescued by the
unsurpassed efforts of himself and his illustri-
ous associates from the depths of disaster and
the abyss of national destruction. Such is the
man whom the President, by the breath of his
office, would sweep from his position at the
head of one of the great Departments of the
Government—a Department established by law
and by law intrusted to his care, his discretion,
and his administration. And this officer is
charged with no offense and no crime as the
ground of removal. His pretended offense is
want of political sympathy with his superior in
office. This is the head and front of his offend-
ing, and it is claimed that this officer ought to
resign, or, failing to resign, should be removed,
because, in the administration of his high office
and in the discharge of the duties imposed upon
him by law and intrusted to his judgment and
discretion, lie is not in unison with the Presi-
dent's views upon public affairs.
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire here, now, to enter
my protest against any such construction of
law, or admission of what is due to the propri-
eties of official relation between the head of a
Department and the President of the United
States. In my view such a demand is due
neither to the legal or the personal relations
existing between these officers. In my view
such demands contravene the spirit of the law,
tend to subvert the rights of the people, and to
produce a slavish subserviency to superior sta-
tion. In my view such doctrines suppress the
independence of an enlightened private judg-
ment, sink the officer into the clerk, relieve the
incumbent from just responsibilities to thepeo-
ple, and tend to prostitute every faculty which
lie brings to the discharge of his duties, to the de-
mands or the necessities of the Executive, how-
ever tyrannical, illegal, or unconstitutional they
may be. I know, sir, that the advocates of
this doctrine of official subserviency place it
upon the ground that the officer is the constitu-
tional and confidential adviser of the President.
But, sir, even if it were so, even if such were
the terms of the law, the War minister of this
country, or the head of any other Department,
cannot be justified in abandoning or abusing
his high trust and sacrificing the rights and
liberties of the great people whom he in part
represents, or throwing up his office in great
public emergencies on the demand of the Pres-
ident of the United States. He may be called
upon for his opinion upon any subject relating
to the duties of his office. He is said to be the
constitutional adviser of the President. To
advise what, sirV What the President thinks?
what the President demands? what the Presi-
dent will have? and, as the alternative, to be
discarded, thrown off, ejected from office by
the breath of the Executive, his place filled
with some pliant tool, the great power and
authority of his office abruptly transferred,
without the consent of the Senate, to other
hands more or less unworthy, to a person who
is but the mere reflex of the opinions of the
President? And this pliant tool, when found
inconvenient or obnoxious to the presidential
will, to bo in his turn cast aside and replaced
by some still more compliant "constitutional
adviser? ' Such, sir, are a few of the unfor-
tunate and the deplorable results of this doc-
trine of confidential relation and political sub-
serviency.
Mr. Chairman, these claims and these as-
sumptions naturally arise from that distorted
and despotic view of the executive office, now so
warmly entertained and constantly avowed by
our Democratic friends upon the other side of
this Hall. Under their lead we are constantly
invited to transfer the reserved rights and
power of the people to that branch of the
Government to which our earliest statesmen
have declared it naturally tends, and place
it in jthe hands of one man, the President of
the United States. Around him they would
