3600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3Qa
sir, suppose that these reconstructed States,
instead of using the word "ratify" in their
acts or joint resolutions in relation to the con-
stitutional amendment, choose to use the word
"adopt,'' and get their Senators and Repre-
sentatives in lieie, and then turn round and
say, " We never ratified this thing; we only
expressed our adoption of itand suppose
that the Secretary of State should take sides
with them and declare that the constitutional
amendment was not ratified by three fourths
of the States, what would be the result? We
should have their Senators and Representatives
in here and the constitutional amendment not
ratified.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest to my
friend from Missouri that, in. that event, all
Congress would have to do would be to pass a law
declaring that its declaration that the consti-
tutional amendment was ratified was sufficient,
without the Secretary of State doing it.
Mr. DRAKE. That may do very well after
the thing is developed; but I am talking about
the state of things that exists now; and I say
again that, in my opinion, that joint resolutiou
of the two houses of the Legislature of Florida
is not a ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment. When the Constitution uses the word
"ratify" it uses it in its clear, distinct sense.
An ''adoption" is not a, "ratification" in any
definition of the word that we know of in the
English language. "To adopt" is "to take
or receive as one's own; to select and take, as,
to adopt the opinions of another, to adopt a
particular mode of husbandry." "To ratify''
is "tb approve and sanction ; to make valid ;
to confirm; to establish ; to settle."
When the Constitution uses the word "rat-
ify," why should we permit this Slate to use
the word "adopt," and to leave the question
open afterward whether there is a ratification ?
Sir, we are bound to see that this constitutional
amendment is ratified beyond all question, and
we are bound not to admit any Senator into,
this Chamber from any of these reconstructed
States until that State has "ratified" the con-
stitutional amendment. not "adopted" it. It
has no business to ■' adopt" it; all it has to do
is to "ratify" what Congress has done, to
approve it.
Mr. YATES. I do not think that there is a
man in the United States who looks at this
thing in the right way, no lexicographer or
professor or man of common school education
any where, who will tiotsay that an "adoption"
of the amendment is a "ratification" of it. I
hope the Senate will not pause upon any such
question ; I will not call it a quibble, for I have
too great respect for the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I confess
that I am somewhat surprised at this objection.
Is the word " ratify" a technical word? Are j
there not other words in the English language !
which signify the same thing? Are we after j
the substance, or are we after a mere technic- '
ality? When it is required that these States
shall "ratify" an amendment, what does it
mean except that tliey shall agree to it, signify
their acquiescence that it shall become a part
of the Constitution ? Is anything else re-
quired ? Is anything else meant? Why, sir,
if they had said, •' we hereby accept this as a
part of the Constitution," would uot that be
equivalent lo the word "ratify?"
Air. DRAKE. That would not be equiva-
lent to " adopt."
Mr. MORTON. If they had said "We will
agree to this," would not that be equivalent to
the word "ratify?" Would it not convey the
same meaning? If they had said, as they do
say, "We hereby adopt this," how can they
adopt it without agreeing to it? How can they
adopt it without accepting it? How can they
agree to if without ratifying it? They cannot.
It they agree to accept it as a part of the Con-
stitution, that is all that is required. Is not
that the meaning clearly conveyed by the use
of the word "adopt?" As the Senator from
Massachusetts has said, that is the popular
word, it is used every day in this Senate
when we come to speak on that subject. The
question has been made in the Senate within
a few weeks past whether the thirteenth article
had been "adopted." That is the very word
used, and it always conveys the same idea here
and elsewhere as if we had said, " Has it boon
ratified?" Sir, the word " ratify" is not tech-
nical. Auy language that conveys the idea
that the Legislature accepts and agrees to this
amendment as a part of the Constitution is
sufficient. It would be ridiculous, in my opin-
ion, to send this back to the Legislature of
Florida, and say " You have not expressed ail
acceptance of this article, but you must use
the word ' ratify.1 "
Mr. HOWE. I said when I was up just
now, that since we had agreed to take repre-
sentatives from the State of Florida, and since
we had ascertained that that State has chosen
representatives, I thought we ought to receive
them unless some Senator should say that he
had great doubts as to the propriety of our
receiving them at this time. When I made
that remark I had heard no such doubt ex-
pressed. The Senatorfrom Michigan has since
raised a question which he wishes to have
examined by the Judiciary Committee. That
question is, whether, when the Legislature of
Florida say they " adopt" a particular amend-
ment as a part of the Constitution, they do
thereby " ratify" that amendment? There
seems to me to be so little doubt on that point
that I am inclined not to assent to the refer-
ence to the Judiciary Committee, but to take
the vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. MORTON, (presenting a dictionary.)
Here is a definition of the word.
Mr. DRAKE. I have read the definition
from the book.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I was not aware
of it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator has read the
definition of "adopt."
Mr. DRAKE. And "ratify," also.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I do not propose to
overrule either of these dictionaries; but I had
one suggestion to make, and that is that the
Constitution simply requires the Legislature to
ratify, and does not require them to say that
they ratify. In other words, the Constitution
requires that the Legislature shall do some-
thing that is a ratification, and does not require
them to use that word; and I think the Senator
from Indiana was entirely right when he said
that if they did anything or said anything
which signified their acceptance of a particular
proposition as an amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States that was sufficient;
and I am so clear on this point that I think I
shall take the vote of the Senate on the ques-
tion whether they will refer these credentials
or whether they will admit the Senators now
without saying another word.
Mr. TIl'TON. I only desire to say that in
" adopting" amendments they adopt them as
amendments of the Constitution, and receive
them as such.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope this matter will
go to the committee, simply because there
seems to be doubt suggested iri the minds of
gentlemen. In such a case it is better that
the papers should go to the committee. I con-
fess I am somewhat anxious to know whether
the ratification has been communicated to the
Secretary of Slate in form. I desire to have
the evidence in the proper place.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator think that
it is necessary that it should be comicunieated
to the Secretary of State ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think so, under the
existing law.
Mr. HOWE. The existing law is that when
the Legislature ratifies we shall receive their
Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the
law which requires the ratification to be com-
municated to the Secretary of State.
Mr. HOWE. That may, perhaps, be neces-
sary in order to make the amendment a part
of the Constitution, but it is not necessary to
entitle the gentlemen elected to their seats.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I apprehend that it is
a material point to be looked after by us that
this article of amendment shall have becoinc
a part of the Constitution of the United States.
It was considered so material when we passed
the law that it was made a specific provision
that they were not to be admitted until enough
States had ratified it to make it a part of the
Constitution. .
Mr HOWE. No; the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was originally so.
Mr. HOWE. Originally so; but it is not so
in the law now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say that being re-
garded of so much importance it was originally
so provided. We have since waived that just
so far as to say that we will admit a State
before that article becomes a part of the Con-
stitution ; but still I cling to that as a very
important idea, and I wish to secure that par-
ticular thing. I have fears that unless this
ratification is communicated in proper form,
and communicated by the proper authority, it
will not be noticed ; and I am unwilling that
anything should be let slip in relation to that
matter. But, sir, the Senate will do as it
pleases. For myself, when there are doubts
raised about such a matter, and this is the first
ease that presents itself, 1 think it is safer to
have the report of a committee. They can
look at it calmly, and with sufficient time to
examine it carefully, which cannot be done in
the Senate by a discussion here 011 the spur
of the moment; and as a day is of no sort of
consequence, as it can be a matter of no great
importance to these gentlemen whether they
are sworn in to day or to-morrow, I think we
had better refer these papers. '
I have great respect for-the chairman of the
Committee 011 the Judiciary, and when he gets
up here and says there is no doubt about a
thing, I am willing to take that as his opinion ;
but it is barely possible that in committee, with
other lights about him, somefuither effulgence
might be shed upon it, and he might be led to
doubt, or at any rate to make a more specific
examination. When we make a motion to
refer a question to the Judiciary Committee
we do not mean to refer it to the chairman
alone, but to the committee to have a report;
and although his opinion may now be clear, I
think nothing can possibly be lost, and some
additional feeling of security may be gained
by the reference.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Will the Senator from
Michigan give way for a moment? I have
received and been requested to present a
paper, which I send to the desk, which pur-
ports to be a certificate of the Governor of
Florida.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cre-
dentials now sent to the desk by the Senator
from Wisconsin will be read, if there be no
objection.
Mr. HOWE. By whom is that paper signed?
The Chief Clehk. "David S. Walker,
Governor of Florida."
Mr. HO WE. I object to the reading of that
paper.
Mr. 110 WARD. Mr. President, I was about
to say that it might turn out, as has been inti-
mated here, that the point which I suggested
respecting the phraseology of the resolution of
the Legislature of Florida may be trivial and
unfounded. I am not prepared to say that
there is any strong ground for expressing a
doubt as to the sufficiency of that form of rati-
fication; but still I think the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, if he will examine
the forms of ratification of the Constitution
itself by the thirteen old Slates, and the forms
of the ratification of all the subsequent amend-
ments, will not find a single case in which the
word "adopted " is the only word used in the
resolution of ratification. It is not possible
for me at this moment to say with certainty
what the form in all those cases was; but I
think he will find that in every case the word
"ratify" was used by the Legislatures of the
old States when they adopted the Constitution
originally, and by the Legislatures of th.e sev-
