1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155^
concentrate all power, and in him they would
center all prerogative. They declare sir, now,
that he has the right of his own free will and
motion to tear from their places at the heads of
these Departments the men who now occupy
them, and place in their stead such tools and
creatures of his own, as ambitiou, weakness,
or executive blandishment may call around
him. Sir, the executive officers of the United
States, from the President down, are the crea-
tures of the people, and not the creatures of
the President. The executive officers of the
United States are the agents and servants of
the people, and not the agents and servants of
the President; they are responsible to the peo-
ple and to the Representatives of the people,
and not to the President.
For their misconduct and their offenses he
has no responsibility, unless as a conspirator
with them, and cannot substitute him sell'either
to discharge the functions of their offices or to
receive the punishment due to their miscon-
duct, notwithstanding the recent vicarious oiler
of the President to the General of the Army.
Like the President himself they are subject to
impeachment by the Representatives of the
people and amenable to the law within the
scope of its penalties. And, sir, let me say,
further, that I shall ever honor the firm and
faithful Cabinet officer who stands between the
President and the people, guarding their rights
and defending their liberties. Such is Edwin
M. Stanton, and I honor him for his resolute
defiance of the unlawful exercise of executive
power and his firm resistance to the execu-
tive will. Fortunate, indeed, is it for the
Congress of the United States, fortunate for
the liberties of the people of the United
States, that ho has not yielded to his pride, his
wishes, or his individual choice, but has re-
mained true to the demand which his country
in the hour of its trial has made upon him.
He has, indeed, stood between the march of
executive power and executive usurpation, and
the rights and liberties of the people of this
country, and he will hereafter stand forth in
history, when the excitements and the passions
of these days shall have perished, as one of
the honored instruments of preserving the
liberties of the people from the encroachments
and assaults of executive power, and ®f res-
cuing them from the grasp of the usurper. It
is our high and holy mission, as Representa-
tives of the people here, to aid him in the dis-
charge of this paramount duty, and by the
blessing of God we will yet preserve the jewels
of liberty from the grasping power of executive
usurpation, as they have been preserved from
the assaults of treason and rebellion.
Mr. Chairman, the President maintains the
right to remove Mr. Stanton during a session
of the Senate under the authority of the Con-
stitution. Now, sir, it is to be observed that
this power of removal is nowhere in the Con-
stitution given to the President in terms or by
grant. It is an assumed power which he claims
originally and solely from this clause in the
Constitution :
"The executive power shall be rested in a Presi-
dent of the TJniterl States of America."
Here, it is said, is the clause which gives the
President unlimited and unrestrained power to
remove every officer in the executive branch
of the Government, whether appointed by or
without the consent of the Senate. And, in
order to strengthen the Executive still further
and to transfer to him from the people a still
greater share of their inherent and reserved
rights, he maintains and his friends on this floor
maintain that Congress has no authority by
duly enacted laws, to limit or prescribe the
tenure-of-oilice in such way as to deprive the
President of an unlimited power of removal at
his will and pleasure. This is the doctrine of
the President of the United States, and this is
the doctrine of his adherents, supporters, and
defenders on this lioor.
Mow. sir, what do our opponents mean by
executive power? Mow do they define it?
Do they mean the executive power of a mon-
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 98.
arch, or do they mean the executive power of
a republican President? Do they mean exec-
utive power as understood in England or
Russia or Prance? -Do they mean executive
power as defined by Blackstone, who says:
"The supreme executive power is vested in a
single person, a king or queen?" Do they
intend to draw by analogy from the mother
country the executive power of an English
monarch and assert it for the President of the
United States? -Does the executive power,
under the Constitution, carry with it the pre-
rogatives of the executive power as under-
stood in England—the prerogative of a king or
queen of England, or, as the same author says,
" that special preeminence which the kinghath
over and above all other persons?" Is this
the executive power now claimed by our friends
on the other side of the House for their friend,
the President of the United States? Have they
come at last to claim for him "royal charac-
ter," " royal authority," and "royalincome,"
and to clothe him with those attributes of exec-
utive power in that kingdom from which so
many analogies are sought to be drawn by our
Democratic friends, and to insist that he can do
no wrong?
If these or either of these are intended by
them as an example of executive power, I can
readily understand why they may properly
claim the unlimited and unrestrained authority
l'or the President of the (J nited States to appoint
and remove at will every executive officer of
the Government. But if they mean executive
power, as limited and restrained by the Consti-
tution, then I assert that they can find no war-
rant of authority for the power of removal in
that instrument.
Mr. Chairman, the power of the President is
an enumerated and specific power. Outside
of the Constitution and the laws made in pur-
suance thereof he has no executive power.
The Constitution defines his duties and his
powers, and beyond that he cannot go. The
Constitution has set them down specifically,
has asserted and enumerated, has fixed and
defined them, and to these enumerated and
defined powers he is restricted in the exercise
of his official functions. So of the legislative
department, and so of the judicial department;
their power and their authority is defined aud
limited by the terms of the Constitution.
Suppose this principle of construction was
applied to the clause conferring legislative
power. Where would it begin and where
would it end? Our friends, the defenders of
the President, claim just now that the legisla-
tive power is confined to the express grants in
the Constitution. Is there any just reason why
they should not adopt the same construction,
in regard to the executive or judicial depart-
ments of the Government? In fact, the Consti-
tution clothes the legislative branch with an
authority denied to other branches, for it con-
fers the authority to make all laws necessary
and proper for carrying into execution all the
powers vested in the Government, or in any
department or officer therein. Yet, while the
President and his friends deny to Congress
the exercise of any power not specifically
granted, they insist that the Executive is in
full possession of a power which has no name
or place in the terms of the Constitution, and
which they say is derived from a general
clause. Can there be any plainer or more
odious discrimination in l'avor of the execu-
tive power against the rights of the people ?
Sir, I cannot agree to this doctrine of power
derived from this clause naming the executive
department of the United States. The vast
power with which such a doctrine clothes the
President is alarming in contemplation, and
would in the end be ruinous and destructive to
the liberties of the people. I therefore look
to the Constitution, sir, to see, not what I can
wrest from its terms in favor of the power ot
the Executive, but what I can find therein set
down and defined as the limit and the extent
of his authority. Without that Constitution he
has no authority; aud upon this question of
removal and appointmentlfindihese provisions,
and these only:
"He shall nominate, and by and with the stdviee
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Su-
preme Court, and alt other officers of the United
States, whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in tho
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments.
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire
at tb-o^d. of their next session."
Here, sir, is the whole of it. Nothing is said
here about the power of removal; not a word—
and why ? Bccause the power of removal
was not treated or considered as an indepen-
dent power. It is an incidental power, grow-
ing out of and necessarily connected with tho
power of appointment. An office cannot be
held by two men jointly. When one is ap-
pointed, confirmed, and enters upon the duties
of the office, the former incumbent necessarily
is displaced. It would therefore be an idle
ceremony to add to the appointing power, in
terms, the power of removal. But, as the power
of removal results from the power of appoint-
ment, it ought to be and can only be exercised
according to the terms of the Constitution;
that is, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate and in conjunction with that co-
ordinate branch of the Government. Conse-
quently the President possesses the power of
removal only in conjunction with the Senate,
unless otherwise provided by law.
Perhaps, sir, it may be suggested that in
cases of necessity the power ought to be exer-
cised by the President alone. But the plea of
necessity cannot answer here. No necessity
existed for this abrupt and willful exercise of
usurped power. 1'ho country was at peace;
the officer sought to be removed was without
suspicion as to his integrity, ability, or loy-
alty. No charge is made against his fidelity
in office. The Senate of the United States
was in session—in fact, the President had ap-
pealed to it to remove Mr. Stanton, and it had
refused. Therefore, sir, the appeal of neces-
sity, which sometimes, it is said, excuses vio-
lence to the forms of law, can have no place
in the President's defense. It must stand
upon the deliberate, uncalled for, and obsti-
nate assertion of executive authority. I hesi-
tate not to say, sir, that in the attempt to
exercise that authority the President violated
tiie Constitution of the United States, both in
the removal of Mr. Stanton and in the attempt
to transfer the power of the Department to a
mau whose nomination had not then been sent
to the Senate.
While I admit that the construction formerly
given to the Constitution has, to some extent,
conceded the power of removal to the Presi-
dent in the recess of the Senate, no such power
has been claimed during its sessions until the
assumption of it by Mr. Johnson. No other
President has ever dared to assume the power.
But, sir, the President found it necessary to
the removal of Mr. Stanton to fly in the face of
a statute passed 011 the 2d day of March, 1867.
That statute, whose provisions I need not here
recite, was enacted for the purpose among
other things of taking from the President the
power he has attempted to exercise in the
removal of Mr. Stanton. One of its main pur-
poses was to place the officers of his Cabinet
beyond the power of removal by the President
alone. The President was fully apprised ot
its intended scope aud purposes. He has
chosen to defy it, and he now stands for trial
before the court whose members passed the
law after discussion, revision, and solemn
deliberation, and who have since declared that
his act was a violation of law.
Now, sir, in regard to the authority of Con-
gress to pass this act 1 entertain no doubt. The
authority to define and limit the term of office
is a power which has been exercised by Con-
gress unquestioned since the foundation ot tne
Government. For the first time it is now ques-
