1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3601
oral States in adopting the amendments which
were made a year or two afterward. At all
events, I think it worth while for that learned
committee, that industrious committee, and I
will go further and say that burdened commit-
tee, to look into the precedents on this point.
We certainly do not wish to commit any mis-
take or error. The great thing to be secured
is this: that the State of Florida shall have
ratified, whatever may be the sense of the
word "ratify," these two amendments of the
Constitution, so that, in respect to her, they
shall become a part of the Constitution of the.
United States. I would not stand upon mere
technicalities; I would not quibble about a
mere word if it was quite obvious that the word
used by the Legislature was tantamount to
"ratified." It seems to me that under the
circumstances, and in consideration of the
question presented by the Senator from Maine,
it is quite proper that these papers should bo
referred, and that we should have a report
from that learned committee.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doowttle] presents
a paper 011 this subject and asks that it be read.
The reading is objected to, and the question is,
Shall the paper be read?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall vote to refer
the credentials before the body to the Judi-
ciary Committee for the reasons which I gave
theotherday in favorofreferringthe Arkansas
credentials, and not at all for the reasons that
are assigned here this morning. I think Con-
gress has tiu more power to say that before a
State shall be represented in this body after
her practical relations to the Union have been
recognized she shall ratify or refuse to ratify
a proposed amendment to the Constitution,
than to say that she shall not be represented
at all. If Congress can make this as a condi-
tion of representation in regard to a State the
relations of which are now recognized by law,
then Congress can go through her whole con-
stitution and her code of laws and prescribe
the whole system of government for that State.
Therefore 1 shall vote for the reference for
other reasons than those that have been sug-
gested.
I do not know whether the word " approve"
or "adopt" will supply the place of "ratify."
That is a question that I suppose the Senate
of the United States is not called upon judi-
cially to decide at this time. Whether the
State of Florida by the language used in her
resolution has ratified the cons! itutional amend-
ment is a question upon which I would not
give an opinion at this time.
This particular person comes here certified
with more particularity than is usual. It is
not only certified that he is elected according
to the act of Congress, but it is certified that
he has been a resident of the State of Florida
for two years. How the Governor had official
information of the length of this person's resi-
dence in this State is not apparent to the Sen-
ate. I suppose it is not found upon the records
of the Legislature, and perhaps not upon the
records of the executive department of the
State. There are some institutions of States
that keep records of this sort; but perhaps the
Governor could not certify in regard to that at
all. Why is that? Why is there a certificate
that he has been a resident of the State for two
years? I suppose it is to exclude the conclu-
sion that he is one of the adventurers that are
going down there to govern that country. Is
this credential satisfactory? The Constitution
simply requires that the party shall be a resi-
dent of the State at the time he is elected.
This person comes with more than ordinary
claims, then, because the certificate is fuller
than usual; and 1 suppose, if we regard the
law passed the other day, he is entitled to his
seat. The credential shows an election. The
question was settled the other day that an elec-
tion at a time when there was no legal State
government as declared by Congress is a good
election. Congress declared in the reconstruc-
tion acts that there was no valid government
down there, that to hav§ a valid government
40th Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 226.
they must take certain steps, and those steps
must be submitted to and approved by Con-
gress, and when Congress approved, then they
should have a valid State government. At the
time this election took place Congress had not
examined the constitution; itwas not approved,
as I understand. Therefore the question arises
whether a State having no legal and valid gov-
ernment can elect Senators?
I believe they had a valid State government;
a majority of this body does not hold that opin-
ion ; but I understand that in the case of Ark-
ansas the other day this question was settled
by the Senate, and that an election at a time
when as Congress declared they had no valid
State government was a good election, and that
a ratification of a constitutional amendment by
a Legislature not then recognized as valid and
declared by Congress to be invalid was a good
ratification of a constitutional amendment;
so that these points seem to be settled by the
action of the Senate the other day ; and really
what theie is to submit to the Committee on
the Judiciary I am not able to see.
These were supposed to be grave questions;
but they have been settled by the decision of
the Senate. That committee cannot reverse the
decision of the Senate. That committee can-
not now inquire whether this Senator was
elected before the State was ill a condition to
elect; nor can the committee question that the
Legislature at the time was competent to ratify
the amendment. But suppose the word "adopt"
is not sufficient, why not amend it? Why
should Congress not amend it? We amend
their constitutions. Why not amend this res-
olution of adoption and say that it means rat-
ify, and put it through? What is the use of
standing upon trifles? Perhaps the word
"adopt" means "ratify." Perhaps technical
words are not needed in a resolution of this
sort. If so, and we want to have the exact
word, why not just put it in? We have as
much power to do that certainly, to control the
action of the Legislature, as we have to mod-
ify the action of a constitutional convention
that makes a constitution. I do not myself
see anything much to refer ; but to be consist-
ent with myself on the vote of the other day
I shall vote for the reference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, one would
almost suppose that the distinguished Senator
from Indiana was making a 4th of July ora-
tion. I do not mean the 4th of next July ; I
mean some other July. [Laughter.] Ail that
I rose to say was that for one I do not wish to
he put in the position that he has assigned to
me as to the legal effect of the Senate's action
touching the ratification by the State of Arkan-
sas of the constitutional amendment. He has
chosen to state in a very lawyer-like and adroit
way a view of the case that pleases him, and
has assigned us to that position. I do not wish
to go over now, because it is not appropriate,
the real and correct legal grounds upon which
the ratification by Arkansas has now become
as to her valid. They are firm enough, are
easily enough understood. They have existed
and been practiced upon in one form or an-
other since the Union was formed, year after
year. But, as I say, I do not wish to take time
for that, but only to declare that I do not
choose to occupy the position to which my
distinguished friend has assigned.me.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I suppose
the only question practically before the Sen-
ate about which there can be any dispute is
whether the two amendments to the constitu-
tion have been sufficiently ratified by the State
of Florida; and that de, ends, as I suppose,
upon the meaning of the word "adoption,"
as found in their resolution. I rise merely for
the purpose of saying that it seems to me that
that word is just as effectual as any other word
that could have been used to obtain that end.
Congress has a right to propose amendments
to the Constitution, and the States have a right
to reject or ratify them. When the State of
Florida, in due form, tells us that her Legisla-
ture, by whom the act of adoption is to be
made, has adopted tkefu, it appears to me that
so far as that State in concerned, and so far
as the United States is concerned, that ques-
tion is settled.
A<sto the otherquestion, whatever differences
of opinion existed and do now exist between
the minority of the Senate and the majority, [
suppose it is te be considered as settled, that in
all we are to do now, at this session at any rate,
we are to take for granted that the question is
settled that the States are not to be admitted
to representation on this floor until they shall
antecedently have adapted the constitutional
amendment. I bow, as of course I am bound
to bow, to the decision of the majority of the
Senate 011 that question, however much I may
think there is error in it.
That being the ease, we have no right, unless
we are to reject our former opinions on the ques-
tion of power, to keep from the Senate the
representatives chosen from this State, provided
the State has complied with all the requisitions
prescribed by Congress in the acts of recon-
struction; and supposing that they have done
that so far as the particular provision is con-
cerned, as the constitutional amendments re-
ferred to have been ratified, I see no objection
to sweating in the member who it has been
certified to us has been properly elected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
rise to discuss this question of reference; but
the paper which I sent to the Chair purports to
be the credentials of Hon. William Marvin, a
Senator-elect from the State of Florida, and as
the other credentials were about to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, I simply
desired to have these referred also at the same
time. I ask that the paper which I sent to the
Chair may be read, so as to be referred with the
other papers to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I did not rise to make atiy argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am for
treating this motion to refer just as I would
any other. It was not from any haste on my
part to have the Senators from Florida ad nutted
that I suggested that there was no object in
referring these papers to the committee. We
have settled by an act which we passed a few
days ago the condition of Florida. We have
declared that that State, under a constitution
which was submitted to us and examined, was
entitled to representation in Congress when she
ratified the constitutional amendment known as
article fourteen. That act has passed both
Houses of Congress and is-the' law of the land.
Now, the State of Florida sends evidence here
that she has ratified that constitutional amend-
ment,. Does anybody doubt it?
Mr. DRAKE.. Yes, I do. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri doubts it because the word "ratify" is
not used. Now,-let me read to hima sentence
from the law. By a statute passed in 1818 it
was declared—
"That whenever official notice shall have been
received at theDepartmentot Suite that any amend-
ment which heretofore has been, or hereafter may
bo, proposed to the Constitution of the United States
hns be<*n adopted according to the provisions of the
Constituti >n, it shall be the dutv ot the Secretary of
State forthwith to cause the said amendment ro be
publ'shed in the said newspapers authorized to pro-
mulgate the laws, with hid certificate specifying the
States by which the same may havo been adopted."
Congress, fifty years ago, used the word
"adopted.'' in reference to constitutional
amendments; and itwas declared in a mes-
sage from the President of the United States
to both Houses of Congress, dated January 8,
1798, that the eleventh amendment which was
proposed to the Constitution of the United
States had been "adopted by the constitu-
tional number of States;4' so that this word
'"adopted5' is no new word in our law ; and
the only suggestion that I have heard for re-
ferring these papers is to ascertain whether,
when a Legislature adopts a constitutional
amendment, it has ratified it. Even the Sen-
ator from Michigan says that he does not know
1 that it is of sufficient importance to raise a
doubt upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Illinois that there is another
ground. We do not fenoir, and cannot know
