1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
tioned. The mode and manner in which the
power of removal is asserted deprive the act
of palliation or defense. Indeed, sir, the Con-
stitution itself gives to Congress the express
power to vest the authority of appointment in
the President, heads of Departments, and the
courts, and consequently confers upon it the
power of transferring it from one branch to the
other, thus depriving the President of theright
- of appointment or removal except where it is
otherwise specifically provided for by the terms
of the Constitution itself. Upon this point I
think I can give the House no better authority
than that of Mr. Webster, whom ouroppflnents
sometimes cite but seldom quote. He has
asserted so fully and so distinctly the power of
Congress, as exercised in the passage of the
tenure-of-office act of 1867, that I shall con-
tent myself by placing before the House a por-
tion of his speech delivered in the Senate of
the United States on the 16th of February,
1885. He says:
"I believe it to be within the just power of Con-
gress to reverse the decision of 1789, and I mean to
hold myself at liberty to act hereafter upon that
question as I shall think the safety of the Govern-
ment. and of the Constitution may require." * *
* * "The regulation of the tenure of office is a
common cxercise of legislative authority, and the
power of Congress in this particular is not at all re-
strained or limited by anything contained in the
Constitution except in regard to judicial officers. All
the rest is left to the ordinary discretion of the Legis-
lature. Congress may give to offices which it creatcs
(except those of judges) what duration it pleases.
When the office is created and is to be filled the
President is to nominate the candidate to fill it: but
when ho comes into the office he comes into it upon
the conditions and restrictions which the law may
have attached to it. If Congress were to decla.ro by
law that the Attorney General or the Secretary of
State should hold his office during good behavior, 1
am not aware of any ground on which such a law
could be held unconstitutional." * * * *
"I do not think that the Constitution, by giving
the power of appointment, or the power both of ap-
pointment and removal, to the President and Senate,
intended to impose any restraint on the Legislature
in regard to its authority of regulating the duties,
powers, duration, or responsibility of office. I agree
that Congress ought not to do anything which snail
essentially impair that right of nomination and ap-
pointment of certain officers, such as ministers,
judges, &e., which the Constitution has vested in the
President and Senate. But, while the power of nomi-
nation and appointment is left fairly where theCon-
stitution has placed it, I think the whole field of
regulation is open to legislative discretion. If a law
were to pass declaring that district attorneys or col-
lectors of customs should hold their offices four years,
unless removed onconviction for misbehavior, no one
could doubt its constitutional validity, because the
Legislature is naturally competent to prescribe the
tenure of office." * * * * "Ithink the
Legislature possesses the power of rogulating the con-
ditions, duration, qualification, and tenure of office,
in all cases where the Constitution has made no
express provision on the subject."
To those who believe Mr. Webster to have
been a sound constitutional lawyer 1 trust this
reason and these opinions will be conclusive.
I desire to notice only one or two other
points made by our friends on the other side
in defense of the President's action. The first
is, that Mr. Stanton's case is not within the
provisions of the tenure-of-office bill, because
he was appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and the terms
of the act provide that the officer shall not be
removed during the term of the President by
whom he was appointed. I regard this, sir, as
a very refined attempt to avoid the plain intent
of the law. The object of that law is admitted
on all hands to have been a restraint upon the
President of the power of removing a Cabinet
officer. It is, I think, a recent invention, not
of the President himself, but of his ingenious
friends on this floor. But the intention of the
law, which is to govern, is plain. I have stated
that intention, and I have called the attention
of the House to the fact that it must have been
clearly known to the President; and further,
that the President's objection has heretofore
been placed upon his views a3 to as the con-
stitutionality of the bill, and upon no other.
Another objection of about the same mag-
nitude has been stated by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward.] which is, that this is not a Congress of
the United States, and therefore has no power
to impeach the President. Now, sir, wliile I
would not trifle with any question incident to
this grave subject or to the debate which has
taken place upon it, I cannot find it in my
heart to enter into a serious argument against
this proposition. But I do desire, sir, to illus-
trate this position and to show how little re-
gard is paid to its soundness even by those gen-
tlemen upon the other side who have seen fit
to announce it. If this proposition be true,
what has been the conduct of those gentlemen
toward the Government and toward their con-
stituents. Hour by hour, -day by day, and
month by month, they have been sitting here
voting appropriations of money and otherwise
exercising the power of legislation, and all, as
they now assert, by usurped authority, and in
violation of the Constitution of the United
States. Shall I treat this subject seriously,
Mr. Chairman. Let me say to those gentle-
men that if such are their convictions—and I
say it with all due respect—that they can have
have no business here, much less, sir, have
they the right to sit here and draw from the
Treasury of the United States their salaries as
Representatives and appropriate that money,
which they assert was drawn from the Treas-
ury by an illegal, partial, and unconstitutional
body of men, to their own uses.
It would not do for me, sir, to characterize
upon this floor the legal consequences of such
an act as this, and apply it to any gentleman
who assumes to be a member of this body;
but, sir, let me say, in all kindness and in all
respcct, that if these gentlemen believe that
this is a'n unconstitutional Congress—that it is
not the law-making power of the Constitution—
they had better leave their chairs, increase the
"conscience fund" in the Treasury Depart-
ment by the amount they have drawn from it
as their salaries and perquisites, and retire
from this Hall to the bosom of their constitu-
ents.
Mr. Speaker, although the charges and spe-
cifications which have been presented by the
committee do not, in my opinion, cover all the
impeachable offenses of which the President
has been guilty, still, sir, I shall be satisfied
with the result to which they have come, and
acquiesce in the judgment of the distinguished
gentlemen who compose such committee, and
vote for the report as it now stands; yet still,
sir, I cannot forget that the President has been
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors out-
side and beyond these charges, for which I
think him impeachable. In fact, sir, gentle-
men upon this floor who now defend him, and
especially the distinguished gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridoe,] have declared that
the President of the United States has been
guilty of infamous usurpations of ungranted
power. I agree with the gentleman in that
high accusation, and I agree, further,with the
President of the United States when he de-
clares, in his last annual message, that "usurp-
ation is the most dangerous of political crimes.''
Believing both these assertions from these dis-
tinguished sources, I should have no hesita-
tion—as I had none in the early stages of this
controversy—in voting for the articles which
arraign the conduct of the President of the
United States for his course in the reorganiza-
tion of the rebel States, and for the other
offenses which, from time to time, he has been
guilty of, looking to the same great end—the
transfer of the power of this Government from
the loyal hands that rescued it and saved it to
the hands of those men who for four years
assailed it willi all the hatred of treason and
the power of their confederated army.
Mr. BOUTWELL^ I wish, Mr. Chairman,
to make a suggestion in regard to the business
of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] will proceed,
if there is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The suggestion which I
desire to make is, that the committee take a
recess at half past five o'clock this eveninguntil
ten o'clock on Monday morning. Meeting at
an earlier hour than usual on Monday morning
we shall have about the same time for discus-
sion as if we should come here at half-past
seven o'clock this evening. I move, therefore,
that at half past five o'clock the committee take
a recess until ten o'clock on Monday morning.
Several Members. That is right.
The motion of Mr. Boutwell was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state that there
will be a meeting of the Republican members
of this House in this Hall this evening at eight
o'clock.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, it is to be
regretted that the action of the House, upon an
occasion like the present, should be marked by
unseemly haste and partisan excitement. Re-
spect for ourselves, if not for the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic, should cause us to remem-
ber that we are acting in the capacity of grand
jurors, and that our deliberations should be
characterized by dignity and decorum. The
action of the House is of an extraordinary char-
acter, and calculated to lose us the confidence
and respect of the American people. Even be-
fore the articles of impeachment were laid on
our desks, by the action of the majority we are
forced into a debate upon the charges preferred
against the Chief Magistrate without having had
an opportunity of knowing what the charges are.
And 1 was struck with the remark of my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Lawrence,] thatheroseto
discuss the question of impeachment without
having had the opportunity of reading even the
first article. Sir, there is not a court in our coun-
try in which the grand jury would find a bill of in-
dictment against the most infamous melefactor
without first hearing with deliberation the evi-
dence to sustain the prosecution against the
accused. We are acting not only in presence
of the citizens of the United States, but in the
actual presence of the civilized world, for even
while we are debating this grave measure out
action is being discussed in London and Paris
and St. Petersburg, for the telegraph has made
us neighbors.
During an entire year, sir, persistent efforts
have been made to find some ground upor,
which the President could be deposed from
his high office ; and twice has the House, once
by a direct vote and once through the action
of its committee, declared that the President
had committed no act for which he was liable
to impeachment.
Prefer articles of impeachment against the
Chief Magistrate of the Republic, and for what?
Has he arrested and imprisoned citizens with-
out trial and without defense ? If he has, then
I will vote for the articles of impeachment?
Has he struck down the liberty of the press ?
If he has, then I will vote for the articles of
impeachment. Has he denied to ten States
of the Union their rightful representation in
Congress? If he has, then is he guilty of a fla-
grant violation of the Constitution, and shouid
be arraigned and punished, and I will vote for
the articles of impeachment. Has he estab-
lished absolute military despotisms over the
States of the South on the pretext of confer-
ring upon them republican forms of govern-
ment? For, if he has, then he is not only a ruth-
less violator of the Constitution, but a tyrant,
and he deserves to be impeached, and I will
vote for the articles of impeachment.. Has he
disfranchised a majority of the white race in the
South in order to establish negro domination
oyerwhite men, women, and children, loyal and
disloyal alike? For if he has, then he has
not only trampled upon the Constitution, but
committed a crime against nature by reducing
the highest race in the world to the servitude
of the lowest, and thereby sought to barbarize
and utterly destroy nearly one third of the
entire Union; and, if guilty of so great a
crime, he deserves to bo impeachcd, and [
will vote for the articles of impeachment.
But, Mr. Chairman, I find no such charges
made in the indictment drawn by the learned
lawyers who have reported the articles of im-
peachment. Upon what ground, then, is it
proposed to send the President of the United
States for trial to the bar of the Senate? Let
