1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
until a Secretary of War could be duly ap-
pointed by and with tlie advice and consent of
the Senate. And out of deference to that
august body, on the very next morning, a ven-
erable statesman of great experience and dis-
tinguished ability was nominated by the Pres-
ident as Secretary of War; and, had the Senate
acted with the promptness of the Executive,
Mr. Ewing would now be in the War Office and
the country be rescued from the peril which
threatens it. Now, sir, I call the attention of
the House and the country to the facts con-
nected with the action of the President. They
show that the Adjutant General was not aware
that he was to be assigned to the duties of the
War Office until he received the order of the
President, which, as a soldier, he was bound
to obey. Hence there was no combination
between the President and the Adjutant Gen-
eral. The facts further show that the Presi-
dent did not consult with a single member of
Congress as to his intended action. Ilence
there was no combination between the Presi-
dent and any member or members of the Fed-
eral Legislature. Nor is this all. Had the
President aimed at evil every gentleman in this
House knows full well that General Thomas
is not the person who would have been selected
to carry out such a purpose. And as the
action of the President in the assignment of
General Thomas to the duties of the War
Oflice is vindicated by the facts, so is that vin-
dication made still more complete by the nom-
ination of Mr. Ewing as Secretary of War. liut
why was not the name of Mr. Ewing sent to
the Senate the moment that Mr. Stanton was re-
moved? Sir, do we not all know, does not the
whole country know, that the Senate has time
and time again refused to confirm the nomina-
tions of some of the ablest as well as the bravest
of our citizens? And it is said that under the
guillotine of the Senate lie the heads of more
than three hundred heroic soldiers of the Union,
who had escaped the ball and bayonet of the
rebels to fall at last beneath the ax of the
loyalists. It is only remarkable, therefore, that
the President was able to select in so short a
time a person who was at once highly compe-
tent to discharge the duties of the War Oflice,
and whose high character afforded some guar-
antee that the Senate would not assume the
responsibility of rejecting his nomination.
This, Mr. Chairman, is the length and breadth
of the President's offense. For this it is pro-
posed to make a Senator from my own State
t(Protector of America/' under the title of
President. But as we thus hurriedly advance on
the path of revolution it may be well to recall
the old adage that " history repeats itself;" and
it may not be unwise to remember that if Par-
liament did make Cromwell Protector so did
the Protector turn Parliament out of doors.
And while we are speaking of that famous Par-
liament let us for a moment glance into the
mirror of those times, as held up to our gaze by
Bancroft, and see whether the scenes of the
Long Parliament are now being reenacted—
whether history is again repeating itself. He
says:
"Parliament, in its turn, subverted tho constitu-
tion by establishing its own paramount authority;
and virtually making itself irresponsible to its con-
stituents. It was evident that a parliamentary des-
potism would ensue. The English Government was
changed in a manner injurious to the Executive, and
still more injurious to the freedom of the people." *
v : sj "The liberators of England had become
ito tyrants; the rights of the nation had only been
asserted to be sequestored to their use."
Sir, I appeal to this honorable body to pause
and reflect before it is too late. What is pro-
posed to be done? To depose the President
of the United States, and place in his stead a
person who did as much as any other Amer-
ican to inculcate the heresy of secession. It
is not my purpose, sir, to do injustice to Sen-
ator Wade ; he is, and I am not, responsible
for his opinions, and by his own mouth he
shall be vindicated or condemned. During the
course of debate in the Senate of the United
States, while speaking of the people of tho
South, Mr„ Wade said:
"I am not one of those who would ask them to con-
tinue in such a Union, It would be doing violence
to tho platform of tho party to which I belong. We
have adopted the old JDcclaration of Independence
us the basis of our political movements, which de-
clares that any people, when thoir government ceases
to protect their rights, when it is so subverted irom
tho true purpose of Government as to oppress them,
have a right to rocur to fundamental principles, and,
if need be, to destroy tho Government under which
they live, and to erect on its ruins another inoro con-
ducive to their welfare. I hold that they have this
right. I will not blame any people for exercising it
whenever they think the contingency has come. I
certainly shall be tho advocate of that same doc-
trine whenever I find that tho principles of this Gov-
ernment have become so oppressive to the section to
which I belong that a free people ought not longer
to endure it. You will not then find 1110 backward
in being the advocate of disunion; but that contin-
gency never having come I havo nevor yet opened
my mouth inr opposition to the Union."
" You cannot forcibly hold men in this
Union, for tho attempt to do so, it seems'to me, would
subvert the first piinciples ot the Government under
which wo live."—Coiiyrenbioiud G'loOc, Thirty-Fourth
Congress, thud session, page 2o.
Here, sir, is the doctrine of Davis and of
Calhoun boldly, i will not say vauntingly, pro-
claimed by tho Senator whom it is now pro-
posed to make X>re8ideut of the United States,
not by the will of the people but by the action
of Congress. And now, Mr. Chairman, as
you propose to place an avowed u advocate of
disunion1' in the presidential chair, who, let
me ask, is the high criminal against whom is
hurled the burning invcctive of gentlemen on
the other side of the House? Sir, let Mr.
Stanton reply:
War Department,
Washington, March 3, 1SG5.
Pin: This Department has accepted your resigna-
tion as brigadier general and military governor of
Tennessee. Permit me on this occasion to tender to
you the sincere thanks of this Department tor your
patriotic and ablohorvtcesd uring the evenilul period
thiough which you have oxcuciscd tho highest trubt
committed to your charge. In one of the darkest
houjs of tlie great struggle lor national existence
against rebellious loos the Government called you
from tho comparatively safe and caty duties o! civil
life to place you in fiout ol tho enemy and in a
position of personal toil and danger peihaps more
hazardous than was encountered by any othorcitizen
or military ollieer ot (he United States. With patri-
otic proniptucpsyou assumed the post, and maintain-
ed it under cireunihtancesol unpaialleled tiials, until
recent events have In oughtsulcty ami deliverance to
your State and to the inU'gnty ot' the constitutional
Union, for which you so long and so gallantly per-
iled all that is dear to man on earth. That you may
be spared to enjoy the new lienors and pcriorm the
high duties to which you havo b^u called by tho
people of the United iStates is theMneero wish of one
who in every ollicial and personal relation has lound
you worthy ol the confidence oi tho Go\eminent
and the honor and esteem of your leiiow-citizens.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON.
Ilis Excellency Andrew Johnson, Vice Prceidvnt
clcct.
And for the simple reason that President
Johnson concurred with Generals Grant and
Sherman, that the good of the public service
required that Secretary Stanton should resign;
and because President Johnson acted upon
the advice of General Sherman, and "con-
trived ulterior measures," as by law he had
a right to do, to get rid of the person who
clung to oih.ee with such remarkable tenacity,
it is proposed to depose the President from
the high position to which he was elevated by
the voice of his countrymen. Sir, against this
great wrong, in the name of my constituents,
I appeal Irom this honorable House to the
country; I appeal from the politicians to the
people.
And now, Mr. Chairman, out of deference
to the learned gentlemen of the committee, I
will briefly consider the tenth article and the
testimony, and the only testimony offered, to
sustain the specifications against the President.
It reads as follows :
Auticlr X.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on tho 22d dny of February in the year of
our Lord 18G8, at Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia,in disregard of thcConstitution and thelaws
of Congress duly enacted, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army of theUuited States did bung before him-
self then and there William II. Kmory, a major gen-
eral by brevet in tho Anny ot the United States,
actually in command of the department of Wash-
ington and the military forces thereol, and did then .
and theiu, as such Commander-in-Chief, declare to ji
and instruct, said Emory that part of a law of tlie j!
United States, passed March 2,1S67, entitled, "An •!
act making appropriations for the support of tho ij
Army for the year ending June .SO, and for other li
purposes," especially the seqgpad section thereof,
which provides, among other things, that4< all orders
aud instructions relating to military operations issued
by the President or Secretary of War shall be issued
through the General of the Army, and, incase of his
inability, through the next in rank," was unconsti-
tutional and in contravention of the commission of
said Emory, and therefore not binding on nim as an
ofticer in the Army of the United States, which said
provision of law had been therefore duly and legally
promulgated by general order for the government
and direction of the Army of the United States, as
the said Andrew Johnson then and there well knew,
with intent thereby to induce said Emory, in hisoffi-
oial capacity as commander of the department of
Washington, to violate the provisions of said act, and
to take and receive, act upon, and obey such orders
ash©, thesaid Andrew Johnson, mightmake and give,
and which should not be issued through the General
of tho Army of tho United States, according to the
provisions of said act, whereby said Andrew Johnson.
President of the United States, did then and there
commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in
office.
Concerning this article I have but one word
of comment to make. By the express terms
of the Constitution the President is made the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and any act pretending to deprive
him of that command is clearly unconstitu-
tional, and I deny that the signature of the
President can make an act valid which was
unconstitutional in itself. This proposition is
deemed too plain to justify argument.
And now, indulge me one brief moment as
to the facts. It is known to every gentleman
on this floor that on the 22d day of February
last the capital was rife with rumors as to the
movement of troops. Among other things it
was said that Secretary Stanton was preparing
to resist the President of the United Slates by
force of arms, and that troops were marching
upon the capital. It was most natural and
proper, then, that the President should send
for the military commander of the department
of Washington in order to ascertain the facts;
and, without comment, I will read the entire
testimony introduced by the committee, and it
amounts to a complete vindication of the Pres-
ident, and will show to the country the flimsy
groundwork upon which the articles of im-
peachment rests:
Testimony of General William HEmory.
Washington*, D. C., February 26,1S0S.
'I William II.Emory, sworn and examined:
"By the Chairman:
"Question. What is your rank and command in
the Army?
"Aiwwer. I am. colonel of the fifth United States
cavalry. 2nd brevet major general of the United
States Army. My command is the department of
washington.
"Quretion. How long have you been in the com-
mand of this department?
^Anvwer, I think since the first of September, 1807.
* Question, During the month of February, !St5S,
have you had any conversation with the President
ot the United States in relation to military affairs or
movements?
"Answer. Only once.
"Question. When was that?
{AiMcer. That was on Saturday, 22d February.
Question. Was tlie interview at your request or
his'/
'Answer. It was at his request.
Question. In what way was his request communi-
cated to you ?
t I have the note in my pocket. It is a
letter from Colonel William G. Moore, of the Army
marked personal.'
"Question. Head the letter.
'Witness read as follows:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D.C., February 22, lb6S.
™PI^EuAL:1Tl10 President directs mo to say that he
would be pleased to have you call on him as early
as practicable.
Very respectfully and truly yours,
_ AVM. (i. MOORE, U. S. A.
que-?*ftlon' you oa^ *n consequence of that re-
Answer. I did.
W w"- Stn te and literally, as far as you are
awe, what occurred at the interview?
r£'101'e is nothing more difficult than to
lepeat conversation.
Question. State the substance of it?
i 1 n? I r<!sid.ePt, asked me if I recollected
a conversation I had with him when I first took coin-
•!i ''^Pyynent, in reference to the .-treu.-th
of the garrison of \\ ashin^ton, and the general dis-
position ot the troops in this department. To inch
I loplicd that I (lid rceollect it distinct!*. lie a«kcd
me if there had been any changes X replied there
had been no material changes, but, such as therc-tiad
ocon, 1 could slate at once. I then went on to state
that 6.x companies ol the twenty-ninth iniantrv h .J
SViTi" k0re \° Wlntc>'. t>ut that that had' been
< ffsct by detaching lour companies of the tweiPh in-
to ( harleston, on tlio requisition of Geneial
