2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May; 25, J
the committee, but when brought to the bar
of the House refused still further to testily.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker  
_ The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire to speak further?
Mr. BCJTLER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed ; he is entitled to one hour under the
rul.e.
Mr. BUGLER. Mr. Speaker, there .ire one
or two njfitters which I desire to have set right
befoMnhe country, in reply to what has fallen
tfrothe gentleman from New York, [Mr.
rooks.] In the first place, in regard to the
names of Senators, which he says are unoffi-
cially known, I can only say that there are
other names in our evidence than those he has
mentioned, but 1 shall not be drawn—for I am
not instructed to do it—into any statement
upon that subject. There is one statement,
however, which I propose to make in justice
to everybody and with the assent of the man-
agers, and that is that, so far as names recol-
lected by the witness, Thurlow Weed, were dis-
closed, they were names of Senators who had
voted for conviction. But, sir, is it of any con-
sequence to this House, or to the country, which
side has been attempted to be bribed, or whether
Mr. Cooper, the President's late Private Secre-
tary—for his namehas been brought in here, I
have not brought it in—whether Mr. Cooper
attempts to bribe Mr. A or Mr. B? Is it of any
consequence to the justice of the nation whether
he has succeeded or fails in his attempts to
bribe Senators? Has it come to this, that if
one only fails in bribing one has fall liberty to
attempt it? The honorable gentleman from
New York states himself, as I understand
him, that he understood that Mr. Cooper was
engaged in such negotiations.
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable gentleman
will permit me to correct him, unless he means
by "such negotiations" that he declined to
receive an offer that was made him for such
negotiations and refused to negotiate in the
matter?
Mr. BUTLER. I take what is on the rec-
ord ; and I pray that the record may not be
changed. I have seen some accounts of testi-
mony which it has been supposed was given
before the managers. Now, 1 want to say here,
once for all, that not one word as to the testi-
mony given befoie the committee to my knowl-
edge has ever gone out fiom the committee of
managers to any public paper. All such stories
in the papers are the stories of men who either
did not know about what they were telling, or
of witnesses themselves who are attempting to
prejudice the investigation. This being an ex
parte investigation, we thought it due to the
rights of all that everything should be kept
secret unless it was necessary to have it dis-
closed for the purpose of public justice. I for
one, and in that I know I speak for my asso-
ciates, have ever refused to give out a single
item of any kind of information, although the
attempt has been made to cross-examine me
by gentlemen of the press in their ardor and
enterprise after news.
But I do want to say here that of the testi-
mony given so far before the committee there
is not one substantial word of truth in the re-
ported testimony of Colonel Cooper, as pub-
lished in the National Intelligencer. I do not
say what he did testify. But I do say that he !
did not upon his oath testify what is there re-
ported in substantial fact.
One thing further. Your committee have
been attacked because of what has been claimed
to be a wholesale seizure of telegrams. Sir,
no such wholesale seizure of telegrams has
been made. We have done this, which is, in
my judgment, exactly according to the law of
the land, cxactly within the power of this
House ; exactly within the power of any court
of justice ; we sent our subpoena duces tecum.
to the telegraph offices, asked them to bring
their dispatches, and asked the managers of
the offices, either at our rooms or at home, and
select certain telegrams of parties named or
unnamed, as well as wc could designate them.
The reason why we had to go pretty broadly
in our selection was that the corrupt rascals
engaged in this nefarious business used all man-
ner of feigned names ; '"Hooker," "Bismarck,
jr.," " Prescott," "Potter," <fcc. "Hooker"
means sometimes Woolley; " Bismarck, jr., "
sometimes means Woolley; "Prescott" means
Sam Ward, and "0" means Sam Ward;
"Potter" means McCulloch. Andtherewere
a dozen other aliases, ciphers, which we had
to investigate.
And allow me to say it was not necessary so
to do—but if it had been necessary, in my
judgment it was the right, nay, it was the duty
of the House of .Representatives—to take in
every telegram in every office in the country
and examine it for the purposes of justice, and
of that no honest man would complain. There
is a couplet of my namesake. Anthony of JIu-
dibras, I believe, applicable here ;
"No rogue e'er felt the halter draw
With good opinion of the law."'
Therefore, when we struck these telegrams
there was a great fluttering. Among whom ?
Among the gold gamblers; among the whisky
gamblers; among the corrupt confederates who
admit that they met and consulted how Sena-
tors' votes could be bought. No honest, true
man complains or fears the investigation.
Sir, whatever may be the result of this in-
vestigation, one thing is quite certain j we have
now demonstrated to this country that there
has been a corrupt conspiracy to buy Senators.
And if it has failed, it has failed not for want
of the corrupt purpose and intent of the peo-
ple I have named, but because there was too
much virtue in the Senate. But upon the
question of that failure or success it does not
become me here and now to express any opin-
ion. The people of the country must and will
form their opinions for themselves.
The unfortunate result, a result humiliating
to every American, of this investigation has been
to show that there were men ready, high Gov-
ernment officials, to meet together, to receive,
and to entertain propositions, to consult upon
the question, and to reply to the question how
Senators could be bought; that state of things
is shown by the evidence reported beyond all
peradventure, beyond all doubt. How far they
have succeeded in their corrupt designs may
or may not be shown ; that is another portion
of this investigation which is not yet concluded.
We may be able to show it; if so, we can find
what this man Woolley did with his money.
Let me now call the attention of the House
to where this money of Woolley's came from.
Mr. Woolley and Mr. E. D. Webster and Mr.
Sheridan Shook met at the Astor House about
the 4th day of May, and they advised with Mr.
Thurlow Weed, upon Thurlow Weed's own
testimony, as to how Senators' votes could be
purchased by-money. Mr. Weed said that he
did not think much of the scheme. He does
not tell us that he advised against it upon any
ground except that it was not feasible. Weed,
Sheridan Shook, Webster, Woolley are there
in consultation on this subject. Woolley is in
correspondence with Warden, the President's
Private Secretary. Woolley comes here and
on the Oth of May telegraphs to Shook. What?
" My business is adjusted; put ten to my credit
at GiUiris, Harney it Co." Ten what? He
swears it was SH>,000. He sent for it under
the name of "Hooker," a cipher, to Shook.
Somebody does put §10,000 to the credit of
Woolley at Gilliss, Harney & Co., in New-
York, and Woolley draws against it. He takes
$10,000 in $1,000 bills. On the same day he
draws on Cincinnati and gets $."i,0G0 more.
Two days afterward he draws on Sheridan
Shook by the name of Hooker, saying to him
"Five more must be had—may be absolutely
necessary." At the same time he telegraphs
to Thurlow Weed, " Is the Albany party ready
for business," and Thurlow Weed sends down
the Albany party for business. They got then-
money through Gilliss, Harney & Co. by the
efforts of Shook, and the Albany party comes
to Washington ready for business, whereupon
we have the telegram from Woolley that goes,
"Impeachment has gone higher than a kite."
Now then, sir, under those circumstances
we looked at these telegrams, which were
brought us and we found this remarkable state
of facts: that every gambler, every goid specu-
lator, every one plundering the public knew
what the votes of Senators would be and that
no man who was an honest friend of the country
did know what the votes would be.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. BUTLER. For what?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
desire to know whether one of the witnesses
sworn before the committee, and to whom
reference is made in the report read to the
House, did not telegraph that "the impeach-
ment was lost;" that the verdict would be for
the President; and whether the witness did not
base his opinion solely upon the length of the
face of Manager Butmr? [Laughter.] That
that face indicated defeat, and he based his
telegram upon that alone? Was not that the
character of these telegrams? [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I will answer
the question of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
There is one Sam Ward, who, it is in evidence,
dined with Woolley and Evarts and Groes-
beok on Friday night, and at Welker's, who
telegraphs to his son in New York on the 18th
that "Potter," meaning McCulloch, would be
quiet all this week, i. e., would not sell gold all
this week; "defend my cause that is, buy
me $50,000 in gold ; " measure low enough
that is, gold is low enough. Sam Ward, the
morning of the vote in the Senate, telegraphs
in these words—and perhaps I had better read
them from the telegram. [Laughter.] 1 will
read from the telegram of this man which has
been brought out. lie first telegraphed on the
4th of May, when "these men are consulting
how to buy Senators in New York:" " S. W.
to Edmund Cooper. Will see you to-morrow-
early. S. W. to W. R."—somebody. I do not
quite read the name, who had bet for convic-
tion—" Hedge your bets."
On the 6th of May, the day that Woolley
said his business was arranged, Sam Ward
telegraphs S. M. Barlow, one of the later party
associates of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks :]
"All 0. IC., X think. Twice eleven sure."
That is, twice eleven makes twenty-two Sen-
ators sure. J. D. C. telegraphs to Sam Ward,
same date, May 6:
4 "Are you quite positive the statement contained
m your letters relative to particular person is e6r-
rect?"
And Sam Ward telegraphed backon thesame
6th of May:
"J. 0. Craig: I have it from such various reliable
sources that X would go to the bottomless pit for
my belief."
And there is where he will go. [Laughter.]
On the morning after Sam Ward telegraphed
to his brother gold gamblers in Wall"street:
" President's acquittal certain." This was at
twelve o'clock and live minutes exactly, before
the Senate had voted. Ilealsosent this piece
of important information:
''X just met "Bctlv-r going along the corridor with
a face as long as if Fort Fisher was not taken."
Now, I want to assure the gentleman from
Wisconsin and the gentleman "from New York
that I felt when I learned the result just as 1
did when Fort Fisher was not taken. I felt
that as great a calamity had befallen to this
country by the efforts of this corrupt con-
spiracy, by purchasing of the judges of the
highest tribunal of the land or other influences
which prevented conviction, as when my army
failed to take that stronghold of the rebellion ;
and my face, I have no doubt, had the same
overcast of griel on both occasions. I felt as
badly the tailure of the one as the other, mid
I am as willing hereafter to be twitted by any-
body tor the failure of the one as of the other.
