3604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
that; bnt if there is a difference in substance,
then you cannot say that the assent of the
Legislature of Florida, which she says was
given tc this, was given to a different thing that
she did not have before her. That is the
proposition.
The question, then, -with me is whether this
document that is presented is substantially the
fourteenth article. There does not seem to bo
any special question on the thirteenth. The
Legislature of Florida gives notice to the Uni-
ted States as follows by this resolve:
" Be it resolved hu the people of the State of Florida in
Senate and Assembly represented. That the following
proposed amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, known, &c., be, and the samo arc
hereby, adopted."
They give their assent to that which follows.
Mr. CONNESS. Known as what?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Known as the thirteenth
and fourteenth articles; but they say that that
which is known as the thirteenth and fourteenth
articles, and that to which they agree, is here
written ; and they say it in good faith. That
happened to be a misprint, I suppose, in the
copy that lhey happened to have before them.
Now, they assent to that. It turns out that
the article Congress proposed is an entirely
different thing. Are you to say that by a vote
adopting this the Legislature has adopted the
other and tiio different one? She says that
that article which is known as article fourteen
to which she agrees is here written in the fol-
lowing language. If that language is entirely
and substantially different upon a material
point, can you say that she has not agreed to
this, for which she has voted, and has agreed to
another and a different proposal, for which she
has not voted? If you can, you must possess
powers of legal logic 
Mr. CONKLING. What is the difference?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are coming to see
what the difference is, if there be any. The
only material difference—for I do not wish to
occupy time about, this—is that which Is con-
tained in the clause read by the Senator from
Missouri last:
/'Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without duo process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of' its laws."
That is to say, the laws of that individual
State. What kind of a constitutional amend-
ment would that be if Congress should pro-
pose it in that form ; if we had coolly said to
the State of Mississippi, -with her black code
and her unequal -suffrage code, " You shall
not deprive any person in the State of Missis-
sippi of the equal protection of your laws;"
that is to say, "you shall enforce your laws,
just as the laws themselves are required to be
enforced, upon all your persons according to
their respective conditions;" that is, "you
shall put your laws in process of execution
there fairly and fully." Then she would be
bound by such a constitutional provision to
exclude the black man from the suffrage, to
exclude him from the witness stand, and to
hang him upon the testimony of anyone white
man who might choose to complain ; whereas
the United States, in order to overcome that
very inequality of State laws, differing one
from another as to the equal rights of persons,
declared in the fourteenth amendment that the
States should not deprive any person within
their jurisdiction "of the equal protection of
the laws." What laws ? The laws of the land
which the Constitution of the United States
declares to be the acts of Congress made pur-
suant of it. That is what Florida was not to
deprive any person of within her jurisdiction—
the civil rights bill, which was carried through
this body by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Air. Trumbull.] Now, Florida agrees,
not by any intention, I do not wish to be under-
stood, but as it stands here written in what she
brings forward, that she will not deprive any-
body within her borders of the protection of
her own laws, will give them a lair chance
under just such laws as she chooses to enact;
and we call that a substantial agreement to
what we have proposed, which was that she
should not deny to anybody the protection of
the laws of the United States. That is all I
wish to say.
Mr. FliELINGIIUYSEN. I think the
Senator from Vermont bases his whole argu-
ment on an assumption and a presumption,
when the legal presumption is directly against
him. His whole argument is based on the
assumption that a true copy of the amendment
proposed by Congress was not sent to Florida.
The presumption of law is that a true copy
was sent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where do you get that
presumption?
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. The presump-
tion of law. is universal, and with which my
friend is very familiar, that every olEeer dis-
charges faithfully and correctly his duty unless
the contrary is shown. Therefore, the pre-
sumption is, that a true and correct copy was
sent, and not that an erroneous one was,
and that they did have the true amendment
before them, and that having it before them
they send us their certificate that they have
adopted the thirteenth and the fourteenth
amendments ; and that is enough.
But they go further than that. They recite
enough of those two amendments to farther
identify them than by their numbers. Why,
sir, not only every State but every citizen of
the United States knows, and is to be presumed
to know, as a matter of current history, what
this fourteenth amendment is. It is in every
newspaper ; every person reads it; and when
Florida sends us word that she has adopted the
fourteenth amendment, and the thirteenth
amendment that is enough. Can it be that the
fundamental law of a nation rests upon these
critical accuracies ? If you go and look at the
amendments which have been adopted—I have
never examined them—I venture to say that
you can prove that not a single amendment
has been adopted correctly to the Constitution,
if leaving out the word "the" or substituting
"us" for "the" is enough to upset a law.
This objection would hardly be sufficient on a
special demurrer to an indictment for counter-
feiting. There is a principle of law which
certainly we can invoke when we are dealing
with great national subjects; tie minimis non
curat lex; the law itself will not pay attention
to these little insignificant things.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say but a
word. I shall vote against this motion, but
for another reason than that which is satisfac-
tory to the minds of other gentlemen ; a rea-
son which is satisfactory to my own.
On the 3d of March, 1845, the State of
Florida was admitted into the Union as one
of the States of this Union. It has never been
out of the Union. An effort was made to take
it out of the Union, commencing in 18G0; but
that effort was overcome, and the State of
Florida remained in the Union, and has- con-
tinued to remain in the Union ever since its
first admission on the 3d of March, 1845. My
opinion is—I will not argue it, but simply state
it—that neither by secession nor rebellion was
it possible for the State of Florida to be taken
out of the Union, unless that rebellion were
consummated as a success and a triumph of
arms in the end against the Government. The
rebels had no power to cut their way out of the
Union by the sword, because we wrested the
sword out of their hands and compelled the
State to remain in the Union as one of the
States of the Union. Further, I hold it to be
equally clear that Congress has no power by
legislation to put a State out of the Union.
Neither secession nor the legislation of Con-
gress can accomplish it. The one is as much
against the Constitution as the other.
The Legislature of the State of Florida on
the 28th of November, 1806, elected Hon.
William Marvin as a Senator for the term com-
mencing on the 4th of March, 1867, to end on
the 4th of March, 1873; which is the precise
term for which the person who is now pro-
posed to be admitted was elected ; and, if 1 am
correct -and the paper which I have presented
to the Senate, I think, proves the election of
Mr. Marvin as a Senator occupying this very
term—I object to -another person being sworn
in to take a seat in the Senate in his place. I
desired that this question should be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary and passed
upon ; bnt the Senate have been unwilling to
do that, and therefore I have simply raised the
point, without arguing it.
I will conclude by saying that Judge Marvin,
who has been elected as a Senator from Flor-.
ida, is a gentleman of high intelligence and
high qualifications for the position. He was
before and during the whole rebellion a most
devoted friend to the Constitution and the
Union, giving no aid, countenance, or comfort
in any manner whatever to the rebellion ; was
himself acting as the judge of the district court
of the United States at Key West a portion of
the time, and therefore there can be no objec-
tion on the score of his not being entirely qual-
ified to take the office or to take the oath of
office which is required by law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. He says that Florida has
never been out of the Union. No one pre-
tends that it ever has been out of the Union ;
but this is a question of representation. I
should like to ask him if he holds that Florida,
with a confederate State government, was en-
titled to representation in Congress?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. While Florida was under
the control of the confederate arms it would
be impossible for Florida to hold an election
either for a member of the House- or a member
of the Senate ; but in 1866, almost a year and
a half after the war was over, after peace had
been proclaimed, and Congress had by law
recognized the fact that peace was proclaimed,
the Legislature of Florida, the State then being
in a peaceful condition, assembled and elected
the person to whom I have referred and whose
credentials I have presented to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do riot understand the
Senator to have answered the question which
1 propounded. He says that it was impossible
for Florida daring the rebellion while it had a
confederate State government to hold an elec-
tion. It was not physically impossible. Florida
could have elected Senators and Representa-
tives under that confederate State government;
and the question is, would those Senators and
Representatives, if elected, have been entitled
at that time to admission into Congress? I
should like to have the Senator make, if ho
pleases, a categorical answer to that question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have given the Sena-
tor the answer to the question. It was m Flor-
ida precisely as it would be in Oregon if there
was an insurrection there. If there was an
insurrection raging in Florida you could not
hold an election. If there was an insurrection
raging in the State of Maine, or if part of the
State of Maine was captured, as it once was by
British forces, you could not hold an election
there. But I do not wish to go into a dialogue
or a long discussion.
Mr. HOWE. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
a question.
Mr. HOWE. The question is, if in fact
Florida did not have a Legislature which met
annually during the years of the war, which met
and passed laws.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Florida organized a
war with the confederate States against the
Government of the United States, but in 1806
the war was over. Senators do not come to
the point I make at all. There was no war in
1866. Peace had been proclaimed, and Con-
gress by law had recognized the fact that peace
was proclaimed. There was no insurrection
and no interruption of the law.
Mr. HOWE. I asked permission to put a
question to my colleague, and he allowed me
to do it. Now I wish he wonlil answerit. The
question is, Did not Florida have a Legisla-
ture which met annually to pass laws through
every year of the war ? .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose those adher-
ing to the confederacy elected a Legislature,
