THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
sion to the Senate, and that body, after due
deliberation, to have determined against the
sufficiency of the alleged cause of suspension,
and (as authorized by the law) to have ordered
that Mr. Stanton resume the functions of his
office ; and that then Mr. Lincoln, having first
endeavored to seduce the temporary incum-
bent of the office not to surrender the office,
and having in this failed, should have issued
an order for the absolute and unqualified re-
moval of Mr. Stanton, and for the appoint-
ment of a successor, and that he by message
should have informed the Senate of what he
had done ; and let us suppose that the Senate
by resolution promptly informed Mr. Lincoln
that in his procedure he had acted contrary to
the Constitution and the laws, and that then
Mr. Lincoln had sent a message to the Senate
informing them that if he had known that his
own removal would be the consequence of the
removal of Mr. Stanton he would neverthe-
less have removed him ; then suppose that the
Representatives of the people had presented
articles of impeachment against Mr. Lincoln,
and the Senate had proceeded with the trial,
and that for three months, with all these notifi-
cations, Mr. Lincoln had persisted in his defiant
disobedience to the law and to the will of Con-
gress, and thus made the unavoidable issue
whether the law should be supreme, and
whether the ultimate power of government
was with one intrusted only to execute law, or
' with the Representatives of the people, would
Abraham Lincoln have been entitled to an
acquittal? No. If all the tenderness of feel-
ing which now clusters around the memory of
our martyred President had belonged to him
while living, and the issue had been thus con-
spicuously forced upon us, whether he should
remain in office and the law be contemned or
he be removed and its majesty vindicated, duty
would have impelled an adjudication for liis
removal.
The case I have supposed is that proved
against the respondent in these proceedings.
That justice which would have been executed
against Abraham Lincoln must be impartial
when applied to Andrew Johnson; and T shall
vote for conviction.
OPINION
OF
HON. ALEXANDER G. OATTELL
Having carefully considered the articles of
impeachment preferred by the House of Rep-
resentatives against Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, and the evidence
adduced in support thereof, and having arrived
at the conclusion that the charges contained in
the leading articles are fully sustained by the
proof, and that the acts therein charged and
proved being plain violations of the Constitu-
tion and of the laws of the United States, con-
stitute a misdemeanor in office, Ipropose to
state the grounds and reasons forthe conclusion
to which I have arrived.
If it may seem presumptuous for one unedu-
cated in the law to deal with a question which
has been illuminated by the discussions on
either side of the most learned lawyers in the
land. [ maybe permitted to say that, profoundly
impressed with the gravity of the issue, and
deeply sensible of the responsibility which
rests upon each individual Senator, I prefer to
state for myself and in my own language the
grounds upon which my verdict of guilty is
given. I propose to confine my remarks chiefly
to the consideration of the first three articles.
Stripped of all technicality the following is the
statement of the charges contained therein :
Article one charges the issuing of an order
in writing for the removal of Edwin M. Stan-
ton, Secretary for the Department of War, as
contrary to the Constitution and laws, and es-'
pecially as contrary to the act entitled "An act
to regulate the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867.
Article two charges the issuing and delivery
of a letter of authority to Lorenzo Thomas,
authorizing and empowering him to act as
Secretary for the Department of War, as a vio-
lation of the Constitution, and especially as
contrary to the tenure-of-office law.
Article three charges that Thomas was ap-
pointed without authority of law, without the
advice and consent of the Senate, and while it
was in session, when no vacancy had hap-
pened during the recess of the Senate, and no
vacancy existed at the time, with intent to vio-
late the Constitution.
The second and third articles, charging in
special and general terms the appointment of
Thomas as a violation of law, may, I think,
be held to present two distinct aspects of crim-
inality, namely, the unlawful appointment and
the unlawful removal which was declared in
the letter, and which is implied in, and is of
necessity accomplished by, the unlawful ap-
pointment ; and they are sustained if it is shown
that the appointment of Thomas alone is unlaw-
ful, or if it is shown that it was unlawful as
including the removal of Stanton, so that the
two acts taken together were criminal; for
the appointment to an office thereby unlawfully
vacated includes all the criminality of an unlaw-
ful removal.
But I propose to consider first the charge
contained in the first article, namely, the issu-
ing of the unlawful order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton. The fact that the order was issued is
proved, and, indeed, is admitted, in the answer
of the respondent. The inquiry, then, is, was
the removal of Mr. Stanton an act contrary to
the Constitution or laws of the United States?
If it was, then it was clearly a misdemeanor
in office.
The Constitution gives no such power of
removal directly to the President, and the
advocates of sueli a power can claim it only as
derived by implication from that clause which
affirms that ''the executive power shall be
vested in the President.''
Now, if we assume that the laws regulating
and restricting the power of removal, which
have been passed from time to time, including
the tenure-of-office act, are constitutional, and
that the power is subject to legislative con-
struction, then this power cannot be held to
be a quality inherent in the executive power as
conferred on the President by the Constitution.
If such a power ever existed as an element of
constitutional executive power, it could not be
curtailed or restricted by legislative enactment;
but it is restricted by these acts ; and if they
are admitted to be valid laws, which hitherto
has not been denied, the existence of the abso-
lute power of removal as an essential executive
quality is concluded.
All the implications of the Constitution are
against the idea that this power is in the Pres-
ident. The fact that the power of appointment
is given by the Constitution to the President
and Senate jointly would seem to deny him the
power to vacate an office which he could not
alone fill and create a vacancy which he cannot
alone supply. The provision that he may fill
vacancies "thai may happen during the recess of
the Senate,'' and then only until the next session,
would seem to deny him the power to fill any
vacancies other than those which happen, or to
fill any at any time other than " during the
recess of the Senate." Athing happens, in the
largest sense that can be given to that term,
when it comes to pass not by the motion of the
person whose action is affected by the happen-
ing. A vacancy does not happen when it
occurs by the action of him who is to fill it.
Theelause, then, does not provide forthe fill-
ing of vacancies which are made by removals,
but confines the President's power to other
vacancies, even in recess, and implies that
there shall be no removals unless the Senate is
in session and advise and consent.
The President, then, derives from the. Con-
stitution no power of vacatingby removal,
except by the nomination, confirmation, and
appointment of a successor. Whatever of
other power of removal is rightfully exercised
by him has been derived from the terms or
implications of legislative enactment. Assumed
necessity or convenience have conceded to him
the power during the recess of Congress, but
neither the language nor the implications of
legislative enactments have extended the
power; necessity or convenience do not de-
mand, nor has precedent sanctioned, its exer-
cise at any other time.
The case of Pickering, the only one cited
which has any similarity with the case under
consideration, does not make against the prin-
ciple contended for. The fact that an imme-
diate nomination to the Senate was stated in
the President's letter to Mr. Pickering to be
necessary, and the fact that it does not appear
that the nomination of his successor did not
precede the letter informing him of his re-
moval, together with the fact that it has never,
through sixty-eight years of immensely in-
creased patronage, been drawn into a prece-
dent for the exercise of such executive power,
show that the real circumstances of the case
were not such as to assert any executive claim
to this power.
But even if they were such, a single act,
standing alone and never repeated, through a
long lapse of years crowded with similar occa-
sions, should have ho weight as a precedent in
favor of the principle which it seems to illus-
trate, but, on the contrary, it may be inferred
that the act was not accepted as correct prac-
tice at the time, that the principle was disap-
proved of, and the practice ever since discon-
tinued. Thus it appears to me that even before
the passage of the "tenure-of-office law," or
even if Mr. Stanton's case is not included in
it, the removal charged in the first article was
an act unauthorized by the Constitution or.the
law, principle or precedent.
I am not unaware of the fact that the views
which I have thus briefly stated, questioning
the President's power of removal, as a consti-
tutional prerogative in the absence of legisla-
tive enactment, are controverted by many.
Differences of opinion on this point exist now
as they did at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution, and among the distinguished men
of the first Congress. An examination of the
debates which took place in the Congress of
178'J upon the acts establishing the several
Departments, will show that the eminent states-
men of that day differed widely in their con-
struction of the Constitution as to the Presi-
dent's power in this regard. But whatever
differences of opinion may have existed then
or may exist now upon this point, one thing is
clear, the'power has been considered a proper
subject for legislative construction from the
time of the First Congress down to the present
day, and it is too late now to question the right
of legislative control over the subject.
Mr. Manager Bingham quotes the authority
of Webster in proof of the position that the
provisions of the acts of 1789, establishing the
Departments of State and War, which provide
an officer to have charge of the records, &c.,
"whenever the said principal officer shall be
removed from office by the President,'' was a
I grant of power, and from that day to this Con-
i gress has exercised the power to giant and to
| regulate the power of the Executive in this par-
i tieular, and the right has never been seriously
1 questioned or the constitutionality of the laws
i: doubted.
i! In pursuance of this practice the Thirty-
; Ninth Congress passed, March 2,1867, the act
i entitled ''An act to regulate the tenure of eer-
" tain civil offices," which covers the whole
'i question of removal from and appointment to
office in all cases not specially provided for by
the Constitution. This law, framed to restrain
■, the President in the exercise of the lesser
■i power of arbitrary removal during the recess,
f certainly by its spirit, scope, and object intends
. to deny, and most clearly in all its terms and
i. implications does deny and conclude the laiger
power of arbitrary removal "during the ses-
sion of the SenateLet us examine the pro-
i visions for a moment, in their bearing^ on this
case. The terms of the law define in strict
language tlie limits of executive authority on
i this subject. Its passage over the veto of the
