1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
Canby; that two companies of tlie fourth artillery,
which had been detached during General Canby's
command ot the department, one of them to the
northern frontier to assist in putting down the Fenian
difficulties, had been returned to theirregimentsta-
tioned at lorfc McHenry, Baltimore; that though the
command had been increased in the number ol com-
panies, I was under theimpressionthatthereduction
in the numerical strength of the command, growing
out ot the order which reduced infantry and artillery
companies from the maximum of the war establish-
ment to the minimum of the peace establishment,
more than offset what was gained by the additional
companies. The President s'aid, 'I refer to more
recent changes/ I said I did not know exactly what
lie referred to by recent changes; thatnone had been
made to my knowledge; that if he would give me
some ideaof who had madethe report to him, or what
the report was which he had received, I could, per-
haps, give him a more definite answer. He said
reports had reached him that within the last day or
two, certain orders and new arrangements of troops
had been made. I assured hiin that none had been
made with my knowledge, and that X did not believe
that any had been made without my knowledge; that
under the recent orders, founded upon the laws of
Congress, for the government of the armies of the
UnitedStates, approved by him, no order could come
to ine except through General Grant, and that, rea-
soning fromanalogy,it was assumed in the army that
no order could be given to any one under my com-
mand without coming through me; that if, by any
possibility, an order had been given, without coming
through me, it was the duty of the officer receiving
it immediately to notify me. iie then asked mc,
'What order do you rotor to?' I stated that I re-
ferred to order No. 15 or 17,1 could not recollect which,
that hud been published to the Army some time in
May last. He said, 'I wish to bee the order.' I
replied to himthatl wouldsendforit. Hosaid/No,
I have all the orders about the house,' and a mes-
senger was sent tor it. At that time Colonel Cooper
came in, and occupied the President's attention for
some time upon another subject, as X supposed, for I
withdrew to the other end of theroom. While there,
the messenger came and brought the order. Alter
Colonel Cooper had gone out, I returned to the Pres-
ident. with this order in my hand, and said, 'Mr.
President, I will take it as a great favor if you will
fermit me to call your attention to this order or act.
t passed in an appropriation bill, and it is possible
you may neverhaveseen it.' He took the ordcrand
read it aud observed: 'Thisis not in accordance with
the Constitution of the United States, which makes
me Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, or
with the language of the commission which youhold.'
I stated to him that was not a matter for officers to
determine; there was the order sent to us, approved
by him, and we were all governed by that order.
"Question. Do you mean that the order or the act
was approved by the President?
"Answer. I mean the act: but as far as that was
concerned, the order and the act approved by him
are the same thing; for the order contained nothing
but the act. He said, ' am I to understand that the
l^resident of the United States cannot give an order
but through the(xeneral-in-Chief or General Grant?'
I replied, 'Mr. President, that is the order whmhyou
approved and which has been issued tor the govern-
ment of the Army, and I think it due to you to say
that when this order first came out it was very much
discussed in the Army, and somo of the leading law-
yers of the country were consulted as to what the
duty of an oiheel' was under that law and order,' and
I observed, 'one of them whom I consulted, and X
consider him, perhaps, one of the greatest constitu-
tional lawyers in the country, gave it as his very de-
cided opimonthatwe were bound by it. AndX think
it right to tell you that on this subject the Army is a
unit.' He asked me who the lawyers were. X told
him the one I consulted was a kinsfolk of mine, Rob-
ert J. Walker, and that X had understood, though I
did not know of ray own knowledge, that others had
consulted Mr. Reverdy Johnson, who, it was re-
ported, held the same opinion. ThePresidentrephcd,
f the object of the law is very evident.' After a short
pause seeing there was nothing more to say X thanked
him tor the courtesy with which he had permitted
me to express my own opinion and lett the house.
"Question. Did the President, in any form, inquire
whether you would obey an order it it was sent to
3'ou without going through the headquarters of the
General?
As nearly as I can recollect, there was
not a word said that X have not put down, though X
could, of course, not swear that X had putdown every
woid uttered. You may &ec by my testimony that X
myself introduced the subject of Order No. 17, which
involves this question. There were a variety of
rumors running abouttownthatGeneralThomashad
given oiders, or that ho had declared ho was going to
give orders, and I thought it my duty to state the
situation fairly and squarely to the President."
Testimony of Colonel George W. Wallace.
" Washington, d. 0., February 26,186s.
"George W. Wallace sworn and examined:
" By the Chairman:
" Question. You are connected with the Army ?
"Answer. I am lieutenant colonel in the Army,
commanding the garrison of Washington.
" Question. How long have you been m command ol
the garrison of Washington ? , , ,
"Anvtcer. Since the latter part of August last.
"Question. Have you, at any tinie, had any conver-
sation or correspondence with the I resident ot the
United States nAegaid to military attairs, move-
ments, or operations? , , ..
"Answer. 1 hail a brief conversation with him on
Sunday morning liisi. ...
"Question. Had you the conversation at his l cqutst I
"Answer. The circufaasfcance occurred in this way:
I was called to the Executive Mansion to see one of
his secretaries, Colonel Moore; and while in conver-
sation with him I asked how the President was. He
replied that he was very well, and then asked if I
would like to see him and pay my respects to him. I
said certainly, and in a few moments I was invited
into his room.
" Question. Did you have a conversation with him
in regard to military matters?
"Answer. Yes, sir; a brief conversation.
"Question. State what that conversation was ?
"Answer. The President asked me if any changes
had been made in the forces under my command. I
replied that four companies of the twelfth infantry,
the regiment to whicn I properly belong, had been
sent to Charleston, or rather to that military district,
the 7th of January; that beyond that there had been
been none.
"Question. Had you any further conversation?
"Answer. No,sir; thatwasall that occurred in ref-
erence to military .operations.
"Question. He made no reply to your statement as
to the change in tho affairs of your command ?
"Answer. No, sir; nothing occurred beyond that.
"By Mr. Wilson :
"Question. Bid anything further occur with regard
to military matters of any character?
"Answer. No, sir; that was the only conversation
that Iliad with him with regard to military mattcis.
Indeed I may say it was all that transpired with ro-
gard to any matter except a mere passing remark.
"By tho Chairman:
*'Quest ion. Had Colonel Moore any previous knowl-
edge or expectation that you wero to call about that
time?
"Answer. Colonel Moore expected to see me Sunday
morning.
" Question. What led Ilim to expect you?
"Answer. He addressed me a note the day pre-
vious, saying he desired to see me; that he would
call upon me in person, but that he was very much
occupied. His object in sending for me, however,
was upon an entirely different matter.
" By Mr. Bingham:
" Question. Did the President say anything to you
whatever about tho War Department matter, or the
Secretary of War, that morning?
"Answer. No, sir. Colonel Moore sent for mo in
regard to a personal matter concerning myself."
Sir, this testimony requires neither analysis
nor answer, for it at once answers and explains
itself, and shows how wicked and absurd is
this inexcusable persecution of the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic. Sir, the country needs
repose, not agitation. From every quarter we
hear tho cries of distress and loud complaints
against our tardy action in giving relief to the
people. In every journal we read of large
meetings of manufacturers protesting against
our most odious and corrupt system of collect-
ing the public revenues; of meetings of the
people demanding equality of taxation and
that a stop be put to the profligate expenditure
of the people's money ; and the mails are bur-
dened with pamphlets suggesting remedies for
the coming financial crisis, which a civil con-
vulsion would at once precipitate into a condi-
tion of general bankruptcy and ruin. Sir, I
do not charge, and would regret to believe,
that civil war is contemplated by the leaders
of the Republican party, and yet there are
just grounds for serious apprehension. The
very air is filled with rumors of the proposed
movements of "the Grand Army of the lie-
public," and the Governors of the great States
of Pennsylvania, Illinois, and Missouri have
telegraphed that "the spirit of 1861 seems
again to be aroused;" that "troops are rap-
idly tendering their services to sustain the
laws."
Sir, it was upon the pretense of sustaining
the laws that the first Napoleon, by the aid of
a grand army of the republic, which was the
title of the revolutionary army of Franco,built
his imperial throne on the ruins of the free
institutions of that country. It was upon tho
pretense of advancing the cause of human
liberty that the third Napoleon became a mem-
ber of the French Assembly, then prince-pres-
ident, and finally, by the aid of the troops of
another grand army of the republic, "who
tendered their services to sustain the laws,"
the tyrant was enabled to plant his heel upon
the necks of the French people. It was as the
pretended champion of freedom that Crom-
well became "Protector" of England; and it
was in the name of liberty that the free citi-
zens of Kome were reduced to servitude. •
Sir, to what are all these dangeis, all these
evils to be attributed? To the madness of
party spirit; to the stupid blindness of parti-
san zeal. Party has usurped the place of coun-
try ; and to be an active partisan is esteemed
to be more honorable than to be an unselfish
patriot. A life and death issue has been joined
between party and country; and if the Repub-
lican. party survives, our liberties perish. The
whole question is with the people. If they have,
still sufficient public virtue to remember with
affection the free institutions which formerly
secured their rights, they cannot be enslaved.
But if deaf to the cries of outraged liberty, if
blind to the monstrous wrongs which are being
daily committed, then, indeed, they are slaves
now, and they will not be kept long in waiting
for the manacles which are already forged.
Sir, the day for the Republican party to do
good to the country has long gone by, and its
existence in the future can only be productive
of evil. Thousands of good and true men are
within its ranks, and if they will but obey the
silent monitor which ever whispers to them
that their party leaders are not longer to be
trusted, their country, our common country,
will yet be saved.
We are told that a house divided against
itself cannot stand. How is it with the Repub-
lican house? At deadly war within itself. The
President elected by the Republican party im-
peached by the party which placed him in
power. The Supreme Court of the United
States, a majority of whose judges were ap-
pointed by President Lincoln, is held in con-
tempt, and spoken of in terms of derision by
those who are to-day the leaders, if not the
acknowledged masters of the Republican party.
Thus, sir, we have the remarkable spectacle
of a President, a Congress, and a Supreme
Court, all placed in power by the Republican
party and all at war with each other. Is it not
evident that our institutions can only be rescued
by the wise, fearless, and prompt action of the
people. If in their hearts love of country and
the sacred love of liberty have a deeper and a
firmer hold thap the love of party, then will the
union of the States be restored, and peace, pros-
perity, and good-will once more smile upon our
battle-scarred land. But if we, as a people,
have become so venal and degenerate as to
prefer being the mere serfs of party masters
rather than enjoy the rights of self-government
as freemen, then, indeed, we are already hope-
lessly lost.
Mr. MULL1NS. Mr. Chairman, I now pre-
sume to intrude upon the attention of theHouse
a few crude ideas upon a subject deserving the
most careful consideration of every discrimi-
nating and honest mind. Mr. Chairman, we
are now arraigning the highest offender known
to the people of this country. I am about to
discuss the case of a man who claims to be of
exceedingly humble origin ; and this humble
individual whose case it falls to my lot to deal
with cannot think at all hardly of me when I,
coming from as humble a walk in life as him-
self, am recognized as his peer. I have reason
to thank God that amid missiles of death,
floating as thick as the locusts of Egypt, I have
been spared for some purpose best known to
God. I presume that the duty devolving upon
me at the present hour is one of the purposes
for which I have been spared. I desire to dis-
charge this duty to the best of my ability, with-
out prejudice or partiality, and with no inten-
tion to inflict any wrong or injustice upon any
human being.
It is claimed by some gentlemen in this House
that this man of crime, sitting in a high place
in our Government, has committed no political
sin, no legal wrong, no violation of the Con-
t stitution. But, before considering that ques-
! tion, 1 wishtosayaworduponthequestionof the
jurisdiction of Congress in this case. I say, sir, it
is clear from the Constitution itself that this
House and the Senate constitute the only tribu-
nal having cognizance of such a case as the pres-
ent. Under the fundamental organism of our
Government this power exists nowhere else.
The sole power of impeachment is vested in
the Congress of the United States. Sir. when
the President of the United Slates tramples
upon the rights of the people, when he umups
both the legislative and judicial power of the
