1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3605
Mr. HOWE. And if that Legislature met
to pass laws, could not that Legislature choose
Senators in spite of the war? Will my col-
league answer?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague is putting
a case which of course it is impossible to sup-
pose could exist. The confederate assembly
met, making war on the United States. Is it
supposable that they could elect or would e-lect
Senators in Congress?
Mr. CQNNESS. If they did what?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But if they did elect
Senators in Congress that were against this
Government, could not this Senate take care
of itself and keep them out? I will ask ray
colleague if he says that Florida was ever a
State out of the Union. I wish, he would
answer my question categorically. Was Flor-
ida ever a State out of this Union?
Mr. HOWB. No.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask him another
question. If under the Constitution Florida
was a State in this Union was she not entitled
to two Senators in this body ?
Mr. HOWE. While she-was a State in the
Union she was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
Mr. IIOWE. Butto be a State in the Union,
which entitles her to two Senators, it was neces-
sary for her to have a government which could
clect the Senators ; and I have besn trying to
get my colleague to say whether during the
war she had such a government oi>.not. He
says she could not elect because of the war ;
and the Senator from Oregon says that did
not make it physically impossible, and my
colleague repeated that it made it, impossible.
I asked him to confess whether Florida did or
did not have a Legislature which met to enact
laws? He says yes. I asked if when they met
to enact laws they could not have gone through
the form of choosing Senators. He seems to
think that possibly they might; but he says
if they did choose Senators the Senate could
take care of itself and reject them. But what
right has the Senate to reject them if the Legis-
lature have a right to choose them and do
choose them? Can the Senate reject repre-
sentatives from States which have a right to
elect and which do elect?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the Senate has
shown that it has the right and the power to
keep men out of this body for treason, or to
expel them for treason. The Sen ate certainly
lias exercised that power to expel or prevent
men fium coming into this body when they
were elected from States that had never been
in the rebellion ; and it would be most extraor-
dinary if the Senate could not expel or keep
out persons from States that were in actual
war against the Government of the United
States. I admit that when the State was in
actual war against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and the Legislature was at war with
ns, and their troops were at war, if it were not
physically impossible that they should enter
into an election of Senators to this body, it
would be, in my judgment, morally impossible
that they should attempt to do it; and, in the
second place, if they did attempt to do it, as a
matter of course it would be morally impossi-
ble to suppose that the Senate would permit
men in arms against the Government to come
in here and take places in the Senate.
But, sir, the point I make is this: in I860,
almost two years after the war was closed,
after the rebellion was suppressed and Con-
gress by law had admitted the fact that the
rebellion was suppressed, the. Legislature of
Florida peacefully assembled and elected the
gentleman whose credentials I have seat to
the Chair. They certainly had the right to
do it.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to my friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] that he shorten this
debate. His colleague's opinions will be found
in the last veto message, and therefore it is not
worth while to prolong this discussion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask, in no cap-
tious spirit, a question of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr, Doouttlk,] 1 wish to know
the theory upon which he proceeds. I do not
know whether he was one of the Senators,
almost the entire body, who voted at one time
that Florida had not a right to be represented
in the Electoral College?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. While the insurrection
was going on. It was impossible for Florida
to elect electors while a war was going on. So
itwould be in Rhode Island if there were a
rebellion there.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand that
Congress resolved that it was impossible for
Florida to elect, but that Florida had no right
to elect, whether possible or not. If Congress
assumed at a certain time that Florida had no
right to be represented in che Electoral Col-
lege—which depends, I take it, upon the same
principle as representation in the two Houses
of Congress—is not the Congress the power to
decide when that disability ceases?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before this election in
Florida took place Congress had by law recog-
nized the proclamation of the President which
proclaimed that the war had ceased and the
rebellion was suppressed. Congress by law
had recognized that fact before this election
took place.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I understand that
Congress resolved, and I think my friend from
Wisconsin voted with the great body of the
Senate—I think the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] and two others were the only ones
who voted in the negative—that Florida had no
right under existing circumstances to repre-
sentation in the Electoral College, and Con-
gress has not yet voted that it has the right to
be represented ; and I take it that, the repre-
sentation in the Electoral College depends pre-
cisely upon the same principle that should
govern representation in the two Houses of
Congress. Therefore, it seems to me, if Con-
gress has a right to affirm the disability, it de-
pends upon Congress to say when the disability
ceases.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree with the Senator
that while the war was going on in 1SC4 Con-
gress passed a joint resolution in which they
declared that the electors chosen for President
and Vice President in the States where the
insurrection was.going on should not be counted
in the Electoral College. They said substan-
tially that in those insurrectionary States; but
it only applied to that single time, and since
that time the proclamation of peace and the
passage of a law by Congress recognizing the
proclamation of peace occurred before this
election of Mr. Marvin in Florida.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will allow
me to say that he does not meet my question.
His argument is that the time had come when
Congress ought to declare this disability had
•ceased ; but Congress, I presume, is to judge
of that time for itself; and although it may be
true that Congress ought to have declared that
Florida was entitled to representation before,
yet inasmuch as Congress did not so declare,
if the first affirmation of disability was valid
is it not necessary that Congress should remove
that disability before Florida is entitled to
representation ? I wish to kjiow what is the
theory of the Senator upon that point, and I
do not ask in any captious spirit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Sen-
ator in a single word that my theory is pre-
cisely this : each House has a perfect right to
judgeofthe election, qualifications, and it-turns
of its members ; the Senate for itself, the House
of representatives for itself. If a man applies
to be admitted here as a Senator this House will
judge, and has the right to judge, whether the
State which purports to send him was in a con-
dition to elect him or not. Precisely so in rela-
tion to a district represented in the House of
Representatives. If, for instance, an insurrec-
tion is existing in a single congressional district
of a State the election in that district may be
void, because it is impossible to hold an election.
| Take the case of the State of my honorable
! friend from Maine. The British captured one
congressional district in that State in 1812.
They could not elect a member of Congress at
thattime who could-be admitted to the House,
for they were not in a condition to elect. Sup-
pose they had captured two or three or four
districts of the State of Maine, itcould notpre-
ventthe other disti-icts from electing a member
of the House, and the House is to judge whether
the election has taken place fairly or unfairly ;
whether the people have had a fair opportunity
to elect and have elected. The House will
judge for itself. The Senate will not judge for
the House, nor the House for the Senate.
That is precisely the true theory, in my judg-
ment.
I did not intend to make a speech nor take
up the time of the Senate; but gentlemen have
put questions to me on this matter, and I have
answered, endeavoring to be as brief as pos-
sible. I have no disposition to prolong the
debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the Senator-elect from Florida
now be permitted to take the oath with a view
to admission to his seat in the Senate of the
United States ?
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to make another effort
to send this supposed resolution of the Legis-
lature ol Florida ratiiying the constitutional
amendment to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I do not exactly know whether a motion of
that kind is in order at this moment or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it is.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Vermont
says " certainly it is." All I want is that we
shall delay action upon the credentials of the
Senator l'rom Florida until we have a report
upon this supposed ratification. That is what
1 wish to get at; but I do not know exactly
how to do it unless it be to make a double
motion to lay the credentials of the Senator
from Florida on the table and to refer the res-
olution of the Legislature of Florida to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A simple motion to refer
would take them both there.
Mr. DRAKE. That motion has already
been put and negatived.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But after debate you can
move to refer again at any time.
Mr. DRAKE. If it is in order, I make that
motion, to lay the credentials of the Senator
from Florida on the table, and to refer the res-
olution of the Legislature of Florida to the
Judiciuiy Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those are
two separate motions.
Mr. DRAKE. There are two separate papers,
and we must deal with them, it seems, separ-
ately. They are both presented in support of
the claim of the gentleman to be admitted as s,
Senator on the floor. Now, the question is
whether I can make a motion that relates to
both of the papers or a separate motion for
each paper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no doubt the Senator can move to lay either
or both on the table.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, for the purpose of
getting at an authoritative expression on the
part of the Senate by its Judiciary Committee
as to whether this constitutional amendment
has been ratified, and with a view to send that
resolution of the Legislature of Florida to that
committee. I move, in the first instance, to
lay the credentials of the Senator from Florida
on the table.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask if it would not he in
order to move a reconsideration of the vote by
which the motion to refer the credentials to
the Committee on the Judiciary was negatived?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
that would be in order if any Senator chooses
to make the motion.
Mr. CORBETT. Then, if the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his motion, I will move
to reconsider that vote.
Mr. DRAKE. I will withdraw it, of course,
All I want is to get the matter before the com-
mittee. , „
Mr. CORBETT. I voted against the refer-
ence of this question to the Judiciary Commit-
tee) bat I think fhe points made b.y the Senate
