1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2581
i I did my duty to the best of my ability in both
cases, and in both cases, in my belief, was over-
' come by the joint efforts of rebel enemies, cor-
^ ruptiou, imbecility, and fraud. Fort Fisher
! would have been taken and the President con-
victed, both equally necessary for the security
: of this country, but for the efforts and appli-
; ances of those equally the enemies of the
country.
I was about saying, when I was interrupted
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, that all
these men seemed to know the fact of these
votes for acquittal. The whole air was redo-
lent with charges of corruption against the
Senators. They taint the air. They flow over
upon everybody. They flow even upon the
Chief Justice. This Woolley expressly declares,
in a telegram to his associate, that on the night
of the ISth a meeting of Senators who voted
for acquittal was held in Chief Justice Chase's
house for the purpose of forming a new party.
I had supposed that it was equally corrupt to
have party bribes as to have money bribes for
Senators' votes. I suppose a Senator can be
as well bribed by being offered a Secretaryship
of the Treasury under Andrew Johnson as by
being paid ยง20,000 by Mr. Woolley under the
darkness of night. Each might be a bribe to
swerve either from his duty; therefore I desirg
that there should be an investigation as full,
ample, and complete as the gentleman from
New York can desire; so that the good name
and fame of every true man may be cleared,
and the guilt, if guilt there bo, fasten itself
upon the wicked and corrupt.
One word further m behalf of the commit-
tee upon the question of our use of the tele-
graph. No telegram that does not relate to
this impeachment, directly or indirectly, as we
believe, has been or will be published to the
world.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman permit
rue to ask a question?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the gentleman brought
up here George Wilkes's telegrams or Theo-
dore Tilton's? Has he called for them? Has
he got them ? .
Mr. BUTLER. To that I say, sir, I have
never known any such act of disloyalty or dis-
honesty on the part of Theodore Tilton or
George Wilkes as to lead me to investigate
their affairs in any way or form. Every man
is known by the company he keeps ; and I only
investigated, so far as I was concerned, the
cases of those who froin the very suspicious
company they kept I thought were disloyal,
and were willing to buy Senators or do any-
thing else that God will permit bad men to do.
Whenever I heard of such a man I wanted to
see his telegrams, and the result is before the
House.
Now, sir, I say again there need bo no fear
of any telegrams being exposed that ought not,
to be exposed. Let me say further, in jus-
tice to the committee, that every Government
on earth has always held for itself the right, to
examine papers for its own protection. The
British Government held to that right during
the Chartist excitemcut, even to examine let-
ters in its post office.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask another question?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I. wish to know if he
ever knew an instance in any parliamentary
body where an investigation was had in which
all the members of the committee were on one
side of the question? In this case here is a
question of impeachment. That, perhaps, is
the central idea with which the gentlemen are
pursuing the investigation. It is so said, at all
events. Now, did the gentleman ever know
an investigation in any parliamentary body
where both sides were not lepreseuted? And
can it be expected that a full and fair investi-
gation should be had where all the members
of the committee are of one way gf thinking,
where all of them believe, for instance, that
Theodore Tilton is an upright and pure man
and that Mr. Woolley is a disloyal and cor-
rupt man? Would it not have been fairer if
there had been somebody on the committee
on the other side who was a friend of Mr.
Woolley?
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin a single question. The
question here is as to the bribery of Senators.
Which side of that question is he on ? Is he
for bribery or against it? Yes, or no ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is not
quite fair in not answering my question first;
but I will answer the gentleman's question as
I understand it. I do not understand that this
question is simply that which the gentleman
states, because, if it were that, then the com-
mittee of managers would not be the proper
committee to investigate it. The resolution
which authorized them to do this work was put
upon the ground that they were investigating
still with reference to a further impeachment
or trial.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 did not yield for a speech.
I want an answer to my question. Which side
are you on on the bribery question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman asks
me whether I am in favor ot bribery, I do
not suppose he is serious in asking the ques-
tion. No one. I believe, ever made such a
charge 
Mr. BUTLER. I do not charge it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not suppose the
gentleman means by implication to impute to
me any such charge.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I do not think the
gentleman desires that his question shall be
answered. I certainly think that he would feel
himself indignant and insulted if I put the
question to him "Are you in favor of bribery ?''
1 have made no imputation against the com-
mittee. 1 simply asked if it was fair to have
a committee all upon one side of the question
of impeachment.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me now to answer
exactly as I supposed the gentleman would
answer. He is not in favor of bribery ; I never
supposed he was. Therefore all the commit-
tee are on the same side of the questions under
investigation he is, every one. [Laughter.] And
if we took the gentleman on the committee we
should only have an enlarged committee all
on one side of this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, now, the gentle-
man has answered his own question : I wish
he would answer mine.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield further. I
was about saying simply this in regard to this
idea of want of power for the seizure of tele-
grams, that we have done no more than may
be done by every justice of the peace in the
country; he may issue his subpoena duces
tecum, to the telegraph operator and call for
such telegrams as he designates, whether by
name or otherwise.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman allow me
one minute?
Mr. BUTLEll. Yes. sir.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker. I am impelled
by a profound sense of duty to say one word,
and that is that in my opinion it is a violation
of public justice, where the object is to make
an inquest of improper conduct or of corrup-
tion in regard to a high State trial, to deposit
that inquest wholly in the hands of one party.
I declare here that in my opinion it is a violation
of the instincts of the Anglo-Saxon race and
of the traditions of Anglo-Saxon liberty ! I
want corruptions exposed. I want them fer-
retted out. 1 want them brought to the light
of day, and the men who are guilty of them
scourged as they merit.
Mr. I5UTLEU. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. BAKER. One word more and I am
done. The investigation, so long as there is
any inculpation existing, should be carried on.
I am in favor of its going on. But in opposi-
tion, if need be, to all my party friends or to
as many millions as could uplift their hands
under the face of heaven, 1 protest against an
tx parte inquest into great public transactions
of this character. [Slight applause.]
Mr. BUTLER. Has the gentleman fin-
ished ?
Mr. BAKER. Yes, sir; I liave done.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman now
answer me a question? Does he believe him-
self capable of conducting an investigation
fairly ?
Mr. BAKER. I should hope I would be
capable of doing so if I were a member of an
investigating committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I then have to say to the
gentleman that if he thinks he can conduct an
investigation fairly, he will accord to his asso-
ciates here the same purpose and power of
fairness. By the very stand he takes on this
question he shows that he can do so, and will
he not believe that his associates can do tho
same thing?
If this was a mere party matter, if this in-
vestigation affected party only, I would agree
to ask party to come into the matter. But
this rises above and beyond party. Sir, I have
heard enough, and more than enough of charges
about party in this matter. Whenever we on
our side do anything about impeachment, the
cry of "party" is at once raised; whenever
they on the other side do anything about im-
peachment, it is " conscientious judgment."
Whenever they vote against impeachment in
solid phalanx, as they always do on every ques-
tion, never failing, although some of their
bread-and-butter is dependent upon their votes,
that is " conscientious judgment." Whenever
we vote for impeachment, to save the country
and protect the liberties of the people, whether
in tins or the other House, that is l! party."
Whenever we investigate fraud, we are told
we cannot do it because of " party." When-
ever we propose to look after corruption, they
get up and insist that their party will be in-
jured unless they can have a representative of
their party on their side of that question.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman yield for
I will yield no further.
I wish to correct a misrep-
I have made no misrepre-
an interruption ?
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. BAKER.
resentation.
Mr, BUTLER.
sentatiou.
Mr. BAKER. I only say I wish to lift this
proceeding above party.
Mr. BUTLEll. I ask that the vote be now
taken.
The question was upon the resolution; and
being taken, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to rcconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDox-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 218) for the relief of John M.
Palmer, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
hour of mektixg to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that it be oidered that the hour
of meeting to morrow be eleven o'clock a. m.
I make this motion in order that if the warrant
of the Speaker shall reach the witness Woolley
he may be heard at once at the bar of the
House without any delay. At twelve o'clock
precisely the House will be called upon to
attend at the bar of the Senate.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative) the motion was agreed to.
seizure of private papers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution for consideration at
this time.
Mr. BEAMAN and others objected.
