174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
or tlie common law, and that therefore there
was no jurisdiction, and upon such question
thus made the House of Lords had decided
that notwithstanding the acts charged did not
come within the statute or the common law
yet they still had jurisdiction over him by
impeachment upon an unindictable offense, the
case would have been in point, if the Senate
of the United States is bound or should be
bound by their decisions as authority. Now,
Mr. Chairman, the point is that the articles
were based upon acts made criminal by the law
of England, and no question was made by any
of the Crown lawyers that the earl was liable
to impeachment outside of the statute or the
common law. On the contrary, the whole force
of their argument was to show that every act
charged in the articles were indictable offenses,
either by the statutes of 12 Richard II, 5 Ed-
ward VI, 14 Edward III, or by the common
law. All this shows, Mr. Chairman, that both
counsel and court in that case were trying
Thomas Earl of Macclesfield by the rules and
penalties of some known and positive law, and
not by the loose and vague and shadowy rule
enunciated in the majority report, to wit: "those
canons of interpretation that are supposed to
rule in the construction of the fundamental
laws of a great State."
Mr. Chairman, I propose mainly to confine
myself to the consideration of some of the legal i
and constitutional questions which lie at the
foundation of an impeachment of a President '
of the United States. In doing so, sir, I shall I
endeavor to treat the subject fairly, and with
as much fullness as the brief period I have had
for investigation has permitted to me. Sir, it
belonged to the House of Representatives to
have considered well every step it took in rela-
tion to the late impeachment. To have com-
mitted an error or perpetrated a wrong would
leave the country without remedy; for it is a
proceeding from which there is no appeal and ,
to which no writ of error lies. We sit here,
even in this House, in the quasi character of a
grand inquest of the nation, and more as
jurors than legislators. We should, therefore,
if that were possible in times like these, divest
ourselves of all passion and prejudice; and,
above all, we should avoid all usurpation of
powers whatever.
Mr. Chairman, the late proceeding was the
first time in the history of the Government
that a President of the United States was
60ught to be impeached for a crime under the
Constitution ; and the pertinent and leading
question presented to the legal mind is, what
are the crimes contemplated by the Constitu-
tion for which an impeachment will lie against
the Chief Magistrate of the nation? Did the
framers of the Constitution intend to include
only the higher grade of crime, or did they
mean to adopt, as a fit subject-matter of im-
peachment, the entire scale of penal offenses,
from treason down to a simple assault and bat-
tery? Or still further, did they intend, by the
language used, to comprehend unindictable as
well as indictable public wrongs? The lan-
guage of the Constitution is:
" Tfio President, Vice President and all civil offi-
cersoi the United istatcs. shall be removed from office
on imppaehinent tor, and conviction of, treason, brib-
ery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
It is claimed by the advocates of impeach-
ment that any misdemeanor of even the lowest
grade, or at least that any act which would
have been a misdemeanor at the common law,
is covered by and included in this clause of
our Constitution. I shall show, sir, before I
take my seat, that the common law can have
nothing to do in fixing the body of the crime,
either in a constitution or a statute, in this coun-
try. I he true reading of this clause, in my
opinion, will apply the qualifying term "high"
as well to misdemeanors as to crimes. In this
sense it should be construed to read " or
other high crimes and high misdemeanors."
It the framers of the Constitution had not
intended this they would have simply said
•or other crimes and misdemeanors." This
construction of their intention is the more
| manifest for the reason that they had already
| indicated, in specific terms, a class of high
| crimes, to wit: "treason and bribery," as a
j ground for impeachment. In this colloca-
tion, too, of specific crimes of a high grade,
the use of the word "other" has a marked
significance. They had already designated a
class of high crime, and to this they superadd
"or other high crimes and misdemeanors,"
clearly showing, to my mind, that they intended
to qualify misdemeanors by the term "high"
as well as that of " crimes" generally; for if they
intended to include as impeachable offenses mis-
demeanors of the lowest grade it was wholly
superfluous in that connection to qualify the
term "crimes" at all, because all crimes would,
ex necessitate, be included, high as well as
low, without the use of the qualifying term.
Sir, if we look into the proceedings of the
Convention which framed the Constitution in
1787 we will find that the word "misdemean-
ors" was inserted as a representative term
to denote an offense of a much higher grade
than is now claimed by the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwell] in
his argument before the House, and by the
majority of the committee in their report. Let
us look in upon the proceedings of that ven-
erable body of men who sat in Independence
Hall in 1787 and we will have some light
thrown upon this important question. On the
13th day of June, 1787, Mr. Gorham, a dele-
gate from the State of Massachusetts, in behalf
of the grand committee appointed to present a
plan for a Constitution, and upon the executive
branch of the Government, reported that the
President "be ineligible a second time, and
to be removable on impeachment and convic-
tion of ' malpractices or neglect of duty;'"
which was not agreed to. Afterward another
report was made, declaring the President to
be impeachable for " treason and bribery."
On the 18th day of June, 1787, Colonel Ma-
son, of Virginia, moved to add after the word
"bribery" the word "maladministration."
Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, seconded the
motion. Objection being made by Mr. Madi-
son and Gouverneur Morris, Colonel Mason
withdrew " maladministration" and substi-
tuted the words as they now stand in the Con- !
Btitution, to wit: "other high crimes and ,
misdemeanors." It is quite unfortunate, Mr. i
Chairman, that no debates are reported on j
these transactions; but the simple proceed-
ings themselves are so pointed and significant '
that there can be no misapprehension about
them. It is clear that no mere maladminis-
tration or neglect of duty, no difference of
opinion or action on party measures, or no ;
bad faith to party obligations, such as are so
elaborately alleged against the President in
the long catalogue of charges which concludes
the report of the majority, was intended by
the framers of the Constitution. It is equally
clear, to my mind at least, that they were
looking to and providing against the commis-
sion of some high crime or high misdemeanor,
in a wicked and willful violation of the Consti-
tution itself, or of some positive law, as a just
ground of impeachment of the President.
This conclusion is sustained by a recur-
rence to the English view of an impeachment.
Dwarris, in his work on statutes, page 250,
says : "Impeachment is properly reserved for
extraordinary crimes and great offenders."
But it is said, Mr. Chairman, that whatever
difficulty exists in this regard under the Con-
stitution, the doctrine of the common law of
crimes is to be applied to it by way of inter-
pretation and construction. Now, sir, what I
unhesitatingly assert here in opposition to what
is claimed in the report of the majority, is that
no resort can be had to the common or unwrit-
ten law to fix the character or grade or meas-
ure the body of the offense comprised in the
language "high crimes and misdemeanors," as
used in the Constitution. In regard to the two
specific crimes, "treason" and "bribery,''
as enumerated in the same clause, I admit an
impeachment would lie without any enabling
statute; because in such case, or at least so
far as the constitutionally defined crime of
treason is concerned, it would belong to that
class of cases in which it is said the Constitu-
tion would execute itself proprio vigore.
But what I maintain is this : that before an
impeachment can be founded upon that clause
in the Constitution which declares that a civil
officer of the United States may be impeached
for "high crimes and misdemeanors" there
must be a declaratory law of Congress defining,
in clear and specific terms, the particular crimes
and misdemeanors for which such civil officer
shall be impeachable. An impeachment is a
high criminal procedure, and, with a partial
exception as to the technical rules of pleading,
all the strictness of the criminal law is appli-
cable to such proceeding. A crime intended as
a ground for an impeachment must be defined,
whether in the Constitution or by statute, with
clearness and certainty. Its criminal essence,
whether in definition or description, cannot be
hidden or covered up in general or ambiguous
terms. A statute undertaking to attach a pen-
alty or fix a punishment upon such general
words of description of the corpus delicti as
"high crimes and misdemeanors" would be
void for uncertainty; or at least it would be
wholly inoperative, because it could not be
executed. And now, Mr. Chairman, can this
difficulty in the Constitution in the absence of
an enabling statute be overcome by a common-
law interpretation? It cannot, sir, for several
reasons. In the first place, allow me to say
that if the common law of criminal jurisprudence
did prevail in this country by adoption from
England—which I shall show does not—it could
not help us, for the reason that while it might
instruct us as to what were misdemeanors under
the lex non scripta of that country, it could
hardly, as the offspring of monarchical govern-
' ment, be so well educated in the genius of our
j public institutions as to inform us what would
be a proper political crime here worthy of
impeachment. I take it, sir, that the period
rests long in the future, unless the principles
of the Republican party shall become firmly
and lastingly impressed upon this Government,
when the infamous legal doctrines attempted
to be established in the trials of Sidney and
Russell, of the Seven Bishops, and of other
trials of like character which I cannot now call
to mind will be sought to be applied in the
trial of an American citizen upon any political
oflense whatever. The citation of English
political authorities established in the spasm3
of revolution, or a reference to decisions which
were announced when a Scroggs or a Jeffries
disgraced the English bench, ought not to have
much weight before an American court of
impeachment, or be treated with much respect
by the House of Representatives when sit-
ting as a grand inquest to impeach an Amer-
ican civil officer under a written Constitu-
tion.
These, sir, are some of the reasons why the
common law ought to have nothing to do with
a proceeding by impeachment in this country.
But I shall now proceed to show, Mr. Chair-
man, that we have in fact no national com-
mon law in this country, either civil or crim-
inal. The judiciary act of 1789, which provides
that " the laws ol the several States, except
where the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of
the United States shall otherwise require or
provide, shall be regarded as rules of decision
in trials at common law in the courts of the
united States in cases where they apply," is
an implied declaration by Congress that we
have no Federal common law whatever, as
drawn from the common law system in Eng-
land. 7he colonists undoubtedly brought the
common law with them in their character of
separate colonists, so far as the same was appli-
cable to and congenial with their new situa-
tion. It followed them as aright which belonged
to them in the mother country. Tlie theory of
this itinerant charactcr of the common law in
its application to the emigration of the colo-
nists was founded upon the idea of a personal
right following the person of the colonist to
his new home in the western wilds. Prior to
