58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Boutwell.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
tion lias conferred this power upon the Senate.
The Supreme Court in the ease referred to held
that the law must first make an act a crime,
affix a punishment to it, and declare the court
that shall have jurisdiction of the offense. All
these conditions are satisfied in the provisions
of the Constitution by which the* Senate is con-
stituted a tribunal with the sole power to try
impeachments. The officers liable to impeach-
ment. and the offenses rendering them so liable
are distinctly specified.
Is it not reasonably certain that if the words
" bribery or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors' ' were not to be interpreted by the rule of the
common law their meaning would have been
limited in the Constitution itself, as was done
in the case of treason, or that specific authority
would have been given to Congress to act on
the subject? The simple addition to the phrase
''high crimes and misdemeanors" of the words
"as may by law be prescribed" would have
settled the question in favor of the theory
which gives to Congress authority to change
the powers of the Senate as a court of
impeachment according to its own changing
opinions.
I rest firmly in tlig conclusion that the phrase
" bribery or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors" is used in the Constitution in accord-
ance with and subject to the rule of reason,
which lies at the foundation of the English
common law. This rule is that no person in
office shall do an act contra bonns mures, con-
trary to good morals; and subjecting the provis-
ions of the Constitution concerning impeach-
ment to that rule the-result is that neither the
President, the Vice President, nor any civil offi-
cer of the United States can lawfully do any act,
either official or otherwise, which in a large, a
public sense is contrary to the good morals of
the office he holds. Misconduct iu office, mis-
behavior in office, misdemeanor in office, are
equivalent terms. It follows also that the
scope of the rule of the common law is not
to be ascertained by reference to cases which
have arisen either in Great Britain or in the
States of the United States where the English
common law of crimes exist, however numer-
ous such cases may be. The principle of the
English common law furnishes not only the
foundation for the cases which have arisen,
but for others that may arise and to which the
same great principles of law must be applied.
This principle has been elucidated by the
most eminent writers of England and of this
country, and it is especially recognized, applied,
and elaborated by one of the great jurists of
modern times. 1 refer to Chief .Justice Shaw,
of the supreme court of Massachusetts.
J3y the Constitution this House may deter-
mine the rule of its proceedings, punish its
members for disorderly behavior, and with the
concurrence of two thirds exptd a member.
But are we to sit here without authority to pro-
tect ourselves until those acts which amount to
disorderly behavior are enumerated iu the laws
of the country or by the rules of the House
Our security is first in the reason and con-
science with which we are individually guided
and warned ; and then in the reason and con-
science of our judges applied iu the light of the
principle which lies at the foundation of the com-
mon law, municipal, public, and parliamentary.
Upon the vievv of the Constitution which I
present and maintain honest p*blic officers are
safe in all their rights. In the nature of the
case, a civil officer, guided by his conscience
and judgment, will do no act which the Senate
of the United States upon its conscience and
judgment, and by a two-thirds majority of the
members present, will pronounce a high crime
and misdemeanor. On the other hand, the
theory that I aim to refute seems to me to be
fraught with danger to civil officers and with
peril to the Government.
With this view of the law I turn now to the
authorities, and then I shall pass briefly over
the precedents which the history of this coun- '
try furnishes. The great authority upon im-
peachment, whose writings are, indeed, the
result of all English experience, all English
law, and all English learning upon the subject,
is that of Wooddeson, who was the first English
law writer, as far as I know, who treated the
subject of impeachment upon broad, general
grounds of public policy. Apartof the extract
which I now read has been furnished, I believe,
in both the majority and minority reports of the
committee, but I enlarge the quotation as
stating more fully the ground upon which I
stand in the opinions 1 entertain upon this
question. Ho says:
"All the king's subjects nro impeachable in Par-
liament, but with this distinction: that 11 peer may be
so accused before his peers of any crime, a commoner
(though perhaps it ffns formerly otherwise) can now
be charged with misdemeanors only, not with any
capital olfcnse. For when Eitzharris, in the year 1681,
was impeached o thigh treason, the lords remitted the
prosceution to tho inferior court, though it greatly
exasperated tho accusers. Such kind of misdeeds,
however, as peeuliaily injure tho Commonwealth by
the abuse of high offices of trust are the most proper
and have been the most usual ground for this kind
of prosecution.
"Thus, if alordchancellor be guilty of bribery or of
acting grossly contrary to tho duty of his office, if tho
judges mislead their sovereign by unconstitutional
opinions, if any other magistrate attempt to subvert
'tho fundamental laws or introduce arbitrary power,
these have been deemed eases adapted to parlia-
mentary inquiry and decision.
"Sowherealordchancellorhasbconthoughttohavo
put the seal to an ignominious treaty, a lord admiral
to ncglcct tho safeguard of the sea, an embassador to
betray his trust, a privy councilor to propound or
support dishonorable measures, or a confidential
adviser of his sovereign to obtain exorbitant grants
or incompatible employments—these imputations
have properly occasioned impeachments; bccauso
it is apparent how little the ordinary tribunals are
calculated to take cognizance of such offenses, or
to investigate and reform the general polity of tho
State."—\\rar,d<b":un\, Lccturcs, edition of 1702, Dub-
lin, vol. 2, leeturo -lu.
In accordance with this learned and clear
opinion of the great commentator upon the
English law are the authorities on this side of
the Atlantic, beginning with Hamilton, who in
the sixty-fifth number of the Federalist says,
speaking of the power of the Senate in the
matter of impeachment:
"The subjects of its jurisdiction are those offenses
which proceed from tho misconduct of public men, or,
in other words, from the abuse or violation of some
public trust.''—Federalist, So. G5.
Nathan Dane, in his Digest of American
Law, says:
"Judge Chase in his defense under the first article
of impeachment contended that no civil officer of
the United State® can be impeached except for some
offense for which he may be indicted atlaw; and that
no evidence can bo leooived on an impeachment
except such as on an indictment at law for the same
offense wouldbe admissible. This ground taken by
the respondentoccupied a large portion of the argu-
ments on both sides; but his counsel did not insist on
this ground, and most clearly it was not tenable. Tt
was agreed on all hands that ho was charged with
misdemeanor in office; that a misdemeanor in office
and misbehavior in ofhee mean the same filing."
# * I
" Suppose the President of the United States were
to 'attempt to mfluunee the votes of members of Con-
gress upon a particular question, and should promise
them offices, he would be impeachable clearly, but
surely not indictable." *■
".Now, what is good behavior in office is certainly
a very general and indefinite question, not defined
by statute, Constitution, or adjudged cases, nor can it
be in the nature of things ; but what is good behavior
or not in office must ever essentially depend on the
actions of the officer and circumstances of tho par-
ticular case, too numerous and various to be reduced
within any known in the proper sense of the expres-
sion."—Chap. 222, articles 8 and 9.
It follows from these authorities that those
acts are especially impeachable offenses which
affect the welfare or existence of the State,
or render the officer unfit for the discharge of
his duties. It does not follow that every act
which is a crime at law is therefore impeach-
able, or that impeachable offenses are indict-
able.
Chief Justice Story says, in his various para-
graphs on this subject:
" However much it may fall within the political
theories of certain statesmen and jurists to deny th<>
existence ofa common law belonging to and applicable
to the nation in ordinary cases, no one has yet been
bold enough to assert that the power of impeaohment
is limited to offenses positively defined in tho sUt-
ute-book of the Union as impeachable high crimes
and misdemeanors."
Again :
"It seems to bo the settled doctrino of the high
court of impeachment that, though the common law
cannot be the foundation of a jurisdiction not given
by the Constitution or laws, that jurisdiction, when
given, attaches, and is to be exercised according to
the rules of tho common law, and that what are and
what are not 'high erimcs and misdemeanors'is to
be ascertained by a recurrence to that great basis of
American jurisprudence."
And he adds to this that—
"Tho power of the House to punish contempts,
which are breaches of privilege not defined by posi-
tive law, has been upheld on tho same ground; for
if the House had no jurisdiction to punish until tho
acts had been previously ascertained and defined
by positive law, it is clear that the process of arrest
would be illegal."—Vol. 2, sec. 797.
Again he says:
"The offenses to which the power of impeachment
has been and is ordinarily applied as a remedy are
of a political character. Not but that crimes of a
strictly legal character fall within the scope of tho
power, but that it has a more enlarged operation,
and reaches what are aptly termed political offenses,
growing out of personal misconduct, or gross neglect,
or usurpation, or habitual disregard of the public
interests in the discharge of the duties of political'
office. These are so various in their character and
so indefinable in their actual involutions that it is
almost impossible to provide for them by positive
law. They must bo examined on very broad and
comprehensive principles of policy and duty."—Vol.
2, sue. 764.
If this concise and clear paragraph illus-
trating the law of impeachment had been
written in vievv of the facts which we are now
called to consider, it would not have more
clearly set forth in its general language the
offenses of which the majority of the commit-
tee complain.
Again he says:
"Congress have unhesitatingly adopted the con-
elusion that no previous statute is necessary to au-
thorize an impeachment for any official misconduct."
* * * "In the few cases of impeachment
which havehitherto been tried no ono of the charges
has rested upon statutable misdemeanors."—See. 799.
That was the opinion of Mr. Justice Story,
writing about the year 1830, when the cases of
Blount, of Chase, and of Pickering were before
him and known to him. He says that no one of
the cases of impeachment which had then been
tried rested upon statutable misdemeanors.
I here close, Mr. Speaker, the authorities,
and turn to the cases which the history of this
country has furnished for the purpose of sus-
taining by a distinct reference thereto the doc-
trine which Judge Story maintained, and w hich
is set forth in the report of the majority of the
committee.
The first case is that of William Blount, a
Senator from the State of Tennessee in the
Congress of the United States. He was im-
peached by the House of Representatives upon
the ground that he had excited the Indians of
theSouthwest against the Government of the
United States, or at least to ally themselves
through the agency of other persons willi for-
eign Powers in such a way as to promote a rup-
ture with Spain. The charges against him rested
entirely, or almost entirely, upon a letter writ-
ten by himself and upon the testimony of a
person who was in a certain sense his confidant
and agent: but I believe upon a careful exam-
ination of the whole of the testimony it amounts
to this only, that there was probable cause to
believe that lie hadsome purpose to alienate the
Indiansjjf the Southwest from the Government
of the United States, and imlirectlvto interfere
with the neutrality laws of 1794. But however
that may be, whoever reads the charges made
by the House of Representatives wid" be satis-
fied that they did not set forth an indictable
offense under any law of the United States.
What did the House of Representatives do?
it impeached William Blount of high crimes
and misdemeanors on the 3d day of July, 1797.
ike c>enate, upon the question of law being
raised whether a Senator was in suclia sense a
Civil officer as to be liable to tiie process of
impeachment, held that he waa not a civil
