524
SUPPLEMENT TO
President by two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress exhausted a!l right to question its con-
stitutionality by'the Executive, whose duty
thenceforward was to execute it as a law of the
larid. .
I ehall then assume, for the purposes of this
statement, that it is a valid and constitutional
law in all its parts, and that the President
knew and understood/that it had been so
declared with express view to his executive
action, and that be knew if he violated it he
was directly attacking a-legislative power which
the representatives of the people claimed and
meant to assert.
The only remaining inquiry upon this par-
ticular question is, does the law apply to Sec-
retary Stanton's case?
If the removal of Stanton was against the
provisions of this law the President is guilty
under it, for the only intent in question u the
intent to break the law, not the motive or inten-
tion with which it was done. If Stanton is
included among the officers referred to in the
first section of this law, then his removal with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate was
against its provisions. The language of this
section is—
"That eiwj/fxown holding o )/oivil office to which
hollas been a ppointed by ami with theadvicoand con-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall here-
after be appointed to any such office and shall become
duly qualified to net therein, is and shall be entitled
to hold such offleo until a successor ahull have been
in like manner appointed uud duly qualified, except
as herein otherwise provided: Prov^t"d, '.that thoSec-
retarieaof State, of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy,
and of the Interior, the Postmaster General, and the
Attorney General,snallhold their offices respectively
for and daring tho torm of tho Propidcnt by whom
tbeji may hare been appointed, and ono month
thereafter, subject to removal by and with the advice
and consent of tho Senate."
Now, it seems irresistible that this language,
referring, as it does, to those in office at the
time of its passage, as well as those thereafter
to be appointed, includes, either in the general
provisions of tho body of the section or in the
exception, all persons holding any civil office
appointed with the consent,of the Senate. The
words "entry person holding an// civil office "
are as comprehensive as language can make
them, and, in tho absence of any exception,
would include all, and, of course, Mr. Stanton.
But the fact that there is an exception makes
even this strong language more comprehensive
than before : for when an exception is men-
tioned the conclusion is strengthened that
nothing is left outside of the general provisions
except what is included in the exceptions.
Thus the words "all" and "except,'' in con-
struction, include everything.
Besides, the express language of the general
clause provides for all civil oflicers thus ap-
pointed, except such as are affirmatively other-
wise provided for " herein that is, in the law
itself. This shows that, the law undertakes
affirmatively to provide "therein" for every
such officer. It thus expressly says that all
are included and provided for in the general
clause for whom there is not gome other affirm-
ative provision made in the proviso. Thus 110
officer or class is left out of the law by implica-
tion, for itdeclares substantially that every one
excluded from the exception by its language'or
by implication, is not taken by the exception
out of the effect of the general clause. To say,
then, that Mr. Stanton's case is not provided
for in the exception, is to affirm that it is in-
eluded in the general clause. It matters not,
for the purpose of this trial, whether the ease
of Mr. Stanton conies under the general clause
or the exception. The reasoning is strong that
the case is included in the exception. The
words of the exception are, "may have been
appointed." These words seem to contem-
plate, in relation to the tenure of these offices,
the possible existence of the term of a Presi-
dent other than the one who may be actually
in office when the question of removal arises-.
The act took effect upon offices as they existed
at the time it passed, and when it referred to
terms during which they were, after its passage,
to expiie, it referred to the term then existing
and to those which should occur in the future.
By the Constitution the term of the Presi-
dent continues " during four years." The
word term means strictly limit or boundary. A
term of office is the time which must elapse j
before its limit is reached. The limit of Mr. ;
Lincoln's second term was four years from the i
4th of March, 1865. When the word term was '
used in the act, this was the term contemplated
in regard to offices filled by him, and still-beld
by his appointees at the time of its passage.
This term did not expire on the 21st of Febru-
ary, and has not yet expired. If Mr. Lincoln !
had been living when the act was passed it
would certainly have been held to apply to his
present term, as it then existed, and to extend j
the offices to the end of it. It is not the less j
Mr. Lincoln's term that it was also Mr. John-
son's, who was, in the language of the Con-
stitution, chosen " for the same term." When,
upon Mr. Lincoln's death, Mr. Johnson came
in, the powers and duties of the office devolved
upon him for the remainder of Mr. Lincoln;s
term. He had no other relation to the term,
and no more or other power in relation to the
officers he found in than Mr. Lincoln would
have had had he lived. It matters not, as I
have said, whether these views prevail or not.
If they do not, it only shows that Mr. Stan-
ton's case is not provided for in the proviso,
for the reason that the term of the President
by whom he was appointed had already lapsed,
and, therefore, the terms of the limitation of
the proviso cannot be made to apply to his
case, and that not being " otherwise provided
for therein" is not included in the exception,
and, therefore, isincludcdin thegeneralclause;
for every case not (heiein otherwise provided
for is coveied by the general clause.
Again, the second section of the act, which
applies to all officers, (except, certain classes in
relation to whom tho Constitution prescribes
otherwise, namely, tho judges of the United
States courts.) and contains no other excep-
tion of any officer, of course included Mr.
Stanton. The very tact, that this section excepts
by this special exception only such officers
continued by the Senate as are placed out of its
reach shows that it was intended to affect all
within its reach. By its ex press terms it enacts
that the President, within the limits and in the
maimer theiein prescribed, may, "during a
recess of the Senate, suspend'' an officer, in
the case therein mentioned, "and in no other."
This section reads as follows:
"Hi:''. 2. And be it furihn■ enncteif, That when any
officer appointed as aforesaid, excepting judges of
tho United Slates court.*, shall, during a recess of the
Senate, be shown by evidence satisfactoiy to the
President to bo guilty of misconduct in office, or
crime, or for any reason shall becomc incapable or
legally disqualified to perform itsduties, in such ease,
and in no other, tho President, may suspend Mich
officer and designatesoine suitable person to perform
temporally the duties of such office until tho next
meeting of the Semite, and until the easo shall ho
acted upon by the Senate, anil such peioon so desig-
nated shall take tho oaths and Rive tho bonds re-
quired by law to be taken and given by the porson
duly appointed to till such office: and in such case it
shall be tho duty of the Piesidcnt, within twenty-
days after the fust, day of such next meeting of the
I Senate, to report to the Senate such suspension, with
j the evidence and reasons for hisacriort in the case,
j and the name ot the peisuu so designated to perform
I the duties of such office. And if the Senato shall
I concur in such suspension, and ndviso and consent
! to the removal of such officer, they shall so ceitify to
i the President, who may thereupon remove such ofli-
: cor, and, by and with the advice and consent of the
! Senate, appoint another person to such ollice. But
| if tho Semite shall rotuse to concur m such suspen-
i Mon.sueh officer so--ulspended ^hall forthwitlirc-sumo
the functions of his, office, and the powers of the
I person so performing its duties in his stead shall
t cease, and the official salary and emoluments, of such
ij officer shall, dming such suspension, belong to the
II person so performing the duties thereof, and not to
i the oilicer so suspended: I'rouided, hnwrwr, That
' tile President, in case ho shall become satisfied that
I such suspension was made on insufficient, grounds.
'' shall be authorized, at any time before reporting
Mich suspension to the Senate as above provided, to
, revoke such suspension and reinstate such officer in
I the performance of the duties of his office."
j! It will be seen that this section operates in
1, connection with the other sections of tho law
j! to prescribe the President's relations to offices
j which are not vacant. I say in connection
• ' with the other sections of. the law, because the
ii law must always be construed as a whole, and
a particular section must be construed in rela-
tion to the other sections. It is also true, of
course, that the act only operates upon what
the Constitution does not itself fix, and only
so far as legislative enactment may. Now, the
President's relations to offices for the purpose
of absolute removal are fixed by the first sec-
tion of the act in accordance with the pro-
visions of the Constitution. This section pro-
vides in effect that there shall be no absolute
removal of the officers therein included except
by nomination and confirmation of a successor.
This operates to confine absolute removals to
times when the Senate is in session. This being
fixed, the President's relations to officers dur-
ing the recess of the Senate is provided for in
the second section. This second section, in
enacting " that when any officer," &c., "shall,
during the recess of the Senate, be shown,"
&c., " in such case and in no other" the Presi-
dent may " suspend," prescribes three govern-
ing things which are each essential elements of
" such ease" and of the action prescribed in
regard to it:
First. That "during the recess of the Sen-
ate' ' the President shall do nothing more in
relation to any office than "suspend'' in the
manner provided for in this act.
Second. That " during the recess of the Sen-
ate" he may act in "such case" as is provided
in the act, but "in no other." This is an
essential element of his relations to the offices
"during the recess of the Senate," as pre-
scribed by tho act-
Third. That there shall be no suspension
even, except "during the recess of the Senate,"
for it is an essential element of "such case "
that it shall be during recess.
Now, the feet that this second section, which
does not refer to any officers other than those
referred to in the first section, but assumes
to prescribe for all officers under the circum-
stances not provided for in the first section—
that is, during the recess—is without any excep-
tion which would exclude Mr. Stanton, seems to
be concliif-ive that he is not omitted in the first
section, which covers the time of the session;
for why make the second section broader than
the first, and restrain the President's power
over Mr. Stanton during recess, and leave him
unprotected during the session of the Senate?
Then the third section of the act, supple-
mentary to the first and second sections, pre-
scribes in respect to the filling of offices in case
of the happening of a vacancy during the re-
cess of the Senate, and the condition of these
offices after the constitutional power of the
President in relation to them has been ex-
hausted. The third section reads as follows:
"Sue. 3. And be it further etiactcd. Tiiat the President
shall lutvo power to fill all vacancics which may
happen during the recess of the Senate by icumjii of
death or resignation, by granting commissions which
shall expire at the end ot their next .session theie-
after, And if no appointment, by and with i b o advice
and consent of the Hen ate, shall be made to sneh office
so vacant, or temporalilv filled as aforesaid during
such next session of the Senate, such ofhee shall le-
main in abeyance, without any sa.lary, fees, or emol-
uments attached thereto, until the .-ame shall be filled
by appointment, thereto, by and with tho advice and
consent of the Senate: and during such time all the
poweis and duties belonging to such office shall bo
exeieised bysueh other officer as may by law exercise
such powers and duties in ease of a vacancy in such
office."
Thus it will be perceived that these three
sections of this act, taken together, provide,
subject, to the provisions of the Constitution, a
general rule of governmental action, and thus,
while the letter of the first section includes, as
certainly as general language can, the case of
Mr. Stanton, an examination of the tenor and
effect of the whole law confirms this construc-
tion. It would, upon every principle of legal
constiuction, require an express exception to
take an officer outside of the terms of a law
intended as a general rule. On no principle
can this be done by implication. Implication
avails only where the letter of the law is doubt-
ful, and its spirit, as derived from the law itself,
would require an exception to some general
provision. This law, then, covers, and was
intended to cover, in connection with the pro-
