3606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
from Missouri are well taken, and therefore
shall now support his motion to refer to the
Judiciary Committee.
My own impression is that perhaps the
setting out of the adoption of the thirteenth
and fourteenth amendments sufficiently de-
scribes them ; but certain important errors
have crept into the copy of the fourteenth
amendment in that resolution, and I desire the
opinion of the Judiciary Committee, not only
on this case, but for future cases that may
arise. I thiuk that errors may be found here-
after in the constitutional amendment as
adopted by other States, and as a precedent I
desire to have this referred to the Judiciary
Committee. I therefore move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate refused to refer
the credentials to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion I make
the question of order that the motion is not in
order, because there is a pending motion that
the Senator-elect be admitted to take the oath,
which is a motion of superior privilege because
first made. And upon that motion, also, I
wish to say that it is competent for the Senate
to settle this whole question. If there be a
majority of the Senate in favor of his taking
the oath there is a majority againsta reference.
I make the question of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the motion to re-
consider prevails, then the motion to allow the
oath tp be administered will go with the cre-
dentials to the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia is unusually positive. If he decided
that alone, it would be settled ; but as I think
it is competent for the Senate to send to a
committee a motion as well as a paper, that
motion can go with the paper, and ought to go
there. I submit to Senators, although they
may be convinced that there is nothing wrong
in the credentials, nothing wrong in the ratifi-
cation of the amendment, that they are all right,
there is no delay by this motion. We have
spent more time this morning about it than
would have been spent in the whole business
if it had been referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. The committee meets to-morrow in
the regular course of its business, and I submit,
to facilitate the business of the Senate, this
motiou had better prevail.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose that we proceed
in order. I make the question of order and
ask the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that. There is a motion pending,
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe,] to permit this gentleman to take
the oaths, on which the yeas and nays have
been called, and which must be disposed of
before another independent motion can be put.
One has no precedence over the other.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Senator
from Oregon to move to reter that motion to
the Committee on the Judiciary. That cer-
tainly i presume to be in order.
The PRESlDENTprotoipore. Themotion
of the Senator from Oregon was to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate refused to refer the
credentials to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. AN THON Y. I move, if that motion is
not pending, that this motion be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I prefer to have
the motion of the Senator from Oregon to
reconsider; I think that is the better way to
take the sense of the Senate; but if we are
put, upon parliamentary tactics we will take
advantage of them ; that is all.
Mr. CONNESS. I make the question of
order that when a motion is made which is a
privileged question—that is, which has the
privilege of being put—it cannot be disposed
of by another motion to refer the preceding
motion to a committee. If it can then we can
do no business at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. I agree to that fully.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Chair to decide.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will not interrupt the
Chair Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no privileged motion here. Neither of those
motions has aprivilege over the other.
Mr. CQNNESS. I understand that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
entirely independent motions, and the first
made must be disposed of first. The question
now is, Shall the Senator-elect from Florida be
admitted to take the oaths and take his seat 1
The Senator from Rhode Island moves that that
motion be referred to the Committee on_ the
Judiciary. I can hardly think that that is in
order, because you never could get a decision
in that way. Motion after motion might be
put, and the last one would have to go to a
committee. I know of no case where motions
of that kind have been referred, and I think I
can see great difficulty in establishing such a
rule.
Mr. DRAKE. I now renew my motion to
lay the credentials of the Senator from Florida
on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator with-
draw that for a moment? I certainly do not
mean to differ from the Chair but with great
respect; but I understand that every motion
may be, on the demand of the Chair or of any
Senator, reduced to writing. Suppose this
motion, that the Senator be admitted to take
the oath, be reduced to writing ; then is it not
in order to refer that to the Committee on the
Judiciary? I do not desire to make that
motion. I much prefer that the other motion
made by the Senator from Oregon shall be put,
which will fairly test the sense of the Senate.
The Senate have decided not to refer this ques-
tion to the Judiciary Committee. Since that
decision there have been other and, itseems to
me, pretty important reasons why it should be
done brought before the Senate ; and I think
it would be fair if my friend from California
would allow that question to be put. But if
he will not allow that to be put, I respectfully
submit to the Chair if I have not the right to
demand that the motion that is made be
reduced to writing, and when reduced to writing,
if I have not a right to move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary? That is a
course I do not wish to take, because I think
the other course the most natural and more in
accordance with the good-natured way in which
we transact business here.
Mr. CONNESS. My position is this: re-
ducing a motion to writing gives it no extra
validity. A motion orally made is substantially
the same as if it were reduced to writing, and
there is no privilege, by being reduced to writing,
existing on the part of the Senator to refer it.
It is the privilege of the Senate when a motion
is made to vote upon that motion; and the Sen-
ator must see that if a majority of this body
are in favor of applying the oath, that decides
the whole question. Why are not gentlemen
content to take that decision and let us vote?
Mr. CORBETT. I am as anxious for the
admission of Florida as any other Senator on
the floor; and I have no doubt that if the Sen-
ator from California will withdraw this objec-
tion and allow us to test the question of recon-
sidering the vote on- the motion to refer these
papers to the Committee on the Judiciary we
shall sooner dispose of the question. If he
does not I shall be obliged to vote against the
admission of the Senator from Florida until
they are referred. It seems to me it is import-
ant as a precedent for the future that these
papers should be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, as these errors clearly show that
there may be errors hereafter committed in the
ratification by other States, and they should be
adjudged by the Judiciary Committee. I hope
my friend from California will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. CONNESS. Why will sot the Senator
from Oregon permit the question to be taken?
If a majority of the Senate refuse to tare the
oath administered, then his motion can be put.
If a majority of the Senate arc in favor of ad-
ministering the oath, certainly they ought to
be permitted to do so.
Mr. CORBETT. For the very reason that
there are many Senators here who do' not
desire to vote against allowing th® Senator
from Florida to take the oath. I, for one, do
not. But I desire to refer this matter to the
Judiciary Committee. It can there be exam-
ined, and the Senator-elect can be admitted
to-morrow. It is merely a form.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We have occu-
pied so much time on this matter that I hope
we shall conclude it now if it takes allday.
As to referring it to the'Judiciary Committee,
there is no reason given for it. When I was
up a few minutes ago, I said I had no doubt
that if we examined the ratifications by other
States there would be found the same inaccu-
racies. I hare examined the ratification of
four States; Pennsylvania, New York, Wiscon-
sin, and Michigan, and there are inaccuracies
in those four; and I presume if I went on and
made the examination I should find like inac-
curacies in each certificate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Material ortes ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Some of them
material. The reason that I object to this
going to the Judiciary Committee is that I
am opposed to the Congress of the United
States making thSir fundamental law to rest
upon the accuracy or inaccuracy in these
minor particulars of the copy of a resolution1.
In the ratification of the State of Wisconsin, ia
one sentence, there are four or five errors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Point out one or two of
them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will read one
sentence:
" But whenever the right to- vote at any election
for electors ot President and Vice President."
I ask the Senator from Illinois to be good
enough to read from the statutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution, as it
reads in the statutes, is :
"But when the right to vote at any election for
the choice of electors."
The words "the choice of" are left out in
the Wisconsin certificate. Then in the stat-
utes it proceeds:
"For President and Yice President of tho TTnited
States."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In this it reads
"of President and Vice President." Th.8
words- " of the United States" are left, out.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- And the word "for,"
before "President," in the resolution is "of,"
as it is copied there.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. " Or for United
States Representatives in Congress."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Instead of " for United
States Representatives in Congress," the act
says " Representatives in Congress.71
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. "Executive or
judicial officers."
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Executive and judi-
cial officers of a State."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And so you
might go through all of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All those mean precisely
the same thing on the face of it.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In the ratifica-
tion of the State of Pennsylvania instead of
its being "the laws" it is "the law;" and
that of the State of New York has two or three
inaccuracies.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of order is made and it ought to be decided.
The Chair has already stated that in bis opin-
ion a motion to refer another motion is not in
order. It takes nothing with it in this case.
There are many motions that may be made
that can be referred because they take some
substantial thing along with them to be delib-
erated upon and decided by the committee.
But here is a motion to admit this Senator to
take the oath. A motion to refer that motion
to a committee takes nothing with it; there is
nothing for the committee to consider; and
therefore, and because of its inconvenience,
the Chair believes it not to be in order ; that
it would establish a bad rule. If Senators
think that is a wrong decision, and probably it
may be, they will take an appeal and settle the
question.
