1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3697
Mr. DRAKE. Is my motion to lay the
matter on the table in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
it is.
Mr. DRAKE. I made that motion some
time ago, and a debate for fifteen or twenty
minutes has followed upon it. I insist upon my
motion to lay the credentials on the table, and
on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor moves that the credentials be laid on the
table with a view to make another motion.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that if the credentials be laid on-the
table it does not interfere with administering
the oath to the Senator-elect, and therefore, as
it does not, the motion to administer the oath
must take precedence of the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. DRAKE. I take it that is not a correct
view of the order in the case.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the question
now before the Senate is not upon the cre-
dentials at all. It is upon the question of
admitting this gentleman to a seat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on swearing in the Senator.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to postpone that
question until to morrow, and I ask for the
yeas and nays on that motion. I do this
merely to getat the other question of referring
the resolution of the Florida Legislature to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk called Mr. Anthony's name.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to say, as the
yeas and nays are called, that I am as much in
favor of admitting the Senators from Florida
as any member of this body. I desire, how-
ever, that when they come in they shall come
ill correctly, and in such a way that neither we
nor they will have any occasion to regret it. I
think there is fair ground of presumption that
there is some irregularity in the proceedings,
although I am inclined to think it will be found,
upon investigation, that they are sufficiently
regular for them to be admitted as Senators,
and if I were obliged to vote on the subject
to-day I should vote to admit them ; but I prefer
that these papers should be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I should
prefer that every State now coming in that has
been separated from us should have the cre-
dentials of its Senators referred to the same
committee. I vote yea.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to say 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate
must stop here. The call of the roll has com-
menced.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it hardly fair for
the Senator from Rhode Island to make a
speech and then respond to the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think my vote
ought to count. I think, having spoken, my
name should have been called again.
Mr. POMEROY. I was only going to say
that I never knew before, where a motion was
made to lay on the table and then a motion to
postpone, that the motion to postpone took
precedence of the motion to lay on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 31; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew.Corbett, Davis,
Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Jessenden, Hendricks,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, and Vick-
"'If AYS—Messrs. Cameron,Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin. Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson ofNewHampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsoy, Boss, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Willey. Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—31. „ t ~ .
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Dixon, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Johnson, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,and van Wmklo 1-,
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Shall the Senator from Florida be
permitted to take the oaths with a view to take
his seat in the Senate of the United States? on
which question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire simply to say
that considering the question as having been
decided by the Senate, I shall now vote for
the admission of the Senator from Florida.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 6 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkiing, Conness, Corbett, Or agin, Drake, Ferry,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, McDonald,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalow, Davis, Doolittle, Join-
son, MeCreery, and Vickers—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Dixon, Ed-
munds, I,essenden,l''owier, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, and Van Winkle—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator-elect from Florida will please come for-
ward and receive the oaths.
Mr. Osborn advanced to the desk of the
President pro tempore, and the oaths prescribed
by the Constitution and the act of July 2,1862,
having been administered to him he took his
seat in the Senate.
order of business.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the bill (S. No. 529) to es-
tablish rules and articles for the government
of the armies of the 'United States, is before
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I take it it was
not the purpose of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, when he moved for an evening session
yesterday, to displace the appropriation bill.
I trust, therefore, he will have no objection to
allowing this bill to be laid aside.
Mr. WILSON. It was not my purpose to
interfere with the appropriation bill, but I be-
lieve the debate is now over on this bill, and
it will take no time. I think it can be dis-
posed of in a few minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope both Senators
will allow the ordinary morning business to
be disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allowmybill to
come up first, and then I will yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be
the pleasure of the Senate to go through the
morning business, it will be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the appropriation bill taken up first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is
moved that all prior orders be postponed for
the purpose of taking up the bill (H. R. No.
818) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1869, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I have no
objection to the ordinary morning business
being disposed of.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 90) to authorize and require
the administration of oaths in certain cases,
and to punish perjury in connection therewith;
A bill (H. R. No. 293) to regulate and limit
the admiralty jurisdiction of the district courts
of the United States in certain cases; and
A bill (H. R. No. 568) explanatory of the
act entitled " An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases."
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,} That the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives adjourn their respect-
ive Houses without day on Wednesday, the 15th of
July next, at noon.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 522) to authorize the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts
of Andrew S. Core; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Mar-
garetta S. Morse, administratrix of the estate
of Isaac E. Morse, deceased, praying for com-
Sensation for services rendered by Isaac E.
[orseas commissioner to New Granada; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer apetition signed
by merchants of Boston, in which they repre-
sent that it is now proposed under an act of the
Legislature of Massachusetts to build a bridge
called the Maverick bridge across the harbor
of Boston. They set forth that this would
curtail the area of the harbor—already small—
for the anchorage of Ships ; cut off the United
States navy-yard and all wharves above the
contemplated bridge from open communica-
tion with the sea; and in other ways would
seriously injure the harbor, and through that
would injure the commerce of Boston. On
that account they ask that Congress will not
give its sanction to the erection of that bridge.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a remonstrance
of citizens of Pennsylvania, protesting against
any action of Congress which would tend to-
ward the reduction of the present duty upon
coal, as such action would be disastrous to a
large number of citizens of the United States
and would benefit none, besides which the
United States Treasury would suffer a loss of
revenue to the extent of any reduction that
was made; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that pen-
sions be granted to the soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812 and to the widows of such as
have died; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, it was
Ordered, That Chauncey Smith, guardian of tho
minor children of Presley N. Guthrie, have leave to
withdraw his petition from tho hies of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. C. S. Wilson have leave to
withdraw her petition from the files of the Senate,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
Ordered, That Henry Bailey have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 56d) for the relief of Hulings Cowper-
thwaite and Enoch H. Vance, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1325) for the relief
of Benjamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings, reported it without amend-
ment.
sale of surplus documents.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by_ the
Committee on the Library to report a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 153) authorizing the sale
at public auction of ccrtain surplus books and
documents now in the custody of the Secretary
of the Interior, and recommend its passage,
and if there be no objection I ask for its con-
sideration at this time.
The joint resolution was read the first time
by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration ot
the joint resolution ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like to
interpose. If it leads to no debate, I will not
