1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
discussion of the articles of impeachment now
before the committee, I will not enter upon a
consideration of that particular subject. I will,
however, submit for publication in the Globe
an examination into the whole question of
impeachment, acknowledging my obligations
to a friend, who has placed in my hands a
brief which seems to be very full and complete,
and which may be useful for reference here-
after.
IMPEACHMENT.
A.—Definition.
It is a proceeding, probably the fairest that could
bo devised, by which the people, through the action
of thatbranch of the Government which most directly
and fully represents themselves, call in question the
fitness of their public officers, and dismiss them if
unfit. (Story on the Const., sec. 810.)
An impeachment, as defined by English common
law, is a presentment by the House of Commons, the
most solemn grand inquest of the whole kingdom, to
the House of Lords, the most high and supreme
court of criminal jurisdiction ofthewhole kingdom.
(2 Hale's Pleas of the Crown, 150; 4 Blackstone's
Comm., 259; 2 Wilson's Law Lcct., 165, 166. See
quotations appended, "A.")
B.—The Power to Impeach.
The House of Representatives has the sole power
of impeachment. (Const., art. 1, sec. 2, cl. 5.)
C.—The Tribunal/or Trial of Impeachments.
The Senate has sole power to try impeachments.
(Const. 1, see. 3, cl. 6; Ibid., art. 3, sec. 2, cl. 3.)
This power was most properly intrusted to the
Senate. (The Federalist, Nos. 05 and 66; Story on
the Const., sec. 716,773; llawle on Const., cl. 22, pp.
212-213; Journal of the Convention, pp. 69,121,137,
189, 217, 226, 236, 324, 325, 326, 344,346.)
I. Organization: (a.) In the trial of the President a
quorum mast be present and the Chief Justice pre-
side; in the trial of other officers simply a quorum
is required. (Const., art. 1, sec. 3., cl. <3.)
(b.) When sitting for the purpose of any trial the
Senators must be on oath or affirmation. (Ibid.)
II. Jurisdiction.
1. As to persons:
1. (a.) The President, Vice President, and (b) all
civil officers of the United States are subject to im-
peachment. (Const., art. 2, see. 4.)
The President himself and his confidential depart-
mental advisers ar$ the very persons who are emi-
nently the objects to be reached by the power of
impeachment. (Story on the Const., sec. 765.)
(b.) Civil officers, within the meaning of the Con-
stitution. are those who derive their appointment
from and under the national Government, and are
to be distinguished, first, from military and naval
officers, whose appointments arc of like derivation;
and second, from those officers who, though mem-
bers of the Government, derive their appointment
directly from the States, or the people of the States.
(Story on the Const., sec. 791, 792.)
"All officers of the United States who hold their ap-
pointments under the national Government,whether
the duties are executive or judicial, in the highest
or lowest departments of the Government, with the
exception of the officers of the Army and Navy, are
properly civil officers,within the meaning of the Con-
stitution, and liable to impeachment." (Story on the
Const., sec. 790; and see liawle on the Const., ch.22,
p. 213.)
A Senator is not a civil officer, liable to impeach-
ment. (Senate Journal, January 10, 1799; 4 Tuck.
Black. Comm., pp. 57,58; Wheaton's State Trials,
pp. 260, 316; Rawleon the Const., ch. 42, pp. 213, 214;
Story on Const., sec. 791; Serg. Const. Law, 376.
Nor is a territorial judge, not being a constitu-
tional, but a legislative, officer only. (30pinions of
the Att'y Gen'l, 409.) "
Note— In the limitation of persons impeachable
the law and practice of the United States differ ma-
teiially from that of Great Britain. There all the
king's subjects, whether peers or commoners, are
impeachable in Parliament, though itis affirmed that
coinmoneis cannot now be impeached for capital,
offenses, but for misdemeanors only. (4Black. Comm.
260 and Christian's note; 2 Woodeson's Lcct.,40, pp.
201 and fol.; Comyn's Digest, Pari. L. 28, 40..
The House of Loids has exclusive jurisdiction over
offending peers in offenses committed in Parliament,
and of treason and felonies, wherever by them com-
mitted. (2 Hawk. P. C„ ch. 44, sec. 13; Mag. Char.,
c. 29.)
2. It is doubtful whether any butactualincumbents
of office can be impeached. (Consider Const., art. 1,
see.3, cl. 7; Mr. Bayard in Blount's Uial, 28; (Plnla.,
1799) Ed., pp. 80,81; Story on the Const., sec. 801.
ButconJra, Blount's tnal, pp.49,50; llawle on Const.,
ch. 22, p. 213.)
II. As to offences:
Impeachment will lie for treason, bribery, or other
high crimes and misdemeanors.—Const., art. 2, sec. 4.
1 Treason consists in levying war against the
United States or in adhering to their enemies, giving
them aid and comfort, and is so dehned m the Con-
stitution. (Const., art. 3, sec. 3.)
There must beactual levying of war; a conspiracy
to subvert the Government is not treason, nor is the
enlisting of men who are not assembled a levying of
war. (Ex-parte Bolrnan, 4 Cranch f5; U. S. w. Han-
w.iy, 2 Wall, jr., 140; /6<rf.,186; i Am. Law Jour., 8a.)
Xi man not Present at the levying of war can be
convicted of treason. (1 Burr s Trial, 401, 43. 0
2. One must look to the common law for the deli-
nition of bribery, tlmt being a common law offense,
a Story on 1 he Const., see. .94.) . .
Bribery fonsi^ts in "ileuug or receiving any undue
reward to or by any public officer, in order to influ-
ence his behavior in office and to incline him to act
contrary to his duty and to the known rulesof hon-
esty and integrity. (Coke's Inst.,part 3,149; 1 Hawk,
P. C.t 67, sec. 2,; 4 Black. Comm., 139; 1 Russell on
Crimes, 156.)
3. For the definition and ascertainment of "other
high crimes and misdemeanors" recourse must be
had to the common law and parliamentary practice.
(Jefferson's Manual, seo. 53, Title Impeachment;
Blount's Trial, pp. 29, 31, 75,80; Story on the Const.,
sec. 794, 795,796.)
But contra, (Blount's Trial, pp. 42, 46,) Congress, in
Blount's case, unhesitatingly adopted the doctrine
that no previous statute is necessary to authorize an
impeachmentfor official misconduct. {Note.—Blount's
offense was not within the statute of 1794.)
Contempts are not defined by statute, yet each
House has authority to punish for them. (Dunn vs.
Anderson, 6 Wheat., 204; llawle on the Const., ch.
29, pp. 271, 272.)
(a) Crimes at common law;
At common law all immoral acts which tend to the
prejudice of a community are crimes, and punishable
by courts of justice. (2 Swift's Bigest, 257.)
(b) High crimes and misdemeanors in parliament-
ary practice.
In examining the parliamentary history of im-
peachments it will be found that many offenses not
easily definable by law and many of a purely polit-
ical character have been deemed high crimes and
misdemeanors, worthy of this extraordinary remedy.
(2 Woodeson's Lect., 40, p. 602.)
Such kind of misdeeds as peculiarly injure the
Commonwealth, by the abuse of high offices of trust,
are the most proper and have been the most usual
grounds for this kind of prosecution in Parliament.
(Ibid., pp. 601,602.)
For example: attempting to subvert the funda-
mental laws and introduce arbitrary power; a Gov-
ernment law officer misleading his sovereign by
unconstitutional opinions; a lord chancellor having
been thought to have put the great seal to an igno-
minious treaty; a lord admiral having neglected the
safeguard of thesea; &n embassador having betrayed
his trust; a privy councillor having propounded or
supported pernicious and dishonorable measures; a
confidential adviser of his sovereign havingobtained
exorbitant grants or incompatible employments.
(Comyn's Digest, Title Parliament, L. 28 to 40; 2
Woodeson's Lect., 40, p. 602.) Malversations and
neglects in office; encouraging pirates; official op-
pression; extortions, deceits; especially putting good
magistrates out of office and advancing bad. (Ibid.)
" 1 contend that the wanton or captious removal of
meritorious officers would subject him,"thePresident,
"to impeachment and removal from his own high
trust." (Mr. Madison's Works, 1 Gale & Seatons;
l)ebates, p. 517; and see also similar expressions of
all taking part in that debate; Ibid., passim, pp.
500, 590; see also Story on Constitution, .see. 798.)
Attempting to seduce a United States Indian inter-
preter from his duty, and to alienate the affections
and confidence of the Indians from the public offi-
cers residing among them. (Journal of Senate, 8th
of July, 1797 ; Sergt.on Const. Law, ch.2S, pp. 286,287.
A judge countenancing or aiding insurgents m a
meditated conspiracy, or insurrection against the
Government,(V)receiving a bribe not connected with
the delinquent's office. (?) (Story on the Const., sec.
802.; It would seem that, in determining whether or
not a disbursing officer is liable to impeachment the
true criterion is to be found in the consideration of
the question whether the offense exhibits such a
moral or intellectual character or condition in the
offender as would jeopard tho dignity or trusts per-
taining to his office. And this must, in reason, be
inferred to have been the intendment of the irarners
of tho Constitution, as we may gather from the pen-
alty they affixed to a conviction upon impeachment.
(Const., art. 1, see. 3, cl. 1.) Note.—The penalty
touches neither the person nor the property of tho
offender; it simply divests him of his political office
and eligibility. „ , , , , ^
In other words, the test of whether or not an act ot
delinquence is impeachable does not hang upon the
question of whether or not it was committed by an
officer in his public character and in the line of his
official duty, (Story on the Const., sec. 802, contra;
llawle on the Const., ch. 22, ft. 215,) but rather, and
with better reason, on the question of whether or not
it shows in tho actor or delinquent, unfitness for om-
cial trust and dignity. (See quotations appended#.)
D.—Mode of Proceeding.
(Story on the Const., sec. 805, 800; Pock's Trial,
PIi'herc is little technical in the mode of proceeding;
the charges are sufficiently clear, and yet in general
form; there are few exceptions which grow out of
mere technical rules, and these arise m the applica-
tion of the evidence. (Story on the Const., sec. 7b3.)
A member of the House brings forward a resolu-
tion either at onee accusing the party .or calling tor
acommittoeofinquiry. Incaseacommitteebecalled
for, and report against the suspected party, they give
a statement of charges and recommend that he bo
impeached. Upon the adoptionof the recommenda-
tion of the committee of inquiry, or without the in-
tervention of such a committee of a resolution ac-
cusing the party in the first instance as before sug-
gestcd, a committee is appointed to impeach the
accused at the bar of the Senate, and to state that
articles of impeachment will be exhibited against
him in due time, and made good before the Senate,
and to demand that the Senate take order for the
appearance of the party to answer to the impeach-
ment. (Comyn's Digest, title Pari. L . 20; 2 Wood-
son's Lect., 40, pp. 603, 604; Jeffs. Man,, sec. oo;
Storv on Const., soc. 805.)
The Senate having s-iguiiied their willingness to
take such order, the House then agree upon th&
articles of impeachment, which are presented to the
Senate by a committee appointed by the House
for the purpose of prosecuting the impeachment.
(Comyn's Digest, Title Parl.L, 21; Jefferson's Manual,
see. 53.)
Whereupon the Senate issues process, summoning
the party to appear at a given day before them, to
answer to the articles. The process is served by the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, and a return of itis
made to the Senate under oath. On the return day
of the process the Senate resolves itself into a court
for the trial of impeachments, and the .Senators are
sworn to do justice according to the Constitution and
the laws. The person impeached is then called to
answer. If he does not appear his default is re-
corded, and the Senate may proceed exparte. If ho
does appear, cither by himself or attorney, the parties
are required to form an issue, and a time is assigned
for the trial. If debates arise they are conducted in
secret, and decided by yeas and nays. (Story on tho
Constitution, see. 796 and 797.)
The trial is conducted substantially as othor judicial
trials, and is in accordance with the rules of common
law and parliamentary usage. (2 Wilson's Works, p.
164-166.
E.—How may impeachments be abated f
By the death otthe accused.
By the expiration of the accused's term of office.
(The ante-jurisdiction as to persons.)
An impeachment is not abated by the dissolution
of the court. (4 Black, Com., 400; Christian's Note,
Sir T. Raym, 483; 2 Lev., 93: Com. Jour., 23d Dec.,
1790, Lords' Jour., 16th May, 1791.)
F.—Conviction and judgment.
1. A concurrence of two thirds of the members
present is necessary for a conviction. (Const., art. 1,
sec. 3, cl. 6.) .
Note.—For conviction upon impeachment m the
English Houso of Lords, simply a majority, being at
least twelve, of tho members present must concur.
(Comyn's Digest, Title Pari. L. 17.)
II. Judgmcntin cascsof impeachment may extend
only to removal from office and disqualification to
hold any office of honor, trust, and profit under the
United State*. „ (Const., art. 1, see. 3, cl. 7.)
Of this double penalty ''removal from office 13
imperative, while tho disqualification is discre-
tionary. (Const., art. 2, see. 4; Trial of John Pick-
ering, 12th March, 1804: Brount's trial, 64 to 66, 79,
82, 83; Scrgt. on Const. Law, ch. 29, p. 364.)
iVo£<v—In this limitation of penalty^ the latitude
of judgment of the Senate in cases of impeachment
differs widely from that of the House of Lords; the
former are confined within a narrow discretion, tho
latter may, upon conviction, inflict tho wholo pun-
ishment attached by law to the offense. (Comyn 8
Digest, Pari. L. 44; 2 Woodeson's Lect., 40, pp.
611-614.)
G.—Pardon.
The sentence is irrevocable and irremissible.
(Const., art. 2, sec. 2, cl. 1.)
H.—liability subsequent to conviction.
The offender, though convicted and punished, is
subject to subsequent trial and punishment, so far
forth as he has offended against the municipal law
of the land. (Const., art. 1, sec. 3, cl.7; Story on
Const., sec. 781.) _ . , . .
Note.—Under the English law, and the larger juris-
diction of Parliament in the matter of punishment,
no subsequent prosecution can bo maintained.
Quotations.
A.—Object of impeachments.
44 Impeachments are not framed to alter the law,
but to carry it into more effective execution, where
it might be obstructed by the influence of too power-
ful delinquents, or not easily discovered in the ordi-
nary course of jurisdiction, by reason of the peculiar
quality of the alleged crimes." (From Story on the
Const, sec. 796; same doctrine is to be found in 1
Woodeson's Lee. 40, pp. 611, 612; and 4 Blaok. Com. 
261, Christian's note.)
2. Jurisdiction over them is with entire propriety
confided to "a tribunal capable of understanding:
and performing and scrutinizing tho polity of tho
State, and of sufficient dignity to maintain the in-
dependence and reputation of worthy public officers.
(From Story on theConst., sec. 798; see also 2 Woode-
son's Lect;, 40, p. 602.) ... , ,
3. 41 The provision of the Constitution is a.oheck on
arbitrary power, and compels the Chief Magistrate
as well as the humblest citizen to bend to the ma-
jesty of the laws," (From Story on the Const., sec. 811..)
B.—Impeachable offenses.
The offenses to which the power of impeachment has
been, and ordinarily is, applied as a remedy, are of a
political character. Not but that crimes of a strictly
legal character tall within tho scope of the power.
* * * * But that it has a more enlarged
operation, and reaches what are aptly termed politi-
cal offenses, growing out of personal misconduct, or
gross neglect or usurpation, or habitual disregard ot
the public interests, in thedischaigo of the duties ot
political office. These arc so various in their char-
acter, and so indefinable in their actual involutions,
that it is almost impossible to provide systematically
for them by positive law. They must bo examined
upon very broad and comprehensive principles of
public policy and duty. They must ^e judged of by
tho habits and rules and principles of diplomacy, ol
departmental operations and arrangements of pai-
liamentary practice, of executive customs and nego-
tiations of foreign as weii as domestic political move-
ments ; and, in short, by a great variety of circum-
stances, as well those which aggravate as those which
extenuate or justify tho offensive acts, which do not
properly belong to the judicial eharacterin the ordi-
nary udmnnstration ot justice, and are far removed
