1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2583
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of Michael Trecy and 106
others, iron workers in Blooraburg, Pennsylva-
nia, setting forth that, owing to foreign compe-
tition, their industry is greatly depressed and
praying for additional protective duties.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of Charles
May, relating to certain lauds in the city of
Milwaukee.
By Mr. PERHAM : The petition of Thomas
C. Chick, colonel first Massachusetts cavalry,
for pension.
Also, the petition of Frederick Denning,
falher of William F. Denning, late second lieu-
tenant company F, ninth regiment Maine in-
fantry, for pension.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of 101
workers in brass and iron in Philadelphia, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of William Bagshaw and
18 others, -workers in various industries in
Philadelphia, praying for'additioual protective
duties.
Also, the petition of 44 paper manufacturers
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 42 factory-workers in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
Also, the petition of W. AV. Steel and others,
workers in sheet-iron and tin in Philadelphia,
complaining of the depression of manufactur-
ing industry, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of J. AV. Loraine and 41
workers in the Vulcan Iron Works at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, complaining of the depres-
sion of industry, and praying for additional
protective duties.
By Mr. SCOF1ELD: The petition of Gus-
tave A. Ebish and 42 others, workers in iron
at Erie, Pennsylvania, praying for additional :
protective duties. I
Also, the petition of AV. J. AA'atkins and 34 ■
others, citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for such increase of piotective duties as
will revive manufactures and restore prosperity
to the country.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of 228 workers in the manufacture of
soda in Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed and many of
the trade are out of employment, and praying
for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 50 workers in Alle-
ghany City Works, in Alleghany county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of William Hughes and
40 others, i-ron-workers, in Armstrong county,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing to for-
eign competition their industry is greatly de-
pressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 93 citizens of Free-
port, Pennsylvania, setting forth that the pro-
ductive interests of the country are suffer-
ing and its industry paralyzed for want of
efficient protection against the cheaper labor
and capital of other countries; that much of
the distress now prevalent and daily increasing
would be relieved by the tariff bill (as passed
by the Senate) which failed in the House,
March, 1867, for want of time, and praying_
that Congress will resume reconsideration of
that measure and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment. j
Also, the petition of 49 operatives in the
Anchor cotton mills of Alleghany city, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that, owing to foreign
competition, their industry is greatly depressed
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 55 workers in the
Craigsville and Buffalo woolen mills, at AVorth-
ington, Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that, owing to foreign competition,
their industry is greatly depressed and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of iron-workers in Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing
to foreign competition, their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of workers in Singer,
Nirnick & Co.'s steel works, AVest Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing to for-
eign competition their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 54 workers in Lindsay
and McClutcheon's rolling mill, Alleghany,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing to for-
eign competition, their industry is greatly de-
pressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of Milton Maxwell and 52
others, citizens of Butler county, Pennsylvania,
praying for such increase of protective duties
as will revive manufactures and restore pros-
perity in the country.
Also, the petition of AVilliam R. Hamilton
and 43 others, citizens of Mahoning township,
Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, praying for
such increase of protective duties as will re-
vive manufactures and restore prosperity to
the country.
Also, the petition of Robert A. Nesbit and
120 others, employes in the iron works of Lewis
Bailey, Dalzell & Co., at Sharpsburg. Alle-
ghany county, Pennsylvania, complaining of
the depression of industry, and praying for
such increase of protective duties as will re-
lieve their distress, secure a home market for
the products of their industry, and aid them
in their unequal contest with the unpaid labor
of Europe.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 2G, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
IMPEACHMENT Of THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore o.ailed the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair at eight minutes before two o'clock p. m.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
executive communication's.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a statement
of contracts made by the quartermasters de-
partment during the month of April, 1868;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
information in relation to repent raids and
outiages upon citizens of Texas and in the
Chickasaw nation by bands of Indians belong-
ing to the Kiowa and Comanche tribes ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being takes,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 31: as follows : V
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,Dixon,
DooUttle, jv1 'uurid.-. Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
MeOreery, Soiron, Patterson of Tennessee. Ramsey,
Saalsbury, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and V i ckor.-—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Catfcel!, Cole, Conkling,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Fowler. Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill o£ Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Aye, Patterson of ftew Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman, Sprasue, bteivart, Thayer, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—31.
ABS&3N T .Messrs. Chandler, Grimes, Howard, and
Yates—4.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Mary C. Lane, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken from her by the military forces of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Texas, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed upon Horace Tay-
lor, of that State, by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of John Sheets,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He al..o presented a petition of Washington
J. F. Martin, praying to be allowed arrears of
pensions ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial *bf
members of the General Assembly of the State
of Ohio, protesting against the erection of
bridges across the Ohio river having a span
less than five hundred feet ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
and members of the constitutional convention
of Mississippi, praying the removal of civil dis-
abilities imposed upon Joseph Lemby, a citi-
zen of that State, by acts of Congress ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Ho also presented a petition of colored citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying a removal of
the political disabilities imposed upon James
Johnson and Hugh Craig, citizens of that State,
by acts of Congress ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Antoinette Darling, praying compensation for
damages sustained in consequence of Indian
depredations in Minnesota; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
notice 01" a bill.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to facilitate the
trial of questions of conflict of jurisdiction be-
tween the Government of the United States
and the governments of the States ; and ques-
tions of the constitutionality of all acts of Con-
gress and of the Legislatures of any State by
the Supreme Court of the United States.
district or columbia business.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a resolution
offered by me a few days since in relation to
fixing a day for the consideration of District
of Columbia business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Harlan on the 21st
instant:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, Friday of
each week be set apart for the consideration of bills
on the Calendar relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend that by
fixing one Friday. I think one day a week is
a little too much. I will say Friday of this
week.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
take advantage of the discussion of this reso-
lution to propound^, question to the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia
in the hearing of the Senate. I wish to inquire
what the law or the understanding is in refer-
ence to the dut5* of Congress to keep Pennsyl-
vania avenue in order: whether it is to be done
by Congress or by the city of Washington ;
and if it is to be done by Congress or the
nation, whether the committee have anv meas-
ure in contemplation for repairing that street?
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, in reply tu
