THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
visions of the Constitution, every possible con-
dition of offices, and to apply to all without
exception.
If this law provides, wherever the Constitu-
tion does not, a general rule in relation to
all offices, it repeals, to its extent, all former
laws, and destroys the effect of all previous
customs, rules, or precedents; and if it pro-
vides such general rule in relation to all condi-
tions of offices, without exception, it covers the
subject-matter of all former laws on the same
subject,- and overlies and repeals them.
It is apparent, then, that after the passage
of this act the whole law in relation to both
removals and appointments of civil officers
requiring confirmation was to be found in the
Constitution and the tenure-of-office act. These
together constitute the general governing rule
of action on this subject, and all lawful action
must be under and in accordance with it. and
any official act in disregard of or contrary to
it is a violation of law and a misdemeanor in
office.
That the President understood that this was
the effect of the tenure-of-office law is con-
clusively apparent. His action in August last
in regard to Mr. Stanton, and his suspension
from office, was had under the second section
of this law, otherwise it could not lawfully have
been had at all, for that section prescribes when
and how the suspension may be made, and
forbids one under all other circumstances.
The President acted strictly under the provis-
ions of this law ; first, in the form of the sus-
pension ; second, in the authorization of Gen-
eral Grant; third, in the notice to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; fourth, in his report to
the Senate. Indeed, how could he intend, as
he claims that he did intend, to test in the
courts the constitutionality of the law by the
removal of Mr. Stanton, if he thought that his
case was not included in the law ?
Again, by the second section, which applies
without question to Mr. Stanton, the President
was not authorized " during the recess of the
Senate" to "remove" him; he was only
authorized, and only claimed to be authorized,
to suspend" him, although it was during the
recess. Now, upon whatever implication of
constitution or law the power of removal or
suspension is assumed for him, that implica-
tion is certainly, on principle and precedent,
stronger in favor of the power during a recess
of the Senate than during its session. Upon
what principle, then, in view of the authorita-
tive declaration of Congress that he may only
" suspend" an officer " during the recess," can
he claim to remove him during the session?
But, again, this second section in terms set-
tles the question of removal against him. The
section is admitted to include Stanton within
its general provisions. It provides that the
President may, under certain circumstances,
suspend an officer during the recess. This he
did. It provides that having done so, he shall,
when the session occurs and within a limited
time after its commencement, report the sus-
pension, with his reasons, to the Senate. This
he also did. It also provides that, if the Sen-
ate shall concur and advise and consent, and
so certify, he may "thereupon remove." It
will be observed that this is during the session
of the Senate, and that the removal is only to
be made upon the advice and consent of the
Senate. He may remove him " thereupon,''
that is, not otherwise. In Mr. Stanton's case
the Senate did not concur, aud the condition
of liis removal being wanting, the President
could not remove him, but under the provis-
ions of this section he " forthwith resumed the
functions of his office." He holds his office,
then, by the provisions of this law, contained
in a section which certainly applies to him,
contrary to the will of the President, under the
action of the Senate, which is thus by law made
capable of preventing his removal. Why
should he so hold it, and why is this power
drclarod by law to be in the Senate, and the
President's power thus restrained, if the Pres-
ident may the next moment remove him with-
out consent and despite the action of the- Sen-
ate? And does-not this show that this law is (
intended to comprehend the whole subject- j
matter, and to regulate in all respects the power
of the President in this regard? Is it not con-
clusive that all power of suspension and re-
moval, except by nomination and confirmation,
under the Constitution, is exhausted by these
proceedings? What becomes of the claimed
implication of a power of removal in the Pres-
ident, without precedent, or even with prece-
dent, in the face of the irresistible language
and implication of this law, that the Senate
must concur in all removals, and that any
removal without such concurrence is a direct
defiance of the legislative authority, and a
misdemeanor in office?
The remaining question on these three arti-
cles is, was the appointment of Thomas, as set
out in the second and third articles, an act
authorized either by the Constitution or by
law ? If not, then these articles are sustained.
A general power of appointment by the
Executive, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a special power himself to fill
vacancies "which may happen" during the
recess, and the power to appoint inferior offi-
cers where such power has been given him by
legislative enactment—-these comprise all the
authority of the President for this purpose,
given in or to be derived from the Constitution.
Whatever rightful authority, then, was exer-
cised by the President in making this appoint-
ment to the War Department, must have been
derived by the express terms of some legislative
enactment.
By the eighth section of the act of 1792,
making alterations in the Treasury and War
Departments, it is made lawful for the Presi-
dent, in case of the death, sickness, or absence
of the Secretary, to authorize some person to
perform the duties of the office until a successor
is appointed, in case of death or the absence
or inability from sickness shall cease. The
only actual vacancy contemplated by this act
is one happening by death.
The act of 1795, amendatory of the last
mentioned act, declares, generally, that in every
caseof vacancyinthe Department " it shall be
lawful'' for the President to authorize any per-
son to perforin the duties of the office until a
successor be appointed, "provided that no one
vacancy shall be supplied in manner aforesaid
for a longer term than six months." This act
contemplates lawful vacancies only, for none
others are vacancies which can be lawfully
filled. We have already seen that the President
could not lawfully make a vacancy withoutthe
concurrence of the Senate while it was in ses-
sion to take concurrent action; and to claim
that the President is authorized by this act to
make an appointment to a vacancy made dur-
ing a session of the Senate by his separate
action, is simply begging the whole question.
If there was no lawful vacancy, it could not
lawfully be filled, and there is nothing in the
law which makes any vacancy lawful which was
not lawful before its passage. By the act of
February 20, 1863, it is made lawful for the
President, in case of the death, resignation,
sickness, or absence of the head of any execu-
tive Department, toauthorize the head or other
officer of one of the Departments to perform
the duties " until a successor is appointed, or
such absence or inability by sickness shall
cease."
This was the condition of the law before the
passage of the "tenure-of-office act."
The act of 1702 had been superseded by the
act of 1795, and this had been followed in turn
by the act of 1803. This last act was, I doubt
not, intended to supersede the act of 1795, as it j
provides that, the vacancies to which it applies |
shall he filled with a select class of persons, !
and there could have been no reason why all j
vacancies in the same office, however pro- \
duced, should not be filled by the same select
cla<s. The act appears to be intended to
provide for the temporary supplying of all I
vacancies in the offices referred to, and by .
omitting from its list of vacancies vacancies •
by removal, it seems, by its later implication, i
to conclude the President's power of removal,
as derived from the implications of the earlier
laws of 1789, creating the Departments.
But if it is conceded that the President re-
tained the power of removal daring the recess,
after the passage of the act of 1868, it must
also be conceded that the act of 1863 did - not
cover all the subject- matter of the act of 1795,
and does not, therefore, completely supersede
it. It will be seen that none of these laws
affirmatively recognize or imply a power of
removal in the President during the session of
the Senate, and consequently they give him
no power of appointment to a vacancy made by
him at such time, while not one precedent can
be found that goes to this extent, so that this
power is claimed contrary to the necessary
implications of the Constitution, and without
authority either of law or precedent. But the
tenure-of-office act clearly covers and regulates
this whole subject-matter, and supersedes the
previous laws, including the act of 1795.
We have already seen that this act applies to
this case.
The second section certainly does apply, and
if the vacancy which is said to exist in the
War Departmentis claimed to have been made
" during a recess" in August last, it must have
been under that section, for it provides that
" during the recess of the Senate" vacancies
shall only be made by the President by sus-
pension, and that no suspension shall be had,
except in a case made under its provisions,
and that "in sucfi case and in no oilier''' the
President may designate a suitable person tem-
porarily to perform the duties ; but if the Sen-
ate does not consent the suspended officer
shall "forthwith resume the functions of his
office." So if the vacancy was made in vaca-
tion that vacancy no longer existed after the
refusal of the Senate to consent to it, and the
appointment of Thomas was without authority
of law. But the terms of the President's letter
of February "21 to Mr. Stanton assume that he
was then in office, and was thereby removed
"during the session of the Senate." We have
already seen that all removals at such times
are regulated by the first section of the tenure-
of-office act, and that the case of Stanton is
included by its provisions ; but by that sec-
tion all temporary or ad interim appointments
to the offices referred to therein are abolished,
and the officer appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate is " entitled
to hold" his office until a successor shall have
been appointed " in like manner," that is, with
the concurrence of the Senate. The appoint-
ment of Thomas was not " in like manner."
It will also be perceived that the words in
the body of the first section immediately pre-
ceding the proviso are except as herein oth-
wise provided." This language refers to the
whole act. Its meaning is except as is other-
wise provided in this act. Now the term of
office, and the manner of removal from and
appointment to office, are distinct propositions
contained in the body of the section. The
proviso relates only to the term of the officers
therein named ; but that part of the subject-
matter of the general clause which provides
how the successors of all civil officers requiring
confirmation shall be appointed, namely, "by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate," is not affected by the proviso. This sub-
ject is " not otherwise provided for' in that
proviso in relation to any officers, and the pro-
vision of the general clause in relation to it, is
not restricted by the terms or implications of
the proviso.
To take the officers mentioned in the excep-
tion wholly outside of the provisions of the
general clause, which covers other subject-
matter besides that covered by the exception,
the language must have been except the offi-
cers hereinafter mentioned, or something of
like effect. Thus, whether Mr. Stanton's case,
as far as relates to the tenure of his office, is
within the general clause or the exception of
this section, or within neither, his successor's
case is clearly within the general clause, and
no one can be lawfully appointed to succeed
