1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
the adoption of the Federal Constitution the
several States existing under the Articles ot
Confederation were recognized as independent
nations in every important political sense.
Kacii had its own separate system ot jurispru-
dence. ineludins;the common law inherited trom
the mother country; and therefore, as between
themselves or in relation to a system which
should be common to all, there was no com-
mon law other than that public international
law which exists among all civilized Govern-
ments. This separate system of colonial com-
mon law existing in the several colonies as
distinct and independent political organiza-
tions was not combined or transformed into
anv general or federal system by the adoption
of the national Constitution, for the reason that
the individuality of the several colonies was
preserved in the continuing sovereignty of the
States in the formation and ratification of the
Federal Constitution, nothing being surren-
dered to the General Government but what was
specified in the instrument creating it. But
apart from this modest States right view of
the question, and which may fall harshly on the
delicate tympanums of our friends on the other
side of the House, I will here state the fact
that an eminent American law writer, who hails
from the region of the honorable gentleman
who heads the majority report, [Mr. Bout-
well.] puts the non-existence of a national
system of common law in this country upon
much broader and more elementary grounds.
Mr. Bishop in his popular work on American
criminal law asserts:
" That no organization or mutation of Governments
either creates or annihilates law; but that all laws
exiting hetjre exist afterward, until altered or mod-
ified by the now legislative power. If, therefore, the
State governments had been entirely superseded by
the national upon the loruiation of the Constitution
this would have brought into bein^ no law and de-
stroyed none: but whatever was law in the several
States would have remained such in their particular
'localities. In other words, 110 national common law
wou'd have been introduced, but as many distinct
systems of local law wou.d have continued in force
as there were States of which the new nation was
composed."
There is then, Mr. Chairman, iu this coun-
try, inauger the assertion of a majority of
the Judiciary Committee of this House, no
national common law outside of certain rules
of practice and evidence, either in civil or
criminal jurisprudence, by which the Federal
courts or this House, sitting, not strictly in
its legislative capacity, but as a quasi grand
inquest charged with the duty and powers of
impeachment, or the Senate charged with the
judicial duty of trying the case, are to be gov-
erned and controlled. Mr. Wharton, in his
work on criminal law, closes his review of the
question in these words :
"But however this may be on the merits, the line
of recent decision^ puts it beyond a doubt that thTi
Federal courts will not now take jurisdiction over
any crimes which have not been placed directly under
their control by act of Congress."
Whatever doubts, Mr. Chairman, may have
existed in the early judicial history of the
country upon this question, the latest decis-
ions of our highest courts have settled the
proposition beyond all controversy. I have
time to notice but one or two of them. The
case of the United State3 against the New
Bedford bridge, in the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for the first circuit, and reported in
^oodbury & Minot's Reports, page 401, dis-
tinctly decides these propositions : that a grant
of powers to Congress in the Constitution
over certain subjects in general terms does
not invest any particular courts with that au-
thority until Congress shall confer it by a law, .
except in some specified powers given in the
Constitution to the Supreme Court; that the
common law cannot be resorted to for aid in
giving jurisdiction to the courts of the United
States; and that the grant of power to Con-
gress to regulate foreign commerce and the
declaration that the judicial power shall extend
to all cases of admiralty jurisdiction do not
enable a Federal court to punish any act as !
a crime unless some part ot the Constitution ]
or a treaty or some law of Congress makes it
a crime. I need not make an argument to I
show how the principles recognized in this New I
Betiford bridge case may be made to apply |
with all the force of the closest analogy to
the general and undefining language used in
the Constitution as to impeachable offenses
other than those of treason and bribery. The
principles to be applied to the two cases are
identical. In the case of the United States
against Lancaster, reported in '2 McLean's
Reports, page 4ol, Mr. Justice McLean makes
the following remark : j
"The Federal Government has no jurisdiction of
offenses at common law. Kven in civil eases the Fed-
eral Government follows tlio rule of the common law
only as adopted by the States respectively. It can
exercise no criminal jurisdiction which isnot given
by statute, nor punish any act criminally except as
the statute provides."
I need not multiply authorities; such is
undoubtedly the law. And yet, Mr. Chairman,
the majority of the Judiciary Committee who
have submitted their report to this House, feel-
ing the point of the dilhculty, have struggled
hard to maintain the position that an impeach-
ment is to be supported in this country by the
principles of the common law as drawn from
the judicial systems of another country whose
political offenses are, iu most cases, the very
antipodes of ours, compelling them to assume
the monstrous propositionthat the terms •' high
crimes and inisdemeauors,"' as used in our
Constitution, are to be interpreted and en-
forced by the same canons of construction.
The honorable gentlemen who compose that
majority more than intimate a doubt, in the very
face of the highest authority, whether even
the common law of crimes is not cognizable in
the Federal judicial courts; but in order to
escape the difficulty of their own doubt they
ingeniously, but not very logically, assume the
ground that there is a distinction as to the
rules of construction between a crime men-
tioned in a statute and one embodied in a con-
stitution. Sir, it is a distinction without a dif-
ference. I know of no such discriminative
construction in relation to the same thing iu
different instruments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved that
further time be allowed his colleague, which
was agreed to.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Chairman, I thank
the committee for this very handsome mani-
festation of their kindness and courtesy.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that Judge
Story, with that strong disposition to theorize
and to run into speculative disquisitions upon
the great subject of Federal powers which
marked his character as a law writer upon the
Constitution, has expressed his dissatisfaction,
and perhaps even his doubts, upon this ques-
tion of a common law system in the Federal
jurisdiction. But when he wrote his Comment-
aries on the Constitution a number of the
cases, and particularly the great case of the
State of Pennsylvania against the Wheeling
Bridge Company, had not been decided, and
which have at last settled the question with
such clearness as ought to preclude all future
discussion. But as against the doubts of Judge
Storj', even at that early day, I feel that I
would not do full justice to the question if I
did not quote the deliberate opinion of one
whose abilities as a constitutional lawyer were
unsurpassed, and who has been justly denom-
inated the father of the Constitution. I of
course mean Mr. Madison. Upon this subject
he has written as follows. The Clerk will
please read those portions in the book I now
send him designated by pencil marks.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In the State prior to the Revolution it is certain
that, the common law under different limitations
made a part of the colonial codes. But whether it bo
understood, that the original colonists brought the
law with them or made it their law by adoption, it is
equally certain that it was the separate law of each
colony within its respecti voliinits, and was unknown
to them as a law pervading and operating through
the whole as one society.
"It could not possibly be otherwise. The common
law was not the same in any two of the colonies: in
I some the Modifications wero materially and exten-
sively different. Thero was no common legislature
by which a common will could bo expicssed in tho
form of a law, nor an> common magistracy by which
such a law could bo carried into practice. The will
ot each colon:, alone and separately, had its oigang
for these purposes.
"This stage ot our political history furnishos no
foothold for tin' pations of this now doctrine.
" Did, then, tile principle or operation of the great
event which made the colonics independent States
imply or introduce the common law as a law of the
Uiron?
"Tho fundamental principle of tho Revolution wns
that tho colonies wereeoordinate members with each
I other and with Great Britain of au empire united by
a common executive sovereign, but not united by any
; common legislative sovereign. Tho legislative power
was maintained to be as complete in each American
parliament as iu the British Parliament. And tlio
' royal prerogative was in forcc in each colony, by vir-
tue of its acknowledging the king for its executivo
magsitrate. as it was in Great Britain by virtue of a
like acknowledgment there. A denial of these prin-
ciples by Great Britain and tho assertion of thoui by
America produced the Revolution.
" Suchbeing the ground of our Revolution, no sup-
port nor color can bo drawn from it for the doctrino
that tho common law is binding on these States as
one society. The doctrine, on the contrary, is evi-
dent I.v repugnant to the fundamental principle of the
Revolution."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Now, Mr. Chairman,
the distinct, point I make is this: that if the
Constitution of the United States has failed to
confer, or has purposely not conferred, upon
the Federal courts any common law jurisdic-
tion either in civil or criminal cases—-and that
is a question which I claim has been settled by
the authorities I have considered—then the
proposition must be equally true that the Sen-
ate of the United States, in its strictly judicial
character as a high court of impeachment, is
also without such common law jurisdiction, and
especially so in regard to criminal proceedings.
Learned and honorable gentlemen certainly
will not claim on this floor that there may and
should exist a dwectand irreconcilable conflict
j between the rules of law in relation to the trial
j of high crimes and misdemeanors as adminis-
teredin the Supreme Court of the United States
and the Senate of the United States, both sit-
ting strictly as judicial tribunals under the same
Constitution. The framers of the Constitution—
such men as Madison and Hamilton and Mar-
tin and Wilson—never intended such horrid
discord as that. Sir, I would not, if I could,
add anything to the very able argument con-
tained in the minority report of the committee
that the Senate as a court of impeachment is
strictly a judicial tribunal; that its whole power
is limited to the trial of the facts and the pro-
nouncing of the judgment upon the crimes
proved or failed to be proved; and that they
are not authorized by the exertion of a legisla-
tive power in making new crimes or adding
new penalties not so declared in the Constitu-
tion or by any prior law of Congress. Sir, the
very form of their special oath constitutes them
a judicial tribunal. 'The fact, too, that in an
impeachment of the President the Chief Jus-
tice of the United States shall preside at the
trial gives to the Senate a still more direct and
distinctive judicial character. For what pur-
pose does he so preside? Undoubtedly io
declare the law, to administer the rules of
practice and of evidence, and to pronounce the
judgment. All these are naked judicial acts,
and it is absurd to suppose or assume that the
Senate can go one inch beyond these powers.
I therefore assert here in my place, as a Rep-
resentative of the people, and from my most
solemn convictions as a lawyer, that there can
be, in the present state of the Constitution and
the laws, no impeachment of a President of the
United States except for the specified crimes
of treason and bribery. It was undoubtedly
contemplated by the framers of the Constitu-
tion in their use" of the general and undescrip-
tive terms "high crimes and misdemeanors,"
(admitted to be so contemplated both by Story
and Rawle in their Commentaries,) that the
legislative power of the nation should enumer-
ate, in criminal statutes passed for that pur-
pose, the particular acts for the willful com-
mission or omission of which the President or
other civil officers should be impeached. It is,
therefore, unsound reasoning and a wholly
untenable and illogical position on the part of
