526
SUPPLEMENT TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
him except "in like manner,''' as he was him-
self appointed; that is, with the concurrence
of the Senate.
Again, the reasoning on the spirit of the
second section of the act is irresistible. Does
it not seem a ridiculous' claim that the Presi-
dent may, " during a session of the Senate,"
appoint a successor or loetim tenens, of any kind,
for an officer whom the Senate has just, under
express authority of law, refused to remove,
ana who has just, under like authority, resumed
the functions of his office ?
The appointment of Thomas, then, was un-
authorized by any law, and was an unlawful
attempt, by the exercise of usurped executive
power, to seize upon and control a most im-
portant department of_ the Government, in
violation of express legislative enactment.
This crime, so clearly shown, is really a
higher and more dangerous one than the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton, for it not only includes
the unlawful removal, but is in itself an affirm-
ative, while the other is, in some sense, but a
negative act of usurpation.
Whatever plea of misinformation, mistake,
orabseuceof intent maybe set up by his friends
or his counsel the President makes no such
plea. He has claimed, and does claim in his
answer and by the lips of his special repre-
sentatives among the counsel, that he has
removed Mr. Stanton and appointed Thomas
by virtue of power vested in him as the Chief
Executive, notwithstanding the tenure-of-office
act. And it is proved that he intends to carry
out his attempts should this trial result in his
favor. By a verdict of acquittal, then, the Sen-
ate must either recede from their position on
this act, or must submit that the President may
defy its spirit and violate its express provisions
with impunity.
Jn the consideration of this auestion I have
assumed the constitutionality of the tenure-of-
office act. I cannot consent to even consider
this a debatable point. The Senate has sol-
emnly adjudicated this question for itself on
four distinct occasions, each individual Senator
acting under the obligation of an oath as solemn
and binding as that administered at the com-
mencement of this trial, of the solemnity of
which we have been so often reminded by the
couusol for the President. First, by the pas-
sage of the bill in question, after a full discus-
sion of its provisions, by a vote of 20 yeas to
9 nays. Secondly, the bill having been sub-
mitted to the President for his approval and
returned to the Senate with his objections in
an elaborate veto message arguing against the
constitutionality of the measure, the Senate
again passed the bill in the face of the argu-
ments submitted, by a vote of more than two
thirds of the members present and voting.
Upon the question " Shall the bill pass, the
objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding?" the vote was as follows :
"Ybas—Messrs. Anthony, Cuttell, Chandler. Con-
ness. Criifrin, Edmunds. Fessendeii, Fork, Foster,
Fowlor. Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Kirkwood, I,one, Morgan, Morrill, Nyo,
Poland, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, .Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wado,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and- Yates—'!5.
"Nays—Messrs. Buokalcw, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Hendricks, Johnson, Nesmith, Norton,
Patterson, and Saulsbury—11."
Thirdly, the Senate recognized the validity
of this law when, in response to the message
of the President communicating the fact that
he had "during the recess" suspended Air.
Stanton, the Senate took action, under and in
accordance with the said law, and after due
consideration refused to concur in the suspen-
sion of that officer, and informed the President
thereof. Fourthly, when the President, after
having exhausted all legal means to displace
this faithful and efficient officer, and rid himself
of what his counsel chooses to call "a thorn in
his heart," deliberately, willfully, and know-
ingly violated the provisions of this act by the
arbitrary removal, or attempted removal, of
Mr. Stanton and the appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas, and defiantly flaunted his action in the
face of the Senate, this body again reaffirmed
the validity of the tenure-of-office act by
declaring that the a'ction of the President was
without lawful authority.
I submit, then, that the tenure-of-office bill,
having been passed over the President's veto
by a vote of two thirds of both Houses, by
express provision of the Constitution " it
became a law," a law to the President, and a
law to all the people; a law as valid and bind-
ing as any on the statute-book ; and I cannot
believe that the Senate will consent to stultify
itself by the admission that its oft-repeated
action upon this bill was in violation of the
Constitution, which each member had solemnly
sworn to support.
Moreover, the President himself recognized
the validity of the law by taking action under
its provisions in the suspension of Mr. Stanton,
as I have already shown in the course of this
argument. Upon what principle may he con-
sider a law valid and binding to-day and of no
force or effect to-morrow? The law was suf-
ficient so long as he thought he could accom-
plish his purpose to get rid of Mr. Stanton
under it; but when he failed in this, by.the
refusal of the Senate to concur in the proposed
removal, he overrides the lawand then attempts
to shelter himself, when arraigned for the
offense, under the plea that it is not a consti-
tutional law.
But admitting, for the sake of argument, that
there were no doubts as to the constitutionality
of the law, who clothed Andrew .Johnson with
judicial power to settle that question? Under
what clause of the Constitution does he pre-
sume to derive the power to decide which of
the enactments of Congress are valid and bind-
ing and which are not? If he may exercise
judicial functions in regard to one law, why
not in regard to all laws? As I read the Con-
stitution, the President is enjoined to "take
care that the laws be faithfully executed." I
find no provision in that instrument which
clothes him with the more than regal power to
decide which laws he will execute and which
he will not.
If judicial power is a prerogative of the
Executive, of what use is the Supreme Court?
Why not abolish so useless an institution?
Nay, more, if a law of Congress, though
passed by the constitutional vote of two thirds
of both Houses, may not '•become a laio"
unless it meets the sanction of the Executive—
if he may suspend or virtually repeal by ren-
dering inoperative the enactments of Congress,
why not abolish the legislative department of
the Government?
It may be that Andrew Johnson is wiser than
the Senate and House of Representatives; it
may be that wisdom will die with him ; it may
be unfortunate that the Constitution under
which we live has not given to him who claims
to be its especial custodian and guardian the
more than imperial power to make the laws
and judicially pass upon them, as well as the
duty to take care that they " be faithfully exe-
cuted ; " but, in my judgment, the American
people will be slow in arriving at any such
conclusion. So monstrous a proposition as
that which virtually surrenders to one man all
the power of our great Government is not
worthy of serious consideration.
Mr. President, for the first time in the his-
tory of our Government we are confronted
with a clear, decided, and flagrant act of ex-
ecutive usurpation. For his offense against
the majesty of the law the House of Itepre-
seutatives, in accordance with the provisions
of the Constitution, and in the name of all the
people of the United States, have impeached
Andrew Johnson for high crimes and misde-
meanors, and have brought him to the bar of
the Senate to answer to the charges exhibited
against him. The issues involved in these pro-
ceedings are of the gravest character, reaching
down to the very foundation of our system of
government, and it behooves us as the repre-
sentatives of forty million people to see to it that
impartial justice is done as between the people
and the accused. If this, the highest tribunal
of the nation, shall render a verdict of acquittal,
it will be a virtual admission of the President's
assertion of " the power at any and all times
of removing from office all executive officers
for cause to be judged by the President alone."
It will be a complete surrender of the consti-
tutional power of the Senate over all appoint-
ments to office, for of what practical value will
be the required advice and consent of the
Senate to an appointment if the person so
appointed may the next hour be removed by
the action of the Executive alone, regardless
of, and, indeed, in despite of, the wishes of the
Senate?
It will, moreover, be a virtual surrender of
what has been claimed from the origin of the
Government to this day, the right to regulate
and control, by legislative enactment, the execu-
tive power over removals from office of such
officers as require confirmation by the Senate,
and it will give to the President the unre-
strained control of the officer!? of the Army
and Navy, as well as those of the civil ser-
vice.
It will give license to Andrew .Johnson and
all future occupants of the presidential office
to disregard at pleasure the enactments of the
legislative department, and to plead in justifi-
cation that you have so ruled by your verdict
in this ease.
It will tend to destroy the harmonious rela-
tions of the several departments of the Gov-
ernment, so nicely adjusted, with cheeks and
balances and limitations by the wisdom of
the fathers of the Constitution, by increasing
immensely the powers and privileges of the ex-
ecutive at the expense of the legislative depart-
ment. Thenceforward the ruler will no longer
be the servant of the people, but the people will
be the servants of the ruler, and we shall not
be able hereafter to say, in the sublime lan-
guage of the martyred Lincoln, that ours is
"a Government of the people, by the people,
and for the people."
Believing, as I conscientiously do, that such
are the results which must follow the acquittal
of Andrew Johnson by this tribunal, and believ-
ing that the House of Representatives have made
good the material charges preferred against him,
I cannot doubt as to my duty in the premises.
I deeply regret that the necessity for these mo-
mentousproceedingshasarisen. I would gladly
have escaped the solemn responsibility of this
hour. But this may not be, and I must, there-
fore, upon the law fcnd the evidence, in accord-
ance with the dictates of my conscience, and
in view of the solemn obligations of my oath,
declare that in my judgment Andrew Johnson
is guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors as
charged by the Representatives of the people.
