2584
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
May 26,
the Senator from Indiana, [ will say that the
jurisdiction over the avenues in Washington
city has never been conferred on the corpora-
 0!i ot Washington; consequently, 1 suppose,
the control of Pennsylvania avenue is under
Congress. There are, 1 believe, petitions before
the Committee on the District of Columbia of
the Senate for the repair of Pennsylvania ave-
nue ; 1 am Sure there are for the repair of sev-
eral other avenues; and one member of the
committee has a bill under consideration now
contemplating the paving of one or two of the
avenues. There is, however, nothing fully
matured on that subject, 1 think.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The ques-
tion now is oil taking up the resolution ot the
Senator from Iowa lor consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make one state-
ment in this connection. I believe that that
street, the principal street in this city, one used
to a greater or less extent by all persons con-
nected with the Government and visitors, is,
when you consider its length, the worst street
in the United States. Certainly between here
and the Treasury Department it is a torture to
ride over it in a carnage, and there is no com-
fort in passing over it except in the street cars.
It seems to me that if the jurisdiction belongs
to the Government ot the United States, and
the city of Washington is under no obligation
or has no right to repair that street, it would
be proper that some measure should be pre-
sented for the purpose of having it put in repair.
It is now full of holes, endangering the springs
of any carriage to pass over it faster than a
walk; and by next spring, another winter in-
tervening, it will be almost impassable.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
to take up for consideration the resolution sub-
mitted by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
California, [Mr. Conness.]
Air. VAN WINKLE. Will an amendment
to that resolution be in order now ?
The PRESIDENTjwo tempore. There is an
amendment pending.
Mr. VAM WINKLE. That was offered
before it was taken up. I will suggest my
amendment, however, and the Senator from
California will see whether it conforms to his
views. It is, instead of his amendment, to
insert after the words "bills relating to the
District of Columbia," the words "and pri-
vate bills;" so that each Friday will be set
apart for the consideration of bills relating to
the District of Columbia and private bills.
Mr. CONNESS. That would not be enough
of time; because nine tenths of the business
we do here would be regarded as private bills,
and it would be a piopositiou to change the
whole practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
amendment be reported. It does not seem to
be germane to the proposition as it stands.
The pending amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved to amend
the resolution so as to read :
That 1 riday next be set apart for the conpideration
or bills on the Calendar- relating to the District oi'
Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PitESIDENTpro tempore. Now, does
the Senator from W est V irginia offer an amend-
ment '!
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot offer mine
now because the resolution fets apart only one
Friday.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
personal explanation's impeachment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, you will
bear me witness that I very seldom deem it
necessary to obtrude upon tiie Senate anything !
of a personal nature; and I should not do so I
now weie it not that my name has beeu very j
improperly connected with a charge brought
against another person, a personage of the
highest character and the incumbent of a great
office. My attention has been called to an
article in a "Washington newspaper that ought
to know better, copied originally, 1 believe,
from a New York paper, in which it is stated
that latterly I dined with the Chief Justice, and
that thereafter he was closeted with me for
three hours plying me with arguments against
the conviction of the President. Whether for
a Senator to dine with the Chief Justice is an
offense of sufficient magnitude to call down the
animadversions of the press, and whether it
be a crime for a Senator who is a trier in a
case to consult with the Chief Justice whom
the Constitution makes the presiding officer in
the trial, are questions not necessary to be
considered in this connection, inasmuch asthe
whole story is a fabrication without the slight-
est possible foundation. I have not had the
honor to dine with the Chief Justice daring all
this session of Congress, nor have I been
closeted with him, nor have I had any consult-
ation, nor has he adduced any argument what-
ever to influence my vote in the trial just
concluded.
Mr. President, I have been a journalist for
a great while, from a period that antedates the
service of almost all those who are now en-
gaged in that honorable profession. Familiar
with all its vexations, than which perhaps
there is none greater than the difficulty, often
almost the impossibility of verifying statements
of fact in season to be available, and experi-
enced in the trouble which an editor or a cor-
respondent often has, even with the best inten-
tions and with the most painstaking care in
avoiding grave misstatements of fact, I am
quick to extend to the errors of others that
charitable construction which I have often
required for my own ; but for a statement of
this kind, utterly without foundation, I can find
no excuse ; and as I hold the profession of
journalism in high honor and esteem, I am
mortified at the uses to which it has been de-
graded in certain quarters, where better things
might have been expected, during this trial.
That kind of journalism, Mr. President, that
penetrates into dining-rooms and listens at
keyholes should at least have the merit of a
tolerable degree of accuracy in its statements.
It is sufficiently offensive to all decent men
even when it does not season impertinence
with calumny and add falsehood to malignity.
Mr. WILLBY. Lest my silence, after the
remarks which have been made by the Senator
from Rhode Island, should be misconstrued, I
deem it proper to make a remark. So far as I
am individually concerned, although I have
been the recipient of a liberal share of miscon-
struction and misrepresentation for a great
many years, 1 have never deemed it proper to
notice it; but silica my name has been con-
nected with that of the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island in several of those interviews,
and a great deal of that wining and dining and
private conference with the Chief Justice, lest
it should be inferred by my silence that there
was some truth in it with respect to me if I did
not rise and deny it, I desire to say that in ref-
erence to myself there is not one word of truth
in it from the beginning to the end. It is due
to the Chief Justice te say that he never had a
word of conversatym with me upon this trial,
nor ! with him directly or indirectly; that I
have not beenyMside his house since this trial
commenced ;yfhat there has been no overture,
directly or indirectly, on his part to me or on
my part tp him. I not only have not been '
there myself, and I have not only had no con- I
ference/with him, but 1 know of no Senator '
who 1ms. Lest that distinguished gentleman i
mayi>e implicated in some manner or form by ,
iilence on this subject, under existing cir- '
stances, 1 have thought it necessary to I
make this statement. So far as I myself am
concerned, I hold in utter contempt ail that I
fraternity that cut these falsehoods out of the \
whole cloth. |
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to say. since 1
this subject has been broached, that I have
never exchanged a single word with the Chief
Justice of the United States on the subject of
the impeachment trial; that I have not dined
at his house nor been within his doors cer-
tainly for more than a year and a half, and
that I have received no letters from him in re-
lation to the subject. The only conversation.
I had with him was when we met in the corri-
dor, during the recess, when he said "How do
you do?" [Laughter.]
national life insurance company.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
these personal explanations are through, 1 move
to take up Senate bill No. 286.
Mr. JOHNSON rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the bill
be read by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will permit me to say a word after the bill is
taken up, of course I have no objection.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Certainly.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill, a3
follows;
A bill (S. No. 286) to incorporate the Na-
tional Life Insurance Company of the United
States of America.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanations impeachment.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of
my friend from New Hampshire, in conse-
quence of what has fallen from my honorable
friend from Khode Island, I deem it proper,
not with a view to vindicate myself, but for the
purpose of doing justice to otheis, that I should
say a word in relation to some of those cal-
umnies—whether designed or not, still cal-
umnies. On the day when we were in con-
clave deliberating among ourselves upon the
case of the President, it so happened that upon
my expressing a wish to return in the car to -
the honorable member from Missouri. [Mr.
Henderson,] and receiving an answer trom
him that he had been invited by the Chief Jus-
tice to go in a carriage with himself and the
member from Rhode Island behind me [Mr.
Speague] he invited me with the consent, or
rather the Chief Justice invited me through one
of the party, and we went together in an open
barouche, drove down tlieavenue until we got to
Sixth street, I believe, and up Sixth street.
When we reached the house of the Chief Jus-
tice, he very politely asked me to stay and dine.
The Senate had adjourned to meet at half past
seven. I was so situated at home, having some
persons there whom I wished to see who were
going off in the cars, that I declined, and de-
clined with regret, his invitation to partake of
a family dinner. The honorable member from
Missouri, however, having no family now, was
able to stay, and I take it for granted that he
dined there. The next morning, or I think that
day, as I understand, from this Senate Cham-
ber, a journalist who indulges in a sporting
magaziue writes home, either by mail or by
telegram, that on that day there dined with the
Chief Justice the honorable member from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] the honorable mem-
ber from Maine, [Mr. Fessexden,] I think
the honorable member from Tennessee, [Mr.
Fowi.br,] the honorable member from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson,] and myBelf, and the
subject of conversation was not only the dis-
position to be made of the impeachment, but
the necessity, looking to the public good, of
organizing a new party. Now, I do not know
what organization my friend behind me [Mr
r\rRAGiSE-'. Slld the St'nator from Missouri
I Mi. Henderson] made: but. so far as relates
to the others who were alleged to be present,
there was not one word of truth in it The
man who wrote the letter fancied, I under-
stand, that immediately in the rear of the car-
nage ot the Chief Justice— L believe the cat-
lusge belongs to the honorable member fiom
':J 6 Island behind me—there was a hack,
engaged by the Chief Justice to take these
would-be conspirators who were aiming to de-
feat both parties by organizing some new
