1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
course now to be taken. If we had a choice
before we have none now. We are compelled
to accept the gage which the President has
thrown down, and remove him from his high
office by virtue of the power of impeachment,
or become the mere recorders of his edicts.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire, before I con-
clude, to call attention to two criticisms which
I think may properly be made upon these arti-
cles of impeachment. I think it a mistake to
say, as is said in two or thr.ee of them, that
the President of the United States did "ap-
point" Lorenzo Thomas. I deny that he did
"appoint" him. Appointment presupposes
the consent of the Senate, and is no crime. I
trust that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutweia,] representing the committee,
•will consent to strike out the word "appoint"
in the second, third, and ninth articles, and
insert instead the words, " did issue a letter
of authority attempting and pretending to ap-
point." In that way we shall clearly describe
what the President did, and also characterize
it as an attempt to do an unlawful tiling.
I desire to make one other suggestion to
the committee, and that is with regard to the
tenth article. As to the offense 011 which this
article is founded, it occurs to me that we could
make a much stronger statement of the'ease
if we should treat it as a military offense. I
do not know that it can be said to be an of-
fense against the law for the President of the
United States in his civil capacity to express
his opinion to anybody that a law is unconsti-
tutional. But when we consider him the Com-
mander-in- Chief and consider his calling a sub-
ordinate officer and attempting to render him
insubordinate, to stir him up to mutiny, it
is quite a different thing. Suppose a com-
mander of a brigade calls a captain to him and
advises him that a certain order issued to him
and to them both is not constitutional, thus
endeavoring to rouse mutinous spirit in the
Army and destroy its discipline, he has mani-
festly committed a high crime as a military of-
ficer ; but if this were said by a civilian it
might be no crime at all.
I therefore suggest that the last article be so
modified as to make the misdemeanor there
described a purely military one. The whole
question of impeachment is here reduced to a
narrow compass—to so narrow a compass that
without a great array of witnesses, without a
long expenditure of time, the whole question
can be tried and decided in a few days, and
the great obstacle to reconstruction put out of
the way.
Mr. Chairman, it will be surprising to me if
the Democratic party shall find it to their ad-
vantage to defend the President in these pal-
pable violations of law and the Constitution,
if they do undertake it they will become what
they have sought to make us appear, the most
flagrant violators of the Constitution. There
never has been a time when that party was
called upon by their own doctrines so fully as
now to unite with us in rebuking this violation
of the Constitution.
1 desire only to say, in conclusion, that the
conduct of the Fjesident during the last ten
days has manifested that nothing but the law-
abiding spirit of the Army and its subordination
to the Constitution and laws of the country has
prevented him from violently usurping and over-
turning the authority of Congress and adding
to his sympathy with rebels the crime of mili-
tary usurper.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, those who have known my feelings
and noticed my action on the question of im-
peachment, are aware I did not approve of the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
A siuxy. j when first presented in the Repub-
lican caucus, and afterward in the House. It
was at that time unwise, impolitic, and tended
to a division of our friends, and its certain de-
feat on the grounds then presented, to the
encouragement of our political opponents, and
from it the President, much disposed to do
wrong, would take courage to pursue his unnat-
ural warfare against Congress. When I say
this, I do not mean that the President had not
been guilty of gross wrongs, and done many
things bringing upon himself and the nation
just opprobrium and disgrace, for, while I did
not justify the attacks made upon him here by
extreme men during the long session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, which were calculated
to drive him away from us, and which I doubt
not were intended by some for that purpose,
and had their effect, and only tended to pro-
duce alienation and bitterness when union and
harmony were desirable, I always felt that he
should have remembered how kindly the Union
party had dealt with him after he had brought
upon us mortification and distrust by his pub-
lic offense at the inauguration in 1865. Our
opponents published his fall to the world and
characterized him as a drunkaid, &c., disgrac-
ing his high position, while we tried to find
•excuse for him and to forget his offense.
When we refused to acquiesce in his efforts
to restore rebels to power and to establish gov-
ernments in the South on his plan, which was
intended to bring into the high places of the
Government leading rebels just from the fields
of blood and carnage, and to place the loyal
men of the South forever under the control
and dominion of this class, and to allow these
same leaders to renew the conflict in the halls
of Congress which they had lost in the field,
he boldly separated from those who elected
him, vetoed almost every important measure
which was intended in any way to restore the
southern States, so as to prevent ft recurrence
of the troubles through which we had just
passed, and allied himself with those who had
opposed the war, denounced him and us and
all our measures to put down the rebellion.
In his veto messages at various times, andso
often repeated, he was bold in the utterance
of his sentiments and defiant when the people
indorsed our acts and condemned his. He
sought opportunities to send to the House and
Senate insulting messages. He harangued the
mob ou the 2'2d of February, 1806, naming and
abusing prominent pembers of Congress and
the Senate, and leading public journalists oi
the country, to the great disgrace of himself
and the humiliation of all the honest and intel-
ligent people of the nation. He traveled North
and West, and on all public occasions de-
nounced the representatives of the people in
intemperate and inflammatory language, suited
to the fish market. He discussed the propo-
sition of recognizing southern traitors, elected
under his plan of reconstruction, and north-
ern Democrats, as the Congress of the nation,
if they would assemble together. He restored
many leading rebels and returned to them their
property without consent of Congress. He
has called to his intimate counsels some of those
who were violently and openly opposed to the
war to save the Union, and has as studiously
avoided and disregarded the advice of those
who did most to elect him, and to aid in pre-
serving our unity as a nation. Notwithstanding
all this array of offenses, and many 1 cannot
enumerate in the tirtie allotted me, I was op-
posed to the first attempt to impeach, because
while I thought these olfenscs were great, they
might not be considered as intentional viola-
tions of law, and could not, in the common
sense of the term, be considered high crimes
and misdemeanors. Then, again, T knew the
country demanded peace and harmony in coun-
cil if possible. I feared the monetary and com-
mercial interests of the country would suffer
by the constant agitation of the question, and
1 believed a large majority of the people I have
the honor to represent were opposed to it, and
in this I was correct, as I have had ample evi-
dence since.
Now, the question presents itself in a tan-
gible and definite form, and the vei'y trouble
and difficulty the majority of the Republican
members of this House desired to avoid is forced
upon us by the act of the President himself.
Mistaking our forbearance for fear aud coward-
ice, he boldly, defiantly, openly, and for a
purpose, tramples under foot the plain constitu-
tional provision which requires his nomina-
tions for positions, requiring the concurrence of
the Senate, to be made to the Senate when in
session, and appoints and commands General
Lorenzo Thomas to take possession of the War
Department when he knew there was no vacancy,
and when the Senate was in session. The
President well knew the reasons he had pre-
sented to the Senate for the removal of Secre-
tary Stanton had been carefully examined by
the Senate and pronounced insufficient, and
that he, by the action of that body, had been
restored to the position from which he had
removed him; but, admitting that there was a
vacancy, he had no right to appoint a successor
without sending the nomination to the Senate.
Now, our opponents, and especially my worthy
colleague, Judge Woodward, who in his speech
invited the President to a violation of the laws
and resistance to the action of the Senate
should they find him guilty, dwells largely on
the fact that the " civil-tenure act" is uncon-
stitutional and void.
My friend has not yet had the decision on
the question. Lawyers who are perhaps as
able as he think differently and affirm it is con-
stitutional ; and I desire here to say I voted
against the provision in that act which refers
to Cabinet officers, believing the President
should have the choice of his Cabinet officers,
and I would do so again ; but our Democratic
friends must remember that the President has
no more right to judge of the constitutionality
of an act than the humblest citizen in the land.
11 was passed over his veto by the requisite
majority, and is to him and to every other man
affected by it the law, and must be obeyed.
The President does not construe the law. It
is his high duty, enforced by the solemnity of
his oath to execute the law; and because he
failed to do so and trampled it under foot he
is worthy of impeachment. That is not all.
He deliberately calls General Emory to his
presence, and after diligent inquiry about the
number of troops now here and near the capi-
tal, which itself was significant as to his pur-
pose, he tries to induce him to believe the act
which required him to get his orders through
the head of the General in command of
the Army was unconstitutional, and there-
fore not binding on him. The reply of Gen-
eral Emory was worthy of so brave and
patriotic a soldier. What was the purpose of
the President, in nominating General Sherman,
and again General George Ii. Thomas, to the
Senate for promotion, so as to enable them to
take command of this district? The object
was plain and worthy of note, and these men,
honored by all the people of the land, have
publicly rebuked the attempt to seduce them
in this public manner. They have proved
themselves obedient to law and worthy of the
high honors tendered to them by the millions
of patriotic men in the Republic. After the
Senate has acted and the President is deposed
confidence will be restored and we will be able
to cany out our measures of reconstruction
without the opposition of the rebels of the
South and their allies in the North, and secure
to the loyal men South their rights under the
Constitution and the acts of Congress.
It cannot be denied that the President has
used all his official power and influence to de-
feat our measures of reconstruction, has invited
and encouraged the leading rebels of the South
to oppose and aid in the defeat of our plan to
build up State governments in the South, and
has been in a measure successful; for the best,
most mild, and fair proposition we ever made
was the amendments proposed to the Consti-
tution in 3866, and on which we should have
stood until this time and compelled submission
to them. The people indorsed them fully, and,
for my own part, I much preferred them to
any measure adopted since. No plan, how-
ever, to bring in these States which Congress
can present will receive the sanction of the
President-; and had it not been for his persist-
