1867.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
ITT
were by construction included in the ganeral i
declaration, the punishment ot' which was fixed
in and by the Constitution prior to the crim- >
inal acts done, and therefore not ex post Jacto;
and that as the puuishnient provided lor in the
law was the same as that in the Constitution
the objection of retrospective legislation could
not applv. Such a position, sir, would be more
ingenious than sound. The rule as it now pre-
vails is not. limited to apply only to such cases
where there is a difference in the quantum or
the decree of punishment imposed; it equally
applies where there is a change in the manner
of the punishment. The Supreme Court of the
United States, in the case of Fletcher against
Peck, o Crunch, 138, furnishes this definition
of the doctrine:
"An ex port facto law is one which renders an act
punishable in a manner in which it waa not punish-
able when it was committed."
The unanswerable objection to the legisla-
tion proposed is, that since the alleged crim-
inal acts were done it provides, in legal effect,
for an additional penalty to that which existed
by virtue of the provisions of the Constitution
when the acts complained of were done or
refused to be done. It has been repeatedly
decided that not the slightest degree of penalty
or punishment can be added by a law ex pott
facto. When, however, the punishment pro-
vided for in the subsequent statute is in mitiga-
tion of that provided tor in a previous one the
rule does not apply. There can be, sir, no valid
reason given why this doctrine should not apply
to proceedings by impeachment as a criminal
prosecution. This is the spirit of the modern
decisions in regard to the ex post facto clause
in our Constitution. Sir, I consider this ques-
tion so important in the matter we now hav4
under consideration for the first time in the
history of the Government that I cannot refrain
from noticing two very recent decisions by the
snpreme court of New York in which that
court pushed the doctrine even a step further.
In that State, in 1860, the statute providing the
punishment for homicide in the first degree
was repealed, and by the repealing act the pen-
alty was changed from death to imprisonment
for life; and it was declared in the repealing
statute that offenses already committed should
be punished under the new law. The court
hela that the old law being unqualifiedly re-
pealed there could be no punishment under it
whatever; neither on the other hand could
the new punishment be inflicted for the reason
that this would be punishment by a law ex post
facto. (Hartung vs. People, 22 New York, 95;
Shepherd vs. People, 25 New York, 406.)
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the law on this sub-
ject established by modern courts in a strict
and eminently wise construction of the Consti-
tution in relation to criminal jurisprudence in
this country, superinduced by a vivid recollec- j
tion of the enormous wrongs of English legis-
lation in their revolutionary periods, when con-
fiscation of property, test-oaths of office, or
religious belief, and bills of attainder were
hurled at political opponents with a malignant
profusion and bitterness such as we have seen
exhibited here among ourselves by a like vin-
dictiveness of party feeling in these our own
modern days. In this connection, sir, I cannot
refrain from quoting a remarkable passage from :
the celebrated Dr. Paley. In speaking of this !
principle of law he says:
." This fundamental rnle of civil jurisprudence is
violated in the ca.se of acts of attainder or confisca-
tion, in bills of pains and penalties, and in all expott
facto laws whatever in which Parliament exercises
the double office of legislature and judge. And who-
ever either understands the value of the rule itself
or collects the history of those instances in which it
has been invaded, will be induced, I believe, to ac-
knowledge that it had been wiser and safer never to
have departed from it. He will confess, at least, that
nothing but the most manifest and immediate peril
of the Common wealth will justify a repetition of these
danererous examples. If the laws in being do not
punish an offender let him go unpunished: let the
.legislature, admonished of the defect of the laws,
provide against the commission of future crimes of
the -amO sort. The escape of one delinquent can
never produce so much harm to the community as
may arUe from the infraction of a rule upon which
the purity of public justice and the existence of civil
liberty essentially depend."
40th Cong. 2d 8ess.—No. 12.
Mr. Chairman, from the brief examination
I have made of the subject since the opening
of this debate I am satisfied beyond the shadow
of a doubt resting upon my mind that Congress
is forbidden by the Constitution to pass a law
which shall attempt to suspend the President
in his high office during the progress of a trial
by impeachment and in advance of the only
judgment which can be pronounced in such
proceeding. But, sir, argument is of no avail.
It seems to me that we are to have no end to
innovation, no modification of thp,t reckless
and radical spirit which is assailing and break-
ing down all the safeguards and barriers of the
Constitution. That Constitution has long ceased
to be even a stumbling-block in the way of those
who are determined to revolutionize the Gov-
ernment and transform it into a centralized and
powerful despotism. The American people,
like many a people before them, are now fear-
fully realizing the truth of the historical maxim
that revolutions never go backward. No, sir,
revolution takes no backward step while it can
step at ail. Like the avalanche upon the
mountain side, revolutionary action for a time
gains power in its downward course by the
accumulation of the very ruin which it creates,
until its fury is spent or its whole movement is
broken upon some more powerful counter-
obstacle. That obstacle, thank God, is begin-
ning to manifest itself, not in the march of
battalions or the gleam of bayonets, but in
that higher and grander movement, the upris-
ing of a great and free people, who are at last
determined through the peaceful but potent
power of the ballot-box to bring back the
Government to its ancient moorings, and to
hurl from power and place those who have
betrayed their confidence and disregarded their
interests. The wings, of the lightning only a
few hours ago wafted to us the glorious intelli-
gence that the people of Boston and Pittsburg,
those two strongholds of radicalism, had risen
up in their might and rebuked the wild and
revolutionary spirit which rules in this Capitol.
Sir, I would advise the Radical leaders on this
i floor to take heed to these timely admonitions,
i If they would give peace and quiet to the coun-
try, or desire to secure to themselves peace and
forgiveness hereafter, let them retrace their
steps at once, give just and equal laws to all
sections of the country, and thus put an end to
this eternal agitation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, next obtained
the floor, and said : I propose in a part of my
remarks to reply to the able argument of ray
distinguished colleague, [Mr. Van Trump;]
but before I proceed to do so the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] desires
to occupy fifteen minutes upon the law of im-
peachment. If it be the pleasure of the com-
mittee to grant him that time without encroach-
ing upon mine I shall be perfectly satisfied. I
move that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
have leave to proceed fifteen minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] will have leave to speak fifteen minutes,
without encroaching upon the hour to which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] is
entitled.
There was no objection.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, I do
not wish it to be supposed that my remarks
will be in reply to my friend on the right [Mr.
Van Trukp] as to the general views whicn he
has taken of this qnestion. I consider them
both wholesome and timely; and I have noth-
ing to say in reply to them. What I wish to
say has reference to the legal question to which
he has alluded ; and in respect to that I believe
he has presented the argument as well as it can
be presented.
It seems to me that in the circumstances in
which we stand we are in great danger of
making a bad precedent. A preposterous
proposition to impeach the President of the
United States is brought forward, and in the
zeal of gentlemen to condemn it and get rid of
it I think there is danger of our marring the
face of the law, I entirely concur with those
gentlemen who voted against that proposition ;
but I do not concur with very many membefs
of the political party with which I act in regard
to the law of impeachment.
I find this impeaching power in the Consti-
tution to be a popular power—a power designed
for the protection of the rights of tho people
against their rulers, and one that should be
liberally construed and in proper cases freely
used. The Constitution was made by the
people and for the people, and not for the
rulers. Now, sir, it is provided in the Consti-
tution that all civil officers may be'impeached
for "treason, bribery, or other high crimes
and misdemeanors." As I understand the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Van Trump,] he would cut out from that pro-
vision the words "and other high crimes and
misdemeanors," and maintain that the Presi-
dent or any other civil officer of the Govern-
ment is impeachable only for the crimes of
treason ana bribery. I think we lmve not
the right thus to emasculate the fundamental
law. We are to take it as it is written, and
we are to hold the President of the United
States and all other civil officers impeachable
for "treason, bribery, or other high crimes
and misdemeanors "—taking the meaning of
those words not merely in their common-law
Sense, nor yet in the sense of the parliament-
ary law, but in the sense of the Constitution
of the United States. The whole question is,
what do those words mean in our Constitution?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. With the gentleman's
permission I would remark that what I meant to
say was that, in the absence of any legislative
enactment specifying what particular acts come
nnderthe general terms "high crimes and mis-
demeanors," an officer cannot be impeached
for such acts.
Mr. WOODWARD. I entirely concur with
the gentleman that the courts of the United
States have no common-law criminal jurisdic-
tion ; that the only erimes punishable by Fed-
eral law are those which the Federal law has
defined to be crimes; but I do not agree that
the words " crimes and misdemeanors" as used
in this constitutional provision are to be limited
to such statutory offenses.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentleman will
permit me to inquire how he would go afeout
framing an indictment upon the general terms
"high crimes and misdemeanors."
Mr. WOODWARD. I would observe, sir,
that this provision is not a provision for indict-
ments, but a provision for impeachment. That
is the answer to the gentleman. There is no
indictment to be framed for " high crimes and
misdemeanors." The question is, for what
offenses may a civil officer be impeached?
Now, let us try to get'at the meaning of this
word "misdemeanor," because after all the
discussion must come down to that. I submit
that the constitution of Pennsylvania, formed
in 1790, soon after the adoption of the Consti-
tution of the United States, defined that word
"misdemeanor" as employed in the provision
for impeachment. The constitution of Penn-
sylvania defines it to mean a "misdemeanor
in office." It says:
"The Governor and all civil officers under this
Commonwealth shall be liable to impeachment for
any misdemeanor in office."
I submit, sir, that that is an interpretation
of the word "misdemeanor" as used in the
Federal Constitution, and that we should
understand by that word a misdemeanor in
office, a violation of any of the tacit or.express
conditions upon which the office is held, whether
or not that violation be indictable under the
criminal law of England or the criminal law
of the United States. It may be such an offense
or it maybe something which is not indictable
under either of those codes.
I am very happy to find, Mr. Chairman, that
this opinion has the most respectable authority.
I have before me Curtis's History of the Con-
stitution, from which I will read a short extract
in regard to this impeaching power :
"Among the separate functions assigned by the
Constitution to the two Houses of Congress are thora
