1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE GONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Bout-well.
Ho. of Reps.
inspiring principle was devotion to slavery,
hatred to republican institutions and the cause
of the Union and of liberty. It was to them
that Mr. Johnson, in February, 1865, turned
his eyes for the salvation of the country. He
was then Vice President only, but his career
as President illustrates his devotion to the pur-
pose he then entertained.
I come now to a brief statement of those
acts of the President which disclose his mo-
tives and establish his guilt. First he and his
friends sedulously promulgated the idea that,
what he did in the year 1865 was temporary.
Then came his message of December, 1865,
which disclosed more fully his ulterior purpose.
Then came the speech of February 22,1806,
in which he arraigned the Congress of the
United States collectively and individually,
and, as I believe, made use of expressions
which uttered by a sovereign of Great Britain
in reference to Parliament and to individual
members of Parliament would have led to most
serious consequences, if not to the overthrow of
the Government.
Then came his vetoes of the various recon-
struction measures. I know very well that it
will be said that the President has the veto
power in his hands. To be sure he has; but
it is a power to be exercised, like the discretion
of a court, in good faith, for proper purposes,
in honest judgment and good conscience, and
not persistently in the execution of a scheme
which is in contravention of the just authority
of the legislative branch of the Government.
It was exercised, however, by the President,
for the purpose of preventing reconstruction by
congressional agency and by authority of law.
Then eame his interference by his message
ofthe22d of June, 1866, and by other acts, all
disclosing and furthering a purpose to prevent
the ratification of the pending constitutional
amendment, a matter with which, as the Exec-
utive of the country, he had no concern what-
ever. The Constitution provides that the
House and the Senate, by specified means,
may propose amendments to the Constitu-
tion; and if any subject is wholly separated
from executive authority or control it is this
power to amend the Constitution of the United
States. The Constitution reserves this power
to Congress and to the people, excluding the
President. In the same year he suspended
the test-oath, against the advice of the Attorney
General, and appointed men to, office who, as
he well knew, could not take that oath. The
oath was prescribed for the purpose of protect-
ing the country against the presence of disloyal
persons in office—a measure necessary to the
public safety. Can any act be more repre-
hensible? Can any act be more criminal?
Can any act be more clearly withinBlackstone's
definition of "crimes and misdemeanors."
Then follows his surrender of abandoned
lands. In 1865 we passed the first Freed-
men's Bureau bill, in which we set apart the
abandoned lands for the negroes and refugees
of the South. In violation of law and without
authority of law he has restored tliern to their
former rebel owners. This class of property
was of the value of many millions of money.
We had captured in the South vast amounts
of railway property. All these millions of
property he has turned over to their former
rebel proprietors. In many instances, as in
the case of one railway, the Government itself,
under his special direction and control, in
the State of Tennessee constructed -fifty-four
-miles of railway at an expense of more than
two million dollars. This railway, with others,
was turned over without consideration, without
power to make reclamation or to obtain com-
pensation, and all without authority of law.
We possessed a vast amount of rolling stock
used on southern roads during the war, some
of it captured from the enemy. The rolling
■stock captured he restored without money and
withoutprice. Otherportions of it, constructed
by the Government of the United States, or
purchased of manufacturers or of railroad com-
panies, he sold without authority of law to cor-
porations that, according to the principles of
law, were insolvent. When the time arrived
for payment to the Government many qf them
neglected to comply with the conditions of sale.
One of thpse corporations, the Nashville and
Chattanooga railroad, Tennessee, made an
exhibit by which it appeared they had money
on hand to pay the Government what they owed
it. The officers of the Government demanded
payment, and threatened to take possession of
the road in ease of further neglect. President
Johnson, by his simple order, and that, as fStras
is known, without consultation with any member
of the Cabinet, authorized, or rather directed, a
delay or postponement in the collection of this
debt. Agreeably to a previous order which he
had issued, the interest on the bonds guaran-
tied by the State of Tennessee to this road,
which had been due three or four years, were
then paid out of money which upon every
principle of reason, equity, and law belonged
to the Government. The money had been
earned by the use of the rolling stock which
the Government had furnished.
"Mr. Johnson's order was in utter disregard
of the great principle that of all creditors the
Government is to be first paid. Under no cir-
cumstances does the law concede to the citizen
the right of payment xrntil the claim of the
sovereign is satisfied.
One important fact in connection with this
transaction is that the President himself was
the holder of these Tennessee State bonds,
issued for the benefit of this road, to the
amount of either nineteen thousand or thirty
thousand dollars; and that of that money,
which upon the contract and by every prin-
ciple of law was due to the United Stales,
he received past interest for about four years.
A small matter, you may say ; a small matter
the country may say ; but in a public trust he
had no right, in the first place, to make sale
of this property ; secondly, he had no right to
postpone payment, and above all he had no
right to delay payment for the purpose of re-
ceiving to himself that which belonged to the
Government. Nor is it any excuse for him
that there were other holders, whether loyal
or rebel, who shared the benefits of this trans-
action.
Then there is connected with these proceed-
ings other public acts, such as the appointment
of provisional governors for North Carolina
and the other nine States without any author-
ity of law. Not only that, but he authorized
the payment of salaries without authority of
law. Not only that, he ordered payment from
the War Department of those salaries, not-
withstanding there had been no appropriation
by law, and notwithstanding the Constitution
of the United States says that no money shall
be drawn from the 'Treasury but in consequence
of an appropriation by law.
When you bring all these acts together; when
you consider what he has said; when you con-
sider what he has done ; when you consider that
he has appropriated the public property for
the benefit of rebels; when you consider that in
every public act, as far as we can learn, from
May, 1865, to the present time, all has tended
to this great result, the restoration of the rebels
to power under and in the Government of the
country; when you consider all these things,
can there be any doubt as to his purpose, or
doubt as to the criminality of his purpose and
his responsibility under the Constitution?
It may not be possible, by specific charge, to
arraign him for this great crime, but is he there-
fore to escape? These offenses which I have
enumerated, which are impeachable—and I
have enumerated but a part of them—are the
acts, the individual acts, the subordinate crimes,
the tributary offenses to the accomplishment
of the great object which he had in view. But
-if, upon the body of the testimony, you are satis-
fied of his purpose, and if you are satisfied that
these tributary offenses were committed a,g
the means of enabling him to accomplish this
great crime, will you hesitate to try him and
convict him upon those charges of which he is
manifestly guilty, even if they appear to be of
inferior importance, knowing that they were in
themselves misdemeanors, that they were trib-
utary offenses, and that in this way, and in this
way only, can you protect the State against the
final consummation of his crime?. We hays
not yet seen the end of this contest.
I am not disposed to enter into the region
of prophecy, hut we can understand the logic
of propositions. _ The propositions which the
President has laid down in his last message
and elsewhere will lead to certain difficulty if
they are acted upon. Whether they will be
acted upon 1 cannot say. The first proposi-
tion is, that under some circumstances an act
of Congress may be in his judgment so unconsti-
tutional that he will violate the law and utterally
disregard legislative authority. This is an as-
sumption of power which strikes at the found-
ation of the Government. The Constitution
authorizes Congress to pass bills. When they
have been passed they are presented to the
President for his approval or objection. If he
objects to a bill, for constitutional or other
reason, he returns it to the House in which it
originated; and then and there his power over
the subject is exhausted. If the House and
Senate by a two-thirds vote pass a bill it
becomes a law, and until it is repealed by
the same authority or annulled by the Supreme
Court the President has but one duty, and
that is to obey it; and no consideration
or opinion of his as to its constitutionality
will defend or protect him in any degree.
The opposite doctrine is fraught with evils of
the most alarming character to the country,
if the President may refuse to execute or may
violate a law because he thinks it unconstitu-
tional in a certain particular, another Presi-
dent may disregard it for another reason ; and
thus the Government becomes not a Govern-
ment of laws, but a Government of men.
Every civil officer has the same right in this
respect as the President. If the latter has the
right to disregard a law because he thinks it
unconstitutional the Secretary of the Treasury
and every subordinate has the same right. Is
that doctrine to prevail in this country?
But coupled with that declaration is another
declaration, that the negroes of the South have
no right whatever to vote. Our whole plan of
reconstruction is based upon the doctrine that
the loyal people of the South, black and white,
are to vote. Now, while there is no evidence
conclusively establishing the fact, it is still
undoubtedly true that thousands and tens of
thousands of white men in the States recently
in rebellion have abstained from participation
in the work of calling the conventions because
they have been stimulated by the conduct of
the President to believe that they will ulti-
mately be able to secure governments from
which the negro population will be excluded.
What is our condition to-day? Governments
are being set up in the ten States largely by the
black people, and without the concurrence of
the whites, that concurrence being refused, to
a large extent, through the influence of the
President. Are we to leave this officer, if we
judge him to be guilty of high crimes and mis-
demeanors, in control of the Army and the
Navy, with his declaration upon the record
that under certain circumstances he will not
execute the laws? He has the control of the
Army. Do you not suppose that next Novem-
ber a single soldier at each polling .place in the
southern country, aided by the whites, could
prevent the en tire negro population from voting.
And if it is for the interest of the,President to
do so have wo any reason to anticipate a differ-
ent course of conduct? At any rate, such is
the logic of the propositions which he has pre-
sented to us. If that, logic be Mowed, the
I next presidential be heralded by
