1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
ent opposition to our measures and the en-
couragement given to those lately in rebellion,
by his acts and by the position of the Demo-
cratic party, we would long since have had
those States represented on this floor, and har-
mony and peace in the country. Now, Mr.
Chairman, my time is out, and I only desire
further to say that when the President is re-
moved in a constitutional way (and I hope it
will be done in no other way) there will be re-
joicing among all the loyal people of the land,
not because of the triumph of Congress over
the President, but because the Constitution
and law are vindicated, and the world will see
that even the highest officer under our form of
Government are amenable to the law and can
be punished for its infraction. Let the majesty
of the law be vindicated and loyal and trne
men become our rulers.
Mr. N1BLACK. Mr. Chairman, it has been
decided by this House of Representatives that
the President of the United States shall be im-
peached of high crimes and misdemeanors in
office, and that action of the House has been
communicated in due form to the Seuate. It
now only remains for this House to present
formal articles of impeachment that the trial
of the President shall begin on the charges
alleged against him. I do not approach the
discussion of this question to-day in any mere
partisan sense. Partisan appeals, from what-
ever side they may come, on an occasion like
this are sadly out of place. We have an inter-
est in this question which rises beyond all mere
partisan considerations. The effect of what
we are doing upon any political party is a minor
consideration, a wholly secondary matter.
The effect it is to have on the country and on
republican institutions everywhere is what we
ought to consider.
Gentlemen express great concern as to what
this side should do, and volunteer kindly to
advise us what our duty is. Sir, I have always
observed that when a politician attempts to
maintain both sides of a political question
sooner or later he loses his footing and falls
amid the confusion which he helps to create.
If gentlemen will but look to their own side of
this question and see that the records they
make shall carry them down to history with
favor, and not be of such a character as to make
them or their children hereafter blush, they
will have done quite enough in this great emer-
gency.
ilegicides, assassins of rulers, and impeach-
ers are no favorites of history, so far as I have
been able to read it. The very presentation
of articles alone is a serious matter, and one
which ought to make any man deliberate before
lie commits himself I o such ail extreme measure.
It now seems, judging from the manner in
which gentlemen argue this question, that this
difficulty, Which originated in mere party divis-
ion and parly wrangling, leading from crimina-
tion to recrimination, has at last led to open
rupture between members of a great party, and
that rupture has culminated in the presentation
of these articles of impeachment. So that
what was a mere casual party contest has now
become a great party exigency. To retreat
now is to become ridiculous, to go forward is
but to consummate a revolution already inaug-
urated for the purpose of getting rid of what
seems to be an obnoxious President.
Congress, by a persistent course oflegislation
for two years or more, has sought deliberately
to Africanize this country ; and now it is sought
to Mexicanize it by deposing our Chief Exec-
utive, by unsettling the institutions of the coun-
try, and disregarding all the precedents by which
the country has been governed during all pre-
vious Administrations.
This, then, viewed in any light, is no trivial
matter. It is not an ordinary party exigency.
It is not a matter to speak lightly about, aud I
regret that I have had the mortification to wit-
ness the levity with which this question has
been discussed since it has been precipitated
upon us by the sad events of the last ten or
twelve days.
The first nine articles reported by this com-
mittee have brought to the attention of the
House nothing new on this subject of impeach-
ment. They are all founded upon and are dif-
ferent versions of the same transaction which
gave rise to the resolution of impeachment
which the House passed a week ago. The
legal aspects of this question were discussed
very ably before the resolution passed. It in-
volved simply a legal and constitutional ques-
tion, aquestion which, I maintain, isone which
ought to be submitted for judicial determina-
tion to the courts of the country. The Thirty-
Ninth Congress found the President in the
exercise of a power which had been exercised
by every preceding President and had been
recognized by every Congress as a constitutional
right for a period of seventy-live years. To be
sure, that constitutional right bad been recog-
nized by certain legislation by Congress, which
was very happily referred to and discussed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] the other day. But Congress, recogniz-
ing this right, had always treated it as a con-
stitutional right conferred on the President by
the Constitution to appoint and remove whom-
soever he pleased of the members of his Cab-
inet or subordinate executive and ministerial
officers. In consequence of these differences,
however, between the Presidentand Congress,
to which reference has been made, Congress,
by the passage of the tenure-of-offieeact, sought
to abridge this right, of the President. Very
many of the best legal minds of the country
regarded that legislation at the time as uncon-
stitutional and void, and from that day to this
it has been a question of serious discussion
among the lawyers and politicians of the coun-
try whether this act of Congress is constitu-
tional or not. I understand the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, the law officer of the
President, to have given it as his opinion that
it is unconstitutional. I understand that Sec-
retary Stanton himself, as a member of Mr.
Johnson's Cabinet at the time the law passed,
advised the President that it was unconstitu-
tional and it was his duty to veto it.
Now, here is an opportunity for an honest
difference of opinion upon a great legal and
constitutional proposition, which is peculiarly
a question for the courts to decide.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman yield for a question?
Mr. NIBLACK. For a moment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
him to say whether the constitutionality of
this law was questioned on the side of the
House to which the gentleman belongs. I be-
lieve I had the honor to make the only consti-
tutional argument made on this side of the
House, and, according to my best recollection,
my position was not controverted at all on the
other side. I wish to know, moreover, on
what authority ho undertakes to say that the
Secretary of War ever declared or expressed
the opinion that that law is unconstitutional ?
Mr. NIBLACK. By the testimony, I be-
lieve, taken before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary in regard to impeachment, of which
the gentleman himself was a member.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I think
there was 110 such testimony.
Mr. NIBLACK. At all events, itwasbrougbt
out by the testimony taken by some one of the
investigating committees of this House.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It is
only the assertion of the President.
Mr. NIBLACK. At all events, this state-
ment was made by thePresidentin his message
to the Senate in regard to the suspension of
Mr. Stanton.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I think
Mr. Stanton is entirely too good a lawyer to
have expressed any such opinion;
Mr. NIBLACK. It has never been con-
troverted by any one in the interest of Mr.
Stanton that I am aware of, and I feel author-
ized, therefore, to assume it as true.
But, sir, the President has solemnly declared !
in a message to the Senate that his only object '
in the action he has taken was to put the ques- j
lion in a shape in which it might be submitted
to the courts of the country for decision, and
he is willing to abide by that decision, whatever
it may be. There is nothing, therefore, in
this question which is properly a matter of im-
peachment. It is a mere difference of opinion
which can be easily settled without a resort to
extreme measures, and ought, in honor and
conscience, to be so settled and decided.
The tenth article of impeachment brings up
a new question, one not heretofore discussed.
Let us see what that article is and what is the
testimony by which it is sustained. It reads
as follows:
Article X.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of theUnited
States, on tho 22d day of February, in the yearofour
Lord 18G8, at Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, in disregard of the Constitution and the laws of
Congress duly enacted, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army of tiie United States, did bring before him-
self then and there William H. Emory, a major gen-
eral by brevet in tho Army of the United States,
actually in command of the department of Wash-
ington and the military forces thereof, and did then
and there, as such Commander-in-Chief, declare to
and instruct said Emory that part of a law of the
United States, passed March 2, 1867, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1868, and for other
purposes," especially the second section thereof,
whioh provides, among other things, that " all orders
and instructions relating to military operations is-
sued by the President or Secretary of War shall be
issued through theGeneralof the Army, and, in ease
of his inability, through the next in rank," was un-
constitutional, and in contravention of the commis-
sion of said Emory, and therefore not bindingon him
as an officer in the Army of theUnited States, which
said provision of law had been theretofore duly and
legally promulgated bygeneral order forthe govern-
ment and direction of the Army of theUnited States,
as tho said Andrew Johnson then and there well
knew%with intent thereby to induce said Emory, in
his official capacity as commander of the department
of Washington, to violate the provisions of said act,
and to take and receive, act upon, and obey such
orders as he, the said Andrew Johnson, might make
and give, and which should not be issued through
the General of the Army of the United States, ac-
cording to the provisions of said act, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of theUnited States,did
then and there commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office.
Now, sir, the following is the testimony on
which the foregoing article is predicated, and
I desire to have it read also, that the two may
be placed in close proximity and be read to-
gether:
Testimony of General William H. Emory.
Washington, D. C„ February 26,1868.
"William II. Emory, sworn and examined:
"By the Chairman":
"Question. What is your rank and command in the
Army ?
"Answer. I am colonel of the fifth United States
cavalry, and brevet major general of the United
States Army: my command is the department of
Washington.
"Question. How long have you been in the com-
mand of this department?
"Answer. I think since the 1st of September, 1867.
"Question. During the month of February, 1868.
have you had any conversation with the President
oi tho United States in relation to military affairs or
movements?
"Answer. Only one.
"Question. When was that?
"Aw,ux.r. That was on Saturday, 22d February.
"Question. Was the interview at your request or
his?
"Answer. It was at his request.
"Question. In what way was his request communi-
cated to you?
"Answer. I have the notein my pocket; it is a let-
ter 1rojii Colouel William G. Moore, of the Army,
marked ' personal.'
" Question. Read the letter.
"Witness read as follows:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C„ February 22,1868.
General: The President directs me to say that
he would be pleased to have you call on him as early
as practicable.
Voiy respectfully and truly yours,
WILLIAM G. MOORE,
United States Army.
"Question. Did you call in consequence of that
request?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. State fully and literally, as far &s you
are able, what occurred at the interview.
Answer. There is nothing more difficult than to
repeat a conversation.
"^Qmstion. State the substance of it.
"Answer. The President asked me if I'recoHected
a conversation I had with him when I first took com-
mand of this department in reference to the strength
ot the garrison of Washington and the general dis-
position of the troops in this department, to whioh
1 replied that I did recollect it distinctly. He asked
me ll there had been any changes. I replied Ih.if
theie had been no materi-il i-hangcs, but, t,u<-n as
