62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6:,
Ho. op Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Wilson.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
civil war, or the next inauguration of a Presi-
dent of the U nited States will be the occasion
for.the renewal of fratricidal strife.
Mr. Speaker, we are at present involved in
financial difficulties. I see no way of escape
while Mr. Johnson is President of the United
States. I assent to ranch of what he has-said
in his message concerning the effects of the
tenure-of-ofticeact. Prom my experience in the
internal revenue office I reach the conclusion
that it is substantially impossible to collect the
taxes while the tenure-of-office act is in force ;
and I have no doubt that whenever a new Ad-
ministration is organized, of whatever party it
may be, some of the essential provisions of
that act will be changed. The-reason, Mr.
Speaker, of the present difficulty is due to the
fact'that the persons engaged in plundering the
revenaes of the country are more or less asso-
ciated criminally with public officers. The
character of those public officers can be sub-
stantially known in the internal revenue office
and in the Treasury Department; but if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the President before
they can remove officers against whom probable
cause exists are obliged to wait until they
have evidence which will satisfy the Senate of
their guilt the very process of waiting for that
evidence to be procured exhausts the public
revenues. There is but one way of overcom-
ing this difficulty. When the President, the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue are in harmony,
and the Commissioner is satisfied from the cir-
cumstances existing that an officer is in collu-
sion with thieves, he can ask the President for
the removal of that man ; and then there should
exist the power of removal by a stroke of the
pen. Neither the official nor his friends should
•know the reason therefor. Nothing so inspires
officials with zeal in the discharge of their
duties as to feel that if they are derelict their
commissions may at any moment be taken from
them.
But what is our position to-day? Can this
House and the Senate, with the knowledge
that they have of the President's purposes and
of the character of the men who surround him,
give him the necessary power? Do they not
feel that if he be allowed such power these
places will be given to worse men? Hence I
say that with Mr. Johnson in office from this
time until the 4th of March, 1869, there ia no
remedy for these grievances. These are con-
siderations only why we should not hesitate
to do that which justice authorizes us to do if
we believe that the President has been guilty
of impeachable offenses.
Mr. Speaker, all rests here. To this House
is given under the Constitution the sole power
of impeachment; and this power of impeach-
ment furnishes the only means by which we
can secure the execution of the laws. 'And
those of our fellow-citizens who desire the
administration of the law ought to sustain this
House while it executes that great law which is
in its hands and which is nowhere else, while it
performs a high and solemn duty resting upon it
by which that man who has been the chief vio-
latorof law shall beremoved, and without which
there can be no execution of the law anywhere.
Therefore the whole responsibility, whatever it
may be, for the non-execution of the laws of
Jjhe country is, in the presence of these great
facts, upon this House. If this House believes
that the President has executed the laws of the
country, that he has obeyed the provision of
the Constitution to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, then it is our duty to sus-
tain him, to lift up his hands, to strengthen his
arms; but if we believe, as upon this record
I think we cannot do otherwise than believe,
that he has disregarded that great injunction
of the Constitution to take care that the laws
be faithfully executed, there is but one remedy.
The remedy is with this'House, and itis nowhere
else. If we neglect or refuse to use our powers
when the case arises demanding decisive action
the Government ceases to be a Government of
laws>and becomes a Government of men.
But, sir, in conclusion, I am prepared to
accept the judgment of this House as. a patri-
otic judgment. I shall then wait for the teach-
ing of events. I do not despair of a great
people. They can endure trials.. They can
overcome obstacles. If we err, they, even
through the suffering so caused, will assert
finally the authority pf justice and the majesty
of law. -Let nothing" be done under the influ-
ence of passion, prejudice, or political excite-
ment. But the vindication of the laws is a
duty, and it often falls to the lot of a political
party to perform it. My own convictions are
clear. 1 see my country just emerging from
civil war, distracted, .torn, and bleeding;
her people heavily taxed and the public rev-
enues plundered ; her currency depreciated;
her credit impaired, so that in the markets of
Europe she is associated with Austria, Turkey,
andSpain. Millions of her people, butrecently
in rebellion, still bold, defiant, aggressive ; and
millions more loyal, dutiful, and hopeful, too,
even when peril menaces, after two years of
struggle, still without security, and all this,
as I believe, in consequence o"f the doings and
designs of the President of the United States.
Can I hesitate ; can I yield my judgment to
circumstances which in the nature of the case
must be temporary? I will not ask this House
to do its duty; that would not be decorous in
me. It will do its duty, and its duty will have
been equally performed whether the results
harmonize with my judgment or not.
But, sir, I may look beyond the present
moment and assume that to be done which
upon mv judgment and conscience I think
ought to be done.
Consider how all the affairs of the country
would be changed and improved. Civil gov-
ernment would be restored speedily to ten
States; the civil rights of all the people would
bo recognized and made secure; the loyal
men would exorcise the great privilege of self-
government, safe in their own power and in the
benign protection of the national Government;
those recently in rebellion would soon be re-
stored t,o all their political privileges; industry
would be honored and well recompensed; pro-
duction, consumption, and trade immensely
developed; the revenues of the country col-
lected; public plunder no longer fosteied as
an art; taxes diminished ; the public crcdit so
improved that the questions depending upon
the value of our currency would be settled
without disturbance or violent legislation ; the
Army reduced; and the power of the nation
so augmented and everywhere respected as
that a single ship-of-war would protect the
commerce of the Mediterranean or of the Gulf
of Mexico.
These things are not and cannot now bo,
because the President is not " clear in his high
office," disregarding, as he does, the injunction
of the Constitution upon him to '' take care that
the laws be faithfully executed."'
So mighty is the machinery of the Govern-
ment that the weight of the President's hand
upon the central lever affects the fortune of
every citizen. With $150,0U0,0U0inthe Treas-
ury, and unlimited power to accumulate and to
disburse, a nod of his head makes his friends
prosper while his enemies perish. In thepres-
ence of this power, and surrounded as we are
with evidence of the evil results of a policy
which we have so long tolerated but never
approved, are we to hesitate, to delay, to aban-
don the field in the hope that by other means
and by other agencies the final redemption of
the nation is to be secured ?
Believing that Andrew Johnson is guilty of
high crimes and misdemeanors I have assented
to, and by the direction of a majority of the
Committee on the Judiciary reported, a res-
olution for his impeachment. This resolution,
upon my conscience and best judgment, I now
support.
In contemplation of the law, and upon the
facts, I believe him to be so guilty. And
thereon I ask the judgment of the House.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES F. WILSON,
OF IOWA,
In the House of Representatives,
* December C, 1867.
The House having under consideration the follow-
ing resolution, reported from the Committee on the
Judieiary: -
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and
misdemeanors-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, said :
Mr. Speaker: The argument of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boittwem,] pre-
sents a much stronger case than will be found
in the record which he reported to this body.
I presume it is fair for me to conclude that the
judgment of the House will be based upon the
record. That this shall be the case is all that
I desire to ask of the House. I will as briefly
as possible notice some of the points which
have been made by the gentleman, and submit
the case to the judgment of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I am astonished at the line of
argument pursued by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] I have great
rcspect for his ability, and therefore must say
that I am disappointed by the argument he has
just closed. He has consumed about one
half of his time in making a determined and
persistent attack upon one feature of the report
of the minority, which, so far as this proceed-
ing is concerned, might be stricken from the
record without affecting the case in the remot-
est degree. No member of the minority of the
committee regards the doctrine thatonly crimes
and misdemeanors indictable under the statutes
of the United States will'justify an impeach-
ment of a civil officer of the United States of
the slightest importance so far as a correct
determination of this case is concerned. We
believe the doctrine to be correct, but regarded
it of hO little consequence in its effect on this case
that it is introduced into our report us a sugges-
tion rather than as an affirmative declaration of
the law. It may be important in future cases,
and is therefore placed on the records of the
House, not in expectation that any determina-
tion of the present proceeding will either ap-
prove or disapprove of it. It is immaterial
what opinions members may have of it. I will
let it rest upon the argument contained in the
minority report, and wait for some person to
answer itwhen a case arises in which it may
be material. The speech to which we have
listened most determinedly asserted that this
question has been settled against the view
taken of it by the minority—settled by the law
and practice in this country. The gentleman
seems to have forgotten that in the report pre-
sented by him to the House in this case he
said:
''TLo cases lierc, though all of offenses that were
not statutory crimes or misdemeanors, have been so
tew as to leave tins question open, to be decided
hereafter upon those great reasons of State that lie
at the foundation of the law of Parliament, which is
tile rule that must govern ultimately here."—Pageh 1.
This admission is of some value as it leaves
to. the gentleman the task of harmonizing his
speech with the report which he presented to
*ns House. The report says it is an open ques-
tion, the speech says it is settled. This conflict
of statement is not mine. I leave its settlement
to its author.
The gentleman also told us that English pre-
C]8* ?r's ou?kfc not lo influence the action of
this House in the exercise of its power of im-
peachment Why, then, did he resort to those
precedents in support of his report, and for the
