2586
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
witness refused to appear : and a ease where
the witness refuses to testify is governed by the
same rule. The usage is for the House to
adopt a resolution covering the two points
specified in the resolution just read from the
Journal, if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr, Butler] offers a resolution of that
character the Chair will submit it to the House.
Mr. BU TLEIi. I will offer a resolution fol-
lowing the precedent which has been read.
Mr. Woolley. May I not be heard in my
defense?
The SPEAKER. If the House should adopt
the resolution the Chair will propound the
questions to the person at the bar. He cannot
be heard till the House adopts some resolution
upon the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. On behalf of the managers
I offer the following resolution, on which 1
demand the previous question:
lteeohed. That Charles W. Woolley, esq., of the
city oi Cincinnati, O.no, now ill custody ol tho'Ser-
goaut-at-Ai'ius on au atmcluueut tor a contempt
in relusiug or negleciing obedience to the buunuons
l'uquiimg him to .<ppcar and testify before the com-
mittee of managers of the it',use, bo now arraigned
at the bar of tins iiou-e, ami that the Speaker pro-
pound to hnn the following interrogatories:
1. What excuse have you tor refusing to answer
before tho managers of impeachment of this House,
in pursuance of the summons served on you fortnat
purpose?
2. Are you now ready to appear before said man-
ageis and answer such proper questions as shall be
put to you by said managers of impeachment'!
The previous question was seconded and the
inaui question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Charles W. Woolley,
in accordance with the order of the House, 1
propound to you the following questions:
What excuse have you for refusing to answer
before the managers of impeachment of this
House, in pursuance of the summons served
on you for that purpose?
Are you now ready to appear before said
managers and ajisw.er such proper questions
as shall be put to you by said managers ot im-
peachment?
Mr. Woolley. I am charged, Mr. Speaker,
with being in contempt, i believe that is the
charge against me. i wish to submit this paper
to the House.
The SPEAKER. The answer is in writing,
and will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the honornble ilie Ilousc of Jiepresentaliven of the
United iSiules :
Charles W. Woolley respectfully represents:
Inat lie was on the evening of yesterday, the 25th
instant, between the hoursot seven and nine o'clock,
taken in custody by the iSergeant-at-Aiius ol'the
House; that be has not been mfoimed ot' the cau^e
ot his arrest otherwise than by hearing read to hi 111
the lesolution of the llouse, by dneetion whereoi the
warrant tor his arrest was issued, and that* he has
been unable to obtain a oopy ol the icport ot the
managers, to which said resolution reter?, as con-
taining the specific ''inquiries put to hun in the
course of the investigation," the alleged refusal to
answer which is made the basis of the charge ot con-
tempt on which he is now arraigned attfhe bar of the
House; that by the terms ot said resolution said re-
poit is referred to as containing the speuilicutions of
the charge made against him, and without an oppor-
tunity to examine the same he is unable to answer
in the premises.
Protesting, therefore, that he has in nothing been
guilty of any contempt to this honorable body, but
demeaned himselt in regard thereto with proper
courtesy and respect, that he has not evaded nor at-
tempted to evade its process, and that he has fully
answered all inquiries made of him by the commit-
tee ot managers in regard to these matters with the
investigation ot which said committee was charged
by the House, he humbly submits that he be allowed
such leasonable time as theHouse may deem proper
and juj?t to examine said leport and consult with
counsel, in order that he niaysubnina full, explicit,
aud suitable answer in the premises.
_ C. W. WOOLLEY.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo, this 25th day
of May, 18C8.
THOMAS J. WILLIAMS,
Justice of the Peace.
The SPEAKER.. The answer of the wit-
ness is now before the House.
Mr. BUTLEli. I respectfully submit thai
this is no answer to either of the interrogato-
ries. It is an evasive argument—au argument
evading the question, and, 1 believe, trifling
with the House and with the committee.
Mr. ELDR1DG-E. I move that a copy of
the report of the managers be furnished to the
witness, Woolley, and that he have till to-
morrow at twelve o'clock to answer. I make
the motion to take till to-morrow because I
suppose the House will be engaged after twelve
o'clock to-day at the bar of the Senate. It is
possible that an earner period might answer.
1 think, however, that is no more than a rea-
sonable time, and certainly it seems to me
that the witness has stated a sufficient reason
tar not answering more fully than he has. It
is apparent to those who heard that long re-
port read that the particular question which he
declined, or which the committee supposed he
declined, to answer, will be found very difficult
to be ascertained. I listened to the report, and
1 must say now that, notwithstanding 1 paid eare-
fui attention to it, I eould not myself put my
finger upon the particular thing which the gen-
tleman is alleged to have refused to answer.
1 thought the report insufficient and that the
resolution was wrong in itself at the time it
was offered in requiring the witness to he ar-
rested and brought before the House to answer,
without having any opportunity of knowing
what the particular default was that was charged
against him.
Now, it is perfectly apparent that if he has
labored under the belief that he has answered
fully and fairly and has kept back nothing
except such matters as he thinks lie may have
a right to withhold, he cannot answer without
a knowledge of the facts stated in that report.
It seems to me that it ought to have stated dis-
tinctly the particular question which he refused
to answer, and that the report ought to have
been given to him so that he might know
wherein he was in contempt of this House. I
should have suggested this yesterday, but the
gentleman from Massachusetts persisted in de-
manding the previous question and allowi ng only
such paiticular things to be said as he deemed
proper. In all cases wherever I hav.e known
a witness to be arrested for contempt of court
or of any parliamentary body, he has been
allowed to know the precise thing which ho
refused to answer; and it seems to me now
that the witness ought,, at least, to have this
report in order that, he may gather, if possible,
from the great mass of statements there made
wherein he is in default. It is no more than
reasonable that he should have that report,
and have twenty-four hours within which to
answer.
There is another fact suggested to me by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Sir. Kerr,] that un-
der our law a witness is not bound to criminate
himself under any circumstances, and that if
he be in the position which thegentlemen upon
the committee charge this witness with being,
of having been guilty of bribery or of an at-
tempt at bribery, hehas a right to have counsel
upon that question in order that he may know
just how far he is obliged to answer. The pre-
sumption of innocence applies, I apprehend, to
a witness quite as much as it does to a criminal
chargedatthebar of acourt. Sir, I knownoth-
ing of thiscase. I never spoke to this gentleman
in ray life. I have no acquaintance with him
whatever. But I hope the House wiilgive him
the opportunity which any criminal at the bar
of a court would have of preparing his answer,
that he may answer advisedly and truly ; that
he may know the precise charge made against
him, and answer, as he submits that he is ready
and willing to do, when he shall be advised of
what he is required to answer.
Mr. BUTLER obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to propound a
question, or^rather make a suggestion, to the
lionorablMffianager. Now, I grant that it is
entirel^eyond the power of a committee of
this lieuse to demand of any witness that he
shaiyanswer any and all questions that they
may put to him. I do not think the managers
,ve claimed or intend to claim that power,
for I hope there is no American citizen who
i would not instantly and at all hazards resist
j so sweeping a demand by a committee of this
i House; but any and all questions pertaining
directly or indirectly to any matter which the
committee has been authorized by the House
to investigate the witness must answer, and
this House will not fail to punish a contuma-
cious refusal. We are now asked to pass
judgment upon the person at the bar of the
House for refusing to answer. 1 desire to
suggest that the manager shall state definitely,
as i have no doubt he can, that specific ques-
tion or general question which has been pro-
pounded to this witness and which he lias re-
fused to answer, but the House may judge
both of the propriety of the question, and of
the contumacy of the witness. I'or myself, I
have no doubt of the propriety of the questions
as reported yesterday by the managers, and
if he refuses to answer I hope the House will
punish him for contempt ot its authority ; but
I an; anxious that we shall at the same time
vindicate the authority ot this House and not
assert a doctrine which will be oppressive to
the individual citizens. 1 hope the honorable
manager will state the specific question which
the witness has refused to answer.
Mr. BUTLER resumed the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] allow me to ask him a
question in regard to what he has been saying?
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from Ohio
put a question to me, and 1 will endeavor to
answer it. There seems to be some misap-
prehension in the mind of the gentleman, first
as to the power of the House; secondly, as to
the privileges of the witness ; and thirdly, as to
the course which, in my judgment, it is proper
for the House to take, in the first place, the
witness is called upon to answer any proper
question—"proper"' is the word; but i by no
means concede, although it is not necessary
for this purpose, that ttie House of Represent-
atives have not a right to ask of any citizen,
for the purpose of investigation, any question
whatever, and the only party to be judge of
the propriety of the question is the committee
of this House subject to the order of the House.
It is not, for the witness to say " I will not an-
swer, because it is not a proper question.''
Judgment must be with the committee in the
first instance and with the House in the last.
Therefore any question may be asked, aud it is
only to be met by the witness in a given way—
not by refusing to answer—and that way, un-
doubtedly, will he advised.
Now, to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge.] He says the witness can-
not be bound to criminate himself by his an-
swer. To that I reply that in 18-37 a witness
put himself upon this piivilege in the case of
the tariff investigation, as to bribery in the case
of the tariff law, and Congress passed a law
that it should be no excuse to any witness that
his answer might tend to criminate him, and
that he should never be indicted as to the
subject-matter of which he was inquired of.
Under that law Floyd, the defaulting Secre-
tary of War, escaped indictment. Therefore,
in 1863, Congress altered the law, providing
that while the party may be indicted his
answer shall not be given in evidence, and no
paper which he produces and no testimony
which he gives can be used against him, but he
must answer.
Now, my friend from Ohio asks for the spe-
cific question, and the gentleman from Wis-
consin asks that a copy of the report of his
testimony may be given to the witness, in
order that he may find out what questions he
refused to answer. Does not he know as well
as anybody on earth what he retlrsed to do?
Does lie need a copy of anybody's report to
tell him what he did?
In order, however, that the House may
.understand this matter, not admitting that it is
at all necessary, and also that they may require
the witness to answer specifically, 1 will read
a portion of the testimony of Mr. Woolley :
." Questioji. Have you sent any telegrams from this
city under a feigned name?
'\ln«icer. I have, sir; but not to—yes, I have.
textion. What was that name?
Answer. I sent one under the name of * Hooker,'
and some under the name of * Bismarck, junior/
