186?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
40tii Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps,
pnrpose of giving force to his speech? The
report and the speech cite English text writers.
Why is this if English cases have nothing to do
with guiding the conscience of this House? The
assertion of the gentleman is disputed both by
the report and by the speech. He answers him-
self, and I am content to leave him in that posi-
tion.
But ho tells us that the power of impeach-
ment is not delegated to the two Houses for
the punishment of criminals; that no crime
is necessarily involved in an exercise of this
power; that it looks merely to a removal of an
officer who may have conducted himself in a
manner ■which the conscience of the House
disapproves j that a trial on impeachment is not
a trial for crime in its technical sense. *1 com-
mend to him as an answer to his most singular
suggestion that part of section two of article
three of the Constitution which says:
" The trial of nil crimes, except in cases of impeach-
men t. shall bo by j ury," &c.
Can a non-indictable offense be tried by a
jury? The gentleman from Massachusetts will
not so affirm. Then, are not trials in cases of
impeachments trials for indictable crimes, at
least at common law? How will the gentle-
man avoid this conclusion except by rejecting
the Constitution and affirming as its superior
the conscience of this Hoijse, which may be
Republican now and Democratic at no distant
day? The Constitution is more stable than
the conscience of this House; and it may be
well for us to consider the promise of stability
which these two regulators of power present.
I prefer the Constitution to that conscience of
this body which may be evidenced by a mere
partisan majority. I would be willing to be
judged by a Republican conscience and yet
shrink from the conclusions of one directed by
a Democratic majority. I prefer that both
shall be subject to the limitations of the Con-
stitution. This will secure the rights of all
parties and all persons.
The gentleman says, again, that impeach-
ments look not to the punishment of persons,
but to the removal of officers. Let this be
granted for the sake of the present argument.
What follows? The Constitution answers that
for whatever purpose an impeachment may be
instituted it must be based on "treason, bribery,
or other high crime or misdemeanor." Now,
sir, if this proceeding is not for punishment,
if it is for something else, still it is plain we
cannot put its machinery in motion unless we
have the force of a crime or misdemeanor to
move it.
And here we are told that for the meaning
of the terms "high crimes and misdemeanors"
we must resort to the common law of Parlia-
ment. If this be true what comes of the
declaration that '• English precedents should
not influence the action of this House in its
exercise of the power of impeachment?" Let
the gentleman from Massachusetts answer this
question, for it springs from his speech. Au-
thority upon authority based on parliamentary
law is presented by the report which he made
to this House in this case, and yet we are told
that English eases should not influence our
action. Why, then, did the report of the major-
ity force them upon our attention? Let the
gentleman answer, for his report compels the
presence of this question.
Sir, I am willing to go with the gentleman to
the common law of Parliament to ascertain
what the terms "high crimes and misdemean-
ors" mean,. He denied the authority of this
source of information and at tile same time
invited us to it as constituting an umpire in
the matter of our dispute. Let him take the
consequences of this appeal. I accept his
umpire, and claim that he shall stand by the
decision. 1 have presented in the report of
the minority two weil-considered and thor-
oughly-digested cases made up by this umpire.
Both of these allirm that the terms " high
crimes and misdemeanors" mean offenses in-
dictable by the common law of England or the
statutes of Parliament.
I refer to the cases of Macclesfield and
Melvjlle—two of the best-considered of all the
English cases. They both affirm this doctrine.
Macclesfield was convicted upon the express
ground that his offense was indictable under
the act of Edward .VI; Melville, on the con-
trary, was acquitted upon the ground that the
case did not show, as committed by him, an
offense which would support a presentment or
indictment in any court of the realm.
These cases follow the current authority of
England, and I ask the gentleman to cite a
single case in opposition thereto entitled to the
respect of this House. Let him do it now if
he can. I will pause for a reply if he has one
to make. Give to this House, if you can, a
single case which departs from the rule which
I have affirmed. I demand the case, and will
not be put off with the opinions of elementary
writers. Tell this body wherein the House of
Lords has crossed the path of the report of the
minority of the Committee on the Judiciary
made in this case, so far as it concerns the
English authoritie's. I care nothing for the
assertions which have been made relative to this
case, but demand the authorities which, will
support them. Not one case has been cited
against the position which I have assumed, and
1 declare that not one of respectability can be
found in opposition thereto.
The gentleman asserted with an air of triumph
that the crime of murder might be committed
by the President or any other civil officer of
the United States in places and under circum-
stances which would not biingthe crime within
the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States, and demanded to know whether in such
a case an objection would be interposed to an
impeachment of the offending officer.
1 answer this question by quoting the lan-
guage of the gentleman's own report, as fol-
lows :
"The legitimate causes of impeachment can only
have referenco to public character and official duty.
In general, thoso offenses which may be committed
equiilly by a private person as a public officer are
not the subjects of impeachment. Murder, burglary,
robbery, and, indeed, all olfenses not immediately
connected witli office, except the two expressly men-
tioned, are left to the ordinary couiso of judicial
proe'eeding, and neither House can regularly inriniro
into them except for the purpose of expelling the
member."
This answers the gentleman's inquiry. The
source from whence the answer comes may
render its presence in some degree uncomfort-
able to the honorable gentleman, but in no-
wise detracts from its aptness and force. It very
plainly declares that the supposititious case
stated by the gentleman would not sustain an
impeachment of a civil officer, and this is suffi-
cient fur my present purpose. It might be
difficult for the conscience of this House to
determine which rule of conduct to follow in
such a ease—the one presented by the major-
ity report or the one" staled in the speech to
which we have listened.
The gentleman has told us that the framers
of our Constitution designed to strip the im-
peaching power of some of its severest features
—that while the House of Lords of England,
upon presentment by the Commons, may try
any subject of the Crown, entertain jurisdic-
tion of every grade of offense known to the law
of the realm, and apply the full measure of
punishment, we have been confined in our
inquiries to civil officers, and the Senate, in
pronouncing judgment, to removal from and
disqualification to hold office. I grant this,
and claim that the limitation imposed by the
Constitution shall be observed. But the gen-
tleman seeks to avoid the force of this limita-
tion by enlarging the field of inquiry, and
changing the character of the power. He told
us that the power of impeachment vested in
this House is subject to no revision or control,
and that its exercise is to be guided solely by
the conscience of the House. Correctly inter-
preted, this doctrine, as it seems to me, comes
to this: that whatever this House may declare
on its conscience to be an impeachable offense,
redtree to the form of articles, and carry to the
Senate for trial, that body is only to be allowed
to declare whether the officer impeached is
guilty of the facts presented against him,"but
is not to' be permitted to say that such facts do
or do not constitute a crime or misdemeanor.
For, if this conscience is not subject to any
control or revision, having determined that a
given state of facts constitute a high crime or
misdemeanor, it would seem to follow, logic-
ally, that the House must demand judgment
of conviction on proof of the facts charged,
regardless of the opinions of the members of
the Senate respecting the presence or absence
of those elements which alone can constitute
any act a real crime.
Sir, let us consider that, while this House is
now guided by a Republican conscience, it may
at some time in the future be directed by a
Democratic conscience. Does he desire us to
intrust the character, extent, and uses of this
power to the shifting fortunes of political par-
tics? What could be more dangerous to the
peace and safety of the Government than this?
This doctrine may carry this ease to the deter-
mination desired by the gentleman. But can
he not see that it may return to plague him
and the country? He admitted that if the
minority of the committee are right on the
law the majority have no case whatever. And
1 may here say that if he is right in his views
of the power of impeachment no law is needed,
for the law might control the conscience of the
House.
I agree with him in the statement that Con-
gress cannot declare and punish as a crime an
act which does not involve the elements of
crime as they are known to and established by
the common law. But this doctrine is fatal to
his argument and destructive of his case; for
if it be true the conscience of this House is as
much bound by it when exercising the im-
peaching power as it is in matters of ordinary
legislation. You cannot bind the ordinary
legislative power of this House by the principle
here laid down and then, when you come to
exercise the impeaching power, brush it out of
the way in order that the obnoxious officer
may be removed without the presentation of
some act involving the well-known elements of
crime.
The position which the minority of the com-
mittee occupy in this case may be summed up
in these words: that no civil officer of the
United States can be lawfully impeached except
for a crime or misdemeanor known to the law;
that this body must be guided by the law, and
not by that indefinite something called its con-
science, "which may be one thing to-day and
quite a different one to-morrow. If tiie case
now before us, tested by the principles of crim-
inal law, discloses high crimes or misdemeanors
coming within the rule I have stated, then the
gentleman is right in demanding that the Presi-
dent of the United States be impeached; and
I here throw open to the gentleman the range
of both statutory and common law impeach-
able crimes. If these cannot be found in the
record of this case, then no amount of con-
science in House and Senate can justify us in
proceeding further with it.
The gentleman quoted from Woodeson to
show that non-indictable offenses may justify
an impeachment of a civil officer, but he did
not read far enough. The principles of which
'Woodeson is treating in the lecture from which
the passage read by the gentleman is taken
involve more than the power of impeachment:
they involve the power of attainder and the
power to pass bills of pains and penalties.
These powers have been confused and con-
founded by many of the elementary writers.
Woodeson has been more fortunate than most
writers in presenting the lines which divide
these powers. His lecture on the subject of
