1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
there bad been, I could state at once. I then-went
on to state that six companies of the twenty-ninth
infantry had been biought hereto winter, but that
that had been oiiset by detaching four companies of
the twelfth infantry to Charleston,ontherequisition
of General (Janby; that two companies oi the lourth
artillery, which had been detachcd duiing General
Canby's command of the department, one of them to
the northern frontier to assist in putting down the
Fenian difficulties, had been returned to their regi-
ment, stationed at X^ort Meilenry, .Baltimore; that,
though the command had been increased m the num-
ber of companies, X was under the impression that
the reduction in the numerical strength of the com-
mand, growing out of the order which reduced in-
fantry and artillery companies from the maximum
of the war establishment to the minimum of the peace
establishment, more than offset what was gained by
the additional companies. The President said, *1
refer to more recent changes/ I said I did not know
exactly what he referred to by recent changes; that
none had been made to my knowledge; that if he
would give me some idea ot who had made the report
to him, or what the report was which he had received,
I could, perhaps, give him a more definite answer. lie
said reports had reached him thatwithin the last day
or two certain orders and new arrangements of troops
had been made. I assured him that none had been
made with my knowledge, and that X did not believe
thnt any had been made without my knowledge; that
under the recent orders, founded upon the laws of
Congress, for the government of the armies of the
United States, approved by him, no ordercould come
to me except through General Grant, and that, rea-
soning from analogy, it was assumed in the Army that
no order could be given to any one under my com-
mand without coming through me; that if, by any
possibility, an order had been given without coming
through me, it was the duty ot the officer receiving
it immediately to notify me. He then asked mo,
* "What order do you refer to?' I stated that Ireferred
to order No. 15 or 17,1 could not recollect which, that
had been published to the Army some time in May
last. He said, 'I wish to see the order.' I replied
to him that I would send for it. He said,4 No; I have
all the orders about the house,' and a messenger was
sent for it. At that time Colonel Cooper came in,
and occupied the President's attention for some time
upon another subject, as X supposed, for I withdrew
to the other end of the room. While there the mes-
senger came and brought the order. After Colonel
Cooper had gone out X returned to the President,
with this order in my hand,and said, 'Mr. President,
I will take it as a great favor if you will permit me to
call your attention to this order or act. Xt passed in
an appropriation bill, and it is possible you may
never have seen it.' He took the order and read it
and observed: 4 This is not in accordance with the
Constitution of the United States, which makes me
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, or with
the innguage of the commission which you hold.' I
stated to him that was not a matter for officers to de-
termine; there was the order sent to us, approved by
him, and we were all governed by that order.
" Question. Do you mean that the order or the act
was approved by the President?
"Answer. Imeantheact; but, as far as that was
concerned, the order and the act approved by him
are the same thing, for the order contained nothing
but the act. He said, 'Am I to understand that the
President of the United States cannot give an order
but through the General-in-Chief or General Grant?'
Xreplied, 'Mr. President, that is the order which
you approved and which has been issued for the gov-
ernment of the Army, and X think it due to >ou to
say that when this order first came out it was very
much discussed in the Army, and some of the lead-
ing lawyers of the country were consulted as to what
the duty of an officer was under that law and order,'
and I observed, 'one of them whom I consulted, and
I consider him, porhaps, one of the greatest consti-
tutional lawyers in the country, gave it a-s his very
decided opinion that we were bound by it. And I
think it right to tell you that on this subject the
Army is a unit.' He asked me who the lawyers were.
I told him the one X consulted whs a kinslolk of
mine, Robert J. Walker, and that X had understood,
though I did not know of my own knowledge, that
others had consulted Mr. Rrverdy Johnson, who,
it was reported, held the same opinion. The Pi evi-
dent replied, 'The object oftho law is very evident.'
After a short pause, seeing there was nothing more
to say, X thanked him for the courtesy with which he
had permitted me to express my own opinion, and
left the house.
M Question. Did the President in any form inquire
whether you would obey an order if it was sent to
you without going through the headquarters of the
General ?
" Answer. As nearly as I can recollect, there was
not a word said that I have not put down, though I
could, of course, not swear that I had putdown every
word uttered. You may see by my testimony that I
myself introduced the subject of order No. 17, which
involves this question. There wore a variety of
rumors running about town that General l^homas had
given orders, or that he declared that he was going
to give orders, and I thought it my duty to state the
situation fairly and squarely to the President."
Testimony of Colonel George W. Wallace.
Washington, D. Cm jFebruary 26,1868.
"George W. Wallace, sworn and examined:
" IJy the Chairman:
"Question. You are connected with the Army?
"Answer. X am lieutenant colonel in the Army,
commanding the ganison of Washington.
"Question. How long have you been m command
of the garrison of Washington? •
" Since the latter part of August last.
"Question, llavo you, at any time, had any conver-
sation or correspondence with the President of the
United States in regard to military affairs or move-
ments or operations ?
"Answer.. X had a brief conversation with him. on
Sunday morning last.
''Question. Had you any conversation at his re-
quest?
"Answer. The circumstance occurred in this way:
I was called to the .Executive Mansion to see one of
his Secretaries, Colonel Moore, and while in conver-
sation with bun I asked how the President was. He
replied that he was very well, and then asked if I
would like to see him and pay my respects to him; I
said certainly, and in a few moments I was invited
into his room.
"Question. Did you have a conversation with him
in regard to military matters?
"Answer. Yes, sir; a brief conversation.
" Question. State what that conversation was.
"Answer. The President asked me if any changes
had been made in the forces under my command. X
replied that four companies of the twelfth infantry,
the regiment to which X properly belong, had been
sent to Charleston, or rather to that military district,
the 7th of January; that beyond that there'had been
none.
"Question. Had you any further conversation ?
"Answer. No, sir; that was all that occurred in
reference to military operations.
Question, lie made no reply to your statement as
to the change in the affairs of your command ?
"Answer. No, sir; nothing occurred beyond that.
"By Mr. Wilson:
"Question. Did anything further occur with regard
to military matters of any character ?
"Answer. No, sir: that was the only conversation
that X had with him with regard to military matters.
Indeed, I may say it was all that transpired with re-
gard to any matter except a mere passing remark.
" By the Chairman :
"Question. Had ColonelMoore any previous knowl-
edge or expectation that you were to call about that
time?
Answer. Colonel Moore expected to see me Sunday
morning.
"Question. What led him to expect you?
He addressed mc a note the day previ-
ous, saying he desired to see me; that he would call
upon mo in person, but that he was very much occu-
pied. His object in sending for me, however, was
upon an entirely different matter.
"By Mr. Bingham:
"Question. Did the President say anything to you
whatever about the War Department matter or the
Secretary of War that morning?
"Answer. No, sir; Colonel Moore sent for me in
regard to a personal matter concerning myself."
Sir, this testimony does not even tend to
prove the charge contained in this tenth arti-
cle. On the contrary, it really affords a vin-
dication of the President against all such as-
persions. It was the most natural thing in the
world, when the President learned that certain
changes in the disposition of troops in and about
Washington had been made without his knowl-
edge, that he should, as the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, desire to know why these
changes had been made, and that he should
summon before him the officer in command of
these troops for information on this subject.
Has it come to this, that the President could
not, on an occasion like this, discuss, in a con-
versation with a subordinate officer, the valid-
ity, propriety, and effect of certain legislation
of Congress on the discipline of the Army?
could not ask an opinion of his subordinate as
to his powers as Commander-in-Chief?
No fair-minded grand jury of a nisi prius
court would ever have found an indictment on
such testimony. No judge, however humble,
having any regard to his reputation as an offi-
cer of justice, could ever allow any citizen to
be convicted on testimony like this. Why,
then, present such a charge on such testimony
against the President? Do the inexorable de-
mands of partisan malignity require it? Is it
because nothing more serious can be discov-
ered? But, sir, I forbear further comment. I
cannot characterize this proceeding as I think
it deserves without violating the rules govern-
ing parliamentary debate, and I shall not pur-
sue the subject further to-day. The decree
has gone forth that the President shall be im-
peached, and nothing I can say will tend to
arrest it.
Mr. LOUGHPJDGE. Mr. Chairman, I had
hoped, if for no other reason, for the vindica-
tion of the truth of history, that the report of
the committee would include articles founded
upon some of the many acts of wrong and of
usurpation committed by the acting Presi-
dent, from the time he assumed the office un-
til the time of the attempted removal of Mr.
Stanton, on the 21st of February last. A long
series of acts of usurpation for which, in my
opinion, he should have been included in these
articles, aud for which X know he is already
impeached before the bar of public opinion,
ana for which he ought to have been impeached
long since before this bar, and removed from
the office -ha-has so long disgraced.
But, sir, I do not propose to offer any amend-
ments to the articles in this respect. While my
own opinion is decided and my convictions
strong that they should have included more
than they do, 1 still feel it my duty to defer
to the opinion of the committee reporting the
articles, having great confidence in the wisdom
and sagacity of the members of that committee,
and more especially as the report of the com-
mittee is unanimous.
The substance of the articles is, that on the
21st day of February last, Edwin M. Stanton
being Secretary of War, in the possession of
the office and of the records thereof, and in
the discharge of the duties appertaining thereto,
and the Senate of the United States being in
session, the President issued a written order
for the absolute removal of such Secretary of
War and appointed one L. Thomas as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, authorizing him to
take immediate possession of the office and the
records and ordering Mr. Stanton to deliver
the same to such pretended successor. And
that afterward the President entered into a
conspiracy with said Thomas to obtain posses-
sion of said office, and to prevent the Secre-
tary of War from exercising its duties. It is
of course impossible, in the few moments I ana
allowed to occupy the floor, to go into anything
like a full examination of these articles.
Suffice it to say that, in my opinion, any one
of them, if sustained by the evidence as 1 have
no doubt they will all be, would be sufficient
to authorize a judgment of guilty and removal
from office.
The President, in removing Mr. Stanton from
office, exercised power not granted to him by
the Constitution. The powers of the Execu-
tive are specifically pointed out by the Constitu-
tion, and he has no other powers. He has no
implied powers—all the implied powers are in
Congress. There is not a word in the Consti-
tution giving the President the power of remo-
val hero claimed. All there is in the Constitu-
tion in relation to the power is—
" The President shall have power to nominate, aud
byandwiththc advice and consent of the Senate shall
appoint, embassadors, other public ministers, and
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other
officers of the United States,whose appointments aro
not herein otherwise provided lor, and which shall
be established by law. 15ut Congress may by law vest
the appointment of such inferior officers as they
think proper in the President alone, in the courts
of law, or in the heads of Departments. The Presi-
dentshallhavepowertofillup all vacancies that may
happen during the recesss of the Senate, by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of tho
next session."
If the power of removal can be inferred from
this last clause, which I deny, it is no help to
the President in this case, for this refers only
to such time as the Senate is not in session,
and when he claimed to remove Mr. Stanton
the Senate was in session. All the power he
had was to nominate a successor, ami when the
Senate confirmed such nomination then, by
operation of law, the term of Mr. Stanton would
have expired. There is, then, in the Constitu-
tion an entiie absence of authority to justify
the action of the President.. Again, sir, the
removal of Mr. Stanton was in direct, open,
and flagrant violation of the act of March, 1887.
Gentlemen who have seen fit to constitute
themselves the advocates of the President upon
this floor claim in his justification that Edwin
M. Stanton was not on the 21st day of Feb;
rua'ry last Secretary of War; that by virtue ot
said act of March,'1867, his term of officc had
expired, and was terminated by the passaj'e
of said art; that after the passage of said act
he held the office only bv sufferance. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania claims that his term
of office expired one month after the death of
Mr. Lincoln. That from May 15, 1855, until
August, 1807, over two years, the President
permitted a vacancy to exist in the office of
Scciotary of War. and permitted an uuauthor-
