64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
Ho. of Reps,
Impeachment—Mr. Wilson,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
parliamentary impeachments concludes as
follows:
" Impeachments, as wo have seon, arc founded and
proved upon the laws in being. A moro extraordi-
nary course is somotimes adopted. New and occa-
sional law? have been passed tor the punishment of
particular ofFonders. Such ordinances arecalled bills
of attainder, and bills of pains and penalties."
And he opens the next succeeding lecture, in
which he treats specially of bills of attainder
and hills of pains and penalties, with this lan-
guage:
"All the modes of criminal prosecutions hitherto
spoken of, whether by impeachment or otheiwiso,
are vindications of the laws in being:, on which they
are founded. But, besides tho regular enforcement
of established law, the annals ofmost countries record
ginglo exertions of penal justice adapted to exigen-
cies unprovided for in the criminal code. Such acts
of supreme power are with us called bills of attainder,
whion are capital sentences, and bills of pains and
penalties, which inflict a milder dogree of punish-
ment."
Thatis whatWoodeson said, and it presents
distinctly the lines which divide these several
parliamentary powers. Impeachments were
for offenses known to the law ; were founded
on the laws in being; for other offenses the
sharp and unlimited powers of attainder and
bills of pains and penalties were used. These
extraordinary powers are denied to us by the
Constitution. We may provide for crimes and
misdemeanors known to the law when the acts
constituting them were done. "No bill of
attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed.''
The gentleman also referred to Story. But
how loosely Judge Story wrote on this subject
may be seen by reading a few lines from one
of the sections of his Commentaries :
"Tho object of these proseoutions in America, as
well as in England, is to reach high and potent
offenders, such as might-lje presumed to escape pun-
ishment in the ordinary tribunals, cither from their
own extraordinary influence or from the imperfect
organization and power of these tribunals."—Story's
Commentaries, section CS8.
Does this present a correct idea of the power
of impeachment vested in this House by the
Constitution ? Sir, send out your committee
upon charges preferred agaiustsome petty post-
master who has not influence enough in his
neighborhood to change the result of an elec-
tion for a justice of the peace, and he, within
the contemplation of the Constitution, is one
of these "high and potent offenders'' who
must be punished by an exercise of this grand
power lodged in the House of Representatives,
for he is a civil officer of tho United States.
Why, sir, it is simply ridiculous, and it only
tends to show how loosely the text writers have
written on this subject.
But the gentleman found in Story an au-
thority to the effect that we may impeach for
"political offenses." What is a "political
offense?" That is a broad and a very signifi-
cant term in this country. What is a " polit-
ical offense?" Is it the doing of something
that the dominant political party in the coun-
try do not like? That, in one sense, is a polit-
ical offense.^ Are we to impeach for that?
We did not like the removal of our own friends
from office by the present President. Are we
to impeach for that? He has done many acts
of political littleness, meanness, and treach-
ery. Are these impeachable political offenses?
Sir, it is unsafe for us to wander into the field
of political or party action for offenses upon
which to rest the impeaching power of this
House. Disaster alone could result from such
a course of procedure.
The gentleman referred to cases which have
occurred in this country. We have had, as he
stated, the case of Blount, of Pickering, of
Chase, of Peck, of Humphrey. Blount's case
was decided, as the gentleman informed us,
upon a plea to the jurisdiction of the court.
Certainly, then, that case established no prece-
dent beyond that involved in the one point
passed upon by the court. In Chase's case
the gentleman says he finds an approval of the
doctrine he has argued here to-day, that some-
thing less than an indictable offense may be
the subject of an impeachment. How is th?i
ascertained? I have always supposed that
before the. action of a court can be treated as
authority it must decide something in such a
manner as to dielosc the principle underlying
its action and guiding its conduct. Chase was
tried. What was the result? He was acquit-
ted. Why? The record does not disclose the
reason; but it must, have been because the
court did not believe him guilty of high crimes
and misdemeanors. The proof of the facts
charged was very strong, and an acquittal cer-
tainly does not tend to establish the doctrine
that an impeachment may be properly had for
a non-indictable offense. In what did the case
originate? In the partisan feelings and excite-
ments of the times. And this cq.se has gone
into your history as a partisan impeachment.
Then we come to the Pickering case. As
the minority have said in their report, that
case is a disgrace to the court that tried it.
It is very manifest from the report of the case
that it also was a partisan case. Notwith-
standing the court permitted his counsel to set
up the plea of insanity, the case was disposed
of without regard to thai, plea, although, if
anything was proved in the case, it was that
Pickering was insane. And if it is authority
for any purpose or thing, it is that an insane
man may be held criminally liable, and bo
punished for acts done by him in tho midst of
his insanity and caused thereby. Such a doc-
trine is monstrous. The Constitution has
provided another remedy for such cases.
The Humphrey case, it is said, was not based,
so far as the first article was concerncd, on
any act for which ho could have been indicted.
What are the facts? The South Carolina con-
vention passed the ordinance of secession on
tho 17th day of December, 18G0. The crim-
inal act laid to the charge of Humphrey, and
on which the first article rested, was alleged to
have transpired on tho 29th day of the same
month, at which time he, being a judge of the
district court, of the United States, urged in a
public speech the people of Tennessee to secede
and make common cause with the people of
South Carolina in the war which they had
levied against the United States. This was an
act of treason. War having been levied, his
conduct made him a traitor.
I will not occupy the attention of the House
longer on the law of this ease, for I want to
have done with it. Briefly I will refer to some
of the facts to which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has directed our attention, for, after
all, upon these must depend mainly the term-
ination of this case. The first things to which
the gentleman refers ns are the acts of the
President having reference to the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States.
He excuses to some extent some of the
advisers of the President on the grouud that
they, at the inauguration of the executive plan
of reconstruction, did not understand his motives
nor comprehend his wicked designs. IIow did
the plan originate and by whom was it prepared ?
The North Carolina proclamation, which was
followed in every other case, seems mainly to
ha.ve been the work of Mr. Stanton, and I am
sure we will not question his patriotism. The
President certainly did not use him as an instru-
ment to carry out his wicked designs. He
could not use him for any such purpose. But
it is said that the President's real motive was
to turn over the power of the Government to
the possession of the rebels who had made war
upon it, and that this was not discovered until
his first annual message was communicated to
Congress in December, 1865, when the motive
was disclosed and the plot became apparent.
Soon after this message had been delivered to
Congress the contest between the executive
and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment commenced. Presidential vetoes came
in upon us. The Freedmen's Bureau bill and
the civil rights bill fell under his hand. The
notorious presidential speech of the 22d of
February, 18§6, proclaimed the breaeh between
us and the President irreparable. The official
heads of our friends fell into the Executive
basket with astonishing rapidity. We were
outraged by this conduct of the man who had
been elevated to power by our votes. We
appealed to a deceived people, and they sus-
tained us, as, I doubt not, they will continue
to do.
More than six months after the date when
the gentleman from Massachusetts says he
discovered the real motive and criminal design
of the President in this matter of reconstruc-
tion the report of the joint committee which
had been charged with that subject was made
to the two Houses of Congress. This report
\yas made on the 18th day of June, 1866, and
ip it our agents told us of the wretched results
of the President's policy. They had carefully
surveyed the entire field, but gave us no notice
of the motive and design of the President,
which my friend from Massachusetts has just
told us he had discovered in December, 18G5.
On the contrary, they said in that report:
" While your committee do not for amoment impute
to the President any such design," [to destroy the
constitutional form of Government, and absorb its
powers in the Executive,] "butcheerfullyconcedeto
him the most patriotic motives, they cannot but look
with alarm upon a precedent so fraught with danger
to the Republic."
And to that report the name of my friend
from Massachusetts is signed. This was months
after the December discovery, and in the midst
of the bitter political contest which resulted
from the President's unjustifiable desertion of
the party which had trusted him and elevated
him to the second office in the Government.
Sir, I am not here to defend the President,
lie must be a bold man who will undertake
that task. I have not boldness sufficient for
it, even if I had the inclination, which in the
remotest degree does not exist in my mind : for
I believe him to be the worst of the Presidents.
But it does seem strange to me that any mem-
ber of that able, thorough, pertinacious Com-
mittee on Reconstruction should now demand
au impeachment of tlje President for doing the
acts which they reported to us he had done
from patriotic motives. Such mbtives, if they
did exist, will not support an allegation cf
criminal intent.
It is affirmed that the testimony of Stanley
Mathews discloses that the President, from the
very date of his first association with the
Republican party, designed treachery. The
testimony of this witness and that of Hon.
Jeremiah S. Black show that the President
never was in earnest accord with the Repub-
lican party. This will account for much of his
strange and reprehensible conduct. But it does
not establish a crime. It discloses a trait of
character bad almost beyond precedent, and
shows how cautious political parties should be
in selecting candidates for official positions.
We committed a terrible blunder, not to say a
political crime, when we selected Andrew
Johnson as our candidate for the Tice Presi-
dential office. We trusted too much to his oft-
repeated utterances of devotion to the pro-
gressive principles of the Republican organiza-
tion, and unfortunately forgot, for the time
being, his antecedents as a public man, and
the influences and associations which' had
molded his character, and would be likelv to
direct his action as a public officer. Ilis
offenses in this regard, sad and grave as they
are, must be tried by the suffrages of the peo-
ple, and not on impeachment before the Senate.
The next grand charge which is advanced in
support of the demand for an impeachment of
the President is the surrender of propertv of
which the Government and its agents held pos-
session. In this charge the surrender of rail-
roads in the insurgent States occupies a con-
spicuous position. Bui, the policy which led
to this did not originate with the President.
Secretary Stanton's testimony shows that with
himself and the Quartermaster General this
policy originated. He regarded his action in
