186Y-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40tii Cong....2d Suss.
President's Message—Mr. Johnson.
Senate.
tho premises as in consonance with the require-
ments of a great public policy, which demanded
the opening of these great channels of commerce
to the trade and business of the country, as tend-
ing to a renewal of prosperity and as an effective
means of reconstruction.
Mr. DAWES. And stands by it now.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir—so far as
I have any information—adheres to it yet.
Whatever may be the rule of public law with
reference to property seized in time of war, and
which may have been occupied or used by the
public enemy, this G-overtiment established its
own rule, as it had a right to do, by enacting
the confiscation act of 1802. None of the rail-
roads surrendered had been seized, condemned,
and sold under the provisions of that act, nor
had the stock which represented the title of the
stockholders to the property been confiscated
in pursuance of its provisions. The Govern-
ment had not acquired title to this property by
either of these modes. The Government held
possession of the roads for military purposes,
and when the war closed surrendered that pos-
session to the corporations owning thorn, which
action was in accord with the opinions of Attor-
neys General Speed and Stausbury that tho
property of corporations did not come within
the confiscation act of 1862; and that if it did,
said act, being a war measure, could not prop-
erly be enforced after the rebellion had been
suppressed and the war had ceased. It does
not occur to me that this branch of the case
affords evidence of criminal conduct.
The surrender ot property to individuals is
covered to a great extent by this view of the
President's legal advisers, and' in a larger
degree by tho well-established principle that
a full pardon restores to the recipient all of
his rights which have not become vested in
third parties. The construction given to the
confiscation act. of 1802 and the effect of a full
pardon may be said to cover all of these cases
of surrender of property. If the pardons,
whether by special act of grace or by general
amnesty, were in any case corruptly granted,
the record submitted to this House by the com-
mittee does not disclose the fact.
The sale of movable property to railway
corporations is complained of. In all eases
where this character came within the rule
already stated respecting the property of cor-
porations, all sums realized by such sale wore
gains to the Government. In other cases, as
when the Government owned the same by
virtue of purchase or manufacture, the sales
were not authorized by law, but it does not
appear that they were made from corrupt or
criminal motives or for the purpose of private
gain.
The first plan adopted for the regulation of
these sales seems to have been the work of the
Quartermaster General, approved by the Sec-
retary of War. This was subsequently changed
by the President, and the sales proceeded.
How has the President been profited by this ?
The sales inured to the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. The President derived no benefit
therefrom.
But it is alleged that he did derive a benefit
by extending the time for the payment of the
amount due to the Government from the Nash-
ville and Chattanooga Railway Company ; that
he held bonds of this company, and by extend-
ing the time in which the company had agreed
to pay the same he secured the payment of the
interest due on his own bonds. The interest on
these bonds was guarantied by the Stale of
Tennessee, and the utmost amount he could
save thereby would bo tho interest on the
amount of interest due "which might accrue
between the date of the extension or final pay-
ment. This would be at most an inconsider-
able sum. Still this action of tho President
might afford some color to the argument of tho
gentleman from Massachusetts if it stood alone
amid the demands of southern railway com-
panies for extensions of time in which payments
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
were to bo made by them to the Government.
But it does not stand alone—it is not an excep-
tional case. The first extensions were granted
by order of Major General Thomas, others by
order of the Secretary of War, (Mr. Stanton,)
until nearly if not quite all of tho southern
companies became the recipients of the ben-
efits of a system which seems to have become
general. If these acts ol the Secretary of War
and of General Thomas were iilegal and crim-
inal, (which 1 presume no one will claim they
were,) the President cannot be charged crim-
inally with them unless it appear that they
were done by his subordinates with his con-
sent, or at least with his knowledge, and it
will hardly be claimed that this is established
by the testimony in this case.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House
much longer by commenting on this case. If
I were to refer to all of the facts of the ease,
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I could accomplish no more than has already
been achieved by the minority report, and I
am content 1,0 leave it with the flouse upon
the argument and review presented by that
document. It would be an unprofitable con-
sumption of time for me to go beyond it. A
few minutes more and I will have done.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has ex-
pressed his fears I hat a failure to impeach and
remove the President from ofiice will result in
a total defeat of the congressional plan of re-
construction. How can this be? The consti-
tutional life of this Congress will measure the
full limit of the President's official term. We
most assuredly will not surrender our plan.
No power can turn us from this determination.
Before the expiration of this Congress we hope
to have every State restored 011 the just and
equitable principles of our plan. If this result
be not realized, to our successors will be left
the task of completing our labors, unless the
people in the next congressional elections
determine to reverse our resolve by returning
a majority to this House hostile to the system
of reconstruction which we have adopted. I
am willing to trust the people in this regard
without fear as to the judgment they will pro-
nounce. A failure of our plan of reconstruc-
tion can be secured only by the voice of the
ppople at the ballot-box. I cannot believe
that it will thus fail, but if it should it will be
tho act of the people and not of the President.
We may not impeach for this.
The gentleman from Massachusetts lias
remarked that the President may interfere
with the next presidential election in the
southern States; that he may station soldiers
at the voting places and overawe the loyal
vote of those Stales, especially the colored
vote ; and we must, I suppose, guard against
the possibility of this by his impeachment, and
removal from ofiice. This position, if I state
it correctly, is startling. Are we to impeach
the President for what he may do in the
future? Do our fears constitute in the Presi-
dent high crimes and misdemeanors? Are wo
to wander beyond the record of this ease and
found our judgment of it 011 tho possibdities
of the fui.p'e? This would lead us even beyond
the con5eience of this House.
Sir, we must be guided by some rule in this
grave proceeding—something more certain
than an impossibility to arraign the President
for a specific crime. And when the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, in commenting on
one of the alleged offenses of the President,
stated that we could not " arraign him for the
specific crime,he disclosed the weakness of
the case we arc now considering. 3f ^e can-
not arraign the President for a specific crime
for what are we to proceed against bun? Tor
a bundle of generalities such as we have in
the volume of testimony reported by the com-
mittee to the Mouse in tins ens^Y It' we can-
not srate upon paper a specific crime how are
wo to carry this case to the Senate fir trial?
Mr. Speaker, I have done. Appreciating
the imperfections of my reply to the lengthy
argument of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, I am nevertheless willing to submit .this
case to the deliberate judgment of this House.
I believe the country desires a speedy disposi-
tion of it. If we are to impeach the President
it should be done without further delay. If we
are to arrive at a different conclusion the
sooner we reach it the better it will be for all
of the interests involved. Other and import-
ant subjects of legislation demand our atten-
tion, and to these the country demands "that we
shall devote ourselves; and, depending on the
strength of the case as it is presented by the
minority report, or rather on the weakness of
the case as disclosed by the record on which
the majority report rests, 1 now move that the
subject be laid 011 the table.
President's Message.
SPEECH OF HON". JBEYERDY JOHNSON,
of makylaxd,
Is the United States Senate,
December 12, 18G7.
The Senate having under consideration the eon-
current resolution introduced by Mr. Diuke rela-
tive to the President's annual message—
Mr. JOHNSON said:
Mr. President: Tho resolution offered by
the honorable member from Missouri proposes
to censure the President of the United States
for certain expressions found in his annual
message of tho 3d of this month. ITe has
quoted those words in the resolution, and that
the Senate may have the subject fully before
them I ask the Secretary to do me the favor
to read the words.
The Secretary. The words quoted are as
follows:
"Arc not only objectionable for their assumption of
un^i-antedpower,but many of theiriirovisions aroin
eontlk-t with the direct prohibitions of the Constitu-
tion" and "as plainly unconstitutional as any that
can be imagined."
Mr. JOHNSON. Tho honorable member
from Missouri, from an elaborate message
relating to the concerns of our country at home
and abroad, has selected those words, and these
alone, as calling for the censure which he pro-
poses to have pronounced upon the President
by the two Houses of Congress. The resolution,
therefore, presents for the consideration of the
Senate and of the country two questions: tho
first is whether the President had not a consti-
tutional right to address those words to Con-
gress ; the other is, if ho had not, whether the
measure proposed is a fit and proper one.
Before addressing myself to either of these
propositions I beg permission to correct what
I think are constitutional heresies in the elab-
orate speech the honorable member delivered
in support of this resolution. If I understand
the principles contained in that speech, and
especially those in a letter which the honorable
gentleman has done me the honor to address
me through the public press, they are that there
arc no rights which ea.11 be called in any proper
sense sovereign in any of the States of the
Union ; that the supreme authority over people
everywhere in relation to all things is in the
Government of the United States, and espe-
cially in its legislative department. A refer-
ence to the circumstances which caused the
Convention of 1787, to the deliberations of that
body, and to those of tho several State con-
ventions by which the Constitution was finally
ratified, will, I think, demonstrate that the
honorable member in these respects is wholly
and mischievously in error.
When the Colonies declared their independ-
ence of England and resolved by force of
arms to maintain it., t.hcy became at once sov-
ereign and independent States. Ihis would
have been tho result of that, declaration it it
h-iri !>"en silent upon the subject: but it u not
siient. After giving to the world tlie reasons
