1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3613
tion of order in the Senate; but the import-
ance of this legislation impels me to insist that
upon this mere matter of form the proposition
shall riot be rejected. I know it is not strictly
germane to the subject-matter of the bill; but
is that a conclusive objection ?
Suppose there had been some omission in
the legislation of Congress during the present
session, that in the enactment of some law
Congress had failed to incorporate into that
law the necessary means for its execution, and
the miscellaneous appropriation bill was the
last bill before Congress, and it was necessary
to insert a provision there relative to the exe-
cution of that law, not germane to the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill. Will the Senate
deprive itself of the right to make snch an
amendment, if, in its judgment, there is any
necessity for it? If the Senate decides now
that this amendment shall not be received
because it is not germane to the bill, the Sen-
ate decides, unless it is to vary from day to
day in its practice upon the question, that
hereafter, no matter what may be the exigency
or the imperious necessity requiring it, the
Senate will not put on a miscellaneous appro-
priation bill anything that does not touch the
matter of the bill.
Mr. CONKLHSTGr. I beg to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator there. In the House of Kep-
resentatives, as the Senator from Ohio says—in
the result I agree with him, although we under-
stand the rule differently—there is an express
rale standing all the time upon the book that
in an appropriation bill such legislation shall
not occur as changes existing laws : and yet in
just such cases as the Senator now speaks of
the House doos it continually, as continually
as the Senate. Why ? Because the rules are
always under control, and whenever any such
instance as he speaks of arises, the rule is
waived for that purpose. There is a rule there,
among other things, that, during the last ten
days of the session a motion is always in order
to suspend all the rules. When, therefore, the
last day comes, or the last day or two and
something has been omitted that it is necessary
to put in a bill, although strictly out of order,
the majority do it, having the rules under their
control. But the question here is, without
any such emergency as that, why we should
carry a dispensation of the rule to such an
unheard of extent as this. The Senator says
he has reasons which he is not at liberty to
disclose, and of course I cannot discuss them.
Mr. POMEEOY. I suppose it is impossible
to get a vote ; and after consultation with the
Senator from Maine, and with his approval, I
mose that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. SHEliMAN. I hope not till we dispose
of this point.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF EEPRESENTATIVBS.
Tuesday, June 30, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was, by unanimous consent, dis-
pensed with.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Remised, That there be printed for the use of the
members of the House of Beprasuiitatives one hun-
dred and eighty thousand extra eopies of the annual
report of theCommissionerof Agriculture for the year
18t>7, and twenty thousand eopies for the Commis-
sioner of Agiiculturo.
trade with this british provinces.
Mr. CAIvE, from the same committee, also
reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsolvd, That two thousand extra eopies of the
report from the Treasury relative to trade with the
British provinces be printedfortheuseot the House.
civil service op the united states.
Mr. CAKE, from the same committee, also
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Rr-'ohy-d, That three thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Retrenchment in the
civil service of the United States bo printed for tne
uso of the House.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several resolutions were adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND Ol'TIOE REPORT FOR 1867.
Mr. H1GBY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and, under the law, referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
members of the IIouse_twenty thousand eopies of
the report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office for the year 1867.
PUBLIC DEBT, ETC.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask
unanimous consent to submit a bill which I
give notice I will move as a substitute for the
bill to be reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means under the resolution adopted
yesterday in reference to the taxation of inter-
est on United States bonds. The proposed
substitute is as follows:
A bill relating to the public debt and the payment
of interest thereon.
Be it enacted by the Semite and House of Representa-
tives of the (Juited States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized to issue bonds, either coupon
or registered, upon the faith and credit of the United
States, in sums uf not les-i than fifty dollars each, to
the amount of '$800,000,000, principal and interest,
payable 111 coin, and upon the following terms and
condition?, namely:
Fi*-f>t. The interest on said bonds shall be at the
rate of five and one half per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually.
Second. Said bonds shall beissued to citizens of the
United States only, and shall be wholly void in the
hands of any person not a citizen of the United States,
or in the hands oi any person who, at the time of
receiving any such bond?, had knowledge or good
reason to behove that the same had been issued or
transferred to any person not a citizen of the United
States: and this condition shall be expressed upon
every bond issued under the provisions of this section.
Third. The bonds hereby authorized shall not be
subject to State or local taxation, in any manner, nor
by the United States at a rate exceeding one half of
one per cent, of the income of the bonds on which
such taxes are levied.
fourth. Said bonds shall be made so payable that
$50,000,000 thereof shall become due on the 1st day of
January, A, D. 1SSS, and a like sura of 650,000,000
shall become due on the 1st day of January of each
year thereaUci.
Fifth. Holders of bonds known as five-twenty bonds
may exchange such bonds for the bonds in this sec-
tion, specified at any time previous to the 1st day of
July, A. D. I860, and applicants for an exchange of
bonds may, within the limits prescribed by this act,
designate the timo when the new bonds issued to
them shall be made payable.
SiiK?. 2. And be tt further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
to issue, upon the faith <tndcredit of the United States,
coupon bonds, registered or not registered, as may bo
desired, in .sums of not less than $100 each, to the
amount of $oO0,OOO.O0O, principal and interest payable
in com, and upon the following terms and conditions,
namely:
First. The interest on said loan shall be at the rate
of four per cent, payable semi-annually.
Second. The principal and interest maybe made
payable in the United States, or at Frankfort or Lon-
don, at the option of the person to whom the bonds
are issued.
Third. Said bonds shall be made so payable that
$50,000,000 thereof shall become due on thelstdayof
January, A. I>. 1900, and a like sum of £50,000,000 shall
become due on the 1st day of January of each year
thereafter.
Fourth. The bonds by this section authorized shall
not be subject to State or local taxation in any man-
ner; nor shall the bonds authorized by this section,
or the interest thereon, be subject to taxation or
abatement of any kind by the United States. ^When
such bonds are owned by citizens of any foreign j
country, resident in such lorcign country, but in the [
hands of citizens or residents of the United States, •
the income of such bonds shall besubject to taxation ;
at the rate prescribed in the first section of this act. !
Fifth. Holders of bonds known as five-twenty bonds
may exchange such bonds for the bond* in this section
specified at any time previous to the 1st day of July,
A. D. 1869, and applicants for an exchange of bonds
may, within the limits prescribed by this act, desig-
nate the time when the new bonds issued to them .
shall be mado payable. i
Sec. 3. Andbe it jurther enacted, That the Secretary |
of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and ,
directed to use the sum of $-5,000,000 of coin in the '
Treasury and not otherwise appropriated in the pur-
chase of five-twenty bonds at the market price as
hereinafter provided, the same to be held by the
Tieasurerof the United States as a sinking fund in
accordance with the provisions of the fifth section of
an act passed February 25, 1862, entitled *4An act
to authorize the issue of United States notes and for
the redemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the iloating debt of the United States."
Sec. 4. Andbeitfurtherenacted, ThattheSecretary
of the Treasury, the Treasurer of the United States,
and the Attorney General be, and they hereby are,
constituted a commission for the purchase of bonds
as required in the preceding section. The Secretary
of the ireasury shall, from time to time, give public
notice for proposals for the sale of said bonds to the
United States, and said commissioners may accept
such proposals as they deem advantageous to the pub-
lic interests. The bondsso purchased shall be legibly
and indelibly marked, "The property of the Loan
Siuking Fund of the United States." The Treasurer
shall cause the interest to be paid upon such bonds,
and the amount thereof shall in like manner be
invested in the bonds of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the pur-
chases of bonds herein authorized shall be made dur-
ing the fiscal year commencing July 1, 186$.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, required tcrgive
public notice, whenever the amount of com in the
Treasuiy, belonging to the United States, exceeds
$20,000,000 in addition to the amount appropriated by
the third section of this act, that he will anticipate
the payment of interest then first to become due upon
the bonds of the United States to an amount as near
as may be of the excess over said $20,000,000: such
payments to be subject to a rebate of interest at the
rate specified in the bonds.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, prohibited from
making sales of gold for any purpose whatsoever.
The proposed substitute was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
peter and anson b. nodinx.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication -from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a report from
the Quartermaster General, relative to the claim
of Peter and Anson B. Nodine for tolls col-
lected by the United States during its use of
their ferry franchise at Charlestown, West Vir-
ginia ; which were referred to the Committee
of Claims.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Third Auditor of
the Treasury, relative to certain expenses in-
curred by the State of California in Indian hos-
tilities ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
jane m'murray and iiannaii cook.
On motion of Mr. H1LLEK, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 546) for the
relief of Jane McMurray, and the bill (S. No.
51-5) granting a pension to Hannah Cook j and
the same were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
1812.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken j and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Phelts.
protest of democratic members.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I ask unanimous eon-
sent, to offer the following resolution:
Jirsolved, That the Committee on Printing be di-
rected to report at once on the resolution referred to
it providing for printing fifty thousand copies of the
protest of Democratic members.
Mr. SCOFJELD. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not suppose there
was any good faith intended when the reso-
lution was offered the other day by the gentle
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
trial of e. whittlesey and others.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jhiohed, That the Secretary pf War be directed
to transmit to the House a transcript of,"1® records
of a military court held at Raleigh, North Caro.ima,
in the summer of 1866, for the trial of E. Whittlesey
and others, of which Maj'or General John M. 1 aimer
was president.
