1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
now arraigns President Johnson. Such wis-
dom is not the result of any profound research
into the history of our country and its institu-
tions. It is not derived from a car.eful study
of the opinions and teachings of the fathers. It
is of newer birth, of more recent invention; and
it would sadly mar their celestial happiness if
it were possible for the jarrings and false teach-
ings of the majority in this House to invade the
heavenly abode of those great benefactors of
our race.
Mr. Chairman, why do the majority here and
Mr. Stanton himself resort to such extraordi-
nary measures, such questionable expedients,
to keep him in office ? Why does he, with their
assistance, cling with such selfish, trembling,
and indecent tenacity to this office? Does he
fear to expose the secret and unpublished rec-
ord of that Department to the eye of any suc-
cessor, to the knowledge of the people? It
seems so. It may be that the frauds, the con-
cealments, the oppressions, the crimes of that
Department during his administration are such
as to lead him to shrink from their exposition.
The violations of law, the invasions of the rights
of person and property, the outrages upon per-
sonal liberty, the contempt of the Constitution,
and the scandulous prostitution of his office to the
base purposes of his party may well deter him
from any voluntary exposition of his official con-
duct during the last seven years. But these facts
constitute the most triumphant vindication of
the President's desire and dutyto remove him.
His only neglect of duty in connection with that
Department exists, in my judgment, in his fail-
ure to remove him years ago.
Mr. Chairman, does any gentleman in this
House suppose that Mr. Johnson would be im-
peached or any attempt made to depose him
if the acting Vice President were a Democrat?
No; never. Thismovementisinspiredin great
part by the very fact that one of the most radi-
cal of radicals—repudiated at home because of
the very excess of his radicalism—will succeed
to the presidency if Mr. Johnson is removed.
Then the officers of the country, the whole
power of every Department and agent of the
Government, can be made to contribute di-
rectly, and, if needs be, corruptly, to perpetuate
the power of the radical party in the country.
This, in iny judgment, is the cherished, ulti-
mate aim of all these measures.
Mr. Chairman, some weeks ago it was whis-
pered into the ear of a member of this House
that one of the judges of the Supreme Court
had, at some convivial meeting, forgotten pro-
priety so far as to express an opinion as to the
merits or constitutionality of some law then
under the consideration of the Supreme Court,
and forthwith the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofielb] introduced a resolution to
raise a committee of inquiry to investigate and
report upon the facts to the House. If that judge
was guilty of any wrong, what can fair and hon-
est men, not looking through the colored glasses
of party, think of the conduct of the Senate in
reference to this impeachment ? Should not.
they, after having deliberately prsjudged the
case of Mr. Johnson, be subjected to con-
gressional inquiry? '1 'hey are judges in this
matter as much as any court in the country is
in any other matter that can come before it.
The difference is, however, that the Senate
have expressed opinions in harmony with those
of this House, while the judge expressed opin-
ions not in such harmony, but condemnatory
of some of the laws of Congress. That makes
a very material distinction in the opinions of
some gentlemen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCARTHY. Ourpolitieal institutions
are based npon man's capability of self-govern-
ment. We are a nation of sovereigns, have
surrendered up under the Constitution so much
of our individual liberty as was necessary for
thegoodof all. That Constitution, the conces-
sion of all the people of all the States, creates
three hranches of government. First of all,
and to which the others are more or less sub-
ject, the legislative branch, possessing un-
der the Constitution "all legislative power."
Second, the executive branch, vested in a
President, who "shall be Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy." The Constitution
says Congress shall have power—
"To mako rules for the government and regulation
of the land and naval forces."
Some say that practice and precedent give to
the Commander-in-Chief supreme power over
the Army and Navy. I answer no. Such inter-
pretation is at war with the power of Congress
" to regulate " and at war with the spirit of our
institutions. We cannot afford to follow the
practice of the past in the assumption and use
of the military power by the heads of govern-
ments. " Let the dead bury the dead." Ours
is a living government of the present, promul-
gating the doctrine that the people govern. In
addition to the President's general executive
powers and duties the Constitution declares
that he shall '• take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed"—laws made under and by the
authority of the Constitution, not by the Presi-
dent, not by any court, but by Congress.
The third branch of the Government is the
judicial power, which the Constitution says
"Shall be vested in one Supremo .Court and in
such inferior courts as the Congress may l'rom time
time ordain and establish."
Congress may from time to time increase
or diminish the number of judges, the times
and places for holding their courts, and make
rules and regulations governing the same.
Who or what is Congress with all this power?
First, a Senate, in which the power and repre-
sentation of all the States, large and small, are
equalized; second, a House of Representatives,
the members of which come from and represent
small districts of people, to whom they are di-
rectly responsible, who, from the very luannerof
their creation, more trnly represent the popular
will than any or all the other powers of the
Government. The fathers of the Constitution,
with prophetic wisdom, saw the right of putting
all power of legislation in Congress beyond
the power of the President's veto by a two-
third vote of Congress.
After the exercise of his veto in the crea-
tion of laws his power ceases. Under -his
oath and the Constitution he is required to
see all laws faithfully executed; if ho refuses
to do so, cither directly or indirectly, or if he
shall in any way perforin acts or assume pow-
ers not specified in the Constitution or laws,
he is guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors,
and liable to impeachment. And this we hold
Andrew Johnson to have done. Thus is raised
the issue between Congress and the President,
who was put in power by the hands of an assas-
sin, who, I fear, knew too much of Andrew
Johnson. This terrible deed placed a foul
stain upon our national escutcheon. Succeed-
ing a man who was martyred for his country's
cause, for the liberty and equality of all its
people, to most men the lesson of the day
would have brought a disposition to have closed
up the great work of the war in the spirit of his
predecessor, who never, by word or act, at-
tempted to override Congress, always looking
to them for all legislative sanction, as the Rep-
resentatives of the people. Not so with An-
drew Johnson. His first effort was to estab-
lish civil governments in the rebel States in
the hands of rebels, allowing loyal men to
be ignored and persecuted. He usurped the
power whieh belonged to Congress, and with
the power in his hands, as Executive of the
nation, proceeded to organize State govern-
ments, using unscrupulously pardons, lands,
confiscated property, stocks, bonds, cotton,
office, official patronage, and threats in his
work of reorganizing these States and in forc-
ing the election of Representatives to Con-
gress, using fear and favor at ever3' turn to
accomplish his base purpose.
This man had declared by word and deed
that by rebellion the previous State govern-
ments had been destroyed. He had no power
to reestablish the State governments and place
them on an equality in Congress. He entered
into league with treason and traitors, using all
the powers of his position to force from Con-
gress a recognition of his acts by an admission
intp it of the creatures of his will, pledged
agents of his ambition. How stands our Demo-
cratic friends upon the record of reconstruction
by Andrew Johnson? What a cry of condem-
nation went np at the time; that he was violating
the sacred rights of States with military power.
I hear them cry " military tyrant! impeach
him!" Strange; how sympathetic; no man
who loved his country could so feel; only
those who, with Buchanan, declared the Gov-
ernment had no power to preserve its own life;
or who believed, with Seymour, coercion was
worse than rebellion ; or, in the general de-
claration of the party, that no act of treason
and rebellion could destroy political existence.
What has changed Democracy ? Andrew John-
son has not changed—neither his policy nor
ambition. They are now his especial friends.
It has been caused by a taste of the fleshpots
of Moses, not of Egypt- He has them in his
power. They cannot shako him off if they
would. Like the old man of the sea, he is a
dead weight upon them, and they must sink
into defeat and obscurity with him. The Con-
stitution says that
" The President shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consentof the Senate shall appoint,"
&c.
And further:
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate," &e.
And here is all the constitutional power in
the hands of the President over his Cabinet;
and his attempt to remove Mr. Stanton during
the session of the Senate, without notice of a
new nomination to them, was a direct violation
of the Constitution. Mr. Johnson for more
than three years had sanctioned him as Secre-
tary of War, accepting him as such from the ap-
pointment of President Lincoln. There was no
objection to Mr. Stanton until he stood in the
way of this man's unconstitutional use of hie
Department for personal, political ends; there
was great significance in the question asked by
one of his Cabinet, while they were "swinging
around the circle" together, whether they
would rather have Johnson for President or
king. The first effort to remove Mr. Stanton
was during a recess of the Senate, and within
the time required by law after they were in
session he notified them of such removal, thus
acknowledging him as Secretary of War and
obeying the law. The Senate, in accordance
with the Constitution, examined his reasons for
removal, pronounced them insufficient, and
thereby reinstated Mr. Stanton. Johnson's
second attempt at removal was an effort to
secure possession of the military property and
power of that office.
He has declared the civil tenure-of-office bill
unconstitutional and setit at defiance. By what
power or authority is he made judicial judge
over the laws of the country, overriding the
most conservative power of the Constitution—
a two-third vote of Congress ? He proves that
the wish was father to the thought when he
said it was in his power, if he chose, "to
become a dictator." No one can read the his-
tory pf those few days and not arrive at the
conviction that, with the military power in his
hands in addition to the other powers, he would
soon have proven the sincerity of his declar-
ation—that we were an unconstitutional body
hanging upon the verge of the Government.
Having failed at the War Office, he sends for the
general in command of the troops around Wash-
ington and asks information of the changes,
if any, and their disposition. In this move he
failed—not because he would not, but because
he could not. Congress some time before had
passed a law requiring all military orders to
pass through the General of the Army, and
from him, as from nearly all the generals, he
learned they were law-abiding men. Had
Andrew Johnson also been an observer of the
law he would have escaped the charges of
high crimes and misdemeanors.
We had forborne so long that our forbearance
had ceased to be a virtue; yes, with him, it was
