66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 12,
   Sfc
Senate.
President's Message—Mr. Johnson.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
for resisting the power of England and ending,
and as they hoped forever, the allegiance which
they antecedently owed to that kingdom, they
stated in conclusion that henceforth and for-
ever the States would be free and independent
and vested with all the powers belonging to
free and independent Governments. During
the period of that struggle the Colonies, then
States, were kept together by the exigencies
in which they were all involved. The war
upon which their fate depended could only be
successfully carried on by joint efforts, and the
war itself, the necessity growing out of it and
the object for which it was waged, constituted
during the period of the struggle a bond of
Union, which enabled them triumphantly to
emerge from the conllict.
Soon after the commencement of the war,
however, it was found necessary that there
should be some form of government operative
upon all the States collectively, and the Articles
of Confederation with that view were adopted ;
but those articles were "the acts of free and
independent States. They constituted but a
treaty or a league between the States, and
were no more binding upon them separately
than is a treaty binding which is entered into
between nations wholly distinct from each
other.
At the termination of the conflict the great
men of that day soon became convinced that"
the struggles through which they had passed, the
blood and the treasure expended in the grand
effort to establish upon this continent a free
and independent Republic, would be frustrated
unless some form of government was adopted,
not only in name but in fact a Government;
a Government vested with powers adequate to
its own preservation; a Government, there-
fore, authorized to enforce those powers, not
through the instrumentality of other Govern-
ments, but directly upon the citizen individu-
ally; and above all, having the authority abso-
lutely necessary to maintain the interests of all
against the nations elsewhere, and to prevent
conflicts among the States themselves.
But no member of the Convention during
the deliberations which terminated in the rec-
ommendation of the Constitution to the Amer-
ican people, ever intimated that it was their
purpose or that it was desirable to extinguish
the States as free and independent govern-
ments. On the contrary, every loading man
who participated in the debates admitted that
a'people so numerous as then inhabited a
country as extensive as ours then was, could
only be governed successfully and in accord-
ance with social and individual liberty through
the joint instrumentality of a general gov-
ernment and the governments of the Stales.
So far from designing to absorb all the powers
of the States belonging to them at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, it was in the
Convention and everywhere conceded that only
such portion of the powers then possessed by
the States should be transferred to the Govern-
ment of the United States, as was ncccssary
and adequate to maintain our independence
against the world and pieserve peace among
ourselves. When the Constitution was sub-
mitted to the people of the several States
assembled in convention, under the authoiity
of each State, for adoption or rejection, it was
apprehended, and there was cause lor the
apprehension, that the work upon which the
hearts ot the great and patriotic men of the
day were fixed would fail, because it was sup-
posed that the people of several of the States
might believe that the practical result of the
Constitution would be the absorption of all
State power in general government.
^Virginia, the first to propose the Convention,
whose great men were among the earliest to
point out the hazards to which we were then
liable from the condition of things then exist-
ing—Virginia now, in the estimation of some,
Supposed t® be out of the Union by means of
a war Waged for the purpose of preserving it
unbroken—by some of her sons in her State
convention, and particularly by Patrick Henry,
whose matchless eloquence and burning pat-
riotism during the earlier periods of the revo-
lutionary struggle had stirred the American
heart and aroused it to the necessity of appeal-
ing to arms and of dying in the effort to main-
tain independence, opposed the ratification
of the Constitution upon the ground that by
construction powers would be implied not
delegated, and the result would bo to absorb
everything within the jurisdiction ofthe General
Government; and the failure to adopt it there
and in other States was imminent. Unless
the history of the times is altogether false,
that failure would have occurred but for the
understanding with its friends and opponents
that at the earliest possible moment after the
organization of the Government amendments
would be adopted which would accomplish
all the purposes that the opponents of the
Constitution supposed to be vital to social and
individual liberty just as effectually as would
have been the case if the Constitution had been
accompanied by a declaration of rights.
In consequence of this understanding several
of the States, and Virginia particularly, rati-
fied it, and that understanding (for the men of
that day were true to their pledges) was faith-
fully carried out by the adoption at the earliest
possible period of ten of the amendments which
now constitute a portion of our organic law.
The first eight of these amendments relate to the
individual rights of the citizen. The remain-
ing two were inserted for the purpose of guard-
ing against, any possible construction that
would give to the Government of the Union
powers which might be exerted to the preju-
dice of such rights or to the prejudice of the
rights of the States. The first was accom-
plished by providing that the rights secured by
the Constitution were not to be considered as
depriving the citizens of the States from all
their other rights not expressly surrendered.
The purpose of the second was aeomplished
by providing—t do not give the words of the
amendment—that notwithstanding the powers
conferred upon the General Government they
were not in any way to affect the rights of the
States, but that, on the contrary, all powers
before belonging to them or to their people
not delegated to the General Government were
reserved to the States respectively and to the
people. And from that day to this, with the
exception of some statesmen within the last
five years, including my honorable friend from
Missouri, it has been the received doctrine
that the sovereignty of the United States is
confined to the subjects specially or by fair
implication conferred upon that Government.,
and that in no manner, for no purpose, and to
no extent, was the sovereignty of the States in
relation to the powers not so delegated to the
General Government affected, but, on the con-
trary, remained, as far as such powers were con-
cerned, as absolutely in the States as they were
anterior to the adoption ofthe Constitution.
In the Supreme Court of the United States,
from the period of its organization to the pres-
ent hour, during the administration of the
many great and patriotic men who have
adorned that tiibuual, this has been held with
entire unanimity to be the true interpretation
of the Constitution in every case in which it
became the duty of the court to pronounce its
judgment upon it. Jn the celebrated ease of
The State of Maryland vs. McCulloch, involv-
ing the constitutionality of the Bank of the
United States, Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in
the luminous and eloquent opinion deliverd
by him in the name of the court, stated the
doctrine in clear, precise, and positive terms,
and substantially denounced the opposite doc-
trine as a heresy not only not warranted by a
proper construction ofthe Constitution, but fatal
to the very objects which its trainers had in view.
The honorable member from Missouri, there-
fore, is utterly mistaken if he supposes, as he
seems to do, that within the sphere of the
powers not delegated by the States to the Gov-
ernment of the United States the former are
not free and independent sovereignties ; audi
was a little surprised to find that he entertains
a different opinion on receiving the letter to
which I have referred and by listening to his
speech delivered in this Chamber in support
of his resolution. Somewhat conversant with
the public men of the country, and having
lived to a period and been placed in positions
which rendered it necessary to make myself
acquainted, as far as I was able, with the polit-
ical opinions of the leading men of the day, I
wasbroughttotheconclusion by what I thought
I knew were the sentiments of the honorable
member from Missouri, that he agreed with
me that there were State rights which it wag
the duty of the States at all hazards to main-
tain ; and above all did I so think from the
proceedings of a convention to which I will
now refer. The honorable gentleman was a
conspicuous member of the body which framed
the constitution that for weal or woe now gov-
erns the people of Missouri. In that instru-
ment there are provisions involving sovereignty
in its most absolute sense, and, indeed, some
which seem to me to be at war with any liglit-
ful sovereignty of man over man.
That convention undertook to step between
the ministers of our holy religion and their
disciples, and to deny them the privilege of
administering their holy functions to erring
and sinning man at any period of his existence
from his cradle to his grave, by demanding as
a preliminary to the exercise of that function
that he should take an oath the nature of which
I forbear to speak of. True to the spirit of the
martyrs who from time to time have by their
sufferings even unto death testified to their
convictions ofthe truth of the Christian faith,
they refused to submit, were in many cases
prosecuted, convicted, and sentenced to im-
prisonment for having ventured, as against the
alleged sovereignty of Missouri, to baptize
infancy, confirm the adult, minister to the sick,
give the consolations of our faith to the dying,
and bury the dead. If those powers were
rightfully exerted—and it is not for me in this
debate to question it—it could only be because
there was in the people of Missouri, in their
capacity of a State, sovereign and almost abso-
lute power. I commend, therefore, my friend,
the honorable member, to reexamine his opin-
ions, if they are what I suppose them to be, to
see whether those which he entertained at a
former period are not correct and his present
opinions wholly erroneous.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Maryland permit me a moment's inter-
ruption ?
Mr. JOHNSON. If you desire it. I should
prefer going on, though.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 regret very much to ask it;
but I should like at this point to say one word
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply wish to say, Mr.
President, with regard to the illustration'whicli
the honorable Senator has used from the con-
stitution ot Missouri, that in the convention
which framed that constitution I opposed with
all my might the particular provision that he
l-eters to, did everything that mortal man could
do m a body of that kind to prevent its adop-
lion, but it was adopted in spite of me.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may be, Mr. Pres-
ident; but that in no manner affects the pur-
pose for which I refer to it. 1 do not under-
stand the honorable member as now telling us
that he objected to it on the ground of anv want
ot sovereignty in the people of Missouri. I
re.er to it merely to establish that in the judg-
ment of that convention there was in that State
sovereign and independent powers whollv irre-
spective of the powers conferred upon the
General Government when these were not re-
stnetod by the provisions ofthe latter
