2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
The motion of Mr. Washburxe, of Illi-
nois, that the appeal be laid on the table, was
agreed to.
Air. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that the common parliamentary
law of all civilized nations (to say nothing of
the higher law of decency and propriety) re-
quires that the minority of a parliamentary
body shall have a representation on all its com-
mittees. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
that the " higher law of decency" is not prop-
erly a part of the point of order. The Chair
does not rule upon the "higher law,"' but upon
parliamentary law. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order which I
make is that the parliamentary law of all civil-
ized nations requires that the minority of a
legislative body shall be represented on all
committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
question as to the representation to be allowed
the minority 011 a committee is subject to the
determination of the House. 'The Chair has
already stated that the House might commit
an investigation to the Speaker or any other
single member of the House, and in such a case
it would be very difficult to represent both
sides, whoever the member might be.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to move an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to the floor.
Does lie yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall,] who desires to offer an
amendment ?
I do not propose to yield.
I would like to offer a sub-
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. PRUYN.
stitute.
Mr. BUTLER,
stitute.
Mr. PRUYN.
Mr. BUTLER.
I decline to yield for a sub-
Let it be read.
No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts called for the previous ques-
tion when lie moved the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
national banks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the following resolution was adopted :
Rrsolved, That the Comptioller of the Currency be
requested to lurnish to this llouse a statement of the
amount of dividendsdeelared by the national bank-
ins associations since their organization under the
pre?cnt national banking act; the amount credited
to the real estate account distinct from the capital
expended therefor; the amount credited to the sur-
plus account; thcamount of their undivided profits
and all losses, each respectively per annum. If such
information be not in his possession, he is further
directed to take prompt measures to procure and
transmit the same to this House.
Mr. RANDALL. The motion was made to
reconsider, and it was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question
and will be entered. Neither the Globe nor
the Journal states that the motion to reconsider
was made and laid upon the table. The ques-
tion can be raised when it comes up.
IlKCOSANT witness again.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to know whether
it is in order to refer the resolution pending
before the House in reference to the recusant
witness at the bar to the Committee on the
Judiciary, where both sides have a representa-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order
pending the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a most unpar-
alleled thing.
Mr. KERR and Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 30, not voting
G8 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, JamcsM. Ashley. Baldwin, Beaman, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Blair. Boutwell, Brum well, Btoom-
all, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, bid-
liey Clarke, Coob, Coourn, Covode, l>awes, 1-Jison,
l>odge, Donnelly, Drig->,s, lila, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Garlicld, Gravely, Harding, Higby, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester 1>. Hubb.ird, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Jvelscy, Kouutz, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence,Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynacd, McCarthy,
MeClurg, Moreur, Moore, Mooibead, Morroll, New-
comb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Pile, Plants,Polsley.Raum, Sawyer, Scofield, iSmith,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Tatfe, Tay-
lor, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Klihu B. Washbui ne, Wclker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, John T. Wil-
son, and Windoin—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Boyer, Brooks, Burr.Cary,
Chanler, Eldridge, Get;',, Glos^orenuer, Goliaday,
Grover, H,light, llotchkiss. Johnson. Jones, Kerr,
Knottj Maislntll, McCormick, MtUuliough, Morgan,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sit^reaves,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, and Van Trump—oO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Axtell.
Bailey,Baker,Banks,Barnos.Barnum,Beatty, Beck,
Benjamin, Buckland, Conk, Cornell, Cullom, Eekley,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Fmne}, Fox, Griswold, Hal-
sey, Hawkins, 11111, llolman, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard H. Itubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kelley,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Lallin, Lincoln, Miller, Morris-
sey. Mullins, Muugen, Myers, Niblack, Peters, Po-
land, Pouieroy, Price, Robertson, Robinson, Sehcnek,
Selye, Shanks, Sliellabarger, Spalding, 'i'tnuldeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Thomas, John Trimble,
Twichell, Van Aernaui, Van Aukeu, Van W'yck,
Cadwalader 0. AVashbum, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen 1<\
Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—US.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to submit a reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts rises to a privileged question, and
he will be recognized, as the managers have
been authorized to continue this investigation.
Mi-. ELDRIDGE. I desire, before that
question is disposed of, to have determined the
question involved in that statement.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
a point of order the Chair will rule 011 it after
the resolution is reported.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point of order is on
the statement of the Speaker that the man-
agers have been revived. This committee the
Speaker has declared to be defunct, and that it
is now revived. I make the point that it is
now a new committee, and they have no more
charge of this witness than the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I desire to make the motion to refer
this to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground, with which the
gentleman is familiar as an old member of the
House, that the continuance of any committee
will revive all of its business. This has been
the uniform decision of all Speakers and Con-
gresses. For example : a special committee,
which expires with a session, revived at a suc-
ceeding session of that Congress, has all of its
business revived, and has the same jurisdiction
of questions as was authorized by the original
resolution.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] offers for adoption the following
resolution:
The Clerk read as follows:
Jlesolved, That the said Charles W. Wool ley be
committed to and detained in close custody by the
Sergeant-at-Arms in the Capitol during the remain-
der of the session, or until discharged by the further
order of the House, to be taken when he shall have
purged the contempt upon which he was arrested,
by testifying before thecommitteeauthorized to con-
tinue the investigation which the managers were
conducting when the contempt was committed by
said Woolley.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Before demanding the
previous question, which I propose to do with-
out much debate, I desire to state to the House
that it seems to me—and I make this remark
011 account of what has been said on the other
side of the H ouse—that this is a case clearly
within the jurisdiction of the House, and that
in none of the steps that have been taken, or
in the step which I now ask the House to
take, is there any, even the least, departure
from the well-settled principles and rules of
proceeding? This witness was guilty of a
contempt of the House by refusing to answer
explicitly and properly questions put to him
by a committee of this House. He cannot
escape responsibility or punishment for that
conduct, even though it be true that the com-
mittee before which he was testifying, when
lie was guilty of that contempt, has ceased to
exist. He is at this moment not in the cus-
tody of a committee, but he is in the custody
of this House, because he is charged and
properly charged, arraigned and properly ar-
raigned here, being in contempt of this House
by refusing to answer questions put to him by
a committee of this House, and it is wholly
immaterial whether that committee has ceased
to exist or not. Now, then, the resolution
which I offer affords to the person accused an
opportunity to purge himself of that contempt,
not by answering before that committee the
questions which were proposed to him by the
committee, but by answering those questions
before another committee, which, by the reso-
lution of the House just adopted, is ^barged
with the duty of pursuing this investigation.
It is for the House to judge how and by svhat
means he shall purge himself of thatcontempt;
and neither he nor any person else, heie or
elsewhere, except speaking the voice of the
House, can decide how or when he shall purge
himself of contempt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to a matter which I think
he has overlooked. If I understand the case
correctly, as it is now presented, the witness
has purged whatever contempt he may have
committed. He has answered the questions
propounded to him by the Speaker by saying
that he is now ready to appear before the com-
mittee—precisely in the language of the reso-
lution introduced by the other gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler]—and to answer
all proper questions.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Ah ! Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman hear
me through ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The witness refuses to
answer only such questions as the accused
himself judges to be proper. Thus by his sole
judgment he interposes his opinion, or his
will, or his prejudice, or his passion, or his
corruption between the power of this House
and the ends of justice; and the gentleman
from Wisconsin asks that we put into the hands
of this man, on his own testimony implicated
in the grossest corruption of the age, til e power
to stay the justice ofthe nation seeking to ascer-
tain, it' possible, by what means its authority
has been arrested.
Now, then, the answer which the witness has
made to the second question proposed by the
Speaker is evasive in that he offers to answer
all proper questions. It is not enough. The
committee, when it puts a question, speaks the
! voice of the House. The House puts the ques-
tion to the witness; it is for the time being,
until overruled by the House, the judgment of
the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman recol-
lect that the word " proper '' is in the resolu-
tion, so that the witness has answered precisely
in the language of the resolution?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understand the word
"proper." Proper, in the sense 111 which we
use the word, is the question put by the com-
mittee, which lor the time being utters the
judgment and the wish of the House: and it
is not for the witness upon tlie stand to say
that a question put by this House is an im-
proper question. He is to accept the question
as a proper one and answer it.
Mr. MORGAN. Vi ill the gentleman yield?
Mr. BOU f WELL. No, sii : I do not wish
to be interrupted at this moment, because I
want to read an authority on this point. Judge
Black was summoned before the Judiciary
