1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2591
Committee on the 14th of March, 1867. The
committee put this question to him :
" Did you prepare or have any part in the prepa-
ration of the message of the President vetoing the
bill ' to provide for the m >re efficient government ot
the rebel States' sent into the House of Representa-
tives near the close of the last session?"
To this Judge Black answers, and it is to that
that I desire to draw the attention of gentle-
men upon the other side of the House;
"There have been several communications between
the President and me entirely private and confiden-
tial, some of them relating to the sabjcct indicated
by your question. I do not think you ought to insist
upon that question. Iwish simply to enter a protest
against your right to demand an answer. I am on
record for this opinion, that a witness sworn to tes-
tily before any tribunal is bound in conscience to
answer a question which that tribunal declares he
ougbt to answer: that he is himself not the judge of
what he ought to answer and what he ought not."
That, I take it, is good law, uttered by a per-
son who, 1 suppose, is good authority upon
the other side of the House.
The Committee on the Judiciary accepted
that view of Judge Black, and also pressed
the question, and lie answered it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did the gentleman un-
derstand Judge Black to say that the commit-
tee itself was the tribunal to decide, or did he
understand him, as I did at the time, when he
answered the question in the committee, that
he submitted himself to the House, whose com-
miftee was examining him?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir; he submitted
himself to the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And if a question should
arise before the committee where a witness re-
fused to answer, would it not be the duty of
that committee to report the question to the
House, and let the House determine between
the witness and the committee, whether he
should answer it or not? This committee of
managers arbitrarily require the witness to an-
swer any and all questions, and decides the
matter without submitting it to the House, and
the witness has had no opportunity of declin-
ing to answer a question which the House rleems
proper.
Mr. BOUTWELL. We all know perfectly
well that it is for the committee to determine
what questions they will put. If the witness
chooses not to answer, of course it is not in
the power of the committee to arrest the wit-
ness ; but it is in the power of the committee
to do as we have done in this case, bring the
matter before the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why, then, I ask in all
candor, should not the House, before punish-
ing the witness for contempt, pass upon each
question and the propriety of that question,
and of the excuse which the witness renders
for not answering and the substance and suffi-
ciency of that excuse?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Of course it is not in
the power of the House to consider and de-
termine upon each question which may be put
to this witness or to any other. If the power
of the House is to be maintained, it can only be
maintained by maintaining the just authority
of its committees. 1 demand the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts allow me a few moments?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No; I do not wish to
protract debate.
Mr. MARSHALL. Allow me a very short
time. [Cries of "No!" "No!" on the Re-
publican side of the House.] I think that
courtesy will not be denied me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will hear the gentle-
man's question.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is not a question. I
just wish to make a very few remarks, which
I think will not be deemed improper by any
gentleman on the other side of the House.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. BROOKS. "Why not?
Mr. MARSHALL. Why not? I am not
in the habit of troubling the House much.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will five minutes suf-
fice?
Mr. MARSHALL. I think that will do; I
want a very few minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I take it
for granted that neither the gentleman from
Massachusetts nor the House is disposed to
make this House an instrument of oppression
or to deprive any*citizen of the United States
of his constitutional rights and privileges. I
deny that the witness—a gentleman whom I
do not know personally, and never saw until
he appeared here to-day—has placed himself
in contempt of the House, and I say that it
would be an act of oppression 011 the part of
the House to proceed against him at this time
as for a contempt.
What are the facts as shown by the man-
agers and by the witness himself? Certain
questions were propounded to him which he
thought, and which I think, were improper,
and which 110 citizen ought to be compel led
to answer in regard to his own private affairs,
unless the inquiry is in relation to some mat-
ter properly under investigation before them
at the time.
But believing that to be his constitutional
privilege to refuse to answer these questions,
he did not, as shown by his answer, act in a
factious spirit or place himself in contempt of
the House, or even of the committee, but sub-
mitted a respectful protest and asked that that
protest be brought before the House, stating
to the committee at the same time that he
would submit to the direction of the House in
regard thereto.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman yield
for a moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. I have but a few words
more to say.
Mr. BUTLER. For a question merely.
Mr. MARSHALL. Very well.
Mr. BUTLER. Where is the evidence that
the protest was submitted to the committee, or
asked to be laid before the House?
Mr. MARSHALL. The evidence is con-
tained in the answer of the witness made here
to-day, which answer is not denied by the
managers, and I imagine will not be. This
witness submitted a respectful protest, stating
that all the funds in his possession were used
by him in his own private business and with-
out any relation whatever to the impeachment,
question before the Senate, that they were
used without any reference thereto whatever,
and that he deemed it improper for the com-
mittee to investigate his private affairs, and
claimed his rights under the Constitution and
laws of the United States in regard thereto.
But the witness also said to the committee
that he wished to have the question submitted
to the House, and that he would submit to the
direction of the House. How could he in any
more respectful manner raise a question as to
his rights and privileges in the premises.
Now, where is the contempt of the House or
of its committee in all that? What has tins
witness done to give this House the right to
order him into custody as a prisoner of this
House? 1 say that the managers have wholly
failed to show any contempt 011 the part of the
witness, and that the retaining of the witness
any longer, or to order him into custody until
he has shown himself in contempt of the House
and has refused to obey the directions of the
House, would be an act of oppression which
ought to condemn the House as guilty of an
act most unjust, arbitrary, and oppressive,
and every American citizen should rise up and
protest against such tyranny on the part of the
House. When you have decreed that he must
answer any and every question in regard to his
private affairs, whether such decision be cor-
rect or not, and he has refused to do so, then
he will be in contempt of the House, and not
until then. He has not yet placed himself in
any such position.
I ask gentlemen on all sides of the House
not to commit themselves to an act which would
be so unjust, and which on reflection they
themselves must condemn. This is all I have
to say, and I have said it in no captious spirit,
but in justice to the House, and for the pur-
f pose of inducing members to reflect before
i committing themselves to an act not justified
11 by precedent or principle, and which, in my
judgment, is a inost dangerous, arbitrary, and
J: alarming invasion of the rights of an American
!| citizen.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman from
i| Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweli,] yield to me for
,j five minutes?
;| Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield further.
t| Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope this House will
not order a man to be imprisoned during the
rest of the session without allowing him to be
heard.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious -question upon the resolution of Mr.
Boutwell.
Mr. DR1GGS. I ask that the second answer
of the witness to-day be read.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. Let the whole answer be
read.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I canhot yield for that.
Mr. DRIGGS. My object in asking to have .
that answer again read is simply to see whether
the witness agrees to answer such questions as
he himself deems to be proper, or such ques-
tions as the committee may deem proper.
The answer of the witness was read.
Mr. Woollet [at the bar of the House]
then said : Mr. Speaker, I ask leave to make a
statement to the House.
The SPEAKER. The witness at the bar
asks, through the Speaker, permission to make
a statement.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. Woolley. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that I expect to answer such questions as the
House may judge to be proper.
Mr. BOUTWELL. it is only necessary to
say that that is substantially 
Mr. Woolley. In other words. Mr. Speaker,
if the committee and myself differ as to the
propriety of a question. 1 will ask them, as I
did on my first examination,'to bring me to
the bar of the House and ask the order of the
House upon it, and I will abide by the order
of the House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. This House must, see
that its power, through its committees, will be
at an end if a person summoned as a witness
may demand and receive from the House an
arrangement which will destroy the just author-
ity of the committee, and render every eftort
at investigation utterly useless ; for whatever
may be demanded and received by this witness
may be demanded and received by any otlier
witness that any other committee of this House
may call before it. I insist upon the previous
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for 8, moment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Nc, sir ; I insist 011 the
call for the previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 75, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; which was
on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BOYER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wastakens; and itwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 28, not vot-
ing 80 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, JamesM.
Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman,Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Bout well, Brom well. Broom all, Butler, Cake, Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Dodge, Dunnelly, Driggs, Ela, Kliot, Perii<«,
Ferry, Fi,elds, Gartield, Ilalsey, Harding, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins,Chester I). Hubbard. Hunter, J udtl,
.Julian, Kelsey, Keteharu,Ivoontz, Lafiin, George Y.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Maliory.
iUaynard, McCarthy, MeGjurg, jlereur, Moore,
Moorhead, Morreli, Myers, Xeweomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine. Perham, Pike, Plants, Pol^ley, Kaum, Sawyer,
Scofield. Starkweather, Aaron P. Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn. Kobeit
T. Van Horn, Ward, Kiiliu B. Washburue, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas "Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Windom—81.
