1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
notice which Congress received of the Presi-
dent's change of purpose was contained in his
first annual message-' of December 4, 1865.
i Minority Report, 78-81.)
Mr. \\ 1LSON, of Iowa. I should like to
ask the gentleman a question here, and it is j
this: if the President of the Lnited States, in
the reorganization of the rebel States, had
imposed upon them and exacted from them ,
all the conditions which the Congress of the ;
United States had prescribed, would the gen-
tleman stand here to-day and demand his ;
impeachment for so doing? !
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chair- j
man, in the case stated by my friend, the able J
and distinguished chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, I would stand here to-day and
say the President had been guihy of usurpa-
tion. Congress has again and again affirmed,
as has the gentleman from Iowa, that the Pres-
ident had no power to take one of the steps he
has taken for the reorganization of the govern-
ments of these rebel States. I therefore say
that he is guilty of usurpation ; but if the Pres-
ident had submitted his work to the approval
of Congress, stating that what he had done
was unauthorized, but that it had been done
for the purpose of submitting it to our ap-
proval, 1 am not prepared to say in that view
of the case that I would regard him as I now
do. But that is not the case we are now con-
sidering. I am urging impeachment on a dif-
ferent state of facts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand the
gentleman is contending for principle; and I
submit that he has not answered my question.
It may be I did not submit it clearly, or he has
misapprehended it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Iowa state the question again ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 did not ask him
what Congress would have done if the Presi-
dent had submitted his acts for approval, but
1 did ask whether if the President had insisted
that the rebel States should do all that Con-
gress demanded at their hands he would now
ask this House to proceed with the impeach-
ment of the President for so doing.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
that question does not arise now, because the
President has done no such thing; and I am
urging impeachment upon the facts as they are,
and not the hypothetical case put by the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
will pardon me. If the President had done
what I have suggested his exercise of power,
usurped power, would have been much greater
than it has been in his dealing with these rebel
States; and I ask the gee tleman whether, if he
would not be prepared to demand his impeach-
ment for the exercise of greater power, why
does he demand it in the exercise of less?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I am willing to give my opinion on the hypo-
thetical case suggested. I stand in my place
to-day to say that if the President had usurped
the great powers of Congress, as suggested,
even though for a legitimate purpose and to
accomplish a result which Congress desired, I
would vote for his impeachment and removal
from office, for he would be in that event a
usurper unworthy the support of Congress or
of anybody. Is the gentleman answered ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I should like to
know, in the light of the answer the gentleman
has made, howjie can justify his vote in favor
of the indemnity bill passed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress? ,
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The indemnity
bill, Mr. Chairman, was designed to give valid-
ity to acts which were clamed to be legal with-
out it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir. *
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir. It
was to indemnify officers of the United States
against suits in courts that might differ with us
in opinion and hold that the acts of those offi-
cers were unauthorized. The indemnity bill
established no new law. It was, in my view,
simply declaratory of what the law was with-
out it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman whether the indemnity act does not,
in its terms, go beyond the officers to whom he
has referred—whether it does not expressly
confirm and ratify all the acts of the President
that were embraced within its terms?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir; cer-
tainly it does. And the President did no act
confirmed by that law, as I now remember it,
which would not have been valid without it.
But the acts validated, if they were validated
by that law, were not acts of usurpation such
as the gentleman has described, or such as those
of which Andrew Johnson has been guilty.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman whether some of the acts embraced
within the terms of the indemnity act had not
prior to its passage been pronounced unlawful
and unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of
the United States.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the Supreme Court of the United States has
made more than one decision which I do not
believe to be good law. And besides that, I
will say to the gentleman from Iowa I do not
claim that for every illegal exercise of power
it would be the duty of this House to present
articles 6f impeachment against the officer
guilty of it. This House, by parliamentary
law and usage, may prefer articles of impeach-
ment, may carry them to trial and conviction
before the Senate, and at that point may cease
the prosecution and decline to ask the Senate
to render judgment; and the Senate can then
render no judgment. The House can thus in
| its discretion exercise-clemency in the nature
of a pardoning power. I conceive that there
may be, especially during a terrible rebellion,
somft illegal acts not endangering any great
right of the nation, and yet committed under
circumstances which would properly demand
that we should not prefer articles of impeach-
ment, or if we preferred them for the purpose
of settling a principle, that we would be justi-
fied, nevertheless, in not going the whole
length of demanding conviction and judgment.
Cases might arise where it would be proper
for Congress to indemnify officers against the
consequences of even acknowledged illegal
acts. Congress might do this, and at the same
time impeach to vindicate a principle.
Mr. Chairman, I resume again the line of
argument which I had marked out for myself.
When the President declared that his meas-
ures of reconstruction were " subject to the
decision of Congress" he conceded his usurp-
ation of the law-making power of the nation,
and no assent of advisers could relieve him of
his deliberate and acknowledged overthrow of
the Constitution. But his advisers were in-
duced to believe that his original purpose was to
submit all to " the approval of Congress;" and
their acquiescence is no apology for him if he
never entertained such purpose, or having en-
tertained it afterward abandoned it to accom-
plish a criminal purpose, built upon the work
to which they assented. It is legitimate to
infer from his subsequent acts that his ori-
ginal purpose was to consummate his scheme
regardless of Congress. If he only contem-
plated temporary governments, for what pur-
pose did his proclamations require his provis-
ional governments to create State govern ments ?
The testimony proves that the original purpose
of the President was to restore the rebels to
power. (Evidence, page 781, of Stanley Mat-
thews.) But the crime of the President does
not stop here. Congress has repeatedly af-
I firmed and the Supreme Court has determined
that—
" Under the Constitution it rests with Congress to
decide what government is the established one in a
State ; for as the United States guaranties to each
State a republican government Congress must ne-
cessarily decide what government is established in a
State before it can determine whether it is republican
or not."—7 Howard, 1.
With full knowledge of this the President
has himself decided the creations of his own
usurpation to be the lawful and established
governments in these States, and treated them
as such. And all this was without the assent
and against the declared opinions of General
Grant and Secretary Stanton that the State
governments set up by the President should be
tempoiary and could not legally continue—
"Any longer than until Congress would meet, and
either ratify or establish some other form of govern-
ment;"
And that—
" The whole subject of reconstruction, and the rela-
tion of a State to the Federal Government,, is subject
I to the controlling power of Congress"—Evidence,
; pp. 835, 406.
• the defense.
i But the minority report suggests as a defense
that—
" The reconstruction policy of the President cannot
succeed except through an approval by Congress.
Such an approval would destroy every element of
crime involved in it; for it would then be the act of
the Government of the United States. If it do not
receive the sanction of Congress iffc&nnot present a
j perfected crime. The present Congress will continue
until the close of the President's term of office. It
i will not approve his plan—success in his alleged
I: crime is thus rendered impossible."
Mr. Chairman, the fault may be mine, but I
cannot perceive either wisdom, logic, or law
in this entire proposition. It holds success or
failure in usurpation alike guiltless. It main-
tains that if an end is accomplished by an
acceptance or ratification secured through the
influence of power, patronage, the force of
circumstances, or the difficulties of avoiding or
rejecting it, all the illegal means employed to
i attain it are sanctifietj though never approved.
Though every penal code of the civilized world
defines as crime every unsuccessful assault
upon the person with intent to commit a fel-
ony, yet according to this logic an unsuccessful
attempt to subvert the Constitution is in the
law of impeachment alike sacred and guiltless.
It holds that success in crime removes its guilt
and its penalties, while failure incurs neither.
It makes usurpation the most desirable and
least hazardous of all official acts.
It is enough to say that every step the Pres-
ident has taken in his scheme of reconstruc-
tion is itself a "perfected crime" which no
palliation can excuse and no logic justify.
forbearance of congbess no justification.
Finally on this subject the minority report
concludes that—
"However wrong or unlawful the acts of tho
President in the creation of those governments may
be regarded"— •
he cannot be impeached, and so—
"held criminally responsible in the presence of their
permissive existence by Congress, and the use to
which it has put the results of his improper and ille-
gal acts."
The logic of this is that "improper and ille-
gal acts" are not impeachable if they come
under such false pretenses or are of such
appalling magnitude as to wring from Con-
gress a temporary "permissive existence;" or
if briefly employed by Congress to right the
wrongs they inflict!
These usurpations commenced on the 29th
of May, 1865. By law Congress could not
assemble until December 4, unless sooner con-
vened by the President. He misled the people
and quieted their fears by assuring them his
policy was "an experiment" "subject to the
power of Congress." (Report of Carl Schurz,
with President's message, December 18,1S65;
Senate Executive Documant 26, first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress, pages 60, 105; Senate
Executive Document 2, first session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, page 2.)
When Congress met, the illegal governments
were in operation; but they have never yet
been recognized by Congress as valid. For
more than a year Congress ^sought by "consti-
tutional amendments," by the "civil rights
bill," and other measures, to affix terms and
conditions which would lead to the ultimate
modification and ratification of the illegal gov-
ernments.
At last, by the "reconstruction acts" of
