1861]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
6*
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
President's Message—Mr. Johnson.
Sen atm.
Mr. President, this detail of the origin and
subsequent history of the Constitution I have
troubled the Senate with, because, in my judg-
ment, it bears immediately upon the question
before us, and which I proceed now to examine.
The resolution states, substantially, that the
expressions in the President's message, quoted
in the resolution of the honorable member, are
in conflict with the constitutional rights and
authority of Congress, transcend his consti-
tutional prerogatives, and are calculated to
excite resistance to the laws; and almost inti-
mates that they were so designed. Now wjiat
are the facts ? or rather, what is the Constitu-
tion in its bearing upon the inquiry? In ex-
press terms the powers conferred upon the
legislative department of the Government are
stated to be only those that are delegated in
the first article. In the second place, the
powers conferred upon the Executive by the
second article are, as stated in the very begin-
ning of that article, "the executive power"
of the Government, without any detail of the
subjects upon which such power is to be
exerted, as in the case in relation to the legisla-
tive department. And, in the third article,
relating to the judicial department, only such
cases are submitted as are specially enumer-
ated. With regard, then, to the legislative
and judicial departments, the powers vested
in them are to be found in the articles consti-
tuting them. With regard to the executive
department, the question as to the extent of
its power depends upon the fact whether the
power in question in its nature is executive,
and not restricted by some of the express guar-
antees or prohibitions in the Constitution.
But the President is not only invested with
the executive power in general terms, but he is
made a partaker in the legislation of the country;
not invested with the authority to originate, but
with the power to approve or to reject; and
no law passed by Congress in the contingency
of his failing to approve is of any validity
unless passed by the majority which the Con-
stitution provides for such a case—two thirds.
He has also the power (and so far the execu-
tive authority which would belong to him in
the absence of that provision is limited) to
negotiate treaties and appoint officers, subject
only to the approval of the Senate. Further,
the sole responsibility under which lie is placed
with regard to the Congress of the United States
is that if he commits treason or bribery or
other high crimes and misdemeanors he may
be impeached by the House of Representatives,
a majority voting to that end, and be tried by the
Senate sitting in a judicial capacity, presided
over by the Chief Justice of the United States,
and is by the Constitution considered to be inno-
cent unless upon such a trial he is convicted
by two thirds of its members. And, lastly,
ho is to continue ill ofiice for a period of
four 3"ear,'), clothed with the entire business
of negotiating with foreign Governments, of
watching over the interests of all the people
of all the States, elected by the people of all
the States, (if that can be accomplished,)
bound to see that the Constitution and laws
of the United "States are faithfully executed;
and he is from time to time when Congress
shall have assembled, to communicate to them
the condition of the country, and to advise such
measures as he may deem necessary to promote
the common interest and the general welfare.
Now what has he done? What are called
the military reconstruction bills did not receive
his approval. He was not bound to approve
them. It wouldhavebeen a clear dereliction of
duty if he had approved them with the opinion
which we have no right to suppose he did not
sincerely entertain. lie therefore objected,
and his objections were overruled by the major-
ity which tho Constitution requires. Tn the
messages transmitted to Congress accompany-
ing his disapproval of those bills he assigned as
a reason not only that they were unconstitu-
tional, in conflict with tho sovereign rights of
the States upon which they were to operate, but
also inconsistent and fatal to the guarantied
rights of the individual citizens within their
limits, and would prove in their effect to be
seriously mischievous. It is not for us to say
that he did this in any captious spirit, or from
any other motive than the same motive which
the honorable member from Missouri has told
us governed him in propounding this resolu-
tion—a sense of duty.
When the bills were, passed, objectionable
in his judgment both upon grounds of consti-
tutionality and expediency, he had to decide
whether it was not his duty to see to their exe-
cution. That duty he met. At the earliest
moment that he could take a step looking to
that end he appointed for each of the military
districts commanders, and selected them from
the most gallant and patriotic officers of the
Army. I knew it was apprehended, as I had
some reason to believe, by some members of
this body who hadnottheconfidencein thePres-
ident that I had, and still have, that he would
not execute these laws. Their fears have proved
to be unfounded. They have been executed.
No man, as I think, can successfully lay his
hand upon a single fact which demonstrates
that he had any other intention than to see to
their faithful execution. It is possible he may
have misapprehended their meaning ; he may
have put upon them an interpretation which
Congress, or a majority of Congress, may think
erroneous; but that he gave to them a mean-
ing and ail interpretation which he believed
they were alone capable of I think will not be
denied by any gentleman of this body who is
sensible, as 1 trust we all arc, of the courtesy
which belongs to the coordinate departments of
the Government.
A year passes. We assembled on tho 2d of
the present month. The practical operation
of these laws he from day to day had wit-
nessed, or rather had understood by inform-
ation upon which he had a right to rely. His
constitutional opinions on the subject of their
validity communicated by him to Congress
when they passed had undergone no change.
What was he to do? If he was right consti-
tutionally in sending to us his message stating
the grounds upon which he disapproved of
such laws, which are substantially the same as
those stated in the message, a portion of which
it is now proposed to censure, it was his right,
and, in iny opinion, his clear duty, to restate
them. And, if he believed that their operation
had proved disastrous to the country, it was
also his duty to communicate that opinion to
Congress.
The honorable member from Missouri, I think,
would have been much better employed (if he
will pardon me for using such words in refcrencc
to any conduct of his) if, instead of offering a
resolution to censure the President, he had in
debate attempted to answer the message. It
would indeed have been a harder task, and have
required all the ability of the honorable mem-
ber, than to draft a resolution censuring the
President; but it would have been more in
accordance, in my view, with his duty as a Sen-
ator, and to the obligation which he owes to the
people of the United States, if, instead of cen-
suring, he had replied and demonstrated, if he
could, the errors into which the President, as he
supposes, had fallen. That message is before
the people of the country. The President and
those who differ with him in regard to the doc-
trines which it contains are now in the presence
of that high tribunal, to be judged as it may
think proper; and the President, judging from
the signs of the times, has 110 particular reason
to be apprehensive of the result.
But, if his doctrines would imperil the safety
of the country or hazard the rights of any of
our people, it is our duty, such of us as may so
think, to let that be known in the debates in
this Chamber; to answer and notoensure him.
Answer him, the people will say, not—I was
about to use a word which perhaps I ought not
to use—not villify him. Answer him by prov-
ing that the measures are constitutional; that
we had a right to adopt them; and, that done,
an intelligent and patriotic people will say to
us, "You are right: the President is wrong:
your conduct we will approve: his we will dis-
approve, and by disapproving censure."
But, Mr. President, the honorable member
throughout his speech spoke of the legislative
department as clothed with supreme authority.
Supreme in what? Supreme over'what? Not
in regard to the Executive; not over the Exec-
utive. He is as entirely independent of that
department when he moves within the sphere
of his own functions as we are independent of
him when we move within our legitimate sphere.
We have no more right to censure him ia
terms of reproach, assailing his character as a
man or an officer, than he has the right to cen-
sure us, to assail our characters as men and
officers of a common constituency.
I do not think, sir, I oan be mistaken in my
recollection, but I believe the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri held in high esteem and was
a constant supporter of that man wko had so
strong a hold on the affections of the Ameri-
can people, once tho President of the United
States, Andrew Jackson.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
was not I should be glad to have him so state.
Mr. DRAKE. I was not a supporter of
General Jackson.
Mr. JOHNSON. At any time?
Mr. DRAKE. At any time; thoagh if I
had known as much in those days as I know
now perhaps I might have been.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. But it would have been, if
the honorable member will permit me to say
so, because he was an invincible champion of
the Union and the deadly foe of the very doc-
ritie which the honorable Senator is now pro-
claiming on this floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I learn that for the
first time. I rather think that the reading of
my honorable friend from Missouri has heen
more affected during the last eight or ten years
than mine has been by impaired sight.
Mr. DRAKE. Does the honorable Sena-
tor remember his proclamation against South
Carolina nullification?
Mr. JOHNSON. Perfectly.
Mr. DRAKE. There, sir, is all the doc-
trine that I am contending for.
Mr. JOHNSON. And I remember his veto
of the United States Bank bill; and over and
above all, his protest against the authority of the
Senate to pass a resolution censuring him for
an act of his as President of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. Not, if the honorable mem-
ber please, an act done by him toward the
Senate of the United States, but outside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
Senator from Maryland give way to the inter-
ruption ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I give way, sir, to any
interruption. It only lengthens, perhaps, the
time that 1 should otherwise tax the patience
of the Senate; but if the honorable member
has any explanation to make from time to time
I hope he will not hesitate in asking permis-
sion to make it. Certainly, as far as I am con-
cerned, it will be granted.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg tho honorable Sena-
tor's pardon for interrupting him at all. I did
not wish to do it, and would not have done it
but that the honorable Senator called upon me,
and this little dialogue ensued.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to it. The
relations between the honorable member and
myself are such—and I am glad to say they are
equally friendly with every member of the
body—that he never will receive at my hands
anything but what will be most cheerfully ren-
dered, the greatest courtesy.
Mr. DR \ KB. Nor you from me any other.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not doubt it.
Now Mr President, tho foundation upon
which 'this resolution rests, if it has any, is,
