2592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
NATS—Messrs. Adams, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Gary,
Eldridgc, Uel , (yiossbrenner, Uolhtday, Grover,
Haisrkt, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCormiek, Moigan, Nicholson, Phelps,
Prujn, Randall, lioss.Sitgrcaves, Taber, Lawrence S.
Trimble, and Van Trump—28.
Ivor VOTINU—Messrs. Anderson, Archcr, Bclos
I . A&hlcy, AxteU, Bailey. ISaker, -Banks, Barnes,
Barnam, I3eatty, Beck, Benjamin, Blair, Buoklaud,
(Jhanler, Cook, Cotrrell, Cullom, l)awes%L)ixoti, Lek-
ley, Eggleston, Farnswoith, Finney, Fox, Gravely,
Gricwoid, Hawkins, Hill, llolman, Asakel W. Hub-
bard, Richard I>. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey,
lngersoll, Jenoke< l£elley, Kitchen,Lincoln, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marvin, MeCuUough, MilleiyMor-
rissey, Muliins, Mungen, JS'iblack, Nunn. 1 ctcrs,
Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Prior, Robertson, Itobinson,
Aukeiu Van Wyck,(Jadwa!arterO. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, William Williams, James F. \vi>on,
Stephen F. WUmjii, 'W ood, Woodbiklgc, and W oou-
waid—SO.
So the resolution of Mr. Boutwejx whs
agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELLi moved to reconsider the
vot.e justtaken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
Mr. BOYER. I submit the following reso-
lution, which I believe to be privileged :
Raoloed, That two members of the House of Rep-
resentatives who voted against the impeachment of
the President of tlie United States bo adde<l, by
appointment of the Speaker, to the cofflmiuco au-
thorized to investigate thealleged corruptmllueiiccs
employed to intluenccthe determination of the Ben-
ate upon the impeachment of the President.
The SPEAK Ell. The Chair rules, in accord-
ance with his former ruling, that this resolu-
tion, relating to the question now before the
House, is privileged. It can therefore be en-
tertained, subject to the rules of the House.
Mr. BOYTll',. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the resolution
he laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 51, not vot-
ing 78 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos It.
Ashley. James M. Ashley, Beaman, Benton, Blaine,
Boutivell, Bromwcli, broomaU,iSutler, Cake, Church-
ill, Itcader \V\ Clarltc, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Covode,
Bonueliy. Brings, 101a, Feiri^, Fields, Ilaiduisr. C'hes-
ter B. Hubbard, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Koontz, Wil-
liam L.nvreuee, Loan, Logan, Mallory, Maynard,
JleCartliy, JleUlurfE, ilereur,lloore, Aloorhead.Mor-
rell, eweomb, O'A' eiil, Paine, Per ham. Pile, Plants,
ltaiuu, Sawyer, Scolield, SIaiKweather. Stokes, Tiow-
bridfre, Upson, Hurt Van Horn, Robert T. Vaniiorn,
\Vafij, Wolker, X nomas \\'illia.ms, U'iliiam Williams,
and \Ymdom-—6U.
NAVS—Me.-srs. Adams, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Blair, Hoy er, Urooks. Purr, C.u-y, ihiwes, Bixon, Lld-
ridge, Jiliot, Ferry, (iarheld, Getz. Glossbrenner, Gol-
lactay, Grover, Iiaight, Jligby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoil, Jenckcs, Johnson, Jone.-.Keicham, Knott,
Ballm, Marshall, Marvin, MeCormiek, McCullough,
Morgan, Nicholson, Orel), Phelps, Pike, Poland,
Pruyn, itandall, Robertson, Jloss, Sitgreaves, Taber,
Tafle, Lawience S. Trimble, Van Trump, Llihu li.
AVashburne, and Wiit:am B. Washburn—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Axtell,
Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham, Buokland, Chanter, Unburn, Cook, Coi-
noll, Cullom, Dodge, Eekley, Kguleston, Farnsworth,
Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hawkins,
Hill. Jlolman,Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Bichard
b. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, K el ley, Kclsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lough-
ndge, Lynch, iliiler, Jlorrissey, Mullins, Jlungen,
Myers, Niblack, JSunn, Peters, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, llobinson, Sclienek, Selye, Shanks, Shellabar-
ger, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, StonefTaylor,Thomas, JohnTrim-
ble, Twichell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van Wyek,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry 1). Washburn,
James F'. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F\ Wilson,
Wood, Woodbridgo, and Woodward—78.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BUTLEII. I withdraw it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannotdo
so, as he did not vote with the majority.
LEAVE Of .VBSB.VCE.
Leave oi absence was granted indefinitely to
Mr. Johnson, Mr. Anderson, Mr. Cake, and
Mr. Kelsev.
sumerers by raid on washington.
On motion of the SPEAKER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House, on leaving copies, the
papers of the sufferers by the rebel raid on
Washington in July, 1864.
national banks again.
Mr. RANDALL. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House adopted
a resolution offered by me yesterday, in ref-
erence to the national banks.
The SPEAKER. That can only be called
up by the gentleman from Massachusetts, who
moved it, and on some other day.
indian octllaohs in texas.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
of the acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
relative to recent outrages by certain tribes on
citizens of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
subsistence of indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a communication
from Lieutenant General Sherman, relative to
subsistence of certain Indian tribes by the War
Department for a time : which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
quartermaster's department contracts.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with law, a statement of contracts made
by the quartermaster's department for the
month of April, 1SG8 ; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
order or business.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. PILE. What becomcs of the morning
hour?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce is the first committee to
be called.
The SPEAKER. After the pending bill
from the Committee of Claims shall have been
disposed of 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce are not prepared to go
on at this late hour, and I hope the motion to
go into committee will prevail.
spanish indemnity.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested, if not inconsistent with the public in-
terest, to inform the House what measures have been
taken to obtain indemnity from the Spanish Gov-
ernment for spoliations on the commeice of Ameri-
can citizens during the late war with the South
American republics, and to transmit to this House
any correspondence which may have taken place on
this subject between the United States and the Span-
ish Government.
rights under treaties.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1119) to
restore to certain parties their rights under cer-
tain treaties and laws of the United States;
which was read u first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I now ask for the vote on
my motion, and pending that I move that all
general debate in Committee of the Whole ou
the state of the Union shall terminate in thirty
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The motion to go into committee was then
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole oa the state of the
Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,) and jesurned
the consideration of House bill No. 1073, mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1869.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 move that the first read-
ing for information be dispensed with.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
The Clerk resumed the first reading of the
bill at the point where he left off when the
committee rose on a former day when the same
was under consideration, but before complet-
ing the reading,
Mr. BROOKS said: I withdraw my objec-
tion to dispensing with the first reading, with
the understanding that we may adjourn and
comc prepared to act upon it to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not propose to press
it to a vote to-day.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to have it
read at, length if I can take it home with me
and examine it in detail.
Mr. BUTLER. But to-morrow I may be
met with an objection from somebody else.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee may,
by unanimous consent, have an understanding
on the subject-
Mr. BROOKS. I will consent to waive the
further reading with the understanding that the
committee now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the further
reading be dispensed with.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Is that with the under-
standing that the committee shall rise ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot put
the additional motion, but the committee can
understand it as they please.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I shall object.
Mr. BROOKS. Unanimous consent will be
given. •
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the further reading of the bill will be dispensed
with. The Chair hears none.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now move that the
committee rise.
'The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Bi.aine re-
ported that the Committee of the W hole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being House bill
No. 107y, making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes tor the year
ending 30th June, 180'.). and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.j
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees ;
By Mr. BALDAVIN : The petition of Ethan
Allen, of Worcester, Massachusetts, for com-
pensation for the use, by the Go\eiument of
the United States, of certain machine.-, in-
vented by him, and of which he owns the
patent right.
By Mr. BOYER : The petition of 11 iron-
workers at Limerick Station, Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing,
to foreign competition their industry is greatly
