184:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
March 2, March 23, and July 20, 1867, these
governments are declared "illegal," divested
of the character they assumed of State gov-
ernments, are given a " permissive existence "
as "provisional governments" only, but sub-
ject to military control, ^mtil new, valid, and
legal governments shall be established as
therein provided.
And this is alleged to operate as a pardon
of the impeachable crimes of the President !
The utter fallacy of this defense must be mani-
fest when there is no pretense that, by the
Constitution, statute or common law, or par-
liamentary usage, the power of impeachment
is lost by mere lapse oftime or by any use the
law-making power may make of the results of
usurpations.
lincoln's policy.
It has been intimated that President John-
son onlv carried out the plan of reconstruction
of President Lincoln. But this is effectually dis-
proved by the^vidence. President Lincoln only
appointed one provisional governor—Edward
Stanley—for North Carolina, May 19, 1862,
and who resigned January 9, 1803, without
attempting to set up any State government.
But this led to the act of Congress of February
9, 1863, designed to prohibit the appointment
or payment of such officers, (\olume 59,
Globe, 2447, 2596 ; volume 61, Globe, 1862-03,
page 5G5 ; volume 60, Globe, 3091, 3138; Con-
stitution, article two, section two, clause
two.)
President Lincoln afterward assigned brig-
adier generals to duty as military governors,
charged with raising troops and other military
services. They were not authorized to call
conventions or organize governments, but that
was left to be the voluntary work of the loyal
people. (Speech of Lawrence in House, July
20, 1867; House Reports 16, second session
Thirty-Ninth Congress; House Miscellaneous
Document 55, first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress; Evidence, 885, 725, &c.)
Mr. Lincoln never had decided on or sub-
mitted to his Cabinet '' any plan for the reor-
ganization of the rebel States." (Evidence,
404, 378; Lincoln's speech, April 11,1865.)
But President Johnson appointed provis-
ional governors, to hold during his pleasure,
in violation of the Constitution, which limits
appointments to '' offices established by law.''
He fixed their salaries by his will and paid
them out of the Treasury in violation of law, or
by taxes illegally assessed from the people.
(Act of February 9, lf^3; 12 United States
Statutes, 646, section two; Senate Executive
Document 26, first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, pages 11, 3; Evidence, pages 40, 373,
C98; Constitution, article two, section two,
clause two.)
The President in his last annual message
denounces the " military reconstruction acts"
as unconstitutional, because they assume—
"To dictatowhat alterations shall be made in the
constitutions of the several States; to control the
elections of State legislators and Stateofficers, mem-
bers of Congress and electors of President and Vice
President by arbitrarily declaring who shall vote and
wkoshall bo excluded from that privilege; todissolve
State Legislatures or prevent them from assembling;
to dismiss judges and other civil functionaries of the
State, and appoint others without regard to State
law; to organize and operate all the political ma-
chinery of the States; to regulate the whole adinin-
" istration of their domestio and local affairs accord-
ing to the mere will of strange and irresponsible
agents, sent among them for that purpose—these are
powers not granted to the Federal Government or to
any one of its branches. Not beinggranted, we vio-
late our trust by assuming them as palpably as we
would by acting in the face of apositiveinterdict; for
the Constitution forbids us to dowhatever itdoesnot
affirmatively authorize either by express words or by
clear implication. If the authority we desire to use
does not come to us through the Constitution, we can
exercise it only by usurpation; and usurpation is the
most dangerous of political crimes."
Yet these are the high crimes of which the
President himself has been guilty. (Impeach-
ment Evidence 701, 966; Senate Executive
Document 26, first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress ; House Executive Document 68, second
session Thirty-Ninth Congress, page 8; House
Report 16, second session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, page 16; McPherson's Political Manual
for 1866-67, pages 16, 17.)* _
Congress has done and is doing by authority
of the Constitution and laws what the Presi-
dent did without and in violation of all law,
and in the face of that eternal truth proclaimed
by the great Bnrke, that there does not exist—
" In all the human race a power to make the gov-
ernment of any State dependent upon individual
will."—7 Burke's Works, 486. volume 1, supplement.
one or the chief crimes.
Chief among the crimes against the Consti-
tution and laws, then, are these: that on the
"extraordinary occasion" presented by the
surrender of the rebel, armies, the President
refusing to "convene both Houses of Con-
gress," in order that he might usurp powers
exclusively belonging to them, created the office
of provisional governor, defined its duties, and
imposed their performance on men holding by
the tenure of his pleasure on a salary fixed by
his will and paid in violation of law:
That he instituted a military or provisional
government through the agency of unauthorized
* The following official telegraphic correspondence
shows the soope of the proclamation of April 2.1866,
in the opinion of the President:
Augusta, Geobgia, April 7,1866.
, Major General O. O. IIowakd:
Does the President's recent proclamation remove
martial law in this State? If so. General Brannan
does not feel authorized to arrest parties who have
committed outrages on freed people or Union refu-
gees. Please answer by telegraphy
Brigadier General of V olunteere.
Anncer.
Adjutant General's Oj-fice, War Department,
Washington, April 17,1866.
The President's proclamation does not remove mar-
tial law, or operate in any way upon the Freedmen's
Bureau in the exorcise of its legitimate jurisdiction.
It is not expedient, however, to resort to military
tribunal in any case where justice can bo attained
through the medium of civil authority.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
To Governor Worth, of North Carolina.
Washington, D. C., April 27,1866.
To Governor Worth: lam directed by the Pres-
ident, to intormyou that by his proclamation of April
2,1866, it was not intended to interfere with military
commissions at that time or previously organized, or
trials then pending before such commissions, unless
by special instructions the accused were to be turned
over to the civil authorities. GeneratRuger has been
instructed to proceed with the trial to which you re-
fer; but before the execution of any sentence ren-
dered by said commi«sion, to report all the proceed-
ings to the War Department for examination and
revision. There has been an order this day prepared,
and which will soon bo issued, which will relieve and
settle all embarrassment growing out of a miscon-
struction of the proclamation, of which I will send
you a copy. _ EDMUND COOPER,
Acting Private Secretary to the President.
Order in Relation to Trials by Military Courts and
Commissions.
[General Orders, No. 26.]
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, May 1, 1866.
Whereas some military commanders are embar-
rassed by doubts as to the operation of the procla-
mation of the President, dated the 2d day of April,
1866, upon trials by military courts-martial and mili-
tary olfenses, to remove such doubts it is ordered by
the President that—
Hereafter, "Whenever offenses committed by civil-
ians are to be tried where civil tribunals are in exist-
ence which can try them, their cases are not author-
ized to be, and will not be, brought before military
courts-martial or commissions, but will be committed
to the proper civil authorities. This order is not
applicable to camp-followers, as provided for under
the sixtieth article of war, or to contractors and
others specified in section sixteen, act of July 17,
1862, and sections one and two, act of March 2, 1863.
Persons and offenses cognizable by the Rules and
Articles of War, and by the acts of Congress above
cited, will continue to bo tried and punished by mili-
tary tribunals as prescribed by the Rules and Arti-
cles of W ar and acts of Congress hereinafter cited,
to-wit:
I Sixtieth of the Rules - and Articles of War. All
sutlers and retainers to the camp, and all persons
1 whatsoever serving with the armies of the United
States in the field, though not enlisted soldiers, are
I to be subject to orders according to the rules and
discipline of war. *******
i By order of the Secretary of War:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
I Assistant Adjutant General.
civil officers in seven States, not merely for pur-
poses of military government but to usurp the
rightful and exclusive power of Congress of
establishing civil governments:
That by such unauthorized agencies he es-
tablished civil State governments in seven
States without the sanction of the people or
the authority of Congress:
That notwithstanding Congress steadily re-
fused to recognize or ratify such illegal State
governments "the President by repeated acts
declared them established in conformity with
the Constitution and recognized them as such."
And though it is impossible now to present
all the evidence taken by the Committee on the
Judiciary, yet it proves that the President
abused his lawful powers to accomplish his
usurpations and make them successful. His
military power, the veto power, the power of
appointment to and removal from office, the
powerof amnesty and pardon were all degraded
to accomplish his ends. For the same purpose
he refused to ftithfully execute the laws for the
punishment of treason and surrendered to
1 rebels the nation's property of the value of
many million dollars.
magnitude of the crimes.
These are crimes of no small magnitude.
They attempted the overthrow of the legisla-
tive power of the nation on the most momen-
tous subject which ever called for its exercise.
They attempted to lay the foundation of empire
over a large portion of the continent; to dis-
pose of the rights and liberties of millions of
people in a mode disapproved by Congress and
the majority of the nation; to dispense with
the safeguards imposed by the "constitutional
amendment" prescribed by Congress as a con-
dition of restoration, affecting the very struc-
ture of the Government and relieving it of
asserted liability for thousands of millions of
debt incurred in aid of rebellion, and from
accountability for the emancipation of slaves.
(See proposed Constitutional Amendment to
be Article XIV ; Minority Report on Impeach-
ment, 83.)
History has given us the contests between
the despotism of executive power on one side
and the rights of the legislative power of the
people on the other. It has given ns the strug-
gles of the ages between privileged classes and
the people demanding their equal and inalien-
able political rights, it has given us the strug-
gle between the rights of labor and the ascend-
ency and control of accumulated capital. But
Andrew Johnson has given the world at one
view all that is odious in this triple contest,
for as President he is a usurper seeking to rein-
state the dethroned slave oligarchy as a priv-
ileged class, controlling the wealth and wield-
ing the political power of the States against
the rights of man and the interests of human-
ity. Compared with his the crimes of Scroggs
and Jeffries and Hastings pale into utter insig-
nificance. If the American Congress, awed
into submission, or unwilling to meet its great-
est duty, fails to apply the constitutional rem-
edy for these crimes against law, civilization,
and the human race itself, the eternal verdict
of impartial history will be that it is the gravest
error of our times.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. ELA obtained the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE^, of Ohio. I would be
greatly obliged to my friend from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] if he would yield, that my
time may be extended.
Mr. ELA. How long does the gentleman
desire ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would prefer
not to be limited as to time.
Mr. BURR. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to extending the gentleman's time half an
hour.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I prefer to have
an hour, although I may not occupy it all.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to allowing the gentleman from Ohio an addi-
tional hour?
There was no objection.
