3616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
custom-house at pittsburq.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a communication from the supervising
architect of the Treasury) relative to the con-
dition of the building used by the Government
at Pittsburg for a custom-house; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
election contest—switzler vs. anderson.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say, for a variety
of reasons, I have concluded to waive my right
to call up to-day the election case of Switzler
vs. Anderson, of which I have heretofore given
notice, and I now give notice that. I will call it
up 011 Wednesday of next week after the morn-
ing hour. J yield the floor, therefore, to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
who is very anxious to px-oceed to the consid-
eration of the subject of which he has given
notice.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana.
protection op american citizens.
Mr. N(BLACK, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Rcfioh^'d, (asthesenscofthisllouse,) Thatthepres-
ent session of this Congress ought not to adjourn
until some more thorough and efficient provision Is
mode by law for the protection of American citizens,
botli native and udopted, while traveling or tempo-
rarily residing abroad.
i'hk treaty-making power.
Mr. BANKS. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Delano.]
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutions; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed in the Globe :
lletolved, That all treaties made by the President
and Senate which embrace stipulations on legisla-
tive subjects expressly vestod in Congress by the
Constitution, are in their nature incomplete and
imperfect until Congress shall have passed such laws
as aro necessary to carry such treaties into effect;
and that thi<* House is not requited, by a justinter-
prctation of the Constitution, to pa?slaws necessary
to the execution of snch treaties unless it approves
the objects and stipulations therein en, braccd.
Re-nlwd, That a treaty which stipulates for the
payment of money undertakes to do that which the
treaty-making power cannot do without the aid of
legislation, and therefore such a treaty is not the
supreme law of tlio land until the required legisla-
tion has been obtained; and members of this House,
while deliberating upon proposi'ions for executing
such treaty, act on their own judgment and responsi-
bility, and not on the judgment and responsibility
of the rreatv-making power.
ltesolved. That, foreign Governments are presumed
to know that the power to appropriate money is
vested in Congress, and that no act of any one part
of the Government can be regarded as a law until
such act has the sanction of all Departments of the
Government required by the Constitution to give it
the force of law.
liciohcd. That tho integrity and limits of the ter-
ritory of this nation cannot bo altered or changed
except by the will ot the nation, given by express
grant or implied by acquiescence; and therefore the
treaty-making power has no authority under tlic
Constitution to dispose of the nation's territory nor
to acquire newterritorywithout obtainingthe assent
of the nation therefor in one or the other of the
forms herein indicated.
william ii. harm an.
Mr. BANKS.^ I nowyield to the gentleman
from West Virginia, [Mr. Hubbard. J
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of West Vir-
ginia, by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
183) for the relief of William II. Harman was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Way.s and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest iiogan vs. pile.
Mr. COOK. I desire to give noticc that I
will call up the contested-election case of ITogan
vs. Pile oil Wednesday next, or immediately
after the case of Switzler vs. Anderson shall
be disposed of.
revenue stamps.
Mr. BENTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 320)
in relation to affixing revenue stamps to writ-
ten instruments ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS resumed the floor.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I rise to put a par-
liamentary question to the Chair. Does the
yielding of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Polaxd] on the question of privilege to the
chairman of the Committee on E'oreign Affairs
deprive us of the morning hour? Before the
gentleman proceeds I would like to make that
point.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
that point the Chair will have to sustain it.
Mr. BANKS. Unanimousconsent was given
that the subject of the purchase of Russian
America should be considered to-day, and the
morning hour was not reserved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he has examined the Journal, and that the
bill was made the special order for to-day after
the morning hour, as all special orders have
been made for after the morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. If it stands that way on the
Journal, of course I do not objcct.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Michigan insists upo.n it, the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is not in order until after the morning
hour.
Mr. TROWBRTDGE. I do insist on it.
The SPEAKER. Then the morning hour
commences, and reports are in order from the
Committee on the Judiciary, which is entitled
to another morning hour.
administration of oaths-, etc.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment and with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (II. II. No. 90) to authorize and
require the administration of oaths in certain
cases and to puuish perjury in connection there-
with.
The bill was read. It authorizes the chair-
man or acting chairman of any standing, select,
joint, or other committee of the Senate or
House of Representatives of the United States,
whose duty or business it shall be by virtue of
any law, resolution, or custom in either House
to audit or approve any claim, demand, or
account against the Government, to be paid
out of the contingent or other funds of either
House or otherwise, to require the person or
officer making the claim or presenting the
same to attach his affidavit thereto in writing
to the effect that the same is just, due, and
unpaid, and in accordance with the law per-
taining thereto. It anthorizes such chairman
or acting chairman to administer all oaths
required in connection therewith, and it is
made the duty of such chairman or acting
chairman to require such affidavits '111 all cases
where he believes, or has reason to believe, that
the public interest will be promoted thereby,
or where the majority of the committee direct
him so to do. The second section provides that
any person or officer who shall be guilty of
perjury before any sueh committee in swear-
ing to any such claim shall be liable to the
pains, penalties, and disabilities prescribed I
for the punishment of willful and corrupt per- I
jury. I
The amendment reported by the Committee j
on the Judiciary was to strike out the words |
"and in accordance with the law pertaining
thereto.''
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The necessity for this
bill will probably strike the House as rather
remarkable. In fact there is now no law authoriz-
ing the chairman of any committee to admin-
ister an oath.to persons applying for payment
out of the contingent fund. Alf this bill does
is to authorize the chairman of a committee in
his discretion to administer such an oath.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] that the fact being as he states, it
would perhaps be well to refer this subject to
the Committee on the Rules, in order that an
additional rule may be adopted to remedy the
difficulty should the Senate fail to act upon
this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well; I will adopt
the suggestion of the Chair, and move that the
Committee on the Rules be instructed to exam-
ine and report upon the subject of the admin-
istering of oaths by chairmen of committees
of the House to persons claiming pay from the
contingent fund of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
jurisdiction in admiralty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have been instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to report
adversely upon House bill No. 819, to amend
an act entitled "An act extending the jurisdic-
tion of district courts to certain cases upon the
lakes and the navigable waters connecting the
same," approved February 26, 1845.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I am also instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to report back
House bill No. 293, to regulate and limit the
admiralty jurisdiction of the district courts of
the United States in certain cases, with an
amendment in the form of an additional sec-
tion, embodying the substance of the bill just
laid on the table.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
district courts of the United States shall be
authorized to possess and exercise the same
jurisdiction in matters of contract and tort,
arising in, upon, or concerning, steamboats
and other vessels of twenty tons burden and
upward, enrolled and licensed for the coasting
or other trade, and at the time engaged in the
business of commerce and navigation between
ports and places in different States and Terri-
tories upon the lakes and navigable waters
connecting said lakes, or upon any of the in-
land navigable rivers or other waters of the
United States, as is now possessed and exer-
cised by the said courts in the cases of the like
steamboats and other vessels employed in nav-
igation and commerce upon the high seas or
tide-waters within the admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction of the United States, and in all
suits brought in such courts, in all such matters
of contract or tort, the remedies and the forms
of process, and the modes of proceedings shall
be the same as are or may be used by such
courts in cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction; and the maritime law of the
United States, so far as the same is or may
be applicable thereto, shall constitute the rule
of decision in such suits, 111 the same manner,
and to the same extent, and with the same
equities as it now does in cases of admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction, saving, however, to
the parties the right of trial by jury of all
facts put in issue in such suits where either
party shall require it; and saving, also, to the
parties the right of a concurrent remedy at
the common law where it is competent to
give it, and any concurrent remedy which may
be given by the State laws, where such steam-
boat or other vessel is employed in such busi-
ness of commerce and navigation ; provided,
that whenever in any such case or controversy
any such district court shall first obtain, juris-
diction in any litigation over any such steam-
boat or vessel, such jurisdiction shall be exclu-
