1-867. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL G-LOBE.
.69
40tji Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. op Reps.
accord to him eminent ability as displayed in
the several messages which from time to time
he has transmitted to Congress, and especially
in the message which we are now asked to
censure.
Without being guilty of the sin of extravagant
eulogy, as always in bad taste and offensive to
its object, if he deserves eulogy at all I think that
message is equal to any message sent to Congress
by any President of the many illustrious men
who have adorned the executive office; and
that when we and he are tenants of our respect-
ive graves, and history takes up the subject of
his administration and examines the messages
to which I have adverted and his conduct
throughout, it will record as is due that he
did all that he was able to do to fulfill the
obligations of his official oath to '"preserve,
protect, and defend" the Constitution of his
country.
Mr. President, in the protest to which I
adverted a few moments since, President Jack-
son denied, and as I think by a force of reason-
ing never successfully met, the jurisdiction of
this body to censure him for any official act,
unless such censure was involved in some
executive function which it was called upon to
discharge, or in some legislative duty. In
that protest he said that by the proceeding of
which he complained the Senate " convert
themselves into accusers, witnesses, counsel,
and judges, and prejudge the whole case."
He says, further, speaking of the relations of
the different departments of the Government:
" In every other respect, each of them is the coequal
of the otiier two, and ail are the servants of tho
American people, without power or right to control
or eensure each other in the service of their common
superior, save only in the munnor and to the degree
which that superior has prescribed."
The honorable member should take warn-
ing by the results of that controversy. The
resolution of censure was proposed by Mr.
Clay, whose name I can never mention but
with reverence and admiration. He was im-
pulsive, strong-willed, of masculine under-
standing, and of the purest patriotism, but he
could " bear no brother near the throne." On
the 26th of December, 1833, he proposed this
resolution:
" Resolved, That tho President in the late execu-
tive proceedings in relation to the public revenue
has assumed upon himself authority and power not
conferred by the Constitution and laws and in dero-
gation of both."
The majority of the Senate were a long time
in concluding that it was their province and
was expedient to pass that resolution. It was
offered, as I have stated, on the 26th of De-
cember, 1833. It was held under deliberation
and the subject of constant debate from that
time to the 28tli of March, 1834, when it was
finally adopted by a vote of 26 yeas to 20
nays. In a few years some of tho men who
passed it ceased to be members of this body.
I beg my friend from Missouri to take warn-
ing by the example. The American people
rallied around their chosen chief. The press
of the country and the friends of the Adminis-
tration called upon the people to " watch the
Senate." The revolution went on ; and on_the
16th of January, 1837, the following resolution,
which had been previously submitted by Mr.
Benton, was passed by a vote of 24 yeas to 19
nays:
" Jtesolved, That the said resolve be expunged from
the Journal, and for that purpose that the Secretary
of the Senate, at such time as tho Senate may ap-
point, shall bring the manuscript Journal of the ses-
sion of 1833-34 into tile Senate, draw black lines
around the said resolve, and write across the face
thereof, in strong letters, the following: words: 'Ex-
punged by order of the Senate this 16th day of Jan-
uary, in the year of our Lord 1537.1"
Now, I submit to my friend from Missouri
whether it would be altogether exceedingly
palatable or amusing to him some year or two
hence to have his resolution put into mourn-
in"-; whether, if he then be a member of this
botly, as I hope he may be, he will not regret
that iu a moment of patriotic enthusiasm, gov-
erned, without being aware of it, by the influ-
ence of party, not conscious of it, because I
am sure he was sincere in saying that he offered
it solely from a sense of duty, he will not feel
a little sensitive when he finds his resolution
brought upon the desk of the President of the
Senate, and he, perhaps, called upon by the
Senate—who can, I suppose, call upon a mem-
ber to perform the task—to draw black lines
around it as an evidence that, in the judgment
of the Senate and the country, it would be derog-
atory to the dignity of the body to permit such a
resolution to constitute a part of its archives.
Now, Mr. President, I say in all kindness to
the honorable member that if there is no such
heaving upon the bosom of the nation as he
supposed, and brought about by the cause to
which he referred it, the indications of the day
are that there is a heaving going on which
promises to increase from day to day. It com-
menced, I believe, in the State so ably repre-
sented by my friend who sits near me [Mr.
Morrill, of Maine] and by his colleague,
slight in comparison.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very slight.
Mr. JOHNSON. But still a rumbling which
indicated that an earthquake might happen.
It again was heard from the shores of tho
Pacific ; it became more violent in October in
Pennsylvania and Ohio. It became still more
violent in the succeeding November in New
York and New Jersey ; and all the indications
we have had since show that it has not subsided
but isyet going on. Even Massachusetts, who
has been indoctrinated by the learning and the
eloquence of the honorable member who sits
farthest from me, [Mr. Sumner,] and by the
power and ability of his colleague, [Mr. Wil-
son,] seems to be in motion. Now, being very
anxious to retain the association in this body
of the honorable member the mover of this
resolution, I warn him in a spirit of sincere
regard to take heed of this heaving, that he may
escape its fury, and the only way to avert it is
to remove the causes which have led to it. If
he declines to do this, he and all who shall so
decline, will, I think, in November next be
hurled into utter and irretrievable ruin, not
physical but political—physical, every member
of the Senate would mourn, but political ruin
to my honorable friend, in the contingency of
his undertaking to resist it, would be borne
by many members on this side of the Chamber
with all becoming and decent fortitude.
A word more and I shall have done. I
again submit to the honorable member, and
through him to the Senate, if the necessities
of the country and the duties which these impose
upon us, do not demand a different description
of conduct; whether the people are not looking
to us anxiously not to carry on a war with the
President, (which can result in no possible
good to them or anybody else,) but to apply
ourselves exclusively to the duties belonging
to the times, restore peace to our distracted
land, revise our system of taxation—miserably
inefficient as far as the Treasury is concerned,
but heavily oppressive upon the people—affect-
ing every branch of human industry. Let us
so revise it that it may operate as lightly upon
the people as is consistent with the obligation
upon us of meeting the demands upon the
Government. And, above all, let us see to it
that we maintain unbroken the plighted faith
and preserve unsullied the honor of the nation.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES BKOOKS,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
December 18, 1807.
Mr. Stevexs, of Pennsylvania, from the "Recon-
struction Committee " of the House of Ilepresenta-
tives, having, December 18, reported a bill, first, to
change the majority of all registered votes in tho
southern States into a majority of tho actual vwteis
on the day the constitutions were veted upon; second,
to give seven of the southern States ton more Repre-
sentatives in Congress than under the apportionment
of 1860; and third, to elect the men>bers of Congress
the day on which the constitutions wero voted upon—
and tho second proposition having been withdrawn
on the earnest opposition of Mr. Binoham—
Mr. BROOKS said:
Mr. Speaker: The question of reconstruc-
tion, like I3anquo's ghost, can never be laid.
I11 the ominous ides of March, just before the
opening of this, the Fortieth Congress, (no$
to go any further back,) we had a bill for recon-
struction. In July last, in the summer sol-
stice. an extraordinary session of Congress was
called, for the purpose of again "enacting"
"reconstruction." And now here, among the
very earliest measures of the present session,
we have brought before ns the third bill to
"reconstruct."
Tim southern negro man to dave moits KBPEH-
sentation than the western white man.
They who have reported this bill have already,
at the very outstart, struck it a fatal blow bj 
exhibiting a division in their own ranks as the
result of which it became necessary for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw one-
of the most important parts—the section to
increase the number of negro Representatives
in Congress from the South. In deference to
the protest of a member of their own orgasiza-
tion from a western State, the proposition to
give ten additional Representatives to the slave
holding States—I mean white slaveholding
States, 110 longer negro slaveholding States— •
has been withdrawn, because such negro favor-
itism would have startled the great white
growing West. The State of California, which,
though its population has immensely increased
since the last census, has now only three Rep-
resentatives on this floor with a voting popula-
lation of 120,000—a representative population
then of over 600,000. The people of Iowa with
a population of 074,001) by the last census of
1860, now have by State census 967,000. The
people of Michigan with a population accord
ing to the last census of only 600,000, now
have probably 1,000,000. The people of Kan-
sas with a population by the last census of
106,000 now have 400,000. The people of
Minnesota with a population by the last census
of 169,000 now have 400,000.
The Committee on Reconstruction, blind to
all this white increase, reported an increase of
ten Representatives in Congress for the negro
States, but 110 increase whatsoever for these
great white-growing communities of the West!
It would have been an irresistible argument,
then, before the white people of the West to
say, "Congress has increased the negro rep-
resentation of the South, while it has allowed
nothing for the million and a half increased
population of California, Iowa, Michigan, Min-
nesota, and Kansas." The Reconstruction
Committee reported in favor of all this, but
the honorable gentleman from Ohio hit it on
the head and affrighted the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] out of
this iniquitous inequality, thus discriminating
against the whites, the moment it was fairly
shown up above water. Overawed for once
by opinion he abandoned his negroes and
stood by his own race and color. The will was
there to start the iniquity, but the pluck has
failed him to carry it out. The white people
of this country thus, thank God, are at last
recovering, in some small degree, their proper
consideration, if not respectability, among cer-
tain members of the House.
to enable the bare majority of a minobity eob-
eveu to goveitx.
Sir, the first proposition now before the House
is to change the organic law, as it is called, ot
reconstruction, to abandon the established
principles of the March and Julyaets of Con-
gress, that the majority of the registered voters
shall vole for a constitut.on, by limiting the
vote now to voters oiily oa the day of election.
