1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
courts similarly situated to ourselves, and let
the question be decided as it shall occur. I do
not suppose that the eminent counsel who may
be employed will abuse our patience, but we
seem to be proceeding upon the idea that they
may do so. If they do, if we discover that
there is any necessity for such a rule, it will be
very easy for us to adopt it. I am opposed to
adopting it now and putting them in a strait-
jacket at the beginning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the argument of the
Senator from Iowa is correct, that we ought to
wait until there is an abuse on this point before
we provide any regulation to prevent it, it
would apply to all legislation at all times, and
all rules. It would apply to our own rules,
which authorize us, for illustration, to compel
the attendance of members who do not attend,
and with the same argument he might contend
that it was an affront to a Senator to have such
a rule at all, because the presumption is he
would attend, and it would be time enough
when you found yourself without a quorum to
make a rule to get one. And so of every other
rule that regulates our proceedings, and of
law that is intended to regulate the transactions
of men in society.
It is the boast of the proper administration
of law in a free country or any other that the
law antedates the transaction upon which it is
to operate, and that it does not grow out of
any ex post facto affair. If that be so, why is
it not proper, if you are regulating the pro-
ceedings of the Senate sitting as a court at all,
to make a regulation which shall be reasonable
in itself, which will commend itself to the mind
of every Senator as reasonable in itself, in re-
spect to the limitation of argument upon inter-
locutory questions in all trials, the greatest and
the smallest ? Why not, I say, provide such a
rule in advance ? if Senators believe that one
hour is too little, then say two ; if they believe
two hours are too little, then say four. But our
proposition is that it is right and fit for a great
trial like the one in respect to which we are
providing these rules, to a certain extent and
for all trials, that every rule which is to operate
upon us for a transaction that can be foreseen
ought to be laid down in advance ; so that no
man or party or set of men upon either side of
the question will be enabled to say, "You are
finding yourselves a little too much pinched by
the pressure of this prosecution, or the pres-
sure of this defense, and therefore you do the
extraordinary thing of changing your course
of procedure in the middle of it." We should
by that course be obnoxious to criticism, ex-
cept in a case of very great abuse, indeed. And
I am not speaking of any particular side of this
transaction, I wish it to be understood. I think
st quite as probable, (and I say it with entire
frankness,) that the protection of this rule will
be needful to restrain the prosecution as to
restrain the defense. It is not intended for
one side more than another; but it is intended
to enact a wholesome and reasonable regula-
tion which shall bring debate upon trivial and
unimportant interlocutory matters within just
and reasonable bounds.
The only question between my friend from
Iowa and myself is, whether it is desirable to
arrange a rule of this kind in advance or wait
until your patience is abused; as my friend
says, wait until you have been disturbed and
ill treated by the conduct of counsel on the one
side or the other, and then undertake to inter-
ject a regulation into the midst of that. It
would certainly be obvious to criticism then,
because whatever counsel were operated upon
by such a rule would complain bitterly that
they had not giver, any occasion for it, that it
was a mere after-thought to compress the pro-
ceedings, instead of having a rule in advance.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Vermont
has furnished me a new idea as to the theory
upon which legislation proceeds in this coun-
try and elsewhere. Unlike him, I had sup-
posed that all these rules, and all laws in fact,
were enacted because jt was the sentiment of
mankind that unless ft were done, from past
experience, the evil they tended to prevent
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 99.
would result; and, therefore, that it was based
upon some ex post facto act.
Now, I would inquire what is the experience
in regard to these rules. We have had four
courts of impeachment in this country; in no
one of those cases of impeachment has there
been any limitation upon debate or upon the
argument either on the part of the managers
for the House of Representatives or on the
part_ of the counsel for the person who was
arraigned before the bar. Has the experience
of those courts taught us that it is necessary
that we should change the rules that prevailed
in those courts and put a limitation upon de-
bate here? Is there any record in those trials,
or any contemporaneous history of those trials,
which goes to show that justice was impeded
or that the public business was not properly
expedited because of there being no limitation
upon debate? I can very well see that the
whole issue involved in a case of impeachment
may turn upon what the Senator from Vermont
calls an interlocutory order, or upon the admis-
sion of a certain piece of testimony before the
court; and, now, what condition should we be
in if one of the counsel for the prosecution or
one of the counsel for the defense should, in
the midst of the argument, after having spoken
an hour, be brought up suddenly by the peremp-
tory rule that he shall not speak any longer?
He says that he has not completed his argu-
ment which he believes to be necessary to the
promotion of public justice on behalf of the
people or on behalf of the person arraigned:
he appeals to us for longer time; but an inex-
orable majority of the court decide that he shall
not have it.
In what attitude shall we be placed in be-
fore the country? Not very flattering to the
court, perhaps. Probably the court would
decide to give him time ; but why shall we
place ourselves in the attitude of putting it in
the power of a majority to decide against grant-
ing it if they choose ? Why shall we here in
the Senate, where we have been enjoying our-
selves unlimited debate, where a xnan can take
up a day or a week or a month if he chooses;
why shall we, when the most momentous trial
that this country has ever witnessed 01- that
history has ever scon, is to be prosecuted, say
that on one of the most important legal ques-
tions that maybe presented counsel shall only
have an hour or two hours, instead of the time
he may deem necessary in order that he may
promote what he believes to be the interests
of the people as represented by the House of
Representatives, for whom he is manager, or
as represented by the man whom he has to
defend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The first argument of
the Senator from Iowa defeats the last one.
His first one is based upon the ground that it is
entirely in the power of the court to protect
itself when the emergency arises. I suppose
by the court he means a majority of the court;
and therefore I take it that this same inexora-
ble majority, as he styles himself and the rest
of us here, might be just as inexorable, oper-
ating at the time to which he refers in his open-
ing speech, when it should suppose that counsel
were going too far, and interfere, as they can
under this rule. Therefore the argument of
my friend must either be wrong at the begin-
ning or wrong at the end, because he sets out
with the idea that it is in the power of the ma-
jority, and he thought in the opening that that
power ought not to be exercised until the abuse
of it should first be felt, whereas the commit-
tee thought that counsel ought to be warned
that they should condense themselves to an
hour upon interlocutory questions unless the
majority should think it desirable to give more
time.
Now, my, friend says this is unusual, that it
never was heard of before in a court of im-
peachment. The same argument would have
applied when the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States a few years ago settled a rule that
counsel should only he heard for an hour in
certain cases, because it did not uSb to be so
there. The world has grown older sinee my
friend and I were born, and sinee these early
trials were had, in ali departments where justice
is administered and men have become more
disposed to display their oratory and their rhe-
toric than they used to be, and to make inter-
minable harrangues upon questions that are
not important. Therefore mostcourts—I think
it is so in almost all the States now—have, under
the authority of statutes, provided rules which
limit the time occupied by counsel and the
number of counsel who are to discuss ques-
tions before them ; and I challenge anybody
to point out any instance in any State where
the _ existence of such a rule has operated
against the fair administration of justice; and
for what reason ? Because, whenever there was
an important question that really entered into
the merit of the main question in a considera-
ble degree, counsel who make application for
more time always get it. So they would here.
The court does not tie itself up; the Senate
does not tie itself up ; it only prescribes a
general regulation to operate upon the general
run of these interlocutory questions, limiting
debate upon them ; and I am sure that I know
the sentiment of my friend well enough and
the sentiment of other Senators well enough
to know that whichever side should, in a rea-
sonable case, ask for an extension of time, no
matter how long, depending on the importance
of the question, it would be granted by a unan-
imous vote of this body, instead of a mere
majority.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The only objection I
have to this rule is the introduction into the
proceedings of the Senate of a limitation upon
debate; at least that is the most important
one. We know very well that in the House of
of Representatives, which is a numerous body,
a body three or four times as large as the
Senate, it is necessary that there should be
the "previous question," perhaps, and also
that there should be some limitation of time
upon speeches which are made. But, sir, those
necessities which may justify rules of this sort
in the House do not apply to the Senate.
Although the question has been up on sundry
occasions, and has been debated here, our
judgment has always been against the imposi-
tion of a rule of limitation here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to remind him that in impeachment cases
the rule has always been an express rule that no
debate at all should be permitted to Senators;
that all decisions must be had by yeas and nays,
and without any debate?
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is quite another
point. I am speaking of the debate which a
question shall undergo by persons who partici-
pate in it; for, sir, under the particular rules
which apply in this and all other legislative
bodies, some cases are not susceptible of de-
bate; for instance, a motion to lay 011 the
table. I am speaking of eases which, under
parliamentary law, are allowed to be discussed.
Now, sir, I should be very sorry to see the
Senate adopt in this case a limitation upon the
right of debate where there is, as appears from
what has been stated, no known necessity for
it—where such necessity is only conjectural.
I think, Mr. President, the true reason why
this rule is unnecessary, and why it must always
be unnecessary in courts of impeachment, is
this: when the Senate resolves itself into a
court of that description the party who unne-
cessarily fatigues the attention of the Senate,
who protracts debate unnecessarily, incurs an
injury upon the trial. No discreet and saga-
cious attorney would attempt to wear out the
patience of the court, because he would know
that it would prejudice his own case. I take
it for granted that the distinguished gentlemen
who will appear before us to represent the
House upon this prosecution, and the no doubt
distinguished counsel who will be selected for
the defense, will have tact and discretion
enough not to fatigue us, but to speak to the
question, and to stop when tliey have exhausted
the debate.
At all events, at present, as we have no ne-
cessity for this rule, as there appears to be no
