2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mar:m,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 27, 1SG8.
Prayer by Rev.E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's legislative ses-
sion was read and approved.
PKU'Il'IONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the memorial of
Governor Ambrose B. Burnside, John Carter
Brown, Robert H. Ives, William Goddard, T.
P. I. Goddard, and others, praying for an ap-
propriation for deepening the St. Mary's canal.
The memorialists represent that when the first
grant of public lands was made to the State of
Michigan for this canal its capacity was suffi-
cient for the transit of the largest vessels then
employed on the lakes, of about six hundred
tons burden. Since that time it has been found
advantageous to employ vessels of a much
larger burden, and the interests of commerce
require very much that a grunt, should be made
for deepening that work. 1 move its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DKAKE. I present the petition of
Isaac M. Couch, a private in company E,
forty-fourth Missouri volunteer infantry, pray-
ing pay for one hundred and nineteen days'
service rendered after the discharge of his regi-
ment. I do not know whether this petition
should go to the Military Committee or the
Committee on Claims. I will move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Louisa
J. Simpson, widow oi Major George Simpson,
late paymaster in the Army of the United
States, praying for an increase ot pension:
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
lie also presented additional papers in sup-
port of the claim of Lieutenant Valentine H.
Voorhes, for pay for services in the Army from
March 1, 18G4, to November 30, 1801; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
memorial of officers of the United States Army,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
which deprives all retired ollicers of the Army
of their longevity or service rations ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of John A.
Wilcox, captain fourth regiment United States
cavalry, praying to be relieved from all lia-
bility on account of Government, funds stolen
from him on the 14th of February, 181)7 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
funding bill
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance either to ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 207, called the funding
bill, and postpone it until Tuesday next, or to
give notice, which I prefer to do, that on next
Tuesday, at one o'clock, I shall move to take
up that bill with a view to dispose of it, so that
it may not stand in the way of other matters.
Mr. POMEROY. Give the notice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I therefore give notice
that on next Tuesday, and I hope it will be
noted and Senators will try to be prepared, I
shall endeavor to get up that bill and have it
disposed of one way or the other.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 420) to incorporate the
Connecticut A venue and Purk Railway Com-
pany, in the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 344) to incor-
porate the Washington Target-Shooting Asso-
ciation, in the District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. *287) granting the right of way and
lands to the Pecos and Placer Mining and
Ditch Company of New Mexico, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill (S. No. 487) to disapprove
an act of the Legislative Assembly of Washing-
ton Territory redisricting the Territory and
reassigning the judges thereto; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. NYE. I should like the immediate con-
sideration of that bill, if there be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done at this time by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that this bill should
go over. I understand that it will affect the
work of some of the judges, and one of them
originally came from my State, and he has
written me a letter on the subject. I am not
sure but that 1 shall *ote for the bill; but I wish
to look into it first, and therefore I prefer
that it should go over.
The PRESIDENT tempore. Objection
being made, the bill will go over, under the
rule.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
resolution of the board of common council of
the city of Washington, asking the passage of
an act to compel the mayor of the city to pay
to each member of the board of council and
board of aldermen the amount due them for
their services as such members, have consid-
ered the same, and being of opinion that the
proper redress for these gentlemen is in the
courts of the District, by mandamus or other-
wise, have instructed me to report it back and
ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Alexander J. Atocha, reported a bill
(S. No. 488) to amend an act entitled "An act
for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha," ap-
proved February 14, 1805 ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings aud Grounds, reported an
amendment to the bill (II. R. No. 818) making
appropriations for sundry civil expensesot'the
Government for the year ending J une 30,1809,
and for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, under the
rules.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred a letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury in regard to the claim of John
Bullfinch and others, owners of the brig Ocean
Belle, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report in writing. The
committee believe the claim to be an equitable
one ; but they believe also that it should go to
the Committee on Claims. I ask, therefore,
that the report be printed, and that the whole
matter, wnh all the papers, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims is
crowded with business that it is really unable
to dispose of as promptly as the rights of suit-
ors would seem to demand. Now, it does
not seem to mo that there is any necessity that
any one of these claims should be considered
by more than one of the committees of the
body. I know nothing about this claim ; but
as it lias undergone the examination of the
Committee on Finance, I do not see why that
should not be just as satisfactory as to have
the recommendation of any other committee
of the body. I do not understand that there
is anything in the constitution of the Senate or
in the constitution of the Committee on Claims
that requires absolutely that everything in the
nature of a private claim should go to that
committee. It is, as I suppose, a committee
created for the purpose of considering those
matters, unless they are, at the pleasure of the
Senate, referred to another committee. This
matter having been considered by one com-
mittee, I hope th'e Senator from New York
will not insist on his motion, for I ounnot*con-
ceive that it would tend to promote the public
interests, and it clearly would not the interests
of the claims'it. I hope the motion will not be
insisted on.
Mr. MORGAN. It was the opinion of the
Committee on Finance, after full considera-
tion, that this was really a matter that belonged
to the Committee on Claims ; but if the Com-
mittee on Claims object to its being referred
to them, it having been fully examined by the
Committee on Finance and a written report
presented, I shall not press it any further.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that as
it now stands there is a favorable report from
the Committee on Finance; or is that report
taken back by that committee?
Mr. MORGAN. There is a favorable re-
port; but there is no bill connected with it,
because we supposed the Committee on Claims
would report a bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it had better be
returned to the committee. I know something
about the claim, and that is the reason of my
inquiry. I should like to have the Finance
Committee take it back and report a bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I will report a bill, then,
without its being referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move that the report be printed?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir; I move that the
report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ItAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA ANB OREGON.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
procced to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 210.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done at this time by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to offer a reso-
lution.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to get up the
bill. It will take but a few minutes to pass it.
Mr. POMEROY. What is it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. A little bill extending
the time for constructing a railroad. It simply
extends the time, nothing more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the bill named by him. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the title of
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title —
of the bill will be stated.
The Chief Clerk. The bill proposed to be
taken up is the bill (S. No. 21G) to amend an
act entitled "An act. granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cali-
fornia, to Portland, in Oregon."
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the WTiole. It pro-
poses to amend section six of an act entitled
" An act granting lands t,o aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad aud telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon.'' as to provide tiiat as to so
much of that railroad and telegraph line as is
or may be located within the State of Oregon,
instead of the times now fixed in the first section
of twenty miles of the railroad and telegraph
shall be completed within three years from
the date ot that act, and at least twenty miles
in each three years thereafter, and the whole
on or before the 1st day of July, IPSO.
_ The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line six, after the word " Oregon"
to hisert "approved July 2o. I860."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line seven, after
the word "that," to strike out the words "as
to so much of said railroad and telegraph line
j as is or may be located within the State of
Oregon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven, to
strike out the word "two'' before the word
"years" aud to insert "three."
The amendment was agreed to.
