70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Brooles.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
The object of this change is not all apparent, a
concealed objectbeing to disfranchise more and
more of the white population, and^ to enable a
bare majority *of an actual minority to frame
the organic law of the State. Tt was notenough
tinder the two last reconstruction bills that they
disfranchised thousands, aye, tens of thousands,
if not hundreds of thousands of white voters,
■wkile they enfranchised the whole black popu-
lation, who were as deep in practical rebellion:
as their masters, for this bill now disfranchises
thousands and tens of thousands more. It
invites now and enables all the negro-constitu-
tion mongers of the South to disfranchise
whites enough in every southern State to secure
the government thereof to the negroes.
THK CONSTITUTION OF ALABAMA,
the first framed by the negro conventions, un-
folds the meaning of this act, -and shows how
Anglo-Saxon white States are to be converted
into African States, the declared intent and
meaning of that so-called constitution being to
disfranchise every white man in the South who
has any respect left for his own noble Anglo-
Saxon race, and who will not forswear him-
self forever to secure in perpetuity the supe-
riority and reign of negro blood.
THE NEGKO TEST-OATH OF ALABAMA.
Under that constitution of Alabama every
voter is compelled to swear that he will never,
under any circumstances, have it so amended
as to prohibit negroes from voting. No one is
allowe'd to be a voter who will not commit him-
self forever to the principle that negroes shall
be the rulers of the State. The provision I
allude to is embodied in the new constitution,
article seventh, section fourth, in the test-oath
there:
" That I aocopt the civil and politioal equality of
all mon"—
Negro men, nothing is said of women !—
"and agree not to attempt to deprive any person or
persons of any race or color, on account of previous
condition, of any political or civil right, privilege, or
immunity enjoyed bp any other elusa of men."
Before any person can vote, then, in the State
of Alabama under that constitution he is
bound to devote himself by oath for all time
to negroes and to negro voting, to fellow negro
soldiers, to negro jurymen, to negro and while
mongrel schools and school-houses, to mongrel
cars, to mongrel taverns, to a complete mongrel
social existence from the cradle to the grave.
No man can vote unless he takes that unnat-
ural, that horrid oath, and thus forswears his
own white race and color. I appeal to the
States of Minnesota, to Wisconsin, to Kansas,
to the great Northwest, that have just been
voting negro suffrage down—to Ohio, to Penn-
sylvania, to every northern State which has
refused suffrage to the negroes among them,
who are ten times more intelligent than the
besotted, just-freed negro slaves of the southern
country, who scarcely know their own names
as they vote, and I ask them all, " Will you
trust to such negroes in eleven States the right
to govern the whole country, through their Rep-
resentatives upon this floor, for all time to come,
now and forever, while you refuse the right to
vote to your own people of African descent,
ten times more intelligent than these just-freed
slaves of the South?"
EVEN WHITE BA.DICAL ALABAMIAXS TO BE OUTVOTED
15Y NEGROES.
Apart from all this, too, the constitution of
Alabama lias been deliberately so framed as to
disfranchise or misrepresent a large portion of
the white people of the northern part of that
State. The State has fifty-nine counties and
is apportioned off in this new constitution into
one hundred Representatives, and that Ala-
bama convention has deliberately affixed an
apportionment in and upon the constitution so
that 13(3.3'.-io persons in southern negro Ala-
bama are entitled to fifteen Representatives,
while 391,44-1 persons in northern white Ala-
bama, nearly three times the number in the
negro counties, are given but thirty-five, when an
equitable apportionment would have been forty-
two—nearly forty-three—Representatives. So
that by the very apportionment organic law of
the State the white people of northern Ala-
bama are crushed out by the negro vote of the
southern part.
The constitution apportionment table is as
follows:
Negro Alabama.
Chun- Iiepre~ Popula- No. of Rep-
ties. sentutives. tion. resentaHves,
3 Each 5. 77,047 negroes.
59,348 whites.
35
136,395
White Alabama.
Each 1. 280,282 whites.
111,150 nogrocs.
391.441
15
35
You have not been content, then, in your two
previous reconstruction acts in so arranging
eight million southern white men as to en-
able four million negroes there to govern them ;
but here in such constitutions as that of Ala-
bama you are cheating your own white Rad-
icals and subjecting them to irrecoverable
negro dominion. Sir, the object of all your
three bills, their real intent and moaning, is
for all time so to organize this Government
that four million negroes in the southern
States shall hold a balance of power in the
whole United States, there enslaving eight
million white people to counteract the polit-
ically divided voting population of the twenty-
four millions of the North, and thus to govern
the whole.
IS THIS, OR IS IT NOT, A WHITE MAN'S GOVERNMENT?
My objection to this bill rises far higher than
any mere details ; it is to the whole principle
throughoutfrom beginning to end. My theory,
my principle, and I believe the principle of the
Democratic party, is one before which all other
issues—tariffs, currency, taxes, armies, navies,
all mere questions of the hour—dwindle into
comparative insignificance. They are butpass-
ing questions, which live to-day and die to-
morrow. The only real living issue towers
above all these—and that is, Is this, or is it
not, a white man's Government?
You have deliberately framed a bill to over-
throw this white man's Government of our
fathers and to erect an African Government in
its stead; and it is because you have done this
that I resist and protest against it, again and
again, and from the beginning to the end.
THE NEGRO IS NOT TIIE EQUAL OF THE WHITE MAN.
The negro is not the equal of thewhite man,
much less his master, as your bill makes him ;
and this I can demonstrate anatomically, phys-
iologically, and psychologically too, if neces-
sary. Volumes of scientific authority establish
the fact; I might "pile Pelion on Ossa" to
demonstrate it, if this were a hall of science
for suyli discussions, or if there were time for
such discussions here. All that I have oppor-
tunity to do here is in the fewest words possi-
ble to set forth scientific facts. The negro man
differs more from the white man than a white
man from a white woman, and the difference is
essential, organic, throughout, from the crown
of the head to the very sole of the feet. The
negro is a different creature, with a different
brain and different structural organization and
in every respect inferior to the white governing
man.
TIIE HAIE OK WOOL OP TIIE NEGllO.
The very hair which crowns his head is not
hair, but it is wool, wool, and wool only.
[Laughter.] He who will take the trouble to
examine it through the microscope, micro-
meter, and microtome will see that its struc-
ture is that of wool and not of hair. The hair
of a white man is cylindrical; the section under
the microscope appears perfectly circular, and
provided with a medullary canal, while the
wool of the negro is flattened, so that its sec-
tion exhibits an elongated ellipsis, in the axis
of which no medullary canal is seen. It is this
lateral compression which effects the peculiar
frizzling of the hair, owing to its not taking
place exactly in the direction of the longitudinal
axis of the hair, but ascending in spirals, so
that the hair resembles a spiral spring, which
always returns to its shape when drawn out.
(See M. Pruner Bey, De la Chevelure comme
Caracteristique des Baces Humanes, Carl
Voght, et alios.)
THE SKULL, TIIE BRAIN, THE NECK, THE FOOT, ETC.
The difference is not only in the hair but it
is in the whole anatomical structure of the
head, inside and outside. The negro's face
projects like a muzzle, and the teeth are
obliquely inserted, so that their edges meet
as at projecting angles. The development of
the jaw (prognathism) is in direct relation or
proportion to the intellectual capacity of a
people, the prognathous being confined to the
lowest races of men, among them the negro.
Their cranial capacity is different. The_ vol-
ume of an American or English head is in
cubic centimetres 1572—95, while that of the
negro born in Africa is only 1371—42, and
the place occupied in relation to cranial capa-
city and cerebral weight corresponds with the
degree of intellectual capacity and civilization.
The weight of the white man's brain is greater
than that of the negro. The convolutions of
the brain are different. The anterior and
frontal lobes of the white man show a far bet-
ter mental development. All these assertions
are maintainable by high German, French,
and English, as well as American authority;
but this is not the place nor the hour for met-
aphysical or psychological discussion. Every
feature of the white man and the negro differs.
The nose is different. The nostrils of a Cau-
casian form two nearly rectangular triangles,
the hypothenuses of which are turned out-
ward, while the septum of the nose forms a
perpendicular line common to the two tri-
angles. On taking a similar view of the
negro the nostrils present only a transverse
aperture, or the figure of a horizontal eight
united in the middle by the nasal septum.
The form and size of the mouth, the shape of
the lips and cheeks are very different. The
apish chin of the negro differs very essentially
from that of the white man. The facial angle
of the distinguished writer, Camper, amounts
in the negro to 70.75 degrees—it may sink to
li5—while in the Caucasian it is rarely below
80, and frequently a few degrees higher. The
negro's skull is thicker than the white man's,
the cervical muscles more powerful, and hence
the negro carries his burden on his head, and,
like a ram in a fight, uses his skull. The
negro's shoulder differs from the white man's.
The negro's hand is larger, his fingers long
and thin, palms flat, thumb balls scarcely
prominent. "All the characters of his hand,"
says Carl Yoght, " decidedly approach those
of the simian hand." The leg, the calves
of the leg, all differ from the white man's.
"The femoral bones, as well as the fibula,
seem curved outward, so that the knees are
more apart from each other than in the white."
The pelvis is organically different. ''The foot
of the negro," says Burmeister, "is in every-
thing ugly—flat, of a projecting heel, a thick,
flabby cushion in the inner cavity, with wide,
spreading toes. llic middle part of the foot
does not touch the ground." Voght, the Ger-
man physiologist, calls it " the foot of the go-
rilla, or, if you please, the posterior hand." I
cite these iacts to show that it is not the skin
alone that parts the white from the negro race,
notthe dermis or epidermis, orpigmenttherein.
I could not respect myself if [judged a rnco
inferior to my own because of its color onlv. for
color may be but an incident or accident of life.
We have brunettes as well as blondes, and both
among the most beautiful of our race. The
Egyptian is not white, scarcely is the Italian or
the Spaniard, in whose veins courses Moorish
blood. The negro is no more of a colored man
than Caucasians are colored men. I never use
