1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2„
present necessity for it, I think ive had better not
adopt it, and particularly in view of the'*J>oliey
which lias heretofore prevailed of not limiting
debate in the Senate of the United States for
the very good reasons which have heretofore
been stated. It is something to say that
debate is free in the Senate. It is something
to say that the voices of the men who represent
the_ States of the Union in this body are not
limited. I would desire to have that impres-
sion prevail in our own country and every-
where else as long as we can. Only when
this body has become numerous, its proceed-
ings disorderly, the transaction of business in-
convenient, when there is a pressing and abso-
lute necessity to curb debate in the Senate,
would I agree to the adoption of such a rule.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to suggest to
my friend from Pennsylvania that this rule does
not contravene the policy of which he is so
much in favor. It is not a limitation of debate -
in the Senate of the United States. It is not
intended to operate upon Senators at all. It
is simply a limitation of debate on the part of
counsel who are not members of the Senate,
but who are allowed to address the Senate. It
therefore does not contravene or come in con-
flict with the settled policy of the Senate of
which the Senator is so much in favor.
Mr. President, one of the great difficulties
attending a proceeding of this kind is its delay.
One celebrated case lasted seven years and
then failed as a worn-out, thread-bare pro-
ceeding. Now, sir, in regard to this trial such
arrangements should be made that it can be
conducted with fairness to all parties. It
should not only be fair, but it must seem to be
fair. At the same time such steps should be
taken as to prevent its being protracted indefi-
nitely. The Senate has no choice but to try
an impeachment when it is presented. It is as
much bound to try it as a court is bound to try
a case that may be found upon its docket: but
such steps should be taken that it shall not be
possible that it shall consume an entire session
to the great injury and neglect of other import-
ant business that may be before the Congress
of (he United States. Therefore, as a matter
of duty to the country and to ourselves, while
providing that the trial shall in every respect
be what it ought to be, we should provide that
it shall not be indefinite in its length.
This rule provides that in an important
case, or where the court or the Senate shall
think it necessary, time may be given. Now,
I ask if that is not sufficient? The distin-
guished Senator from Pennsylvania does not
doubt that in any case where an hour upon
each side for the discussion of a motion or in-
terlocutory question is not sufficient the Sen-
ate would give two hours or a day. Nobody
doubts that; and therefore it is left in the dis-
cretion of the Senate to grant an extension of
time where it may be necessary. But this is
simply a precaution, a provision for the pro-
tection of the Senate against inordinate de-
bate, in ordinary cases, on motions or ques-
tions that are not important. I think the rule
ought to stand.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The practice in courts
of justice has been referred to, and it is said
such a practice should govern here. Why, Mr.
President, I suppose the reason why such a
rule is adopted in some of the courts is be-
cause of the multiplicity of cases ; the number
of cases 011 .the calendar. The courts are so i|
crowded with business, ordinarily in the dis-
charge of their duties, that they find it neces-
sary, m order to get through with tlieir dock-
ets, that there shall be a limitation upon the
time of counsel in advocating the cause of their
clients. Rut, sir, how many cases have you
before this high court of impeachment? One
only. You have had three or four since the
foundation of the Government; and on this,
and in reference -to this, the greatest cause
which has ever come before that court, for the
first time it is attempted to limit the time that
the counsel for the defense and the prosecu-
tors on the partof the House shall address the
court. When this one case is disposed of there
is no other to come before you. Is it, there-
fore, proper—does it look well—when you have
but one case to be heard before this court, that
the time of counsel shall be limited? It is
unreasonable.
Even in our own debates upon questions
coming before us as a Senate and in our legisla-
tive character we do not find it proper to limit
the time of Senators. How often is it that
Senators speak for a whole day, sometimes for
two days? Then, sir, when there arc two or
three managers on the part of the House and
two or three counsel on thepart of the accused,
ought their time to be limited? No, sir. Let
every question be fully argued ; let every ques-
tion be argued by every manager on the part
of the House, if fie sees proper to argue it, and
by every counsel on (he part of the accused,
and then when your judgment goes forth be-
fore the American people, and they see that
those conducting the prosecution and those
making the defense have had a full opportunity
to meet every question and to discuss it fully,
and that you have not restricted thein in de-
bate, that you have not put a padlock 011 their
lips and closed their mouths, you may claim
for your judgment the indorsement of public
opinion. But deny either to the managers on
the part of the House or to the counsel on the
part of the defense the privilege of presenting
their views as fully as they may see proper,
and your judgment, whatever it may be, will
not carry with it that commanding weight that
it otherwise would.
It is no answer to this to say that it is in the
power of the court at any time to extend the
period of time allowed. You will have the
power when you are a court to make your rules
just as effectually as you have now before you
are a court; and if you shall find it becomes
necessary to keep this from being a seven years'
trial, or being extended at too great length in
the judgment of Senators, you can interpose
your rule then. In my own State I have never
heard of such a thing as a limitation upon
counsel in the high court of errors and ap-
peals, and such a rule, I apprehend, would not
meet with the appioval of any member of the
bar of that State.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree entirely with the
Senator from Delaware as to the reason which
courts have found for rules limiting time. He
says that reason is found in the multiplicity of
suits and of proceedings. So it is ; and there
is found the reason for this rule which we pro-
pose. Is there not a multiplicity of proceed-
ings before this tribunal ? Certainly there are;
but not of the particular kind referred to here,
the Senator says. Let us test that. I11 the
Supreme Court of the United States there is
a rule limiting the time which counsel may
occupy. Suppose in that court once in a score
of years a particular class of cases came up,
only four in the history of the Government, as
the Senator says; and suppose, as here, the
nature of that case was such as to make the
proceedings more prolix than in any other case, !
would it be rational for the court to say that J
"because this particular case is one of this ]
kind and all the oLhcrbusmess before this tribu- i
nal is of another kind, therefore we will not
enforce our rules?" Now, wc have, the Sen-
ator says, at this time in expectation but one
trial of an impeachment; but we have all the
legislation of thisincumbored session, a session
greatly in urrear, a session greatly crowded with [
multifarious subjects of consideration. Does |
not the reason of the rule, then, apply with ;
concentrated force in the instance In-fore us? \
The Senator from Pennsylvania said that ![
this was an effort to abridge "debate in the Sen- ji
ate, that forum in which debate had not been M
abridged. The Senator from Vermont re- j|
minded him that in the oldest and in the |!
most recent precedents debate in the Senate |]
upon a trial for impeachment had been abso-
lutely inhibited. I do not understand the
Senator to answer that at all, but he says that
counsel were not restricted at that time, in
1804 and in 1830. No, sir, they were not ;
and in the trial of West H. Humphreys re-
cently the question never arose, because it
was a mere paper impeachment, a mere ex
parte proceeding. But counsel were not lim-
ited in 180J-. Neither were counsel then lim-
ited in the State courts of the various States ;
neither were they limited in the Supreme
Court of the United States. I do not remem-
ber precisely when it was adopted, but 1 know
that the rule confining counsel to a certain
time in the Supreme Court is comparatively a
modern rule; because Senators will remember
that when Chief Justice Marshall was on the
bench one gentleman commenced an argu-
ment and another person went to the city of
New York by stage and returned before he
concluded. There was no such rule there
then. 4' that same time there was 110 such
rule in the Senate, and there was no such rule
in the State tribunals ; and at that time or just
before that time one culprit in England was
tried for ten years, and the rulings were such
that Chesterfield said the laws walked and the
trial stood still. Now, we are speaking of an
occasion and of a time in our history when,
in all the tribunals, legislative and judicial,
proceedings have become very multifarious;
and, therefore, it behooves us, I think, to eon-
form the rules we make to the exigency of the
occasion.
Sir, I agree with any Senator, whichever
may be the most liberal in his views upon that
subject, that no trial and no proceeding should
be more deliberate, so far as deliberation tends
to fairness, than the trial which this body is
approaching. But, sir, there are a great many
things to be done by each House of Congress
quite as important to the people of this coun-
try as the disposition of interlocutory motions
upon the trial which is to occur or upon any
other trial; and I insist upon it that we should
see to it that that trial, like the other business
in prospect before the Senate, goes expedi-
tiously and promptly to its conclusion. If we
leave this matter all open it is, as has been
remarked, a reflection, an ungracious reflec-
tion, upon counsel to interpose in such a way
as to assume that the patience of the Senate
has been abused; whereas, if beforehand a
rule is established, which will be relaxed, of
course, in case of necessity, nothing is done
which is ungracious; nothing is done which
is objectionable; but, on the contrary, we con-
form to the settled practice in the Supreme
Court of the Unite,) States, and, so far as I
know, in the highest judicial tribunals of every
State in this Union. I do not mean literally
every State, because I am not familiar with
the proceedings in them all ; but I speak of
my own State, one of the rules in the highest
court of which, and one of the rules of every
other court of which, confines counsel to a
specified and fixed period, which, as has been
said, is always relaxed in any case which de-
mands it. it will be relaxed here. But let
us give notice, not to the two or three mana-
gers, as my friend from Delaware said, but to
the seven managers who, I understand, are to
appear for the House of Representatives, and
to the counsel, the number of which is not
limited, and we know not how many, who are
tu appear 011 the other side, that prima facie
they uift to govern their proceedings so as to
keep within cettaiu limits, and that those limits
will only be enlarged in case of some exigency
in the question itself rendering it appropriate,
ihen nobody is offended; everybody has no-
tice beforehand of what is required; and the
rule is made^ to conform to the rules of the
highest judicial tribunals in Christendom. I
see no objection to it, sir, and 1 hope the rule
will stand.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. I suppose it is
in order to perfect this rule by motion before
the vote is taken 011 striking it oat. There
seems to be propriety in their being some limit
to the discussion of these preliminary interloc-
utory motions. I think that to confine it posi-
tively to an hour is too short a period, and I
shall, therefore, move that it be amended so
that the period shall be two hours. I think
that injustice may be done to the prosecution or
