1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3619
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CHURCHILL, the title
of the bill was amended so as to read, "A bill
extending the jurisdiction of probate courts
and of justices of the peace in the Territories
of Idaho and Montana."
Mr. CHURCHlLL-moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
missouri judicial districts.
Mr. CHURCHILL, from the same commit-
tee, reported back with amendments the bill
(B. 11. No. 348) to provide for holding terms of
the United States district court for the western
district of Missouri at St. Joseph in said State.
The bill was read. It proposes to enact that
the western district of Missouri, as defined by an
act of Congress, approved  , shall be sep-
arated into two divisions, as follows: all that
part of the district which is included in the
counties of Jackson, Ray, Carroll, Chariton,
Macon, Sullivan, and Putnam, and all that lies
to the north and west thereof, shall compose
the western division of the district, and regu-
lar terms of the United States district court
within and for the western district of Missouri
shall be held at St. Joseph, in that division,
on the first Mondays of May and November in
each year; and adjourned terms of the court,
as now authorized by law, may also be held at
St. Joseph.
The second section provides that the clerk
of the court shall appoint a deputy, whose duty
it shall be, in addition to his other duties, to
reside at St. Joseph, and to keep an office
there, and authorizes and empowers him to do
and perform in the name of his principal all
acts and things which the clerk can or lawfully
may do. And the marshal for the western
district of Missouri is required to keep an office
in St. Joseph, and in person or by deputy to
ba ready, at all reasonable times, to execute
ths process of the court in that division, and
to perform all other duties devolving on him
as marshal for said district.
The third section provides that all that part
of the western district of Missouri which is not
included in the western division thereof, as
defined by this bill, shall constitute the eastern
division of the district, in which terms of the
United States district court, as now provided
by law, shall be held.
The fourth section provides that all suits not
of a local nature, may be brought in that divis-
ion of the district in which the defendants, or
one of them resides, and duplicate writs shall
be served upon the other defendants before
they shall be required to appear to the suit or
other proceeding.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
following amendments :
Amend tlie first section by striking out, in lines
twelve and thirteen the words "on the first Mon-
days of May and November in cach year," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words "on the fourth
Monday of May in each year, a,nd at the citv of Kan-
sas, in said division, on the 4tli day of November
in each year;" and odd at the end of the section the
■words "and the city of Kansas."
Ifill the blank in the fourth line by inserting
"March 3,1857," and fiU the blank in line five by
inserting the words "an act to divide the State of
Missouri into two judicial districts'."
Amend the title by inserting after the words " St.
Joseph" the words "and the city of Kansas."
Mr. SPALDING. 1 would like to know
■what the necessity is of this measure?
Mr. CHURCHILL. The State of Missouri
at the present time is divided into two judicial
districts, much the larger proportion of the
territory being included in the western dis-
trict. The terms of the United States district
court in that district are now all held at Jeffer-
son City, which is nearly on the eastern limit
of the district. The cities of Kansas and St.
Joseph, which are near the western limit, have
become cities of considerable population and
business, and Enuch the larger portion of the
business of the court arises in that portion of
the State. The recent decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States by which the admi-
ralty jurisdiction of the United States courts
has been extended over the rivers has largely
increased the necessity felt by the people of
those cities for a term of the court to be held
there, and it is for the purpose of accommo-
dating that necessity that this bill has been
introduced.
Mr. SPALDING. I did not know that it
was the policy of our Government to extend
Federal courts into every county. Where there
are two divisions in a State it is commonly
thought to be enough. Now, if business has
fallen off at one place, let them transfer the
seat of justice to another. I object to increas-
ing the number of district courts in a State
above two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wouldlike
to know what the increased expense will be?
Mr. SPALDING. The expense is nothing.
I am against the policy of the law.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will say, in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, that Jefferson City,
where the courts are now held, is the capital
of the State, and it would be proper that some
terms of the court should be held there, while
the city of St. Joseph is two hundred miles
distant. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments were severally agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
district courts of new york.
Mr. CHURCHILL, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with an amendment, House
bill No. 446, to amend an act entitled "An act
to create the eastern judicial district of the
State of New York," approved February 25,
1865.
The first section of the bill provides that the
section of the act entitled "An act to create
the eastern judicial district of the State of
New York" shall be amended by striking
therefrom the word "Suffolk" and inserting
in place thereof the word "Richmond."
The second section provides that any civil
action or proceeding arising out of any rev-
enue law of the United States, which may
have been instituted or be pending in the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York, or in the eastern
district of New York, may at any time before
final judgment in the district court in which it
is pending, or on motion of the district attor-
ney, be transferred to the district court of the
same district; and upon the order to that effect
being entered in any such cause it shall be the
duty of the clerk ot the circuit court forthwith
to transmit to the district court all the papers,
documents, and proceedings in such cause; and
upon the entry of any such order the said dis-
trict court shall have full power and authority
to proceed with said cause, and hear and de-
termine the same, and make all orders, take
all proceedings, and render all decrees which
said circuit court might have made, taken, or
rendered had not such cause been transferred
as aforesaid; and any such cause instituted or
pending in the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York,
or in the district court of the United States
for the eastern district of New York, may also,
in like manner and with like effect, be trans-
ferred from such district court to the circuit
court for said district; and for all purposes of
appeal or writ of error every cause so trans-
ferred shall be regarded as a cause originally
commenced in the court to which it shall be
so transferred.
The third section provides that in order to
facilitate the dispatch of business in the courts
of the United States in the port of New York
the judge of the southern district of New York
shall hereafter reside within the limits of the
city of New York; and the judge of the east-
ern district of New York shall hereafter reside
withinthe limits of the city of Brooklyn ; and
in addition to the monthly terms of the district
courts now required by law to be held in said
cities, there shall be held ,by one of said judges
a daily sitting at chambers in the city of New
York, except Sundays, holidays, and the sum-
mer vacation; and any cause which may or can
by law be determined without a jury may be
then heard at chambers with like effect as if
heard at a regular term of the court. And the
marshals of the districts above mentioned shall
hereafter, out of the sums allowed for the
expenses of the courts in their respective dis-
tricts, pay quarterly to said judges respectively
a sum sufficient to make the yearly compensa-
tion of said judges, including the salaries now
payable to them by law, equal to the yearly
compensation of the judges of the supreme
court of the State in and for the city and
county of New Y ork; which sums shall be
allowed in the accounts of such marshals.
The fourth section provides that whenever
it shall appear to any district or circuit court
of the United States, upon the last day of any
term thereof, that the grand jury of such court
have before them business then unfinished but
proper to be concluded by such jury, the court
may, by order, continue such grand jury and
the sittings thereof to the next term of the
court; and thereupon the acts and proceed-
ings of the grand jury so continued shall have
the same validity and effect as if such grand
jury had been originally summoned and sworn
for the term to which they have been so con-
tinued.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out the portion of the third section
authorizing the marshals to pay the judges a
certain sum necessary to make their annual
compensation equal to the compensation of
the judges of the supreme court of the State
of New York, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
The salaries of cach of said judges shall bo tho
same as that of the district judge of the district of
California, to wit, $5,000 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I sup-
pose the salary is now fixed twice. I move to
strike out one of the clauses.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Thatis stricken out of
the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I notice from the read-
ing of the bill that it proposes to increase the
salary of the district judges in the city of New
York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chcrch-
ili<] what is the present salary of those judges ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. The salary of thejudges
of the first and second district is §4,000. This
bill makes it $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move to strike out the provision making
that increase.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The bill as originally
framed proposed to give the district judges in
the city of New York the same compensation
now paid to the judges of the State of New
York residing in the city, $10,000. But that
provision has been struck out, and we propose
simply to make the salary of these judges the
same as that of the judge of the district of
California, which is $5,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rose
to move to strike out all that part of the bill
referring to salary, leaving it as fixed by the
present law, $4,000.
Mr. SPALDING. We raised all these
salaries last year.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, when the
salaries of these judges was fixed two years
ago, the salary of the judge of the district ot
California was fixed at $5,000; the Sfwary of
the judge of the district of Louisiana at $4,o00 ;
