1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strike out the word "date," and to insert the
word ''passage;" and also to strike out the
word "said" andnnsert "this."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as'thus amended, reads as follows:
Be it enacted, d'c., That section six of an act en-
titled " An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion ofarailroad andtelegraphiinefromtheCentrai
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, in Ore-
gon," approved July 25,1866, be so amended as to
provide that, instead of the times now fixed in said
section, the first section of twenty miles of said rail-
road and telegraph shall bo completed within two
years from the passage of this act, and atleast twenty
miles in each three years thereafter, and the whole
on or before the 1st day of July, A. D. 1880.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Oregon whether this is
anything more than a mere extension of time ;
whether it affects any other rights or not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Maine, that it
does not. It simply extends the time without
affecting any right whatever. It does not take
a dollar from the Treasury of the United States,
or a foot of land from the United States; but
it simply extends the time. The road has been
commenced. Of course in a new country like
Oregon it is very difficult to commence the
construction of a road of this description ; but
it has been commenced in good faith, and the
company are now progressing with the work,
and they simply desire a little extension of this
time, so that there shall be no forfeiture of
what land they may have under the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
creek indians.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform the Senate, at as early a day as
practicable, the reasons why a large number of per-
sons enrolled as Creek Indians by the Creek agent in
the spring of 1867, were stricken from said rolls and
payment of their per capita dividend refused.
department op arkansas.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate a copy of the report
of Inspector General Marcy, made in 1864, and the
condition of the department of Arkansas and tlie
Indian territory.
william ii. iiar5ian.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 183.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S, No. 183) for the relief of
William II. Ilarman. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to remit and release to William
H. Harman the internal revenue tax assessed
on five hundred and six gallons of whisky of his
manufacture, the same having been destroyed
by fire before removal from the distillery, and
before its sale.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I beg leave to state
to the Senate that this bill passed, after a very
considerable discussion, during the session of
the winter a year ago, went to the House, and
failed there for want of time. It has twice
passed the Finance Committee, and I appre-
hend it will not take long to consider it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. What committee does that
claim come from?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont The Com-
mittee on Finance.
The bill was passed.
adjournment sine die.
Mr. MORPnILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up for consideration House bill
No. 780. It will take but a moment, I think,
to pass it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CON KLIN Gr. While the Secretaryis
looking for that bill, I ask my friend-to allow
me to offer a resolution, to lie on the table. I
ask that the resolution be read ; I will not ask
any action upon it now, but will call it up here-
after.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved by the Henate of the United States, (the
House of Kepresentatives concurring,) That the
President of the' Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives adjourn their respective Houses
sine die onSattlrday, thol3th of June next, at twelve
o'clock m.
medical history of the war.
Mr. ANTHONY. As there seems to bo
some difficulty in finding the bill of the Sena-
tor from Maine, I ask the Senate to take up the
joint resolution providing for the publication
of the medical and surgical history of the war.
If we are going to publish it at all it should
be provided for now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to
provide forthepublication-of the medical and
surgical history of the rebellion and the medi-
ical statistics of the provost marshal general's
bureau.
The resolution provides that the appropria-
tion made in an act approved July 28, 1866,
for publishing the medical and surgical history
of the rebellion and the medical statistics of
the provost marshal general's bureau may be
expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, for the purpose of preparing
those works for publication, and directs the
Congressional Printer to print the same, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. ANTHONY. This appropriation was
passed at the last Congress in a general ap-
propriation bill. It did not come from the
Committee on Printing, and the original meas-
ure never was under the consideration of that
committee. The appropriation is so worded
that the Congressional Printer thinks it must
be applied to the ordinary cost of the publica-
tion, setting the type, paper, binding, &c.
This resolution transfers the whole of the ap-
propriation to the preparation of the work,
engraving plates, &c., leaving the publication
to be provided for, as all other publications
are, and as I suppose this was intended to be,
out of the general appropriation for the public
printing. This work, Senators are aware, is
an exceedingly expensive one; and I think it
is a very valuable one. I do not wish the Sen-
ate to pass upon the question without under-
standing what it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. What-is the work, may I
ask?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is ^ the " Medical and
Surgical History of the Rebellion," prepared
under the direction of the Surgeon General.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Printing what
has become of a resolution that I offered, and
which was referred to that committee some
three months since, providing for the printing
and circulation of a large number of copies of
the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office? That document is very
mucli wanted by the people in all the land
States, and, indeed, it is sought for in Europe.
Many persons are writing for it; but it is im-
possible to obtain it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think that is
exactly pertinent to this subject, but still I will
answer the question very cheerfully. We have
been engaged in the impeachment trial for the
last three months, and have attended to no
legislative business. It has been impossible
to bring a report before the Senate or to get
up any subject which could engage its atten-
tion ; and on days when we have tried to do
legislative business some Senators—I know the
Senator from Minnesota is not of that num-
ber—were constantly voting for adjourning
very early. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to ask the chair- j
man a further question : whether it is probable, |
now that impeachment is over, as 1 am told it I
is, that this matter will engage the attention of
the committee, and we can soon look for a
report?
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is time to con-
sider the subject between the end of this
impeachment and the beginning of another
we shall certainly bring it up.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator know
what the expense would be?
Mr. ANTHONY. Of this work?
Mr. POMEROY". Of this work. '
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not suppose this
work will cost less than one hundred and fifty
or two hundred thousand dollars when com-
pleted. I presume it will take two or three
years to complete it. I think that is the esti-
mate which the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] who intioduced the measure,
put upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As this
resolution is leading to debate, the Chair feels
finder obligation to lay it aside and call up the
bill which the Seriate agreed, on the motion of
the Senator from Maine, to consider.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That bill, I
understand, is now before the Senate.
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. It is regu-
larly before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope this resolution
will be allowed to come up next. I want it
disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall not
object to that.
ports of delivery.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. i?86) declaring St. George and
Boothbay, in the State of Maine, and San
Antonio, Texas, ports of delivery, and author-
izing the establishment of bonded warehouses
at Bucksport and Vinalhaven, in the State of
Maine, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and will be read.
The bill was read.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by inserting aftei- !tlfe word
" Saluria," inline six, the words "and Bucks-
port and Vinalhaven and North Haven, in the
State of Maine, in the district of Castme and
Belfast, respectively."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Commerce further pro-
posed to amend the bill by striking out the fol-
lowing clause, from lino nine to line eighteen:
And that the privileges and provisions of the act
entitled "An act to extend the warehousing system
by establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes," approved March 28, 1854, be. und
the same are hereby, extended to the said ports,
under such legulatious as may bo prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury; and th;it, the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
establish private bonded warehouses at Bucksport
and Vinalhaven, in the State of Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
Be -it enacted, That St. Ueorge and Boothbay,
in the State of Maine, ill the collection districts of
Wahloboro and Wiscassett, respectively, and San
Antonio. Texas, in the collection district of Saluria,
and Buckspoit and Vinalhaven and Xorth Haven,
in the State of Maine, in the district of Castme and
Belfast, respectively, be, and tlie same are hereby,
declared uorts of delivery : 1'rovided, That nothing
in this act contained shall occasion additional ex-
pense to the Government of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. Morkiix, of Maine, its
title was amended to read : "A bill declaring
St. George. Boothbay, Bucksport,, and Vinal-
haven, in the State of Maine, and San.Anto-
nio, Texas, ports of delivery."
national life insurance company.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration ot the unfinished business of yes-
terday. The reading of the bill then under
consideration was nearly completed, and I
