1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
to the defense by restricting the debate to one
counsel on a side. It may deprive the one
party or the other of talents which he considers
valuable to him ; and I shall, therefore, move
to strike out that part of the rule. I propose
also to add to the rule that the extension of
time shall be applied for before the argument
commences; because if one party enters upon
this debate under the rule and confines his
argument to the hour or to half an hour, re-
serving the other half, it would be injustice to
that party afterward to change the rule. In
all the states where there is a limitation of
time, with the privilege of having it extended
by the court, that order for more time must be
made before the argument commences. I
therefore move to modify this rule by striking
out in the second line the words "by one person
only on each side and," and, in the same line,
by striking out "one hour" and inserting "two
hours,'' and by adding to the rule the words
" before the argument commences;" so that it
will read:
All preliminary or interlocutory questions and all
motions shall bo argued for not exceeding two hours
on each side, unless the court shall, by order, extend
the time beforo the argument commences.
With the rule thus modified I shall be pre-
pared to vote for it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I concur with the Sena-
tor from New Jersey in the suggestion that this
rule ought to be amended in one respect. I
think that the limitation of the debate to one
person on each side ought to be stricken out,
so that the prosecution, having an hour, may
divide the hour as they see proper among the
persons who are conducting the prosecution.
1 see no necessity for confining the argument to
any particular counsel. Onecounselmayopen
the argument upon a motion and address the
court for one half hour, and another counsel
may conclude the argument by addressing the
court for another half hour; so that that amend-
ment seems to me to be entirely reasonable and
proper.
But I do not see the particular necessity, I
must confess, for extending the time so far as
this rule is concerned. The probabilities arc
that all questions of a preliminary nature will
relate to the admissibility of evidence, except
such questions as may be considered and dis-
cussed upon the final argument. I do not re-
gard the proceedings in this case as exactly
similar to proceedings in other courts, because
it does not seem to me that any question can
arise affecting the jurisdiction or the suffi-
ciency of the articles of impeachment, or as to
whether the guilt or innocence of the accused
is established, that may not be discussed upon
the final argument. But questions may arise
asto the admissibility of evidence; and I should
think those questions might properly be dis-
cussed within one hour. But, if it be proper to
make the remark at this time, I do think that
this next rule restricting the final argument to
two persons on each side ought to be consider-
ably changed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not reached that
yet.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that: I not
propose to discuss that point, but simply to
suggest that so far as these preliminary ques-
tions are concerned, in my opinion, an hour
affords sufficient time; because all the prin-
cipal questions that may arise affecting the
merits of the case may, and no doubt will, be
sufficiently discussed upou the final argument.
Take the question that was suggested by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky the other
day as to whether or not this body is a con-
stitutional Senate. That question, although it
may be brought up as a preliminary question
in the case, can be discussed and decided as
well upon the final argument as at any stage
of the proceedings ; and so with most questions
of that nature. So for as the mere question as
to whether a certain item of evidence shall or
shall not be received, it seems to me that one
hour ought to be sufficient; and I think that
there is necessity for expedition in this trial as
far as practicable, being careful at all times to
do justice to all parties concerned.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the rule as it will stand with the amendment
of the Senator from New Jersey.
The Secretary. The rule, if amended as
proposed, will read as follows:
20. All preliminary or interlocutory questions and
all motions shall be argued for not exceeding two
hours on each side, unle?s the court shall by order
extend the time before the argument commences,
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see any particular
objection to the amendment, so far as it allows
more than one person to participate in the
argumentupon preliminary questions, although,
for convenience sake, it would be better ordi-
narily to confine such discussions to one counsel
on each side; but I have no objection to the
extension of the time from one hour to two
hours for the discussion of preliminary ques-
tions. Wc know quite well that in such pro-
ceedings preliminary questions become, or may
become, very numerous ; and there are ques-
tions which assume a merely preliminary char-
acter, but which in themselves relate really to
the merits of the case; as, for instance, sup-
pose a motion should be made upon an im-
peachment here to quash the impeachment. I
need not say to the Senator from New Jersey
that that motion would necessarily involve the
legality of the whole proceeding. It would be
in the nature of a demurrer to the charge con-
tained in the articles of impeachment. It
would be, in other words, a denial of the suffi-
ciency of the charges contained in those arti-
cles. Of course it would open the entire field
of discussion as to the legal sufficiency of the
charges or of the facts set forth in the articles
in the present, or, rather, in the contemplated
case. Suppose a motion should be made to
quash the impeachment, noticc of which has
been given to us; it would open a complete
nest of legal questions, and counsel could ex-
pend their efforts upon it for hours and days
and even months.
Take, for instance, the question in relation
to the jurisdiction of the Senate which was
raised on Satuiday last by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] Why, sir, an
ingenious counselor could spend several days,
not to say several weeks, in discussing that
question. A counselor, if he saw fit so to do,
might come in before us and recite all the ar-
guments that we have heard here, and else-
where about the illegality and unconstitution-
ality of the present Congress of the United
States. It opens a perfectly illimitable field
of not only legal discussion but, what would be
infinitely worse, political and partisan discus-
sion. So, if there were a formal demurrer put
in, which would be a preliminary question in
the nature of an interlocutory motion, that
proceeding would involve the same considera-
tions. Would the Senate be willing to sit and
hear questions of this kind discussed from day
to day and week to week, which we must, after
all, determine ujion the final hearing in the
shape of our final judgment? For all these
questions may be made to the Senate sitting
as a court of impeachment, and should be
made properly by counsel for the accused upon
the filial hearing of the case upon the merits.
They are there available as much so as they
would be upon a preliminary motion.
Another thing, sir. Suppose a motion should
be made for a postponement of the trial upon
the ground of the absence of a witness. The
court might see fit to call upon the counsel who
asks for the postponement to state what he
expected to prove by his absent witness, and
it might be proposed by the other counsel to
admit the facts if they were found to be rele-
vant and competent in order to expedite the
trial. This would give rise to another and a
long discussion, upon which hours and days
might be expended in professional discussion
before us. I might enumerate a great number
of other questions that would arise prelimi-
narily upon the .trial.
It seems to me, therefore, that we had better
establish some general rule by which the pro-
ceedings upon preliminary questions may be
reasonably abbreviated and kept within reason-
able limits. That is all the committee iutended
by the twentieth rule. If the question becomes
one of manifest importance, if it is thought to
be of great importance to the counsel, I have
no doubt that the time would be on all occasions
extended so as to meet the views of counsel.
I should certainly be in favor of that.
But, sir, I am not in favor of allowing coun-
sel, however eminent they may be, to come
before us and to expend the public time use-
lessly and unnecessarily upon matters which
must necessarily be passed upon by us upon the
merits. 1 am too old a lawyer not to know the
danger into which counsel, however eminent
they may be, aud especially if they are not very
eminent, run in spinning out the time upon the
trial of an accusation. One object is ta stave
off, ordinarily, to use a common phrase, and to
obtain time, hoping that something may turn up
in the course of the lapse of time that may be
favorable to the accused.
What I am anxious for, Mr. President, is
that the trial of which we have received notice
shall be, in all respects, perfectly fair, both to
the House of Representatives and to the ac-
cused ; that the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth shall be laid before the
Senate sitting as a high court of impeachment;
and that upon that evidence and upon their own
mature views of the law and of constitutional
duty the case maybe brought to a speedy, that
is, a seasonably early, termination; for we all
know that there are other interests demanding
our attention; interests which we must look
after; interests which we cannot and must not
postpone, either for this trial or for any other
object or purpose in the world. I hope, sir,
the rule will not be amended so as to extend
the time for arguing these preliminary motions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It occurs to me
that two of the suggestions of the Senator from
New Jersey are eminently fit and would im-
prove this rule : first, that we should allow
more than one counsel to speak upon the same
side ; and secondly, that, in case ail extension
of the time is desired, notice should be given
of that desire before the argument is entered
upon. As to the rest of the amendment,
whether the time should be extended, I am
quite doubtful. It seems to me that upon or-
dinary motions, and upon questions strictly pre-
liminary, an hour would be enough. In mo-
tions for delay, motions which ordinarily arise
in the conduct of a suit, one hour, it seems to
me, is adequate. If a question should arise
which is preliminary in the sense of an inter-
locutory judgment, or preliminary in the sense
of jurisdiction to the court, where an extended
argument might be deemed desirable, then
notice could be given, and of course the Sen-
ate would give the additional time. I suggest
that with the amendments proposed b3' the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, to the effect that more
than one counsel might speak to the same ques-
tion, and with the requirement that if an ex-
tension of the time be required notice should
be given "before the discussion commences, the
rule would be sufficiently liberal as it is ; that
an hour would be sufficient for ordinary mo-
tions ; and both the counscl for the prosecution
and for the defense might reasonably rely upon
the judgmcntof the court to give the extension
in any case which was not simply an ordinary
motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should prefer very much
that there should be no limitation of time in a
ease of this character, because in the cases that
have heretofore occurred, where the party im-
peached did not stand in the relation to the
Government that the President of the United
States does, no such limitation was made, and
I do not know that the country suffered prac-
tically from the absence of such a limitation.
I think it very advisable that the trial should
be conducted with at least as much apparent
liberality and fairness as were the trials which
have heretofore occurred of the same kind, I
