T2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ho. oe Reps.
[December 18,
Reconstruction—Mr. Brooks.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Turks, under the banner of the prophet, and
their crescent swept over almost the same
breadth of territory that the Arabs had gone
over before them. If they paused at the pil-
lars of Hercules in the West, their cimeters
Hashed in the East under the walls of Vienna,
and swept off every living man that showed
himself on the open plains of Austria or Bohe-
mia. But alas! they entered upon the same
degraded crime of amalgamation and misce-
genation, and they soon emasculated these once
heroic Turks, the approach of whose crescent
had^made the Christian tremble in every court
of Europe, and upon every navigable internal
sea. In their harems the thick-lipped, woolly-
headed negro woman was mixed up with the
beautiful Circassian and Georgian, and child-
ren of all hues and colors and raecs were the
product of this hateful miscegenation; and
God—even the God of Mohammed—has pun-
ished the Moslem by his own degradation and
his overthrow for violating that first law of
nature—the preservation of the purity of race.
The crescent no more waves in terror under the
walls of Malta, as pirate or corsair, no more
affrights on the Adriatic or the Danube, but,
trembles in doubtful existence on the Sea of
Marmora. I myself have seen in Constanti-
nople around a mosque where the sultan was
at prayer some thirty or forty beautiful Cir-
cassians and Georgians of his harem kissing
the hand of a eunuch, an Rthiopian, a negro
selected from the interior of Africa as the cus-
todian of these women, and who thus had be-
come their master. The moment the Turk thus
associated himself with the negro or negress and
recognized him or her either as brother or sister,
from that hour the Turkish empire began to
crumble until it now exists only by the tolera-
tion of the Christian Powers of Europe.
TBI! MOORS AND TIIB NEGROES NEXT.
Let gentlemen, then, butstudy the history of
the Arabs in their mixture of races; let them
but study the history of the Turks, let them
but study the history of Morocco, if they will
ever take the trouble to study at all, and they
will see what, a fatal,step they are taking now
in equalizing unnatural races, or rather in
subjecting the superior white race of the South
to negroes from Africa. Muley Ismael was
emperor of Morocco about 1(330, and he had a
negro as well as a Georgian wife, between
whom and others were born from him, the his-
torian records, eight hundred children, the last
born when he was near eighty years of age.
This Muley Ismael, in order to do what you
in this Congress are doing, that is, to enforce
a military despotism upon his people, neglected
the Moors, and enlisted an army of one hun-
dred thousand negroes, obtained from the coast
of Guinea. Through civil war and bloodshed,
and for over one hundred years, as you will
find in the history of Morocco written by Che-
nier, the Moors were in the most miserable
condition a people eould be in, almost all the
time under the power of these negroes, these
janizaries, these pretorian guards of the em-
peror, and they never ceased in their insolent
demands and pretensions. It was not till 1780
that these one hundred thousand negroes could
of by any device; and then through
bidi Mahomet, by cunning and fraud, they
were reduced to fifteen thousand before they
noted their weakness. It took a hundred 3'ears
for the Moorish race to recover itself from the
latal crime of Muley Ismael; and it will cost
a hundred years to recover from your legisla-
tion i f the people continue you in power another
election.
THF. LATIN-SPANISH AND TI1K ANOLO-SAXOV RACE 4.S
SHITI-EI1S ON THE AMERICAN CONTIXEXT.'
But I need not go to the Mediterranean. I
need not cross the Atlantic to show the fatal
step yon are taking by this reconstruction bill
111 going into this copartnership with negroes.
Oui continent has been settled by two classes
of men—Anglo-Saxon, Celt, and Teuton in
the North, and the Spanish-Latin race in the
South. God never made a nobler race of men
Man the old hidalgos of Spain, who, under
Columbus, in a little caravel of forty tons,
started on the trackless Atlantic in search of
the then unknown America. God never made
a nobler race, I repeat, than these hidalgos of
Spain. What did they do? They ran all along
the Gulf ot Mexico, from Florida, on the north,
to Cape Horn, on the southern verge of South
America. Theysettled Mexico and Venezuela,
New Granada and Chili, and Peru, and coast-
ing all the northern Pacific imprinted the holy
classic names of old Spain upon the now golden
mountains and wine-covered valleys of the
State ol California. They climbed the snow-
clad Cordilleras, and planted their banner on
every hill and every valley of Mcxico, Peru, and
Chili. They drove Montezuma from the halls
ot his Aztec ancestors, and under Cortcz and
L'izarro, Peruvian, Mexican, and semi-bar-
barian civilization fell before the mighty prow-
ess of their arms. Their heroic deeds, their
lofty chivalry, their Christian loyalty now read
more like the romances of a Froissart than, as
they are, the true records of history.
Our Anglo-Saxon lathers started later from
the shores of England and landed upon the
rock of ^Plymouth or upon the flats of James-
town.^ The Puiitan himself, trembling over his
rock for awhile, in terror of the tomahawk, ven-
tured at last 011 what was then deemed gigantic
heroism. lie crossed the Connecticut and the
Hudson, and slowly crept up the Mohawk, and
halted lor years and years upon lakes Erie,
Ontario, and Huron. The cavaliers of James-
town threaded their way up the river James,
stealthily wound over the passes of the Allegha-
nies, and looked down at last with astonish-
ment and affright upon la bcUerioiire of Ohio.
But all this time these heroic hidalgos of Spain
were spreading the name and fame of Castile
and Arragon throughout the whole American
continent, from Florida, on the north, to Cape
Horn, on the south, and lrom Cape ITorn to
California, while our Anglo-Saxon nice stood
shivering upon the Ohio and Lake Erie without
the courage to advance further. What, sir,
happened then? What has produced this dif-
ference between us and the lofty hidalgo?
Why are they fallen, these men of the Armada,
so exalted among all the nations of the earth,
who made our ancestors in the days of Queen
Elizabeth tremble 011 the throne? Why was
it that in the Mexican war one regiment of our
Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, Teutonic blood, again and
again put whole regiments of these once noble
hidalgos of Spain to (light at Ciiepultepec. the
Garita, and elsewhere? 1 will tell you why,
sir. The Latin, the Spanish race, freed from
that instinct of ours which abhors all hybrid
amalgamation, leveled in a fatally templing
admixture of blood—indulged in social and
governmental copartnership with Aztecs, In-
dians, negroes, one and all.
The pure blood, the azure blood of the old
hidalgos of Spain, lost and drained, dishonored
and degraded, has dwindled into nothing, while
the pure blood of the Anglo-Saxons, the Celts,
the Teutons, abhorring all such association and
amalgamation with the negro or the Indian, has
leaped over Lake Erie, crossed la belle riviere,
the great Father of Waters, the Mississippi,
crowded the mountain passes of Colorado, Utah,
Nevada, and Montana, rolled over the Kocky
mountains, and spread for hundreds of miles
on the Pacific ocean—carrying not only there
but everywhere, triumphant from the Arctic to
the Antarctic, the glorious flag of our country,
that emblem of a pure race, and ever contrast-
ing the glory and honor, the piowess of that
race with the degradation of the race of these
once noble hidalgos of Spain.
Sir, you are on the eve now of an association
and copartnership with a like inferior race
which, if the people do not drive you from this
Capitol, will be destructive of us all as has been
a like copartnership to the Spaniards, the
Turks, the Moors, and the Arabs. I have
recalled these sacred lessons of history, and I
hold them up to you for your admonition and
warning. Ileed, oh, heed! Strike, buthcar!
I have here, sir, and will publish in a note a
table of the different admixtures of races which
have brought about the utter degradation of
the white race in parts of Spanish America,
and I hold them up to you as what you are
legislating to make of us.*
Now, sir, this may be the last time in this
Congress when I shall have an opportunity
thus atlength to address a white audience upon
the floor of this House. [Laughter. ] Aye, you
are so hurrying up this reconstruction, as you
call it, that the African will soon come down
from your galleries and make his appearance
here upon the floor, side by side with you, as
a man and a brother. He is soon to be with
you and part of you a Representative upon
this floor. I tell you, gentlemen, that you make
a fatal political mistake, for it will not be acqui-
esced in by the northern people, and your vio-
lent revolutionary acts here will be resisted in
the elective tribunals elsewhere. In order to
obtain a few additional negro representative
votes upon this floor from the South you are
* ME MISCEGKXATION IS PREPAEATIOX FOB US.
The subjoined list shows the parentage of tile dif-
ferent variety of half-castes, and also their designa-
tions, in Peru:
Parents. Cliildrca.
AVhite father and Mulatto, 1, or pure mulatto;
negro mother. half white, half negro.
Whito father and Mestizo, 2, 01* pure mestizo ;
Indian mothor. half white, half Indian.
Indian father and Chino, 3, or pure Zambo;
negro mothor. halt Indian, halt negro.
Whito father and Cuateron, 4, 01- mulatto va-
mulatto mother. rioty; three fourths white,
. on? fourth negro.
whito fattier and Creole, 5, or mestizo va-
mestizo mother. rioty; three fourths white,
. „ 0110 fourth Indian.
White father and Chmo-blanco, or Zambo-
Chuui mother. mestizo variety; one half
white, one fourth Indian." one
fourth negro.
White father and Quintero, 0, or mulatto va-
Cuarterona mother. rioty; four fifths white, one
fifth negro.
White fattier and , White, or mulatto va-
quintera mother. rioty; nine ninths white, one
ninth negro.
i\egro father and Zambo, 8, or pure Zambo:
Indian mother. halt' negro, half Indian
Negro father and Zambo-negrooi-Zambowith
mulatto mother. white; three fourths negro
„ one tourth white.
JNesrro father and Mulatto-oseuro or Zambo
mestizo mother. with white pud Indian: luilf
negro, one fourth Indian, one
,T „ fourth whito.
.Negro hither and _ Zambo-ohino or Zambo va-
Ciima mother. 1 lety; three fourths negro, ono
AT „ „ , fourth Indian.
.Negro fatiier and Zambo-nom-o or Zambo va-
Zambo mothor. nety; quite black; nine tenths
w  ... , negio, one ninth Indian.
.Ne^io father and Mulatto dark or mulatto
qumtera mother. variety: foul: filths negro one
rv <■ . Aft'1 white.
, ,l,'ln father and Chino-oseuro or Zambo and
mulatto mother. white variety; half Indian
one fourth negro, one fourth
T ,. j, white.
Indian father and Mcstizo-claro or mestizo
mestizo mother. variety, said to be often boa™
titul; three fourths Indi an,
T , one fourth white.
Indian father and ' Chino-eholo " or Zambo
China mother. variety; two thirds Indian"
rv r , one third negro.
Indian father and Zambo-claro or Zambo va-
Zambo mothor. riety ; three fourtt™ndiaS
1 n ,, , one lourth negro.
riv/H i. father and Indian with frizzly hair or
Chmo-ehola mothei. Zambo variety; four 'fifths
Indian father and :™'
uumtor'ilimilia,. avu..u/o, i«unei oionn. or
yuuteramothei. Zambo variety, with white;
tureo iiiths Indian, one liftli
f J.T. t hogto, ono IHtli whito.
ZaniUl«°oS:rand
white; three fifths ncjrio. ono
Mulatto /'I fifth white.
-SiSSr-
fifths white, one fifth negro
cassae-- rHFS zhrt,jo tva~
fitvi ' 1 foiiiG white; two
onefifnth^kiV™flfthslQdian-
Besides the hnlf-onstes hero cmimoi-jtn/i
many others not distinguished by parSouL^nam^
