3820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
llie salary of the judges of the eastern and
southern districts of New York at $4,000. The
statistics furnished by the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and embodied in the last annual report
of the Treasury Department, show that these
judges in the city oi New York do more than
quadruple the work done by the judge in the
district of California; and no one, I think, will
claim that, the expense of living in the city of
New York is less than the expense of living in
the city of San Francisco. There is evidently
no propriety in exacting from the judges in the
district of New York quadruple the labor per-
formed by the judges in California, and yet
allowing them but four fifths of the pay. The
salaries paid to the judges of these two dis-
tricts, who are itien of the highest character
for talent and industry, should bear some re-
lation to the salaries paid to other judicial
officers in the city of New York ; and yet the
ward justices in that city are paid at the present
time $6,000 perannmn, orraore than the judges
of the United States residing there, and more
than this bill proposes to give them.
Mr. WASHBUHNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ciiuiichill,]
to yield to me for a few minute's.
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 will do so.
Mr. WAS11BURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, only a year or two ago Congress
adjusted the salaries of all these United States
judges upon what was deemed a fair, just, and
equitable basis.
Mr. SPALDING. Only at the last session
of Congress.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. Only at
the last session we adopted what was inlended
as a definite settlement of this matter; yet now
it is proposed in this special bill to raise the
salaries of the district judges in thecity of New
York. I have no doubt that these two gen-
tlemen, Judge Blatchford and Judge Benedict,
arc good judges, and perhaps their salaries are
not adequate, but I do protest against this
special legislation. As the gentleman has
spoken in regard to the amount of duty per-
formed by these judges, I undertake to say that
the judge of the northern district of Illinois,
who gets precisely the same salary as these
judges in New York now get, works as many
hours as they; and I do not know any reason
why a discrimination should be made between
them. It these two district judges are to have
their salaries raised, 1 insist that the salaries
of other judges who have just as much to do
should also be increased.
Mr. CHURCHILL. In answer to what has
been said by the gentleman from Illinois, I
will inform him that while during the lust year
eight hundred and seventy-three suits in which
the United States was a party were commenced
in the southern district of New York, there
were only two hundred and eighty-two in the
district in Illinois to which the gentleman has
referred. This bill, instead of requiring these
judges to hold court as it is held by the judges
in the State of Illinois, requires that they shall
sit, daily during the year, with the exception of
Sundays and holidays and the summer vaca-
tion. The amount of labor of these judges is
very great, and it is but fair they should have
the inconsiderable increase of salary proposed
for them by this bill. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Stevexs, of Penn-
sylvania, was agreed to; there being on a divis-
ion—ayes 50, noes 42.
The remaining amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
protection op government officers, etc.
Mr. BOOTWEIjL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, repoited back House bill No.
1131, legulatiug judicial proceedings in certain
cases for the protection of officers and agents
of the Government, and for the belter defense
of the Treasury against unlawful claims, with
sundry amendments.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all the provisions of section eight of the
act of July 28, 1806, entitled " An act to pro-
tect the revenue, and for other purposes," and
the forms and modes by that section and the
twelfth section of the act of March 3, 1863,
therein referred to, prescribed for prosecuting
suits, withholding executions, and paying judg-
ments against officers of the United States, or
other persons engaged in executing the acts
relative to captured and abandoned property,
shall extend and be applied to all suits and
proceedings (except those in behalf of the
United States) which have been brought, or
may hereafter be brought, against any officer
or agent of the Government, civil or military,
for acts done during the rebellion while acting
by virtue or under colorof his ollice or employ-
ment; and every defendant in such suit or pro-
ceeding having made full defense thereto, and
having notified the Attorney General of the
United States to appear and defend the same,
shall be entitled to the full benefit and protec-
tion provided in said section for officers and
agents of the Government engaged in the col-
lection of the public revenue; and any de-
fendant being aggrieved by any order or direc-
tion, certificate, ruling, or judgment of any
court made or had in any such proceeding,
may except thereto and appeal therefrom to
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
have the questions arising there heard and
determined.
The second section provides that no action
or suit shall be maintained in any court of the
United States, or of any State thereof, in the
name or in the behalf or interest of any alien,
against the United States, or any person, for
or on account of any act done or omitted to
be done by such person as an officer or agent
of the United States, in the administration of
the act of Congress entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the collection of abandoned property
and for the prevention of frauds in insurrec-
tionary districts within the United States," and
approved March 12, 1863, or of the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act in addition to the sev-
eral acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and iusurxectiouary States, and
to provide for the collection of captured and
abandoned property, and the prevention of
frauds in States declared in insurrection,"
approved July 2, 1864, or in virtue or under
color of the acts of Congress aforesaid, or any
other acts of Congress relative to the said
insurrectionary States, or to persons or prop-
erty therein; and to any action or suit which
may have been heretofore, or shall hereafter
be, instituted by any lien against the United
States, or any such person as aforesaid, on
account of any act done or omitted to be done
as aforesaid, the defendant may and shall
plead or allege in bar thereof that such act
was done, or omitted to be done, in the admin-
istration of one of the acts of Congress afore-
said, or in virtue or under color thereof, and
such plea or allegation shall be, and shall be
deemed and adjudged in law to be, a complete
and conclusive bar to any such suit or action.
The third and concluding section provides
that it is hereby declared to have been the true
intent and meaning of the act approved March
12, 1863, entitled ''An act to provide for the
collection of abandoned property and for the
prevention of frauds in insurrectionary districts
within the United States," that the remedy
given in cases of seizure made under said act,
by preferring claim in the Court of Claims,
should be exclusive, precluding the owner of
any property taken by agents of the Treasury
Department as abandoned or captured property
in virtue or under color of said act from suit
at common law, or any other mode of redress
whatever, before any court or tribunal other
than said Court of Claims ; and in all cases in
which suits of trespass, replevin, detinue, or
any other form of action may have been brought
and are now pending, or shall hereafter "be
brought against any person for or ou aecount'
of private properly taken by such person as an
officer or agent of the United States, in virtue
or under color of the act aforesaid, or the act
approved July 2, 1864, entitled "An act in
addition to the several acts concerning com-
mercial intercourse between loyal and insur-
rectionary States, and to provide for the col-
lection of captured and abandoned property,
and the prevention of frauds in States declared
in insurrection," the defendant may and shall
plead or allege in bar thereof that such act was
done or omitted to be done by him as an offi-
cer or agent of the United States in the ad-
ministration of one of the acts of Congress
aforesaid, or in virtue or under color thereof,
and such plea or allegation shall be, and shall
be deemed and adjudged in law to be, a com-
plete and conclusive bar to any such suit or
action.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired, and the bill went over until
to-morrow.
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Appropriations to
report back the amendments of the Senate to
the legislative appropriation bill, and to move
that they be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the
report of the committee be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBUHNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that I expect to-morrow after the morn-
ing hour to move to go into committee to take
up and act on these amendments. It is a very
long bill, and we ought to get it into the hands
of a conference committee at the earliest prac-
ticable moment.
porciiase 01' alaska.
Mr. BANKS. It was my intention, Mr.
Speaker, before moving to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, to move there be an
evening session for debate, but on the repre-
sentation of the minority committee I aai
induced to forego that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order in
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
there will be an evening session. If this goes
over until to-morrow I shall move to postpone
it and take up the amendments of the Senate
to the legislative appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. There are several mem-
bers not upon the committee who would be
willing to speak this evening. The Chair has
the names of ten gentlemen who wish to speak
on this question.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the committee
take a recess from four and a half o'clock until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole ou the state of the
Union, (Mr. Garfield in the chair.) and pro-
ceeded totlie consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1096, maki ng an appro-
priation of money to carry into effect the treaty
with Russia of March 30, 1867.
Mr. BANKS addressed the committee for an
hour and a half. [His speech will be published
m the Appendix.]
At four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
the committee tookarecess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Speaker
took the chair, and stated that in the absence
of the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
Mr. Garfield, he would ask Mr. Orth to act
in his place.
The House then, under the order of the
House, resolved itself into the Committee of the
