1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
think the reflecting portion of the country will
believe that the Senate owes it to itself and to
the country; that it should not,_ for the first
time, establish rules more restrictive in the case
which is to come before us, the impeachment
of the President, than their predecessors estab-
lished in all other cases.
But if the Senate should differ with me or
should suppose that any limitation of time
should be made, I submit that the rule, as re-
ported by the committee, is very wrong. It will
operate upon the managers of the House as
•well as upon the counsel of the President; and
I shall not be at all surprised, if the rule is
enforced, if the managers of the House find
fault with such a restriction upon their duty. It
is more especially objectionable if it is to stand
asit is reported, becauseit limits the prosecution
and the defense to one counsel upon all ques-
tions. The counsel who is to open, according
to the rule, is to be the counsel to conclude.
Such a thing is never done in any court where
there are two counsel. They generally divide
the labor. The counsel who opens has theories
of his own, doctrines of his own, reasons of his
own, and they are met by the replying counsel.
The replying counsel is met by some associate
of the opening counsel who is not exhausted
and whose attention is more particularly called
to the argument in rejily. Now, if in such a
question as I can imagine may arise the Gov-
ernment makes the objection and a manager
on the part of the House of Representatives is
to open, I do not think they will deem it alto-
gether courteous that we should take from any
other manager the right to speak in reply.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I think that is not the rule.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand it to be so.
Mr. POMEROY. "The argument shall be
opened and closed on the part of the House
of Representatives," but not by the same man-
ager of necessity.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not speaking of that.
I am speaking of the twentieth rule—the one
we are now considering, limiting the discus-
sion to one hour. I am not speaking of the
rule as to the final argument.
Now, Mr. President, from a good deal of
familiarity with the trial of cases, I must say
that if we make no difference between such a
ease as we are about to have and other crimi-
nal or civil cases, very many questions may be
stated upon this trial that will necessarily in-
volve the merits, although they may be pre-
liminary. It will not do for the Senate, or for
the court, to take from the accused the right to
conduct his defense in any way he thinks
proper ; because that is a right which belongs
to every man who is accused of a criminal of-
fense. He should be at liberty, therefore, to
select the time in the trial when he will make
objection looking to the merits of the case;
and such objection, if met, so far from pro-
longing the trial, may abbreviate it. For ex-
ample, the question stated the other day by the
Senator from Kentucky may be raised. The
Senate will be obliged to hear it. They can-
not at once decide that they will not hear it.
That would not be doing justice to theaccused.
No court would take a step of that kind.
However clear, therefore, the Senate may be
now, and I participate in the opinion that
such an objection would be unfounded, yet
if counsel of respectability—and I suppose
the counsel whom the President may employ
will be all of them men of respectability and
learning in their profession—such, for exam-
ple, supposing him to be one, as the late Mr.
Justice Curtis—if he was to state at the bar in
behalf of the President that he pleaded to the
jurisdiction of the court upon the ground that !
it was not a tribunal under the Constitution to ,
try the case, the Senate would like to hear
him. If they did hear him, he might—I do
not think he would—satisfy them that they
were not the tribunal intended by the Consti-
tution to try the President, and that would
end the case and all our labors would there
terminate.
But there are other grounds. Suppose—
and I am not to be understood as suggesting
anything to the counsel or the President, for I
have seen neither, and shall not see them, of
course-—suppose that the counsel on the part
of the President move to quash the proceed-
ings ; that is what can be done in the case of
an indictment; and suppose they do it upon
the ground that upon the face of this quasi
indictment there is no offense charged. The
articles, if they have been read to me correctly,
I am unable to read them myself, but I suppose
they have been, as they have been read to me
by my brothers who sit on either side of me,
the articles charge no criminal intent at all.
They aver in each one of them the fact that
the President has done so and so ; but they do
not aver a criminal purpose on his part in the
acts which he has done. Now, counsel may
say that that averment is one which should be
expressly made—1 am not saying that it ought
to be—that that is an averment which is not to
be implied ; that there can be no crime or mis-
demeanor without a criminal intent. If, there-
fore, looking to the terms of the article, it is
consistent with the theory that the President
may have acted without any criminal intent,
acted from ignorance, from misapprehension,
bad advice, but acted honestly—if that upon
the face of the articles may be objected to as
showing a substantial defect in the article, the
counsel have a right to make the objection;
and if they make it, and they satisfy the Sen-
ate that that objection is well founded, then
the proceedings are at an end; and if the Pres-
ident is to be impeached, other articles by the
impeaching department of the Government
must bo exhibited.
Now, upon a motion of that description it
would seem to be rather unexampled to limit
the time of counsel or to limit the number of
counsel. It is a great question, just as im-
portant as will bo the question, if the case
goes to trial without any of those preliminary
objections, upon final hearing; and I suppose
all will concede, if the case goes to final hear-
ing without any preliminary objection, after all
the evidence has been exhibited and all the
questions in the course of the evidence ruled
the one way or the other, that counsel ought
not to be limited in summing up the case.
Mr. PERRY. They are not in summing up.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 know they _are not; and
that is the hypothesis upon which the com-
mittee have acted. They are not limited either
as to number, if I understand the rules aright,
or as to time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They are as to number.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not know that ; but
they are not limited as to the time which they
shall occupy. If it be true that some ques-
tions may be presented to the Senate short of
a motion to quash, or a motion in the nature
of a demurrer, or a motion upon the answer
which the President may file, stating substan-
tially the grounds of a demurrer, why should
we not hear argument? It will simplify the
argument should the objection bo overruled
and the ease goes to final hearing; but it will
save our time altogether and leave us at full
liberty to discharge the other business which
belongs to Congress if the objections should,
by a majority of the Senate be hold to bo well
founded.
But what I am particularly anxious for, as
a member of the body, is to preserve without
suspicion its honor, its justice, its impartial-
ity; and, with a view to do that, I am anx-
ious that we should adopt no rule which,
in the judgment of any reasonable man, may
be considered as in some measure anticipating
the judgment which is to be pronounced, or
depriving the President of those rights which
our predecessors have accorded to everyjudge
and to the two Senators who have been im-
peached.
But, Mr. President, if the rule is to stand, let
let the time be enlarged at least to two hours,
and let those two hours be divided as between the
opening counsel and his colleague, if they think
proper to do so, whether they be the managers
or the counsel for the defense.
I would propose another thing. The rule
provides that that limitation of time may, in
any particular case, be removed by an order
of the court. How is that order to be pro-
nounced? Is it to be passed upon, and con-
clusively passed upon, by a majority of the
court? Tsuppose it is. If, therefore, a bare
majority refuse to extend the time, although
the minority shall be of opinion that the time
should be extended, it cannot be extended. I
do not think that is altogether right in a case
of this description. A conviction cannot be
had without a vote of two thirds ; and I think
that we will be but acting in accordance with
the principle upon which that provision was
founded in saying, if the rule is to stand at
all, that the limitation may be removed or not
enforced if requested by a vote of one third of
the members of the court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him whether, in his
judgment, a question of the admissibility of evi-
dence ought not to be ruled by a majority.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not on this question. A
great many questions may be decided by a
majority, unquestionably.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of the
admissibility of evidence in a trial of impeach-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly it may or may
not, just as you rule it. But what I mean to
say is this: that as you are about to do what
has not been done in any former ease, as you
are about to limit the number of counsel and
about to limit the time that they are to speak,
it is but right, and I think public policy—a com-
manding public policy—looking to the nature
of the prosecution, looking to what we must
all know is the state of public feeling through-
out the land, that we should not put it in the
power of a majority merely to prevent the
counsel of the accused or the counsel of the
House of Representatives from discussing any
question which one third of the members should
desire to hear discussed for a longer period
than the prescribed time, not a question of
the admissibility of evidence, but any ques-
tions. It is not. to be supposed, if it is to de-
pend upon the voice of one third that they
will ask an extension of time upon all ques-
tions, mere questions of the admissibility of
evidence. But, as I said in the beginning,
there may be questions which strike at the
merits of the prosecution, and I think it would
be wrong to deny to one third of the members
of the Senate the right to have those questions
discussed beyond the time prescribed by the
rule. It is not to be supposed—I certainly
will never believe it until it shall be exhibited,
iu fact—that any member of the Senate, and
much less that one third of the members of the
Senate, will adopt a course merely for the pur-
pose of delay. If one third request the dis-
cussion to proceed beyond the limited time it
will be, I have no doubt, because they desire,
for their own information, such a discussion.
It seems to me but right to put it iu their power
to accomplish that end.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, the object of
every proceeding in the nature of a criminal
proceeding is, iu the contemplation of law,
and ought, to be, the arrival at the ends of jus-
tice. I have never yet been convinced that it
was by long speeches that we arrive at justice.
On the other hand, my experience goes to
prove that where there is a reasonable limita-
tion of time it secures a fairer and more intel-
ligent investigation than where there is unlim-
ited time. It secures pertinency. I have no
doubt that one hour for the discussion of a mere
preliminary motion or interlocutory argument
is entirely sufficient. The parties, then, are
notified thatthey must confine themselves to the
point; and the man who confines himself to
the point in argument for one hour, who is
pertinent in his remarks, will give more infor-
