1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LQBJB.
1573
mation aud elucidate the subject more clearly
than a man who has two hours in which to
'^Trials of impeachment and for treason have
been the most interesting which have ever ex-
cited the public attention. In cases of this kind
there is danger of almost interminable delay.
Great interests are at stake. Look at the trial
0f Warren Hastings, where the party was evi-
dently guilty, where lie was almost confessedly
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors; and
yet such was the array of counsel, such were
the magnificent surroundings of that great oc-
casion, such were the interminable delays, such
were the mighty interests at stake, such was
the interest felt in the defendant and against
him, such the high and important reasons of
state, that that trial lasted for seven years, and
resulted in the acquittal of the defendant.
Mr. CONKLING. It lasted for ten years.
Mr. YATES. For ten years; I thought it
was only seven. Sir, look at this case now.
The people of the United States wish to do
justice. They will be lenient and merciful to
Andrew Johnson in this trial. They want jus-
tice, fair and impartial justice. They will not
require their Senators to push with undue se-
verity in the prosecution of this cause. But,
sir, look at the interests at stake. Look at,
I might say, two parties, as it were, arrayed
against each other throughout the country, al-
though I hope there will be no parties in the Sen-
ate. Sir, this is to be agreat occasion. Weareto
have here the House ot Representatives ; we are
to have here the embassadors of foreign na-
tions; we are to have the assembled wisdom
of the judiciary and of the bar from every por-
tion of the country; we are to sit, in fact, as a
high court, while ourgalleiics are to be graced
with beauty. This is to bo a grand theater for
argument and eloquence. Your propositions
ot linance, of which there are an immense
number, and all your important bills regulat-
ing the collection of your revenue, may sleep
the bleep of death, and this Senate, by the mere
persistency of counsel, may pursue this inves-
tigation until alter the presidential election.
I say this is to be a grand theater for eloquence
and debate. If you do not restrict discussion
on these interlocutory questions to one person
or two persons to debate or to one hour's time,
then, sir, the residue of this session is to be
consumed in this investigation. We know
how delays operate in the trial of criminat
cases. We know how often justice is thwarted
by these long delays; how the people become
tired of their Senators' and Representatives
when they see business so slowly progressing.
For these and many other reasons 1 propose
to vote for the rule originally presented by the
committee and-against the amendment offered
by my friend from New Jersey.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I think
a word or two is, perhaps, proper at this time
in answer to what was said by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Mokto.v,] now repeated
with more of amplification and warmth by the
Senator from Illinois. They seem to appre-
hend a grand and magmficentproceeding, upon
an elevated theater, protracted for mouths or
for years, which shall eventually tire out the
patience and exhaust the energies of the Sen-
ate of the United States, as well as the patience
of those who observe our proceedings. I sup-
pose, upon the contrary, that this will be sim-
ply a business proceeding, so far as the Senate
is concerned; that it will be confined to the
particular matters which are contained in the
articles of impeachment, and that instead of
extending over an unlimited period of time the
case will be investigated aud determined within
a reasonable period. *
We are at liberty to take notice of one fact,
and that is that these charges will not cover a
wide field of investigation; that instead of
bringing before us the details of administration
for two or three years, during which the pres-
ent President has executed the duties of his
high office, we shall be confined to the investi-
gation of one or two specific acts, about which
prolonged evidence will not be necessary and
will not be permitted. Therefore, the assump-
tion of an expenditure of a large amount of
time in this investigation is perfectly gratui-
tous ; and the allusions to the great duration of
the trial of Warren Hastings for maladminis-
tration in India before the British House of
Lords is a reference without pertinency and
without weight. That involved an examina-
tion of a prodigious mass of facts, extending
through years of administration, and in another
portion of the globe. It bore no resemblance
to the present proceeding in its character, and
it bore no comparison with the present pro-
ceeding with reference to its probable duration.
The Senator from Indiana says that if there
be an important question requiring prolonged
debate, under the rule as proposed the Senate
can extend the time for discussion, and doubt-
less will do so. That is a very good reason, a
very sound argument, in favor of omitting the
rule, for he thinks the Senate will dispense with
the rule if an importaut question shall appeal
to it. Now, sir, it is for our convenience that
we should not be called on during the progress
of the trial to discuss questions relating to the
suspension of the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not discuss them.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That we should not be
called upon to decide questions with reference
to this rule. How shall we know beforehand
the importance of the question which is stated
by the counsel for the defense or by the man-
agers for the prosecution? Can we know be-
fore they have opened the debate the breadth
and extent to which legitimate debate may go?
We shall be acting at random and pronouncing
judgment without knowledge. We musteither,
when a request is made to us, as a matter of
course, extend the time, and that renders your
rule ridiculous, or we must refuse an extension
of time at the peril of making a misjudgment
in our ignorance of what will be produced upon
the one side aud upon the other—our ignorance
of the importance of the question before we
have heard it opened.
Again, Mr. President, to recur back to the
point which I made before, after this Senate has
gravely adopted a rule by which we close the
mouths of men who represent the .House of
Representatives after the expiration of sixty
minutes of time in a proceeding of this kind,
it will require but a very small ^ step to apply
this rule to ourselves in our ordinary debates.
The reasoning upon which this rule has been
defended will apply exactly to a proposition
hereafter made for adoptiug a one-hour rule
upon debates in the Senate. If, indeed, there
is danger that four men, two on each side,
speaking before us upon a question of trans-
cendentimportance_, will occupy too much time,
how much stronger is the argument against per-
mitting fifty-three men to speak at pleasure
upon every public measure when public ques-
tions come up for consideration in the Senate
of the United States?
Mr. President, the grounds of apprehension
upon which this rule has been suggested are
not founded in any existing facts. It is a mere
supposition that we shall be subjected to in-
convenience if we do not, for the first time,
by a rule limit legitimate debate in the Senate
of the United States. How foolish, how un-
necessary it is for us to adopt such a rule now,
when we shall possess -complete power at any
time when an abuse exists to adopt such a rule
and to enforce it. The Senator from Vermont
says that you must pronounce your rule before
it is to be applied, and that if you adopt it
during the progress of the trial some one who is
cut offor limited by it will complain. To be sure,
your rule must be passed before you apply it;
and it will be no imputation upon any gentle-
man who speaks under it afterward, because it
will be equal. It can apply to no one except
those who rise subsequent to its enactment to
avail themselves of the privilege of discussion;
and, applied equally to both sides, it will be an
imputation upon no one, counsellor or_ man-
ager, who shall thereafter participate in the
debate. It will bo no more an imputation upon
any gentleman who is to debate this great ques-
tion before ns to adopt it during the_progress
of.the trial than it is to .adopt it now in antici-
pation of their consumption of our time use-
lessly, against good taste and to the sacrifice
of the public interest. I have more confidence
in the members of the House of Representa-
tives who are to come here and in the counsel
who are to come here than to prepare before-
hand a rule which shall repress them in the
legitimate exercise of their powers of argu-
ment and of debate. I believe, if you leave
this subject unregulated by rule, upon both
sides the gentlemen who appear here will con-
sult our convenience and the proprieties of the
occasion, and that upon both sides they will he
animated by a desire to cultivate our good-will
and our respect and our sympathy. They will
know perfectly well that one capital manner
by which they may sacrifice great advantages
for the side they represent will be to do the
very things which it is said this rule is pro-
posed to us to prevent.
Now, with regard to proceedings in courts,
we were told that in the various courts in the
country limitations upon discussion have been
adopted, and that they are enforced. Bat we
were told afterward by the gentlemen "who gave
us this information that in important causes
such rules are withdrawn. When an important
constitutional question comes up before a court,
or a question involving great masses of prop-
erty or great principles of government, tne
courts withdraw the rule and allow counsel who
represent the parties to speak without being
curbed by it. We have no such rule limiting
debate in the Senate when we are acting in
a legislative, in an executive, or in a judicial
capacity. We are therefore not called upon to
rescind or remove our rule in this particular
proceeding. If we had such a rule it would
be a most legitimate and appropriate exercise
of power for us to withdraw it from this pro-
ceeding of impeachment. If we are therefore
instructed bv the courts of the country f hy their
action, we snail refuse to adopt this rule. No
question that comes before them can be of
more transcendent importance than this, which
relates to the very constitution of Government
itself—a question whether one branch of the
Government shall depose another, and shall
remit or turn over the Government to those
contingentarrangements which the Constitution
has made, but which heretofore have never
come into play aud action in our country. If,
therefore, the consequence of the cause and the
importance of the occasion are to be regarded,
no rule limiting debate ought to be proposed
or adopted by the Senate. .• • . <*<
I say, then, Mr. President, that upon both
these grounds—first, because it is unnecessary
to have such a rule; and secondly, because the
nature of the case is against such a rule—as
well as for the additional consideration that the
. adoption of. this rule will invite the application
of a similar one to the Senate in its ordinary
proceedings, the argument is plainly against
the proposition which the committee have sent
to us, and which the Senate are now to decide.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I think
this rule is so very reasonable that I am unable
to see any force in the objections that are made
to it. It is admitted by all that an hour i8 suffi-
cient for ordinary questions. It is very liberal
time; more so than would be allowed under
any other circumstances. The ordinary inter-
locutory questions that arise in the course of a
trial are disposed of in a few minutes usually.
Then for ordinary purposes no one would ob-
ject to this rule. It is very proper to have a
rule, so that counsel, in conducting the trial,
may be admonished that it is necessary for
them to speak to the point, to be ready so as
not to delay the proceedings. It is very easy
to imagine a case, although we hope no such
case will occur, when there would be an effort
to delay. It is the duty of the Senate to try
all such matters as this with ordinary dispatch,
such dispatch as is consistent with a great cause,
with the dignity of the Senate, and with justice
to all parties* That is evidently its dutv.
more than an hour may be occupied m ordinary
