1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?3
. 40th Cong....2d Hess.
Contested Election—Mr. Symes.
Ho. of Reps.
jeoparding the domination of your party in the
great North and West. The northern people
are sound upon the subject of race, and where
ethnology is discussed scientifically in the pri-
mary assemblies of the people they will become
more and more sound, and become more and
more converts to the principles I have been lay-
ing down to-day. But I know, sir, that it is
vain fon me to invoke the majority of this House
to pause. I have too often sent forth vain invo-
cations here and appealed to the majority of
this House in vain andin vain. But, thank God,
my voice and the voices of the few bold com-
patriots around me have gone beyond this Cap-
itol and been heard among the people, who
have responded by rolling up majorities in our
favor sueli as we did not dream of so early
after our vain appealsto you here on this floor.
But if you blacken this House this session of
Congress it will soon be whitened by the De-
mocracy of the North and the West. It cannot
be that God inspired Columbus to the discovery
of this great new world only to drive out Pe-
quods, Chippewas, Mohawks, Pottawatomios,
Sioux, Cheyennes, to substitute here a govern-
ment of Congo negroes from Africa instead.
It cannot be that Almighty wisdom has gath-
ered here the best blood from all the nations
of Europe to be overwhelmed as Spanish blood
has been, by the basest mixture of Aztec, In-
dian, and Congo negro. But to you, pledged,
manacled to party, and loving party more than
you love country, or God, or man, I know I
speak in vain. A voice even from the dead
would not now change a single opinion here,
but we shall be heard and heeded elsewhere.
Posterity will vindicate our foresight. History
will do us justice, while a grateful country is
already sending in its plaudits of " Well done,
good and faithful servants.''
Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. G. G. SYMES,
ob1 kentucky,
Is the House of Representatives,
January 10, 1868.
Tho House having under consideration the resolu-
tions reported from the Committee of Elections in
the contested-election ease of Symes vs. Tiimblo,
from tho first congressional district of Kentucky—
Mr. SYMBS (contestant) said:
Mr. Speaker: Thankful for the privilege thus
conferred upon me, I proceed to address this
as they do not in color materially differ from those
specified.
1. Mulatto, from wvla. a mule or hybrid. 2. Mes-
tizo, from the Spanish mezclai', to mix. 3. Like the
Chinese m color. 4. Cuateron, or quadroon, as being
the fourth remove from the negro. 4. In tho "West
Indies the Creole is a mulatto; Criolla, in Spanish,
meant the oflspring of Spanish parents in the Colo-
nies. 6. As being a fifth remove from the negro.
7. " White " here is still negro blood. 8. Zambo looks
like an African word. In Spain pigeon-ieeted peo-
ple a,re called "Zambos." 9. Cholo is another name
for very Indian Mestizoes.
The two first items in this tablo arc from Sehudi's
travels in Peru. _
The following is from M. de Lpremandiere's history
o£ Mexico,^ indicating the different degrees of the
mixture effected between the three species of white,
Indian, and the negro:
Mestizo 1, product of Spaniard and Indian woman.
Castizo 2, of a mongrel 3 woman and a Spaniard.
Spanish (!) of a Castizo and a Spanish woman.
Mulatto, of a Spaniard and a negress.
Mafisco 4, of a mulatto woman and a Spaniard.
Albino 5. of a Morisco and a Spanish woman.
Tormtrns 6, of an Albino and a Spanish woman.
Tenl-inulaircl, of aTornatras and a Spanish woman.
Lobo 8, of an Indian woman and a negro.
Carihiijo 9, of an Indian woman and a Lobo.
Barzino, of a Coyote 7 and an Indian woman.
fi'r'ifo S, of a negvoss and a Lobo.
Oftuisa, of a mongrel woman and an Indian.
Albarazado, of a Cayote and an Indian woman.
Mechiao. of a Lobo and a Cayote.
1. Pure mixture. 2, Offspring of Mestizoes. 3.
Difficult to classify. 4. Is a mulatto. 5. As partak-
ing of white mulatto variety. G. A step backward.
7. Mulatto variety. 8. Wolf or Zambo. 9. Variety
of Zymbo. 10. Coyote is from the Mexican word for
wolf, probably a variety of Zambo. 11. Variety of
Zambo.
honorable body in behalf of myself and my
constituents upon one of the most important
subjects to the people of certain portions of this
country that has ever been submitted for the
consideration of this House. I hope I maybe
heard with a little patience, for highly interest-
ing must every question be, sir, which may
eventually affect the well-being, of society,
or the freedom or repose of that unfortunate
portion of our country known as the border
and southern States, and which, by an imme-
diate and a direct necessity, must decide either
fatally or fortunately whether that well-being,
that repose, and that freedom are again to be
restored to that portion of our country, with
equality to all men before the law, is surely one
of the most important subjects at this time that
human wisdom can bo employed upon. And,
sir, this greatest-to-be-desired object in this
country at this time can never be attained
except it be by the true construction and rigid
enforcement of all the laws passed by the law-
making power. Without this everything must
remain as it now is in those portions of the
country, in uncertainty and confusion. Tt is
upon this alone that the loyal people of the
South and of Kentucky have relied for protec-
tion against those demagogues whose efforts
have been to play upon prejudices and to array
one portion of the people against the other.
Heretofore, sir, the loyal people of the South
have relied upon the justice of their cause and
upon the integrity of those who were to decide
upon it. But their minds are now somewhat
filled with fears, the more painful because
hitherto unforeseen. They are now, from cer-
tain results which I shall mention, fearful that
their cause may be looked upon as of doubtful
merit, and that some of their rights, which they
considered as defined by the wisdom and con-
firmed by the authority of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, are now, from the results of the
reports of a certain committee, no more than
idle claims, without either precision or security.
I am sorry, indeed, Mr. Speaker, that I am
unable at this time to offer that consolation to
my constituents and the people of my district
generally that I had expected, and that I can
only join with them in regretting that, some of
the plainest questions of law, the results of
which must in a great measure decide their
prosperity, unity, and freedom, seem to be,
since they have been submitted to a wise and
sage committee of this House, perplexed with
difficulties and uncertainties of which we never
before dreamed, and which, I must confess, I
am now entirely unable to understand.
But, Mr. Speaker, it would be presumption
in me to impute injustice or anything but a
true, legal, and just interpretation of the let-
ter and spirit of the law as applicable to tho
facts of the case to the report of the commit-
tee on my case or any other, and we must
therefore suppose that the determination of the
committee, as contained in their report, em-
braces not that which policy dictated, but their
true, conscientious convictions after mature
deliberation under the dilliculties surrounding
the task of setting the first precedent in tho
construction of a law.
With a full appreciation of the difficulty of
discovering some of the reasons whieh seem
to have actuated the majority of the commit-
tee in arriving at their conclusions in this case
I shall comment somewhat upon the law and
upon tho facts applicable to this case. This I
shall do, not with the idea or vain expectation,
or I might say even the wish of changing the
opinions or votes of members of this House,
but more particularly to simply justify the
course I have taken in this contest. For if I
cannot show that upon the facts contained in
the affidavits upon the strength of which I
served the notice of contest and which I sub-
mitted to this House in July last and upon
which the House decided that if those alleged
facts were true my competitor was not entitled
to a seat here; if I cannot show upon a con-
sideration of these facts and the law applicable
to these facts at that time I had good reason
to suppose my competitor ineligible to a seat
here then I am liable to the censure £>f the peo-
ple of my district and of this House, for I have
kept the people of that district a long time
from being represented in Congress, and I
have imposed trouble and expense upon this
House without any cause or excuse for so
doing.
And here let mo say that I did not serve the
notice of contest in this case until my constit-
uents presented to me the affidavits contain-
ing the evidence of facts upon the strength of
which this man was not allowed to take the
oath in July last, and upon the decision of the
House at that time I felt it to be my duty to
my constituents and to my country to prose-
cute this contest. Having performed tlmt duty,
I shall be satisfied with tho result, whatever it
may be. For it is a matter, under the present
state of this House, of little importance which
might get the seat; but the principle is of
importance to the people of my district.
Now, to come to the question before us.
Are the facts contained in these affidavits,
upon which the House decided last July that
my competitor was not then entitled to his
seat, sustained by competent and sufficient
evidence? If so, then do they bring this case
within the letter and the spirit of the test-oath
law? And here allow me to remark that I do
think that cases of this kind ought to be viewed
in a somewhat different light from the ordinary
cases of contest brought here. In ordinary
cases the simple question is as to which of two
opposing candidates has received the greatest
number of legal votes, and therefore who is
entitled to the privileges and emoluments of
the position.
In this ease the question is whether these
Halls shall be occupied in plain violation of
the laws of the country ; whether a law which
has been passed by Congress, the strict enforce-
ment of which has been enjoined upon every
Department and branch of this Government as
neecssary to its protection and safety from its
enemies, shall, as I have before intimated, be
a reality, or whether it shall become an obso-
lete law, the enforcement of which shall be as
idle as the pope's bull of excommunication
against the first Napoleon.
I shall attempt to comment a little upon the
evidence in this case. I say now, as I said
before the Committee of Elections, that if the
facts alleged in these affidavits, upon the strength
of which this House in July last refused to al-
low this man to take the oath, do not show
treason within the legal and accepted con-
struction of the words of that clause of the
Constitution of the United States "of adher-
ing to the enemy, giving them aid and com-
fort," then I will yield the case. If you will
examine the decisions of Judge Marshall and
other leading jurists, those who abhorred the
doctrine of constructive treason and refer to
the cases mentioned in Wharton's Criminal
Law as to what acts of sending provisions,
&c., to the enemy have been decided to bo
treason you will see that these acts are plainly
within the law.
It has been decided by this House that if
acts are proved against a man which, in the
judgment of this House, incapacitate him from
taking the oath, then the proper enforcement
of the law requires that he should not be allowed
to take it. Gentlemen here well know that
there are many men in this country who would
walk up here, after having given aid and coun-
tenance to tho rebellion, and take the test-oath,
upon the ground that it is unconstitutional,
that it is illegal to ask them to take it, and that
to take it under those circumstances would not
be perjury, either politically, legally, or mor-
ally ; and they honestly believe this to be the
case. And here, allow me to say, that in an
argument with my competitor, in a private con-
versation, he stated to me that if Jefferson
