1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3621
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orth
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being House bill No. 1096,
makiug an appropriation of money to carry into
effect the treaty with Russia of March 30, 1867.
The CHAIRMAN stated that Mr. Lough-
ridoe was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOUGIIKlDGrE. I move the following
amendment in the nature of a substitute :
Whereas the President of the United States, ou the
30th of March, 1867, entered into a treaty with the
Emperor of llussia, by the terms of which it was stip-
ulated that in consideration of the cession by the
Empeior ot Itubsiato the United States of certain
territory therein deserilvd, the UnitedStatesshould
pay to the Emperor of Russia the sum ot $7,200,000 in
coin; and whereas itwasturther stipulated in said
treaty that the United States shall accept of such ces-
sion, and that certain inhabitants of said territory
shall bo admitted to the enjoyment of ail the rights
and immunities of citizens of the United States; and
whereas the subjects thus embraced in the stipula-
tions of said treaty are among the subjects which by
the Constitution of the United States are submitted
to the power of Congress, and over which Congress
has exclusive jurisdiction ; and it being for such rea-
son necessary that the consent of Congress should be
given to the s-aid treaty before the same can have full
torce and effect: having taken into consideration
the said tieaty, and approving of the stipulations
therein. To the end that the same may be carried
into effect: Therefore,
Skc. 1. Be it enacted. That the assentof Congress is
hereby gh en to the stipulations of said treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
tlie gentleman it was the agreement that no
business should be done this evening, but the
session should be devoted to debate on the
Alaska purchase.
Mr. LO UGHRIDGE. I give notice, then, I
will offer it at the proper time.
Mr. PRUi'N. Cannot he offer an amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. That is business, and
it cannot be done under the order of the House.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, in
view of the circumstances under which this
question is presented to the House it is one of
veiy great impoitance, and one which demands
our most serious consideration, and my great
fear is that in the pressure of business it may
not receive that careful consideration at our
hands that its importance demands. I rise to
discuss it fully impressed with my inability to
do justice to the subject, and yet I cannot
remain silent and feel that I have done my
duty as one of the Representatives of the peo-
ple upon this floor.
I shall leave the question of the physical
character of this Territory and its value to
others better informed than I am on that ques-
tion. There is another question involved of
far more importance, one before which the
question of the value of this territory sinks
into utter insignificance, a question a more
important than which has never been discussed
within these walls. That question, sir, is in
relation to the rights, the powers, and the con-
stitutional prerogatives of this House of Rep-
resentatives as one of the departments of this
Government,. That question is directly involved
in this case, and to that I propose to direct my
remarks; and so far as that question is con-
cerned it makes 110 difference whether this ter-
ritory is a worthless, frozen waste of eternal
ice and snow, or whether it is a fertile, bloom-
ing, fruitful garden. Upon this question the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
has said but little in his remarks in favor of
this bill, and I say in all candor that I am
unable to gather from the report of the com-
mittee or from the speech of the chairman
what the opinion of the committee or of the
chairman is in relation to the extent of the
treaty-making power as vested in the Presi-
dent, or in relation to the constitutional rights
and prerogatives of the House in connection
with treaties.
Did the President, in the purchase of this
territory, the execution ot an obligation pur-
porting to bind the Government for the amount
of the purchase money, and the taking posses-
sion of the territory without the consent of
Congress, exceed his constitutional powers?
If not, let the world understand it. It he did,
then by all means we should at once repudiate
his unauthorized assumptions of power; other-
wise we will be bound by like acts in the future
by adopting these without protest.
An attempt is being made, through the means
of the treaty-making power, to concentrate
almost all of the power of this Government
in the hands of the President, subject only to
the advice and consent of the Senate. And
this proposition is, if adopted, a long step in
that direction. I hesitate not to say, sir, that
if, without any explanation, disaffirmance, or
protest, we make this appropriation, we shall,
so far as this House can do it, have surren-
dered practically all the power of the Govern-
ment into the hands of the treaty-making
department, and reduced this House to the
position of an involuntary agent of that po.wer
with no discretion but to carry out its expressed
will. That we are rapidly drifting in that direc-
tion it seems to me must be apparent to the.
most casual observer. By substituting a for-
eign Government or an Indian tribe in place of
this House, on the principle claimed by the
Executive, there is nothing within the whole
scope of the legislative powers of the Govern-
ment that cannot be done without the consent
or intervention of this House. I defy any gen-
tleman to point out a single act of legislation
that cannot be done through and by the treaty-
making power, if we admit that power to the
extent claimed by the Executive.
Why, sir, but a few months since, through the
means of this treaty-making power, eight hun-
dred thousand acres of the most beautiful land
on the continent has been transferred to the
ownership of a private citizen without the con-
sent of this House or the legislative department
of the Government. And still more recently
a vast section of our country, containing eight
million acres, has been through this same means
transferred lrom the Government to a private
corporation, who thus become the absolute
owners of this vast territory, equal in extent to
the three States of Massachusetts, Connecticut,
aud Rhode Island—and this not only without
the consent but against the protestations of this
House—and all this right in the face of the
constitutional provision that " Congress shall
have power to dispose of the territory belong-
ing to the United States."
it is true this last transaction has not yet
received the consent of the Senate, ai.d it may
not. This House in its new position as a peti-
tioner or memorialist at the bar of the Senate
may have sulhcient influence with that body to
pievent this consent being given. That this
House still has the light of petition left to it is an
exceedingly pleasant reflection ; and 1 hope we
shall at least insist upon retaining that light,
i trust the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
never consent to the surrender of the right of
the House to petition the Senate in relation to
treaties which rob the House of its preroga-
tives and the people of their rights.
But, sir, whether the Senate consent to this
last outrage on the Constitution and the rights
■of the people or not makes no difference in
the force of the illustration afforded by the
case. The power is claimed and exercised.
And, sir, under this power, if eight million
acres of the public domain can be given away,
every acre of it can in the same way be dis-
posed of; and the power is not confined to the
disposal of the public lands, but by this new legis-
lative power the President, the Senate, and
tire Indian tribes have complete control over
the Treasury of the Government, and can by
treaty appropriate money for any purpose, and
to an unlimited extent.
To show that this absolute power, exercised
through the instrumentality ot Indian treaties,
was not claimed originally by the Executive,
but is the result of gradual encroachment
upon the powers of Congress, I reier the
House to the first instance of a treaty made by
the Government with Indians. On the 7th ot
August, 1789, the President in a message to
Congress said :
" If it should be the judgment of Consrress^ that it
would be most expedient to terminate ail differences
in tho southern district, and to 'ay the foundation tor
future conlideuee by an amicable treaty with the
Indian tribes in that quarter, X think proper to sug-
gest the consideration of the expediency of institut-
ing a temporary commission for that purpose, to
consist of three persons, whose authority shall expire
with the occasion."
In consideration of the subject Congresi
passed an act authorizing the appointing three
commissioners and giving them the power to
treat with the Indians, and appropriating
$20,000 for the purpose. The President ap-
pointed_ the commissioners and gave them
instructions, which were communicated to the
House, in which instructions the following lan-
guage was used:
" You will pi ease to observe that the whole sum that
can be constitutionally expended is $20,000, and that
the same cannot be extended."
Why could the commissioners not expend
more than $20,000constitutionally? Because
Congress had not authorized it. Notice the
language of President Washington :
"If it should be the judgment of Congress that it
would be expedient" * * * * "to nego-
tiate a treaty with the Indians" * * * *
" I think proper to suggest," &c.
Here was a direct admission by the Presi-
dent of the power and control of Congress
over the Indian question. The commissioners -
appointed not having effected anything, the
House of Representatives, in March of the same
year, passed the following resolution :
" Resolved, That provision ought to be made by law
for holding a treaty to establish peace between the
United States and the Wabash, Miami, and other
nations of Indians northwest of tho Ohio river; also
for regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes and the mode of extinguishing their claim to
lands within the United States."
This resolution shows that the House of Rep-
resentatives then thought that they not only
ought to provide by law for holding treaties
with Indian tribes, but that Congress had the
power to regulate trade and intercourse with
the Indians, and to prescribe the mode of
extinguishing their claims to lands within the
United States. Now, the treaty-making power
regulates these matters and takes charge of
and disposes of the public lands without any
reference to Congress whatever and in defi-
ance of the protests of this House.
Thus we see that this treaty-making power,
from being an instrument or agent in the hands
of Congress in connection with Indian affairs,
as it was originally, has now, by a series of
encroachments, come to exercise absolute and
unlimited control, not only to regulate Indian
affairs, but through them to exercise vast pow-
ers of legislation.
I have referred to the matter of Indian
treaties for the purpose of showing the neces-
sity of strictly restraining that department
within its proper sphere, and for the purpose
of illustrating the extent, to which it will go if
left unchecked. The question now before the
House is one connected with a compact with a
foreign Government, and is important not only
on account of the political question involved,
but because it is claimed that our good faith
with a foreign Government will be broken in
case we refustfto make the appropriation asked.
It is important and truly desirable that all
our negotiations with foreign Governments
should be so conducted as to preserve the
honor and the good faith of the nation untar-
nished, and to maintain a national reputation
for inviolable fidelity. That this should be the
reputation and character of our Government
I doubt not is the sincere desire of every
patriotic American citizen ; and to this end,
sir, I regard it as of the very first importance
that there should be a perfect and settled
understanding and agreement between the sev-
eral coordinate branches of tho Government as
to the powers and the prerogatives of each m
connection with questions involved in negotia-
tions with foreign Powers, so that the action
of the different departments may be in har-
mony. Otherwise we will be continually liable
to be involved in difficulties.
Our Government has been in operation eighty-
one years, and it would seem reasonable to
suppose that by this time questions of the
importance of this should hjwe been definitely'
settled. And yet, sir, from the history ot this
case, we are forced to recognize the fact that
