1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
189
offenses are impeachable, but only such of
them (along with others not indictable) as by
parliamentary usage or popular sense rise to
the dignity of " high" misdemeanors, and of
this the House of Lords are the sole judges.
(Peck's Trial, 10 Selden, Judicature in Parlia-
ments. 6 ; 2 Hale P. C., 275; Barclay's Digest,
140.) ' , . .
But it is maintained that 6nly crimes or mis-
demeanors are impeachable that "common
crimes are not indictable in the courts of
the United States" and are therefore not
crimes within the meaning of the Constitution,
and hence that " common law crimes will not
snstain an impeachment." (Minority Report, j
78.)
I reply to this:
I. It is -conceded that common law crimes
were impeachable in England. The words
"high crimes and misdemeanors" in our Con-
stitution are copied from the British constitu-
tion. (6 American Law Register, 645.)
They therefore mean here what they were
understood to mean in England, for it is a
rule of interpretation, that where foreign stat-
utes or phrases are adopted into our constitu-
tions or laws, "the known and settled con- ;
struction" thereof "has been considered as
silently incorporated into" them. (6 Ameri- ;
can Law Register, 646, note; 3 Wheaton, 610;
1 Wood & Minot, 448; Minority Report Ju- J
diciary Committee, 76.) i
The Constitution contains inherent evidence |
of this. By it "treason, bribery, and other ;
high crimes and misdemeanors" are impeach- I
able. "Treason" is defined in the Constitu-
tion ; "bribery" is not; and it therefore means
what the common law has defined it. As the
Constitution thus itself resorts to the common
and parliamentary law for the definition of its
terms, the words "high crimes and misde-
meanors' ' are to be interpretated by the same
codes. They are as completely included as
though every crime had been specifically named.
Whatever by the common law was treason and
which is not covered by the definition in the
Constitution which defined it for the ordinary
courts, is still impeachable crime so fhr as
applicable to our institutions.
These general views are supported by the
opinions of the framers of the Constitution,
by contemporaneous construction, by usage,
and by the opinions of every jurist in America
who has written npon our Constitution or
laws, until within the last year, during which a
wisdom hitherto unknown has discovered that
the sages of the law have all been mistaken—
that nothing is impeachable unless made in-
dictable by act of Congress, and this new-born
heresy is now promulgated for the first tittie
to shield from merited justice tin offender whose
crimes are unequaled in the annals of im-
peachment. (6 American Law Register, 653.)
The clauses of the Constitution which declare
that a party impeached shall be "liable to
indictment"—that "the trial of all crimes
except in cases of impeachment shall be by
jury"—that the President shall have power to
grant "pardons for effenses against the United
States except in cases of impeachment," are
all either parts of or modifications of the
•British Constitution—they recognize Statutory
and common law crimes as a portion but not
all of the impeachable offenses here as they
were and are in England. (Minority Report, 63.)
II. The reason which denies jurisdiction of
common law crimes to the courts of the United
States does not apply to impeachments.
By the Constitution the trial for crimes mast
be had in the State and district where com-
mitted. (Article 6 Amendments.) By the
Judiciary Act of September 24, 1789, the
Supreme Courtis restricted to holding sessions
at Washington. (1 Statutes-at-Large, 78.) By
the Constitution the judicial power of the
United States is vested in the Supreme Court
and such inferior courts as Congress may estab-
lish. (Article 3, section 1; article 1, section
10.)
It was held as early as 1812 that the circuit
and district courts of the United States, being
the " inferior courts" established by Congress,
could exercise no common law criminal juris-
diction. This doctrine was reaffirmed in 1810
by a divided court, and has never been author-
itatively decided since. (United States vs.
Hudson, 7 Cranch, 32; United States vs. Cor-
lidge, 1 Wheaton, 415 ; 1 Gallis. Reports, 488;
United States vs. Lancaster, 2 McLean's Re-
ports, 431; Washington Circuit Court Reports,
84; United States vs. Ravara, 2 Dallas, 297;
United States vs. Worrall, 2 Dallas, 384; United
States vs. Maurice, 2 Broek., 96; United
States vs. New Bedford Bridge, 1 Woodbridge
& Minot, 401; United States vs. Babcock, 4
McLean, 113-115.)
This ruling has been disapproved by the
ablest commentators on constitutional and
criminal law—by Story-and Rawle and Bishop
and Wharton. (1 Bishop's Criminal Law, third
edition, 163, [20;] Act of Congress of Septem-
ber 24,1789, sections 9-11; Statutes 1842, chap-
ter 188, section 3 ; Du Ponceau on Jurisdic-
tion.) _ |
The denial of common law criminal juris-
diction in these inferior courts rests solely on
the reasons that such tribunals being created
not by the Constitution, but by act of Congress,
they—
"Possess po jurisdiction but what is given them
by the power that creates them
and that—
"There exists no definite criterion of distribution
[of jurisdiction] between the district and circuit
courts of the same district."
And that common law—
"Jurisdiction has not been conferred by Any legis-
lative act."
And it is said that the Supreme Court alone—
"Possesses jurisdiction derived immediately from
the Constitution, and of which the legislative power
cannot deprive it."—7 Oraneh, 33.
Where, therefore, a common law jurisdiction
is conferred by the Constitution on a court cre-
ated by that instrument, it is one " of which
the legislative power cannot deprive it." (7
Cranch, 33.)
And this is precisely what the Constitution
has done as to impeachments; it has created
the court for their trial—the Senate; it has given
that body jurisdiction of all " crimes and mis-
demeanors" impeachable by parliamentary
usage, and no law can limit it. And this view
has been sustained by Story and Rawle and
Kent, after and in view of the decisions referred
to. (6 American Law Register, 656.)
III. Common law crimes do exist, they are
indictable, and jurisdiction of them has existed
in the courts of the United States for two thirds
of a century, in the District of Columbia,
where the President's offenses were committed.
(1 Bishop on Criminal Law, section 107, [22;]
Du Ponceau on J urisdiction, 62-73; Kendall
vs. United States, 12 Peters, 524-613; United
States vs. Watkins, 3 Cranch, 441.)
The highest authority on criminal law in
this country says:
"There must in reason and in legal principle be in
those localities where State power is unknown com-
mon law crimes against the United States. Espe-
cially this exception must in reason extend to all
matters which concern our intercourse with foreign
as well as to all local transactions beyond the terri-
torial limits of the several States. The law of
nations and the law of the admiralty concerning both
civil and criminal things would seem therefore to
have been made United States common law." *
* * * "And so the United States tribunals
would appear to have common law cognizance of
offenses upon the high seas not defined by statutes,
and of all other offenses within the proper cognizance
of the criminal courts of a nation, committed beyond
the jurisdiction of any particular State."—1 Bishop
on Criminal Law, section 165, [21.]
The act of Congress of February 27, 1801,
extended and continued in force over the Dis-
trict the common and statute law of Maryland
where common law crimes existed, and organ-
ized a circuit court with the jurisdiction con-
ferred on circuit courts of the United States by
section eleven of the act of February 13, 1801.
(2 United States Statutes-at-Large, 92; 2 Stat-
utes, 103-105, sections 1-3.)
The criminal court organized by act of July
7, 1838, had the same criminal jurisdiction.
(5 Statutes, 306.)
The supreme court of the district, organized
by act of March 3, 1863, has the same jurisdic-
tion of the prior courts thereby abolished. (12
Statutes, 762, section 3.)
That jurisdiction is conferred in these words:
"That" * * * * "said courts" *
* * * "shall harve cognizance of all crimes
and offenses cognizable under the authority of tbe
United States."—2 Statutes, 92, act February 13,1801.
The whole legal theory upon which the Pres-
ident's defense rests is swept away by this incon-
trovertible array of authorities.
IV. The doctrine that nothing is impeach-
able unless indictable by act of Congress is im-
practicable.
1. Kent says:
" The inviolability of any officer of Government is
incompatible with the republican theory as well as
with the principles of retributive justice."—1 Com-
mentaries, 289.
And Story says offenses against the nation—
"Are of so various and complex a character, so ut-
terly incapable of being defined or classified, that the
task of positive legislation would be impracticable if
it were not almost absurd to attempt it."—1 Com-
mentaries on the Constitution, section 797.
2. If only offenses indictable by act of Con-
gress are impeachable the President and all
civil officers will escape impeachment for
many of the highest crimes. Murder, arson,
robbery, and other crimes committed in a State
are indictable by State laws, but cannot be
made so by act of Congress. Upon this theory
a highway robber may be President and follow
his vocation, bidding defiance to impeachment.
PABUAUENTABT CBIMF.S IMPEACHABLE.
It has been said that in England—
" The law was settled after the most extended and
prolonged discussion in favor of the doctrine that
the court of impeachment most administer tbe same
law as the criminal court."—6 American Law Re-
gister, N. S., 266, citing eases of The Earl of Claren-
don in 1667, 6 Howell State Trials, 346; The Earl of
Orrery in 1669, 6 Howell State Trials, 917: Sir Adam
Blair and othersinl690,12 Howell State Trials. 1213:
Inigo Jones, 4 Hatsel Precedents, 132; 'The Earl of
Macclesfield, 1725,16 Howell State Trials, 823; Lord
Melville, 1806,29 Howell State Trials, 1470.
In other words, it is claimed that there can
be no impeachment in England except for a
true crime recognized by the common law or
by act of Parliament. That is sufficient for
the impeachment of the Ptesident. But even
this position is contradicted by sound reason,
by the elementary authorities, by numerous
cases of impeachment in England and the
United States, and is not supported by the
cases cited. (6 American Law Register, 648.)
Impeachment is a protection to the nation
against wrongs endangering its safety. These
cannot be measured solely by the definition of
crimes against individuals. The Constitution
in adopting it made it equal to every emer-
gency calling for its exercise—capable of reach-
ing usurpation, which the President's last mes-
sage telis us—
"Is the most dangerous of political crimes. By
that crime the enemies of free government in aft
ares have worked out their designs against public
liberty and private right. It leads directly and im-
mediately to the establishment of absolute rule; for
undelegated power is always unlimited and unre-
strained."
The Constitution has made the Senate, like
the House of Lords,* sole judge of what the law
is, assuming their wisdom to be equal to that
of the common law courts. (2 Hale's P. C.,
275; Barclay's Digest, 140; Constitution, article
one, section three.) This is necessarily so ; for
though some statutory and common law crimes
are impeachable, yet not all of them are, and
the Senate decides which are and are not. It
is said if th6 impeachable crimes are not de-
fined by law the power of impeachment will
be undefined and dangerous. The power to
determine impeachable crimes by the Senate
is no more undefined than the power of the
common law courts to determine common law
crimes. Impeachment is regulated by princi-
ples as well defined and permanently settled
as the fundamental and eternal doctrines of
right, reason, and justicc pervading the parlia-
