u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 10,
Ho. of Reps.
Contested Election—Mr. Symes.
40th Cokg. ... 2d Sbss.
Davis should appear in these Halls with creden-
tials of election from the Governor of the
State of Mississippi, and should see fit to take
the oath of office, there was no constitutional
power in this House to keep him from taking
his seat here.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SYMES. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I would ask the gentleman if
the statement he has just made is supported by
evidence that appears upon the record of this
case, or does he propose to rest his case upon
the statements which he now makes hero?
Mr. SYMES. I expect to rest my case upon
the evidence; but I am now simply making my
argument.
Mr. KERR. That is not an answer to my
question ; but I will not interrupt the gentle-
man's time further.
Mr. SYMES. In answer to the gentleman
I will say that I have just been laying down a
few premises and propositions to found my case
upon. I think that when a man who is to be
admitted to these Halls simply because he has
once taken the oath has stated that he considers
that oath unconstitutional, and that the House
has 110 power to keep out Jeff. Davis if he
would take the oath, I think that such a fact
does bear upon the case. It bears upon the
question whether any credibility should be at-
tached to what this man has stated.
Now, sir, as to the evidence in this case, I
will state that I rest my case upon a few overt
acts substantially proved, consisting in sending
supplies to the enemy. If such acts are not
treason, precluding, when proved, all question
as to Treasury regulations, all question as to
the intention with which the acts were done,
then I concede I have no ease.
Now, sir, in the deposition of Ellithorp there
are proved four distinct acts of treason com-
mitted by Mr. Trimble. One of these acts is
the delivery by Mr. Ellithorp himself of three
casks of bacon to a confederate commissary
agent, and the sending of the proceeds, which he
received in confederate money, but exchanged
for Missouri notes, to the firm of Flournoy,
Trimble & Co., atPaducah. This is in evidence
in the case and cannot be denied. It further
appears in the evidence that in July, 1861, Mr.
Trimble went down into Tennessee among the
rebel camps, and when asked how the business
was proceeding and how the pay would be he
replied that it would be all right. When the
attempt was made to get around this evidence
upon the ground that, although it is proved
that this partnership carried on this contraband
business, this man Trimble did not know any-
thing about it, that he was absent from the
city, ! desire to call the attention of members
to thisevidence, which is notstated in the report
of the majority of the committee, that he was
down there at the store, between the two rebel
camps, in the month of July, 1861; that he
passed on below, and that he returned, report-
ing that it would be all right as to the pay, &c.,
for the goods which had been sent to the con-
federate agent.
These are the overt acts of treason upon which
I rely. I have prosecuted this case as I would
prosecute a case before a court. I have not
prosecuted it upon any question of " policy."
I have prosecuted it upon the principle that
when there are proved against a man acts which
in their very nature constitute treason it is not
admissible to prove the intention with which
they were committed. Such a defense might
be made where the acts proved were not tech-
nically treason, as mentioned in the report of
the committee in other Kentucky cases. I
stated to the committee that if the acts which
1 proved to have been committed by Mr. Trim-
ble did not constitute treason I would yield
the case, for the presumption was in favor of
my competitor, on the ground that he had pre-
tended to be a "constitutional Union man."
If Mr. Trimble knew nothing about these acts
how is it that they are corroborated by three
witnesses in such a way that the evidence is
not to be controverted ? How is it that when
Bolinger, in Cincinnati, in 1801, told Mr.
Trimble that D. W. Ellithorp was there and
that he was going to buy this lot of goods, Mr.
Trimble told him that he was interested in the
matter and not. to say anything about it ? It
is not denied that these goods were to go to the
confederate army, but Bolinger told him that
Ellithorp said they were to go south into Ten-
nessee.
Then, again, T. A. Duke swears, corrobo-
rating the testimony of Ellithorp, in regard to
the large amount of goods which were sent up
the Tennessee river. He states that in re-
sponse to a request which came from the sur-
veyor of the port of Louisville he examined
a boat load of supplies which was permitted to
go to Kentucky, but was transferred to an-
other boat, without ever being landed in Ken-
tucky, and went up the Tennessee river; and
it could not have gone up that river at that
time without going into the rebel lines; that
these goods were marked F., T. & Co., and that
Trimble told him (Duke) that he was a mem-
ber of the firm, that it was Flournoy, Trimble
& Co., and the evidence of the ex-confederate
soldier Campbell corroborates the statements
of Ellithorp about goods supplied to the con-
federates in Tennessee.
Gentlemen may talk about "policy;" they
may talk about the "intention" with which
certain acts were committed ; they may talk
about " constitutional Unionismbut here
are plain, palpable acts of treason, sworn to
by one party who was a participant and cor-
roborated by three others.
Now, sir, I do contend that the proposition
will not be denied: if Judge Trimble knew any
of those goods were to go South; if lie was
connected with this partnership and knew its
object was to send goods South, and furnished
means to carry on the business, then it is trea-
son on his part, whether the goods ever reached
their destination or not. If you will read the
decisions of Judge Marshall and others on
treason ; if you will read the cases reported in
Wharton's Criminal Law, and see in what
cases furnishing money and provisions have
been decided to be treason, then you will see
that the facts in this case justify my conclu-
sion.
And here, sir, I may argue it ought not to
inure to a man's benefit that he pretended to
bo a Union man. I will dwell for a short
time upon the evidence which is considered
by the majority of the committee as setting
aside the evidence which I have presented.
The judge has brought up a dozen witnesses;
and 1 will say they are among the most relia-
ble men in the community, and they all swear
to—what? They all swear that they do not
know that the judge ever did these things.
Well, I do not believe they do. They swear
that they were constitutional Union men; and
they further swear that the judge was a consti-
tutional Union man. In my estimation I will
say they are honest in their opinions; and that
they are honest, constitutional Union men.
What is it? It is simply this: that in 1861
they were for Kentucky neutrality and against
secession, but that when the troops were called
for, in violation of the Constitution as they
maintained, they sympathized with the South,
and have done so ever since, except some of
his witnesses, who are good conservative Union
men I know. Then there is another class of
constitutional Union men different from these
—I mean those who went into the rebel army
to save the Constitution and who fought four
years to save it.
But to proceed a little further, to show you
the testimony which has been produced to com-
bat the evidence I have presented, William
Nolen is sworn. lie swears that in 1861 he
was surveyor of the port of Paducah to Sep-
tember 1, 1861, and that he was against seces-
sion, &c.; that he did not know Trimble ever
sent any goods South, &c. I asked Mr. Nolen
the question whether in July, 1861, when he
was a United States officer under an oath to
protect and defend the Constitution, he did
not illuminate his house over the rebel victory
at the first battle of Bull Run? He said he
did. That is the evidence which is to set aside
the evidence of one witness who participated
in this contraband trade and of another who
corroborated it.
- Now, sir, I do contend that the test-oath law
was intended to apply to just such men. There
is no danger of men coming here to take the
test-oath who fought in the rebel army. _ Many
of them have too much manhood and principle
to offer or to attempt to do it. I maintain
that the test-oath was meant for such men as
my honorable competitor, who could canvass
and make speeches all day and contend that
he was a constitutional Union man and at
night send cargoes of goods and munitions of
war to the enemy to break down the Constitu-
tion ; who could come here in 1861 and on the
strength of his being a great constitutional
Union man obtain a permit from the Secretary
of the Treasury to send $6,000 worth of goods
to Kentucky, which, as the evidence of one wit-
ness shows, were sent up the Tennessee river,
and sent into the rebel lines without touching
the shores of Kentucky. Yes, sir, that is the
history of the Unionism that is to set aside the
prima fade case of disloyalty.
To go a little further, sir, when the war was
over, when the South was willing to accept, and
was accepting, in good faith the constitutional
amendment abolishing the cause of all our trou-
bles, the only curse and blot upon America's
fair fame, then this great "lover of the Consti-
tution' ' canvassed his whole district, arguing,
as was characteristic of him, that it was un-
constitutional to thus amend the Constitution
so as to make liberty commensurate with and
inseparable from the American soil, and to
say to the stranger that no matter in what
language his doom may have been pronounced,
no matter what complexion an Indian or an
African sun might have burnt upon him, that
the moment he should hereafter toucli the
sacred soil of America the chains would fall
from around him and he would stand re-
deemed, regenerated, and disenthralled by
the_ irresistible genius of American emanci-
pation. It was to prevent this most happy
consummation that this " lover of the Consti-
tution," who wanted to come to Congress as
such a great constitutional man, used all his
efforts.
But, sir, let me go still further. We are told
that this man is to be allowed to walk in here
now and take his seat because he has already
occupied a seat in this Hall without question.
Was his admission questioned when he came
here before ? I was at that time a military
commander in the district of western Ken-
tucky ; I do know that the man who ran against
him was told to come here and contest the
seat, but he was an old man and he knew the
obloquy which would be heaped upon him if
lie should attempt to do it, &nci therefor© lie
gave way and Judge Trimble came here and
tt s Sca^' sir, I beg leave to submit to
tills House upon what principle of law or jus-
tice that reasoning can be maintained which
would give a man seat in this House because
he has already occupied one here in violation
ot law for two long years? What is the beautv
and perfection and security of your law if it
be not the permanence of that law, if it be
not that when the facts are the same the law is
always the same? And I tell you, sir, that the
only way in which you can restore peace and
harmony to the disaffected portions of our
country is by seeing that the laws are faithf'uily
executed, and that every law passed by Con-
gress shall remain until repealed to pronounce
the same decision whenever the same facts
arise.
