1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2599
and protracted attention it is becoming in the
Senate to take notice of them. An investiga-
tion is due from the Senate to its own high
character, to its accused members, and to the
American people.
If there be oil this floor a Senator who has
received or offered, or agreed to take a bribe of
any nature whatever to convict or acquit the
President, let him be proven guilty before a
committee of his peers and expelled.
If there be one who has. yielded his convic-
tions to threats, let us expose the coward to the
merited contempt and scorn of a courageous
people.
If there be one who has attempted to bully
or bribe a fellow-Senator, let us know the fact,
and determine whether he is a fit associate for
us in this high council chamber.
But if none of these offenses have marred
the dignity of this great trial, let the calumnies
which the tongues and pens of ten thousand
slanderers have scattered broadcast over the
land be dispelled, and let the purity and dig-
nity of the American Senate, and of the hum-
blest as well as of the highest of its members
be vindicated by its own act.
I have borne in silence until now assaults
on my character and motives as a member of
the court, such as few, if any, of my associates
have endured. I do not allude to the fierce
storm of party denunciation which burst over
the heads of the seven .Republicans who voted
" not guilty," for that was anticipated, and I
was prepared for it. The peltiugs of that
storm I have borne with equanimity, conscious
that I had performed a just and worthy act,
and confident that the development of time
would bring an ample vindication of my con-
duct against the charges of infidelity to my
party and the country. I allude to the charges
of bribery in its various forms, now being ex-
amined by the managers of the impeachment in
secret session. I allude to scandals which have
been deliberately concocted by those urging
the cause of impeachment, and repeated
threats of assassination, all brought with the
view of affecting my action in favor of the con-
viction of the President.
Believing the trial would soon end, I have
thus far submitted in silence to these accusa-
tions and assaults, rather than provoke a con-
troversy in the Senate as to matters then pend-
ingbefore thecourt. But the trial is now ended,
and I have something to say in vindication of
my conduct during it, which it is both my right
and my duty to say.
At the beginning of the trial of this cause
I was sworn by the Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United states, as a mem-
ber of the court of impeachment, to do "im-
partial justice to Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, according to the Consti-
tution and laws." I had been, and still am,
an earnest opponent of the reconstruction
policy of his Administration, i thought, as I
still think, that policy in many most important
particulars, unwise and injurious to the best
interests of the country. I longed, and still
long, for such changes in the administration of
the Government as would conform it to the
views of the dominant party of the country,
and to the reconstruction policy of Congress.
But I could not, with the light then before me,
declare the President guilty of high crimes and
misdemeanors on mere differences as to gov-
ernmental policy. I sought to divest my mind
of all party prejudice, hear the accusations
and the evidences, and endeavored to cast my
vote in the cause with the candor and courage
of an honest judge.
In this spirit 1 discharged my duty as a mem-
ber of the court of impeachment. I voted to
admit all the evidence offered by both the
prosecution and the defense, so that the Sen-
ate, sitting as a court and jury, as judges of
law and fact, might sift it all and determine
the cause with no fact shut out by technical
rule which bore on the guilt or innocence of
the accused ; and when I voted on the several
articles of impeachment I cast out of the scale,
as far as I was able, all mere party considera-
tions, and weighed the cause as the Constitu-
tion and laws and my oath demanded.
I do not claim the attention of the Senate
to-day in order to vindicate the wisdom of my
votes. The law and the evidence applicable
to the several articles have been ably discussed
by the managers on the part of the House, by
the counsel for the President, and by the law-
yers of the Senate, and any argument from me
would be egotistic, superfluous, and now out
of time. I ask the attention of the Senate to
assert the integrity of my conduct as one of the
judges in the trial; to denounce falsehoods
set afloat affecting my honor as a Senator ; to
demand of the Senate that all charges of im-
proper influences brought to bear on Senators
during the late trial be openly and thoroughly
investigated by the Senate and not be com-
mitted to the secret investigation, but public
criticism of the board of prosecutors appointed
by the House. I challenge any man or board
to appear before this Senate or its committee
and exhibit accusations or evidence against me;
and, finally, to give notice that when that com-
mittee is appointed, I shall move the Senate to
call on the House for copies of all the testi-
mony taken by its board of managers under the
resolution of the 16th instant, so that if any
evidence of corrupt practices by or toward any
Senator, whether he be one of those voting for
or against conviction, be m possession ot the
board, it may not fail to be brought to the
attention of the Senate.
As a foundation for the charge of bribery
brought against me it is claimed that I assured
my colleague repeatedly, and up to the day of
the vote, that 1 would vote for conviction on
the eleventh article; that he bad my pledge in
writing to that effect, together with that of
thirty-five other Senators; and that I sud-
denly and unaccountably, except upon the sup-
position of bribery, changed my determination
in a single night. If the assertion of fact were
true, the inference were monstrously unfair.
Who among you, Senators, anxious to keep
his oath and do impartial justice, was at all
times free from doubt? The honorable Sena-
tor from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] in a
card published on the 20th instant in the papers
of this city, says that he and his colleague were
in doubt as to the eleventh article until the
week of the judgment, and that he was led by
the announced opinion of the Chief Justice on
the manner of taking the vote on that article
to vote for conviction, while his colleague was
led by the same opinion to vote for acquittal.
I confess, as I am sure a large part of this Sen-
ate might truthfully do, to having entertained
doubts about that and other articles until a
few days before the vote was taken, and I then
resolved the question in my own mind by giv-
ing to my country the benefit of my doubts. I
do not deny that it has been my intention to
support a portion of the articles of impeach-
ment, nor that I have given numbers of those
who approached me on that subject to under-
stand that such was my intention. But, sir,
does that debar me from changing that pur-
pose when I become convinced that a wrong is
to be perpetrated by carrying it out? Is it an
uncommon thing for men's minds to be changed
with the lapse of time and the further develop-
ment of the questions at issue?
But no man ever had from me a positive
assurance that I would vote either for convic-
tion or acquittal on that article, or either of
the other articles voted on, prior to Thursday,
the 14th instant.
That my colleague had no such assurance,
but was fully informed of my position upon
those articles, will be amply shown upon the
investigation contemplated by this resolution
by the testimony of Senators on both sides of
the question of impeachment.
Mr. President, I have been no summer sol-
dier, no sunshine patriot. I was baptized in
politics in the old Abolition party of 1814, when
but seven thousand men in the United States
dared to say that they were the friends of the
slave, and bore my share of the whips and
scorn which fell to the lot of its members
before anti-slaveryism became a popular and
lucrative profession. I led a colony to Kansas
in 18oti, and there struggled with success to
check the spread of slavery; and again, when
rebellion threatened the nation's life, Ientered
the ranks of the Union Army as a private soldier
and carried the flag until slavery was destroyed
and the authority of the national Government
reestablished. I have never labored or fought
for plunder. My hands have no dishonorable
stain upon them. No man can point to a single
instance where I have wavered in the main-
tenance of my convictions, whether in the
battle's front or the polemics of the forum.
Always poor in this world's goods, I have
contentedly worked and fought for the estab-
lishment of principles which I believed to be
beneficent, to my fellow-man and to my country;
and without egotism 1 may challenge any hon-
orable Senator here to produce a record of
service, in civil or military life, freer to this
moment from all stains of selfishness or blot
of dishonor than that which I now proudly
look back tipon and call my own.
Mr. President, I feel that this charge is her-
alded over the land and evidence ostentatiously
sought to sustain it to make me a scapegoat
for the egregious blunders, weaknesses, and
hates which have characterized this whole
impeachment movement ; itself a stupendous
blunder from its inception to the present time.
1 have been singled out as the objectot assault,
doubtless, because I am a new member here,
unskilled in debate, unknown to national pol-
itics, and comparatively without the means of
seif-defense possessed by abler and more ex-
perienced members. I am conscious of these
disadvantages, as well as of the strength and
malignity of my accusers. They have to-day
at their back a large majority of the great
patriotic party to which they and I belong, with
nearly all its machinery of vengeance ; while
I have but a feeble voice here, backed, how-
ever, by that never-failing source of strength,
my own consciousness of rectitude and patri-
otic, honest purpose. Let them do their worst.
There is a just people behind us all who con-
stitute the court of last resort, in which all our
acts are tried and judged. Dearly as I value
my hard-earned reputation—the chief property
of myself, my wife, and my children — pro-
foundly as I appreciate my weakness and the
strength of my accusers, I am upheld by a
consciousness of rectitude which no power can
shake, and I bid defiance to them and their
calumnies.
Mr. President, I desire to offer a substitute
for the resolution now pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strikeout all after the word ''Resolved"
and insert:
That a committee be appointed by the President
i of the Senate, to be composed of three Senators,
i whose duty it shall bo to inquire whether improper
or corrupt means have been used, or attempted to
be used, to influence the votes of the members of the
Senate in the trial of the impeachment of the Pres-
ident; and that the said eommitteo bo authorized
and empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to do all things that in their judgment may be neces-
sary for the furtherance of the object of the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. ROSS. In conformity with the sugges-
tion acceded to in regard to the other resolu-
tion I will modify it so as to make the com-
mittee five instead of three members.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to,,
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill pending;
I think the Arkausas bill.
