1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
client." I decide what it is important for me
to say in the argument, instead of letting the
court decide it tor me, so iar as I am con-
cerned ; and 1 never did recognize the position
that I believe some judges assume to them-
selves, that it is a matter of favor to the pub-
lic it they sit and hear causes. It is a matter
of duty tor them to hear all that is to be said.
Now, the proposition of the Senator from
Iowa is to leave this question where the Sen-
ator from Nevada says such questions are ordi-
narily left, to the judgment ot' the court at the
time the question arises; and that is the better
way; it is according to practice. My main
objection to this is, that in the Senate, before
we have organized ourselves into the court that
is mentioned in these rules, we undertake to
establish rules which the court itself ought to
establish. This is a material question. The
time allowed to debate may, and often does,
influence the result of a trial, and 1 think that,
it is a question that ought to be decided when
the Chiet Justice is presiding in this body, i
do not think it ought to be decided now, be-
cause it is of the very essence of the trial; it
is material. If we can say that the discussion
shall be an hour we may here establish an ar-
bitrary rule for the court that discussion shall
close in a less time than that. So i think it
ouglit to be left to the court, i think it is a
question that properly belongs to the court
when organized as such.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I rise simply
to correct a misapprehension of the Senator
from Indiana. I disclaimed anything of party
in this mailer, so far as the Senate was con-
cerned ; but i said this would be a great ques-
tion for the country ; that parties haviugtaken
ground for the President and against the Presi-
dent would feel a great deal of interest in
the matter, and that there would be great ex-
citement arising from the discussion of this
question ; and now 1 propose to predict, and
tlie event will show the tact to be, that if we
permit discussion here without restriction and
without limitation, if we extend it to the tune
allowed by the Senator from New Jersey, this
trial will be protracted so long that it will be-
come a stench in the nostrils of the people ;
they will say "abandon it, quit it." They do
not consider that the issues Here are so compli-
cated and so numerous that they cannot be de-
cided at an early day ; and they believe that
the Senators sitting as a high court of im-
peachment are capable of comprehending a
legal argument of an hour, and that they can
grasp all the important points which can be
presented in an hour's argument ot prelimin-
ary or interlocutory questions.
Now, sir, it is legitimate, I believe, it is, at
all events, the practice in criminal trials, for
the defendant's counsel to avail himself of all
the means of delay, provided lie thinks that
delay will result to tlie benefit of his client. I
know that it has been the practice in the crim-
inal courts for counsel to avail themselves of
more delay in" order that the defendant, their
client, may have the benefit of that delay, that
the court may become tired, that the jury
may become tired, that the community may
become tired, and demand that the whole
thing shall be stopped. If the defendant's
couusel in this ease should be satisfied that
by delay, that by wearying the patience of
the people, that by long speeches made before
the brilliant audience which will be assem-
bled to witness the trial of this great question,
they will benelit their client, l am not pre-
pared to say that they will be criminal in try-
ing to have the defendant escape by means of
delay.
But, sir, I rose simply to say that I did not
allude to any party investigation ot this matter
in the Senate, but simply referred to the state
ol' partv excitement outside ot the Senate. I
hope that every Senator will feel that he is
bound to decide this case as a juror is in a
criminal case, according to the law and_ the
testimony. I shall be prepared to decide it in
that way, and 1 shall be prepared to give to the
defendant in this case the benefit of any doubt
that he may be properly entitled to and always
to lean upon the side of mercy and*of justice.
Mr. MUJiTON. Mr. President, this is simply,
in my judgment, a question as to what is reason-
able iu the conduct ot this trial. We cannot
shut our eyes to the character of a proceeding
of this kind. We cannot shut our eyes to the
history of other cases of this kind that have
been tried. We know that in its very nature it
is liable to more delay and to be longer pro-
tracted than any other kind of case; aud it is
therefore the duty of the Senate—it is not a
question of favor to either side, for our rule is
to be equally binding upon each side—it is the
duty of the Senate to provide such rules, if they
can be provided, that this trial shall not be
unreasonably protracted. There is too Inuch
business before this Congress demanding its
attention, and the interests involved are too
great, toailow sograve aproeeeding to bo trilled
with by an indefinite extension in point of time.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that we
should have no rule upon this question ; but
that it' we find that a counsel is abusing the
patience of the court by speaking against time
we can then stop him. 1 need not suggest to
one so intelligent as he is that it is a much
more delicate matter to stop a counsel, a law-
yer of reputation, who is addressing the court>
in the midst of an argument, and then decide
that his argument is not important, than it would
be now to fix a rule alike applicable to all.
And this court might suffer its patience jp bo
abused for days and weeks, perhaps, before it
would take the responsibility of slopping any
counsel, although every member of the court
might be satisfied that he was speaking against
time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will per-
mit me to interrupt him. lie certainly misun-
derstood me. I did not say anything about
stopping counsel. I was alluding to a prior
argument made over the way, aud I said that
the court, if the case should arise, might estab-
lish a rule ; but that it would apply to future
cases alter its adoption.
Mr. MOJITON. Perhaps I misunderstood
the Senator. At any rate, however, that sug-
gestion has been made by some one hero; but
take the modification that my friend from
Pennsylvania now suggests, that alter having
had the patience ol' the Senate abused we can
then establish the rules. It might be a more
delicate and difficult matter then ; but I ask,
what objection can there be to establishing it
now, with the condition that on an important
question it may bo suspended by the consent
of the court? The Senate sitting as a court
can determine whether a question is of that
magnitude that there is propriety in allowing
counsel to discuss it more than one hour ou each
side. I am sure that that could be determined
by the Senate at once ; and the Senator will
agree with me that there can be no doubt that
iu any such ease the Senate would suspend the
operation of the rule and allow the counsel to
proceed indefinitely, if it was deemed import-
ant or proper to do so. But, sir, a thousand
little questions may arise upon the testimony
one way and another, and counsel may debate
them for a great length of time with the zeal
couusel have, especially in important cases,
that zeal which grows out of their conflict with
opposing counsel. Those who are lawyers have
had experience of that kind, and know well
how debate is often protracted upon questions
in that way.
And there is another consideration. Mr. Pres-
ident, in this connection, it is that questions
are often magnified in their importance by the
magnitude of the case in which they arise. I
have known little questions, very plain and
simple, to be thus magnified in their impoitance
and in their apparent difficulty by being raised
in important cases ; and I have heaid ques-
tions discussed f'or hours in important cases,
the discussion of which would hardly be tole-
rated for ten minutes in unimportant cases.
In a case of this kind, unless there is some re-
striction, the most eminent counsel would feel
themselves justified in discussing questions for
hours, and not feel that they were trespassing
on the patience of the court, on account of tlie
magnitude of the casein which they were raised.
'This rule is simply for the protection of tbe
Senate, for the protection ot the interests of
the country. It is to operate as much tipon
one side as it is upon the other, and it cannot,
in my judgment, possibly produce any injury;
but 1 think lean well see thatitmay save hours,
days, and, perhaps, weeks of our time. There-
fore, 1 think the rule ought to be preserved at
one hour. Now, my friend from New Jersey
proposes to make it two hours. I see no rea-
son for that amendment, if wo begin this
trial, say at one o'clock every day, a question
of that kind is raised and discussed two hours
on each side, and the day is gone. The next
morning another question is raised arid dis-
cussed two hours on each side, and that day is
gone. Tims weeks can be consumed. It has
been so done in other cases of far less import-
ance than this; and why may it not bo done
here? I do not say that it will be done upon
one side more than upon another. I have no
intimations of that kind to make; but I say
that the history of trials of this kind shows that
such delays have been interposed, and they can
only bo prevented, in my judgment, by the
adoption m advance of reasonaule rules upon
the subject.
Mr. JL)IXON. Mr. President, does any Sen-
ator suppose that respectable counsel, as we
must presume they will be in this great trial,
will dare to abuse the patience of the Senate
in the maimer indicated by the Senator from
Indiana by making speeches against time?
Why, sir, such an attempt, as every Senator
knows, would only work to the injury of the
party accused. There is no such danger; there
is no possibility ol'it, audit'there should prove
to be a possibility of if. the remedy will always
be in tho hands of the Senate. I take it, sir, it
would be in the power of the court of impeach-
ment to put a stop to any abuso of that kind
at any moment. The Senator speaks as if haste
and an early decision, or at least a decision not
protracted, were very desirable.
Mr. MOliTON. Will the Senator allow me?
I am as much opposed to haste as any Senator
upon this floor. This trial must not be a hasty
trial; it must be a fair and impartial trial; and
it must appear to be so to the whole world. I
will oppose the adoption of any rule that bears
the impression of haste.
Mr. DIXON. Tlie Senator said that it was
very desirable that this trial should not be pro-
tracted.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly I say so.
Mr. DIXON. And so have other Senators.
I can tell those Senators that the people of the
United States, iu whose name this impeach-
ment is brought or said to be brought, are more
anxious that tho trial shall be just than that it
shall not be protracted. They desire that jus-
tice should he done, and I have no doubt that
is the desire of every Senator here. Now, sup-
pose it should be delayed a week or two weeks,
or even a month longer than it might be dis-
posed of, by lengthened discussions. Take the
very case that the Senator has put; suppose
the person accused should have the opportu-
nity for a whole month, in a case of this kind,
to address the court of impeachment upon
important questions, would that be a very great
evil? it seems to rae not. Why, sir, the very
idea of restricting him at all is against com-
mon justice ; it is a new thing ; I think I might
almost say it is against the common law. It is
only, so far as i know, of recent practice to
limit a person accused in any maimer. Let
him have the opportunity to say all that he can
say in fiis own defense ; and when he has fin-
ished his defense then give your judgment;
and if at any time it appears that he is insult-
ing and abusing the patience of the court the
remedy is in the hands of the court; but it is
an impossible thing to suppose ; it cannot be.
This trial is to be conducted, i take it, with
decency upon both sides ; with propriety.
I have no doubt that men of great ability and
of eminent character before the country will
