1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
He was convicted.
And yet, sir, we have been incorrectly in-
formed that in this case
"Not. one of the several able managers for the Com-
mons protended to claim a conviction in the absence
of proof of an indictable crime."—Minority lieport.
Judiciary Committee, 73.
Lord Melville was impeached before the
Lords in 1806 for that, as treasurer of the
navy, he had used the public money for pur-
poses of private gain, prior to and since the
statute of June, 1785. (25 George III, chap-
ter 31.) It was conceded that he had properly
accounted for all money; that he had properly
paid all demands upon him as treasurer; that
it had even been down to a certain period—
"Irreproachable to those who exercised that office
to make use of the public money which passed
through their hands."—Atpeme't Jieport, 6.
There was no complaint of any public act
"against the welfare of the subject or the
common good," or subversive of any funda-
mental principle of government.
He could not, therefore, be impeached unless
he was indictable at common law, or had vio-
lated a statute, to do which is by the common
law indictable. The managers insisted that
his conduct was an offense at common law, and
since the statute of June, 1785, a violation of
that act. (Asperne's Report, 138.)
He denied the charges. After hearing evi-
dence, questions were put to the judges :
1. Whether moneys issued from the ex-
chequer to the credit of the treasurer of the
navy in the Bank of England may be lawfully
drawn therefrom by him for the purpose of
paying bills actually drawn upon the treasurer,
but not yet actually presented; and whether
money so drawn may be deposited with a
banker until the payment of such bills, and
for the purpose of paying them; or whether
such acts are in law a crime or offense.
Answer. The judges answered that such
drawing and deposit of money were lawful
and no crime.
2. Whether moneys issued from the ex-
chequer to the credit of the treasurer of the
navy in the Bank of England may be lawfully
drawn therefrom by him to be ultimately ap-
plied to navy services, but in the mean time,
and until required, for the purpose of being
deposited with a private banker in the name
and under the control of his (Melville's) pri-
vate clerk.
Answer. The judges answered that if the
object of drawing the money from the Bank of
England was to deposit it with a private banker,
it was not lawful, although intended to be and in
fact ultimately applied to naval service; but if so
deposited bona fide as the means or supposed
means of more conveniently applying the money
to naval services, the money may be lawfully
drawn.
3. Whether it was lawful for the Treasurer,
before the statute 25, George III, chapter 31,
(and especially as his salary had been aug-
mented by the king's warrant in full satisfaction
of all wages, fees, and profits,) to apply money
impressed to him for naval services to any other
use whatever, public or private, and whether
such application would have been a misde-
meanor punishable by information or indict-
ment. The judges answered it was not unlaw-
ful, so as to constitute a misdemeanor punish-
able by information or indictment.
The form of these questions implies that
Melville had not used the public money for
private purposes since the statute of 25 George j
III, chapter 31, and it was not at common law 1
a misdemeanor to do so prior to the statute.
The case was one not calling for any decision
of the general question whether an act to be
impeachable must be indictable, nor was any
such proposition discussed. The lordsdeeided
he was not guilty.
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen have asked with
an air of triumph that some case should be
pointed out where an act not indictable has
been held impeachable.
I will name some:
On the 8th of July, 1797, the Senate of the
United States resolved that William Blount
wasguiltyofa u high misdemeanor," although
he was not guilty of an indictable crime. (G
American Law Register, N. S. 649-667.)
If the views of the minority of the Judiciary
Committee on the impeachment of the Presi-
dent are correct, Judge Pickering was im-
peached and removed, though not guilty of a
a crime by common or statute law. (Minoritj
Report, 6G.)
The first charge against Judge Humphreys
was for advocating secession in a public speech
December 29, 1860, which was no crime by
common or statute law, and yet he was im-
peached and removed. There was no rebel-
lion then and no "confederate" government.
(4 Cranch, 75; 1 Dallas, 35; 2 Wallace, jr.,
139; 2 Bishop, Criminal Law, 1186, 1204; 23
Boston Law Reporter, 597, 705: 1 Bishop, 514;
Burr's Trial, Coombs' Edition, 322.)
Judge Addison was impeached in Pennsyl-
vania in 1802, though Chief Justice Shippen
had declared him not guilty of any indictable
crime. (6 American Law Register, 664 n.,
674 n.)
The books present numerous cases of crimes
held impeachable which were not indictable.
Upon this law and with these facts before us
the President is guilty of high crimes and mis-
demeanors deserving impeachment. An ap-
peal has been made to this House to vindicate
the national honor and declare that art attempt
to subvert the Government cannot avoid the
penalties of the Constitution. Hastings escaped
conviction, butnotapatient trial for his crimes.
Andrew Johnson, more criminal but more for-
tunate, has escaped a trial; in the haste to
relieve him, almost without debate or hearing,
his crimes have been ignored, and his triumph
over Congress is complete.
Like Hastings, he will pass into history con-
demned and detested forever. I will not cal-
culate the consequences of our failure to re-
move the President. It leaves him in the
exercise of power to embarrass or defeat recon-
struction on a loyal basis under our laws. It
turns over to oppression, outrage, and wrong
the entire loyal people of the South. It revives
the hopes and may permanently establish in
power the rebels and traitors who sought to
destroy the nation. If the President, in the
license of his unrestrained ambition and usurp-
ation, shall not in the next presidential elec-
tion disregard our laws and recognize elections
and electoral votes cast under the State gov-
ernments of his creation, and inaugurate rev-
olution and bloodshed to accomplish his pur-
poses, the nation will be spared calamities and
perils the consequences of which we cannot
foresee.
president's message.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, it may be pre-
sumptuous in me at this time to address the
House; but the attempt of the President to
put this Congress before the country, as he
does in his message, as persistent violators of
the Constitution, in their measures for the
reconstruction of the rebel States, induces me
to attempt an examination into the facts. The
allegations of the President are that—
"To dictate what alterations shall be made^n the
constitutions of the several States; to conffol the
elections of State legislators and State officers, mem-
bers of Congress, and electors of President and Vice
President, by arbitrarily declaring who shall vote and
who shall be excluded from that privilege; to organ-
ize and operate all the political machinery of the
States, these are powers not granted to the Federal
Government or to any of its branches. If the author-
ity we desire to use does not come to us through the
Constitution we can exercise it only by usurpation,
and usurpation is the most dangerous of political
crimes.
" The acts of Congress in question are not only objec-
tionable for their assumption of ungranted power,
but maDy oftheir provisions are in conflict with the
direct prohibitions of the Constitution."
What I now propose is to examine the acts
both of the President and of Congress, and
the authority upon which they are based, and
see who, in the language of the President, has
been guilty of this most dangerous of political
crimes—the usurpation of ungranted powers.
The duty and authority of the President I find
in section three of the second article of the
Constitution, as follows:
" The President shall from time to time give to the
Congress information upon the state of the Union,
and recommend to their consideration such meas-
ures as he shaH judge necessary and expedient;" *
* * * " ho may, on extraordinary occasions,
convene both Houses, or either of them; he shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed."
Here is not to be found one word about lec-
turing Congress, or lecturing State Legisla-
tures, or appointing provisional governors over
States, or authorizing conventions to alter the
constitutions of States, or determining who
might vote or who might not vote in the sev-
eral States, or in any manner whatever author-
izing him to exercise legislative duties. Yet
since the close of the armed rebellion the Pres-
ident has done ill these things. He has done
all, and more than all he charges Congress
with having done-. He issued a proclamation
on the 29th day of May, 18G5, from which I
make the following extract:
'' I. Andrew Johnson. President of the United States
and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States, do hereby appoint William W.
Holden provisional governor of the State of North
Carolina; whose duty it shall be at the earliest prac-
ticable period to prescribe such rules and regulations
as may be necessary and proper for convening a con-
vention composed of delegates to bo chosen by that
portionof thepeopleof saidStatewhoareloyaltothe
United States, and no others, for the purpose of alter-
ing or amending the Constitution thereof; and wkh
authority to exercise within the limits of said State
all the powers necessary and proper to enable such
loyal people of the State to restore said State to its
constitutional relations to tho Federal Government."
And when he issued this proclamation, he
said he did it—
" In obedience to the high and solemn duties im-
posed on mc by the Constitution of the United States."
Tell me, you men on this floor, if any there
be who support the President, where he found
the right to exercise legislative powers at all,
much more the right to go into a State and
appoint over it a provisional governor, an offi-
cer unknown to the Constitution ? What right
had he to order a convention to make a consti-
tution for a State in this Union? What right
had he to say who should compose a conven-
tion to alter a constitution for a State ? Tell
me what right he had to say, as he did, who
should vote and who should not vote in the
State of North Carolina any more than he
would have the right to go into the State of
Pennsylvania and say who should vote there ?
What right had he to tell the convention of
North Carolina, as he did in his "executive
order" of October 18, 1865—
" That every dollar of the debt created in aid of the
rebellion against the United States should be repu-
diated finally and forever?"
Had he any more right to tell North Caro-
lina what debts she must repudiate than to tell
her what debts she must pay ? Had he not
the same right to tell New York what debts
she might repudiate and what she might pay ?
What he did to North Carolina he did to South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Missis-
sippi, and Texas.
In the case of Virginia, he issued on the 8th
day of May, 1865, an "executive order" rec-
ognizing the " Peirpoint administration as that
of the State'of Virginia." Now, where did he
get the right to recognize this Peirpoint admin-
istration which was an illegitimate sort of a
bantling got up and maintained over the^ river
in Alexandria? Where in the Constitution is
to be found the authority to recognize any
twenty men who get up a government, after the
fashion of old John Brown, for the State of
Virginia, by an "executive order?" And
where in that Constitution he scattered !so pro-
fusely did he find the authority to telegraph
from the " executive office," as he did to Gov-
ernor Murphy, of Arkansas, on the 20th of
October, 1865, that—
"There will be no interference with your present
organization of State government?"
Not content with what he did himself, he
calls to his aid the Secretary of State, who
writes on the 1st of November, 1865, to Pro-
visional Governor Marvin, of Florida, that the
President—
"Directs me to say that he regards the ratification
