2600
the congressional globs.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts^ [Mr. Wilson.]'
_ The motion was agreed to; and after a short
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
a.ud joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 198) to reestablish the
boundaries of the collection districts of Mich-
igan and Mackinac, and to change the names
of the collection districts of Michilimackinac
and Port Huron;
A bill (II. R. No. 875) to repeal an act ap-
proved March 2, 18G7, entitled " An act to
regulate the disposition of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures received under the laws relating to
the customs, and for other purposes," and to
amend certain acts for the prevention and
punishment of frauds on the revenue and for
the prevention of smuggling;
A bill (H. R. No. 1119) for the registration
or enrollment of certain foreign vessels ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 9G) for the
relief of John Sedgwick, collector of internal
revenue third district, California.
representation of arkansas.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill {II. R. No. 10o9) to admit
the State of Arl cansas to representation in
Congress, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Drake, to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
That the State of Arkansas, under and with the
constitution thereof adopted in convention on the
11th day of Pebruary, 1863, and subsequently ratified
by the people of said State, shall be entitled to be
admitted to representation m Congress as one of the
States of the Union whenever the Legislature of
said Slate shall pjss an act agreeing, on behalf of
said State, to the following fundamental condition
of such admission, to wit: That the said constitution
shall never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any one of the right to vote at all elections held in
said State by the people for Representatives in Con-
gress, or for State, county, or municipal officers, or
for any other purpose, who now is or may hcreaitcr
become, according to the present terms of said con-
stitution, entitled to vote; unless such deprivation
be imposed as a punishment for s>ueh crimes as are
now felonies at the common law, whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State; that
the third section of the first article of said constitu-
tion, in the word? following, to wit: "Tho equality
of all persons before tho law is recognized, and shall
ever lemain inviolate; nor shall any citizen ever be
deprived of any right, privilege, or immunity, nor
exempted from any burden or duty, on account of
race, color, or previous condition," shall never be
repealed or changed; that any violation by said
State of the terms of this condition shall authorize
the exclusion of said State from representation in
either House of Congress so long as such violation
continues; and that all laws or ordinances enacted
or ordained in said State m contravention of this
fundamental condition shall be wholly inoperative
therein.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnncted. That upon the
passageofsuchan act by the Legislature of said State
legally authenticated copies thereof shall be trans-
mitted to th e President of tho Senate and th e Speaker
ef the House of Representatives, and by them laid
before the Congress, and if declared by a concurrent
vote of both Houses to be in accordance with this
act, the said State shall he admitted to representa-
tion in Congress as one of the States of the Union.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I deem it
proper to say a few words in explanation of
this amendment. I do not propose to go into
any extended remarks upon it, nor in any way
to occupy the attention of the Senate for any
length of time in connection with it or with the
original bill.
1 desire it to be understood, sir, in the out-
set, that the amendment is not offered in antag-
onism to the bill, but for the purpose of putting
the bill, as I conceive, in a better shape. As
it came from the House of Representatives the
bill contains a fundamental condition intended
to secure a certain gieat object in connection
with the admission of Arkansas to repuesenta-
May 27-,
tion m Congress. The reason of my offering
the amendment now before the Senate is that
the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives seems to me to be inefficient in ac-
complishing the object which it bears upon its
face.
I make these remarks, sir, in order that the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom the bill
was referred here, and who reported it back
without amendment, may understand my pur-
pose in offering the amendment.
In the first place, Mr. President, on the gene-
ral ground of imposing fundamental conditions
on the admission of States to representation in
Congress, I take it for granted that the prac-
tice of the Government for more than fifty
years 011 that subject establishes the right of
Congress to impose snch conditions, and that
that right can hardly become the subject of
argument here in connection with this bill. A
prominent and well-known instance in which
that was done in reference to the constitution
of a State to be admitted was in 1821, in re-
gard to Missouri; and again it was done when
the State of Nevada was admitted, and again
within the last eighteen months when the State
of Nebraska was admitted.
In view of these precedents, I do not under-
take to make any remarks further upon the
right of Congress to impose fundamental con-
ditions to the admission of any State; and I
proceed now to show very briefly wherein this
bill as it came from the House of Representa-
tives appears to me to be insufficient for the
purpose it was intended to subserve.
In the first place, the fundamental condition
is imposed on the State of Arkansas without,
as in previous instances of a like kind, the as-
sent, of that State being required to be signified
to it. If the State shall be admitted without
signifying by formal act its assent to the fund-
amental condition, the door will be left open
in the future for it to deny that it ever did as-
sent to the fundamental condition or that it is
in any wise boand by it. I do not wish to leave
that door open for future difficulty ; and there-
fore the amendment which I propose requires
the Legislature of that State, as in tho ease of
Nebraska, to assent to the fundamental condi-
tion preeedently to her admission to representa-
tion in Congress.
Again, the bill as it stands says "that the
constitution of Arkansas shall never be so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen,
or class of citizens, of the United States of the
right to vote who are entitled to vote by the
constitution herein recognized." Now, let us
look at that constitution. The bill as it stands
protects only citizens of the United States.
The constitution adopted by Arkansas provides
for persons who have declared their intention
to become citizens of the United States being
entitled to the right to vote ; therefore the bill
offers no protection whatever to them. Iience
it may be considered as in some sense antago-
nistic to the very constitution which it is in-
tended to affirm.
Again, it applies only to "citizens of the
United States" when the Constitution says
that " every male person born in the United
States;" it does not say " citizens' of the
United States," but "every male person born
in the United States, and every male person
who has been naturalized," &c. 1 wish that
the act admitting the State into the Union
should be in its terms coextensive with the
constitutional provision of Arkansas with re-
gard to the elective franchise; and when the
people of that State say that every male per-
son born within the United States shall have
the right to vote, I do not wish that the act
itself should confine its terms to persons com-
prised within the class of those known as citi-
zens, because if we restrict it to citizcns of
the United States the question may be sprung
in that State hereafter whether colored people
born in the United States are citizens, and I
do not wish to leave any such question open.
If it be answered that an act of Congress
declares that they are citizens, I reply that
that act of Congress will be of no avail what-
ever before the State courts of Arkansas if
that State should ever come under the control
of those who were engaged in the rebellion.
I do not wish to leave that question open j
and, therefore, sir, the amendment that I have
drawn says that the constitution "shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any
one of the right to vote," &c. That comports
with the language of the Arkansas constitution.
The act as it stands, in my opinion, does not.
But, sir, there is. another objection to the
condition contained in the bill, and that is that
the condition says that the constitution shall
not be so amended or changed " as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United
States of the right to vote who are entitled to
vote by the constitution herein recognized."
That phraseology, " who are entitled to vote,"
may be held to mean those that are now enti-
tled to vote, and not those that may hereafter
become ho entitled. In order to obviate the
difficulty which may grow out, of the attempt to
disfranchise men there who become voters after
this bill shall pass, my amendment provides
that the protection shall extend to ali those
who may hereafter become by this constitu-
tion entitled to vote, as well as to those now
entitled.
There is still another objection to the con-
dition as expressed in the bill, and that is in
the exception as to the punishment for crime.
The bill authorizes men to be deprived of the
right to vote "as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted." There
is one fundamental defect in that, and that is
that there is no requirement that the laws under
which men shall be duly convicted of these
crimes shall be equally applicable to all the in-
habitants of the State. It is a very easy thing
in a State to make one set oflaws applicable to
white men, and another set oflaws applicable
to colored men. I saw it stated in a paper re-
cently in such an authoritative manner that I
have no doubt of its truth, that in the State
of Florida, at this time, a negro who commits
an assault and battery upon a white man may
be sold into slavery for a period of twenty
years, and that negroes have been sold into
slavery there for jostling white men upon tha
sidewalks of the streets.
Mr. CONKLING. Was that a felony ?
Mr. DRAKE. They may declare it to be a
felony or they may make other offenses felo-
nies. I only cite this as an illustration of the
spirit of the legislation of these States if they
ever come under rebel control again, that one
punishment is to be meted out to a white man
and another punishment to a negro. I wish to
guard against that, and that is guarded against
in the amendment which I propose by declar-
ing that those laws shall be equally applicable
to all the inhabitants of the State.
These, Mr. President, are the points on
which_ I object to this bill as it stands; but
there is one very much greater point than any
of these, behind the whole, and that is, that
there is no sanction whateyer to this funda-
mental condition. If you pass the bill as it
stands now, and the State of Arkansas chooses
to violate the fundamental condition, what are
you going to do to it? Where is the recourse?
Will you go into the courts of that State if
they should have fallen under rebel control
again ? What rights would any loyal man get
in the courts of that State? If you look at it
as a political question, what recourse has Con-
gress or the nation for a violation of this fun-
damental condition ? There is the great defect
of the bill, in my judgment. I wish to guard
that thing, and therefore it is that the amend-
ment which I propose provides "that any vio-
lation by said State of the terms of this con-
dition shall authorize the exclusion of said
State from representation in either House of
Congress so long as such violation continues."
That is the only guarantee I know of that Con-
gress has it in its power to impose now for the
observance of this fundamental condition If
any other can be presented by any Senator that
will be more efficient I will most gladly adopt
