1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Burr.
Ho. op Reps.
witnesses, when a man was recruiting for the
rebel army in Kentucky, he made speeches for
" the Constitution," and asked men to enlist
in the rebel army " to save the Constitution."
Again, sir, it appears by the evidence of Mr.
Hall, which is not mentioned in the report oi
the committee, that packages of goods in 18G-1
wore sent by this firm, of which the contestee
was a member, marked to go to places in Ken-
tucky when in fact the persons to whom they
were directed lived in Tennessee, outside of
the lilies; and it was unlawful and treasonable
to send anything there. This was in 1864,
although the pretense is made that Judge
Trimble had nothing to do with such matters
after 1861.
Now, sir, I wish to mention another com-
bination of circumstances in this great chain
of circumstantial evidence, which if I were
before a court and jury I would defy any man
to meet successfully. After the return of Eili-
thorp from his journey in connection with this
great contraband trade, which was carried on
under the guise of building a railroad in Ten-
nessee and sending goods to the men engaged
upon it, when in i'act the goods were delivered
to the confederates, W. F. Ellithorp testifies
that he procured seven sacks of coffce from
Judge Trimble's store to send to the enemy.
This is not disputed, and he states that he took
this through ihe lines himself.
Is evidence of this character to be set at
nought upon the ground that Judge Trimble
was a great " constitutional Union man?" It
is m evidence that at the most critical period
of the rebellion, when the Government needed
to have its armies reonforced by thousands of
additional recruits, when the civilized world was
looking upon our conflict for constitutional lib-
erty with doubt, wondering whether this great
Government of the people should fall for the
want of a few thousand more men—atthatperiod
this great lover of the Constitution told the
people of bis district that he would not give
one more man or one more dollar to carry on
the war. Yet because this man has already
served as a member for two years it is claimed
that he must be admitted now in spite of the
record which is proved against him.
It would take, as gentlemen must perceive,
two hours, without lambliug, to present the
facts and the law of this case. But, sir, before
I close I would briefly refer to the question of
law involved, and upon this question I feel
that I can speak with some confidence, because
I have extended my investigations over a
period of nearly two hundred years, and I find
that the principle upon which 1 stand has been
clearly established as a principle of the com-
mon law during that whole period. That the
principle that where the candidate who receives
the greatest number of votes is ineligible, and
the electors had notice or a good reason to be-
lieve he was disqualified, all votes cast for him
are thrown away and the next candidate is en-
titled to the seat, as he lias received the only
legal votes cast, has always been recognized
both by the courts of law and legislative bodies.
Now, if this were a question of doubtful
constitutionality I sl*)uld not wonder so much,
but it is only an ordinary question of common
law, and its right decision is reached by simply
traveling for a few years the highway of prece-
dent ; aud, sir, having traveled that highway,
I stand here to say, without fear of contradic-
tion, that if you will investigate the subject
you will find I am right. I have not time to
mention cases in detail. There are many that
I might mention. The only American author-
ity upon this point is Cushing's Parliamentary
Law, and he positively declares that this is the
American law. But my time is again up and
I must close. In conclusion I will say that I
have endeavored (o discharge my duty by pros-
ecuting this contest so as fairly to bring my
competitor's record hef'ore the committee. It
will be said that I have been the enemy of
many of the people of my district for trying to
keep their Representative out, bat the time
will come when they will bo satisfied that he
is and has been the worst and most deceitful
enemy they ever had. He has proved himself
in this contest exactly the opposite from the
principles ho pretended to entertain before
his constituents, and his course shows that
the wishes and interests of his constituents he
will at any time sacrifice for his personal benefit.
And if after having proved these acts against
my competitor it is the opinion of this House,
as it seems lo be of the committee, that my
competitor, proving himself a violent Union
mau and a coercionist, throws a reasonable
doubt around thorn in his favor, or shows that if
he did commit these treasonable acts he did
it not because he sympathized with the rebel-
lion but to make money, and should therefore
be admitted, I abide by the decision.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. ALBERT G. BURR,
01' illinois,
Is the House of Representatives,
January 10, 1868.
The House having u uder consideration the bill (II.
K. No. -loO) additional and supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel State?," passed March 2,1367—
Sir. BURR said:
Mr. Speaker : Distrusting as I do my own
ability to discuss in a manner satisfactory to
myself the subject which is under considera-
tion in the presence of those whose legislative
experience and ability so far exceed my own,
1 almost tremble, sir, in assuming to say any-
thing on the subject. Let me remind the
House and its members that the proposition
under discussion is not a dry technicality; it is
not for the purpose merely of deciding a given
construction of the Constitution; but it is a
decision in the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment of the most important question which
could be pressed upon the House for discus-
sion, involving, in my humble judgment, the
prosperity, if not the very existence of a repub-
lican form of government on our soil. The
fathers, in framing the Constitution under
which our Government to-day exists, were
prompted and governed in their action by the
spirit of compromise and a desire to harmo-
nize the different conflicting interests repre-
sented in the Convention by the delegates from
the various States. Let me ask attention briefly
to the letter sent forth by the Convention which
framed (hat Constitution, which letter is certi-
fied by the signature of George Washington
himself, showing the Constitution was adopted
as the result ot a spirit of compromise, and
showing at the same time, sir, the views which
our fathers held of the powers vested in the
different branches of the Government by the
Constitution. A clause of that letter is as
follows:
"It is obviously impracticable in the Federal gov-
eru.-icnt uf these States to securo all rights of inde-
pendent sovereignly to each, and yet provide for llie
interest and safety of all. Individuals entering into
society must tfive up a share of liberty to preserve the
rest. The magnitude of the saeritieo must dopend rs
well oil situation and circumstance as on tlie object
to he obtained. It is at all times difficult to draw
with precision the line between tliosc lights v/hii'li
must bo surrendered and those which may be reserved;
and on tho present occasion, this difficulty was in-
creased by a duTercncc among the several States as
to their situation, oxtcnt, habits, and particular
interests."
Sir, that difficulty, if we will view the case
with candor, in the present day has been in
some degree diminished, for by an amendment
to the same Constitution, which amendment
forms to-day one of the vital parts of that
instrument, it is expressly provided what rights
may be or are reserved by the people of the
States, and what are granted by the people of
the States • to the General Government. It
shows that our Government is one of delegated
powers, delegated by the people to the Govern-
ment in its several departments. This amend-
ment, short and comprehensive, is as follows:
"Article X.
" Tho powers not delegated to tho United States by
tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to tho States respectively, or to the
people."
Now, sir, in our form of government, as well
as in a^ monarchy, there is somewhere existing
the principle which we may term sovereignty.
Does it exist in our form of government in the
lixecutive? No. In the legislative depart-
ment? No. In the judiciary? No. In all
combined? No; but in the people, and all
these departments of Government can ex-
ercise rightfully and constitutionally only such
powers as the people have granted or dele-
gated to them in the Constitution, which should
be the rule and guide in the exercise of power
for each and all of them.
But, sir, why have we three instead of one
department in our Government? Without
having time to read or quote the text, I will
refer to eminent authors, among them Story
and other commentators on different parts of
the Constitution, showing the House that these
vested powers in these three departments were
so diffused under limitations and restrictions
in tho Constitution as to constitute guards of
the liberties of the people against the invasion
or usurpation of power by which their liber-
tics would be endangered if they were under
a monarchy, where one man's authority or
power alone fills the place of the executive,
legislative, and judicial departments as exist-
ing in our form of government.
It was well remarked the other day by my
colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] that it is the
theory of our Government so long as any one
of these departments remains true to the peo-
ple and faithful to the Constitution, just so long
will the individual citizen have a guarantee for
his liberty against any usurpation by either or
both of the other departments.
Now, sir, with that statement of the inter-
pretation of the Constitution, which I think is
fair, that it is one of delegated power to eaeli
of these departments of the Government, let
me ask the question, what is the framework
of the bill now before the House ? Is it to ex-
tend the limits of the executive power ? No ;
but to restrict it within narrower bounds than
the Constitution defines and expressly grants.
Furthermore, it limits and circumscribes the
bounds of action of the judicial department
of the Government; and in proportion as it
trenches upon the powers of the two, it as-
sumes to extend beyond constitutional limits
the authority and power of the remaining or
legislative branch of the Government.
* In the first section of each of the several arti-
cles of the Constitution creating these depart-
ments of the Government it is provided that
the power in each direction shall rest in that
department. As for instance, the comprehen-
sive language of the Constitution in article
one, section one, is that—
"AH legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested 111 a Congress of the United States which shall
consist of a Senate ancl House of Representatives."
By what authority can wo pass an act to
change the legislative power and delegate it to
the judicial or to the executive department?
That language is no more clear and explicit
than is the language of article one, section
two, which prescribes the power of another
department of the Government:
" The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
And of article one. section three, which pre-
scribes and vests the judicial power in another,
by the following words of express grant:
" The judicial power of tho United States shall be
vested m ono Supreme Court and in sucli mfeiior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordam
and establish."
