1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it; bat that we ought not to pass a bill con-
taining a fundamental condition which must
look forward to the long future to protect the
rights of men without having some means of
enforcement of the condition, or in the absence
of the means of enforcement of it by penalty,
that we should have some means of making
the State of Arkansas feel that it must stand
up to its engagements, I trust that every Sen-
ator on this floor will agree with me.
There is another feature in the amendment
which J have offered that I think should become
a part of the condition, and that is, that the
third section of the first article of the constitu-
tion of Arkansas shall never be changed or
repealed. That section is in the declaration
of rights, and declares that—
" The equality of all persons before thelawis recog-
nized, and shall ever remain inviolate; nor shall any
citizen ever be deprived of any right, privilege, or
immunity, nor exempted from any burden or duty on
account of race, color, or previous condition."
The people of Arkansas have laid the found-
ations of their new government upon that cor-
ner-slone, and I hold that it is one which the
Congress of the United States should have so
,planted within the constitution of that State
that it can never be removed, that it should be
the sheet-anchor of the safety of all the colored
race in that State in all the future.
These, Mr. President, are the features of the
first section of the amendment. The second
section prescribes merely the manner in which
the assent of this State shall be brought to the
knowledge of Congress, by sending a copy of
the act of the Legislature assenting to this fund-
amental condition to the Presiding Officers of
.the two Houses of Congress; and then, when
the fundamental condition shall have been
agreed to and made known to Congress in that
way, the two Houses, by a concurrent resolu-
tion requiring no presidential sanction, shall
admit them to their scats in the two Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Missouri whether the only powers
that the Legislature have are not derived from
this very constitution now adopted by the State
of Arkansas?
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatbeingso, as of course
it is, what authority have the Legislature to
agree to any change or fundamental condition
touching that constitution ?
Mr. DRAKE. I do not propose, sir, in this
amendment that the Legislature of the State
of Arkansas shall assent to any change of the
constitution. The proposition is that certain
features of the constitution shall not be changed.
Mr. EDMUNDS, What is the difference?
Mr. DRAKE. A great deal of difference.
One is to sweep away and the other is to make
fast.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not the principle the
same?
Mr. DRAKE. I think not by any means.
Now, sir, if the question of the honorable
Senator from Vermont looks to the matter of
denying the capacity of Congress here in this
•manner to make any contract or agreement
with the State of Arkansas about this matter 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; not by any
means.
Mr.^ DRAKE. If it looks to denying the
capacity of Congress to make any agreement,
or any such agreement as is contemplated in
the original bill, and as is contemplated in my
amendment, then all I have to say is that if
.the two Houses of Congress should take that
viefr of it and refuse to impose this condition
I shall then insist upon it, so far as my action
is concerned, that the State of Arkansas shall
not be again admitted to representation in the
two Houses of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit
me to say, so that I may not be misunder-
stood, that I agree with him as to the propriety
.of imposing such conditions as we think are
.Wise, and I agree with him as to the power of
Congress to impose them. The only difficulty
I had was as to the question whether the assent
of the Legislature of Arkansas, being a-mere
creature of the constitution, would make it any
stronger. I do not know but that it would ;
and I rose for the purpose of getting inform-
ation about that point.
Mr. DRAKE. The constitution of Arkansas
says that the whole " legislative power in this
State shall be vested in a General Assembly."
I take it that there is nothing clearer in con-
stitutional law than that the Legislature of a
State, the body having the whole legislative
power of the State, has the right to bind the
State by compact or agreement.
Mr. EDMUNDS, in violation of its con-
stitution ?
Mr. DRAKE. Not in violation of its con-
stitution ; of course not; but in support of its
constitution; and that is exactly the thing that
I wish that Legislature to do now, to support
its constitution; not to violate it or take out
of it any of its provisions, but to declare that
those provisions there which protect the col-
ored man, which guarantee his civil and politi-
cal rights to him, shall remain inviolate; shall
not be open to repeal.
Mr. STEWART. I would like to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri if we have not a
precedent where a provision in a State consti-
tution was virtually abrogated by a compact
of this kind, in the case of his own State?
There, I believe Congress admitted the State
upon condition that a certain provision of its
constitution which provided that no persons
of color should come within the State, should
never be enforced, and the Legislature of Mis-
souri were required to pass an ordinance agree-
ing to that condition upon the admission of the
State, if I recollect aright.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; the Senator is cor-
rect ; arfd as the discussion seems to be drifting
in that direction, though I do not wish to pro-
long it, I will read the resolution for the admis-
sion of Missouri into the Union :
"lieiofaed by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That Missouri shall be admitted into this Union
on an equal footing with the original States in all re-
spects whatever, upon the fundamental condition
that the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section of
the third article of the constitution submitted on the
part of said State to Congress shall' never be con-
strued to authorize the passage of any law, and that
no law .shall bo passed in conformity thereto by which
any citizcn of either of the States in the Union shall
be excluded from the enjoyment of any of the privi-
leges and immunities to which such citizen is entitled
under the Constitution of the United, States: Pro-
vided, That the Legislature of the said State, by a
solemn publieact, shall declare the assent of thesaid
State to the said fundamental condition, and shall
transmit to the President of the United. States, on or
before tho fourth Monday in November next, an
authentic copy of the said act: upon the receipt
whereof the President, by proclamation, shall an-
nounce the fact; whereupon, and without any further
proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of
the said State into this Union shall be considered as
complete."
And now, Mr. President, that that matter is
up, I may as well refer to the act to enable the
people of Nevada to form a constitution and
State government, wherein it is provided :
"Whereupon the said convention shall be, and it
is hereby, authoriaed to form a constitution and
State governmentforsaidTerritory: Provided, That
the constitution, when formed, shall be republican,
and not repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States and the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence: And wrovided further, That said conven-
tion shall provide, by an ordinance irrevocable,
without the consent of the United States and the
people of said State: First. That there shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said
State, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.
Second. That perfect toleration .of religious senti-
ment shall be secured, and no inhabitant of said
State shall ever be molested in person or property
on account of his or her mode of religious worship."
Similar provisions were required to be incor-
porated in the constitution of Nebraska, and
after that constitution was adopted and pre-
sented here an act was passed admitting Ne-
braska upon condition that a certain matter
should be agreed to by the Legislature of that
State. Unfortunately I have not that act before
me at this moment; but. it is quite familiar
to all the Members of the Senate.
Then, sir, the requirement upon a State tO
agree, through its Legislature, to a fundamental
condition, and the recognition of the right of
the State, through its Legislature, to agree to
that fundamental condition, is a thing that has
been heretofore established by the practice of
the Government, and jt does not seem to me
now to be open to question.
As I said, Mr. President, I do not desire to
go into any extended debate upon this subject.
I have stated the points of objection to the
original bill, all of which I have endeavored to
obviate in the amendment which 1 propose,
and I will finally now call the attention ef the
Senate to one single view. That is, that if
there is any objection whatever made to the
right of Congress to impose a fundamental
condition upon this State in the form in which
I have stated it in my amendment, the objec-
tion lies equally well to the original bill. Tho
whole object of my amendment is to put that
in a firm and grappling and enduring condition,
which now seems to me in the original bill to
be at loose ends, without any sanction and
without any effective power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
understand that the Senator from ■ Missouri
[Mr. Drake] offers his amendment in any
hostile disposition toward this bill; but rather
that he is in favor of the recognition of the
State government in Arkansas which has re-
cently been organized. The effect of his amend-
ment, however, will only be delay: and, as I
think, it will accomplish no great good, and I
may say no good. This thing of imposing con-
ditions upon States which are to be admitted
into the Union when new States are formed out
of Territories, or imposing conditions upon
State governments which are now being organ-
ized in States where the old State governments
were overthrown and destroyed by the rebel lion,
is attended with great difficulties. The Senator
from Missouri supposes that he obviates these
difficulties by putting into his amendment a
sanction to the law which he proposes to enact
now on recognizing this State government in
Arkansas; but the Congress of the United
States would have as much power wiihout this
sanction as with it. it is impossible by any
act of Congress passed now to give to a Con-
gress which shall assemble hereafter any other
powers than it would have without it. And
this provision in the Senator's amendment,
"that any violation by said State of the terms
of this condition shall authorize the exclusion
of said State from representation in either House
of Congress so long as such violation con-
tinues," gives no additional power to a subse-
quent Congress. Any Congress would have
just as much power to deny representation to
any of these States without this enactment as
with it.
The Senator proposes to make valid and for-
ever binding this clause in the constitution of
Arkansas:
"The equality of all persons before the law i? rec-
ognized, and shall ever remain inviolate; nor shall
any citizen ever be deprived of any right, privilege,
or immunity, nor exempted from any burden or
duty on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition."
That is a clause in the constitution as made
in convention b> the people of Arkansas. It
is a clause in the constitution as ratified by a
popular vote of the people of that State, and
now the Senator from Missouri says, " 1 am
not satisfied with that,; I want the Legislature
to sanction if." Why, sir, the Legislature
which assembles under this constitution is
bound by that: it cannot, if it would, pass
any law in violation of it which would have the
least validity. It would be no sanction to ask
the Legislature to ratify it!
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator his opinion upon the compact
that was made between the United Suites and
Missouri as to one clause in the constitution
of Missouri providing that persons of color
should not enter the State. The resolution
road by the Senator from Missouri, by which
Missouri was admitted, provided that the State
should be admitted upon the express condition
