8626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
France pays millions a year in bounties to
her hardy fishermen. She pays nearly one
million yearly in fostering her fisheries in
American waters. Canada pays a bounty of
four dollars per ton to enable her fishermen
to compete with ours, and to train up her young
men for the sea, that she may build up and
improve her- merchant marine. We need no
bounty for our Alaska fisheries. Clear away
the difficulties, and in three years we can sup-
ply the markets of the world with fish. And
in addition to this and other advantages, some
of which I shall briefly notice, in five years
from the organization of government in Alaska
San Francisco will enter and clear more ton-
nage than New York does to-day. Rut we will
by no means rival New York, for her increase
will almost be in proportion to ours. The great
value of the furs of Alaska, as well as its
great abundance, is known to all the world,
and needs but a passing notice. _ It is admitted
by all that every animal wearing a fur coat
may be found in that country, some of them
in great abundance. With that country in our
hands, and under a proper government, we
may handle the fur trade with other countries
as we choose. Is it not something to be mas-
ters of this great branch ofcommeree? In the
partial and limited examinations made it has
been ascertained that Alaska has deposits of
coal, copper, and gold; also forests of the best
ship-building timber trees. And if we believe
the official reports wo have from there, and I
do, the climate of that country, particularly
ICodiak and Sitka, is not worse, but far better
than that portion of Canada lying north and
east of Quebec. That being true, it is safe to
say that all the hardier grain, such as winter
wheat and barley, may be grown in that coun-
try, in addition to the numerous hardy vege-
tables which we know grow and flourish there.
A country of such vast extent, with such a
variety of valuable productions, should be con-
sidered of inestimable value to any govern-
ment having the least hope of maritime great-
ness.
Sitka and Kodiak are at present the principal
ports of the territory. Sitka is a little nearer
to San Francisco by direct line, but not nearer,
I suppose, by the track of vessels. It is also
more difficult of access and has not so good a
harbor ; still the harbor is largo enough to
shelter and protect at anchor eight or ten of
the largest vessels. Kodiak is five hundred and
fifty miles from Sitka, but nearly in the same
latitude, being nearly west of that place. It is
possessed of a good harbor, easy of access,
dee]) water, the best of anchorage, and a con-
venient, wharf. Numerous cod-fish banks are
found near by; it is also most convenient to the
whale fisheries, and is the place from whence
San Francisco gets its supply of ice, instead of
Sitka, asgenerally supposed. Although further
north, it has a much better climate than Sitka,
cattle doing well upon the island without care
or attention, grass being in great abundance.
Salmon, halibut, and cod-fish are found in abun-
dance around the island. Upon the whole, with-
out going further into details, Kodiak should
be the capi'tal at present.
Unless we intend to have a rupture with
Eussia, and give up the purchase, we should
act speedily in this matter and provide a gov-
ernmen I for that country. The great interests
of our Pacific commerce require it. At present
there are no custom-houses in the territory,
the Treasury Department having an agent at
Sitka alone. Vessels clearing at San Francisco
for Kodiak are compelled to travel one thou-
sand miles out of their way to report to that
agent before going to the place of their desti-
nation. There is now nothing to prevent Eng-
lish enterprise, or any other, from sailing up
the Strikeen river and bartering whisky and
fire-arms with the Indians for their valuable
furs, which should be poured out through the
regular channels of commerce to enrich our
country. There is not a light-house on the
coast to protect our already important shipping
interests there; and without government there
is 110 protection to those that are now settled
in the country; besides, the want fff govern-
ment prevents thousands from going there to
settle.
Gentlemen are alarmed when they come to
consider the expense of an organized govern-
ment in Alaska, but they should not be. No
military force will be needed, none whatever.
Two revenue cutters is all that would ever be
needed to keep order in that country. Owing
to the peculiar topographical features of the
coast, two or three light-bouses only would
have to be erected. There should at least be
two custom-houses, one at Kodiak and one at
Sitka. The civil government may be a very
cheap one until tke country begins to show its
importance. A Governor and an Indian agent,
who shall be ex officio secretary of the Terri-
tory; a surveyor general, and a register and
receiver; one judge, who shall sit with jus-
tices of the peace, and we have a complete
system and at little cost. It is objected that
the treaty-making power does not go to the
extent of obliging us to make the necessary
appropriation to carry out this treaty. 1 think
it does. If the question of the purchase of
territory was now up for the first time I should
say that the Constitution did not justify it. But
it is not a new question. It was decided the
other way early in the history of our Govern-
ment in the matter of the Louisiana purchase,
and is not now an open question.
The President, with the advice and consent
of the Senate, may make treaties of purchase,
and in this purchase they have not exceeded
their constitutional powers. Now, I under-
stand it to be our sworn duty to make appro-
priations to carry on the Federal Government
because that Government is the object of the
Constitution which we are bound to carry out
if we can. If this be correct, and T think it
will not be denied, then if this purchase is jus-
tified by the Constitution it is our sworn duty
to carry the provisions of the Constitution to
that country for the protection of the people,
who have a right to the protection of its provis-
ions. How may this be done? In one way
only; that is, by making needful rules and
regulations (laws) for the government of that
territory under the Constitution. And more,
if the reasoning be correct we cannot escape
the duty of making this appropriation. Like
all other debts constitutionally contracted by
the Government, its force oil us is a part of the
force of the Constitution itself.
I do not desire to argue the question as to
whether we must make this appropriation ; the
national importance of this purchase is so
manifestly great that we should first consider
its advantages to the Republic, and we will
never have to go further. By this purchase
our sea-board on the Pacific is made greater
than on the Atlantic, and is extended close up
to the borders of Asia. The Pacific sea-board,
although so extensive, has a much less num-
ber of Harbors than the Atlantic, being mostly
rock-bound, but in nowise dangerous to navi-
gation, and may be protected easier than any
similar extent of sea-coast in the world. Pay
this money, give us a territorial government,
and it will be the opening of a new field of en-
terprise to our merchant marine, in its vast
fisheries and fur trade tratlics, which will ne-
cessarily bind us more closely with our China
and Japan trade, and tend to consolidate in
the hands of our merchants and in our com-
merce the greater portion of the mercantile
traffic of that section of Asia and its island de-
pendencies. The great national advantages in
giving to the United States the jurisdictional
preponderance on an ocean destinedto become
the great maritime highway of the future, open-
ing to our merchants a certain road to the at-
tain merit of the largest proportion of the world's
traffic, and placing within our grasp the proud
distinction of being the greatest commercial
government of the globe, peacefully taking
and wearingthe palm so long held by Fmgland
through toil, bloodshed, and theexpenditure of
countless millions of treasure, is such a victory
of peace and statesmanship that we should not
hesitate one moment. While I admit the in-
calculable advantages to accrue to the Pacific
States from this purchase, I still insist that the
benefits will not be local, but extend to the
whole Union, creating an incentive, in solid^
profits, to the marine of the whole country,
until darkness shall no longer dwell upon the
face of the waters anywhere that an American
vessel can float.
It is not a measure for the present alone, but
has much to do with the future permanence of
our republican Union, and, in apolitical sense,
should be viewed with deepest interest. It
removes a foreign flag from the shores of
America, and confines to narrower limits one
of the great Powers of the earth. It extends
our territorial jurisdiction, and greatly lessens
the probability of a consolidation of empire
and an overthrow of our Republican institu-
tions, a calamity greater than all other evils
that might befall us as a people. As a Repre-
sentative from California I may be pardoned
for a particular notice of the advantages to
accrue to that State by this acquisition. _ Cali-
fornia is a young State, but is mature in all
that constitutes the elements of a rising and
prosperous Commonwealth. Minerva-like, she
sprung out fully developed from the fertile
brains of her own statesmen. As a commer-
cial, agricultural, mechanical, and wealth-
producing State, despite disasters from floods
and fires, she has attained a greatness which
makes the records of her prosperity appear
almost fabulous. Experience has developed
her channels of prosperity, and she stands to-
day the most notable example in the world of
the energy, enterprise, and industry of a people.
Scarce nineteen years ago her hills and plains
were settled by the best young bloods of our
country, when she commenced an existence
with all the elements to make her an excelsior
State.
With her first life she was possessed of all
the advantages of the improvements of the age,
and did not have to grow into their use by
overcoming the prejudices of the past. Y\ e
are of the present time, and availing ourselves
of the advantages of the day, and as each
progressive benefit for the community is de-
veloped, we have incorporated-it with our
daily life, thus lending vitality ever to our
young blood and venturesome spirits. Too much
honor can never be done the young men of
California. Among us are settled young men
from every country in Europe. With the lib-
eral spirit of the age and our own institutions
we have adopted all that is good to the com-
munity from each. Such valuable traits, meth-
ods, and means of future benefit as was con-
sonant with our institutions we have wove
into the fabric of our social as well as business
life, and have thus become more liberal and
expansive in our views, more progressive in
our exertions. We differ essentially in our
manners and customs from other communities
which are trammeled by old-fashioned rou-
tine and by old traditions, and woise. by old
prejudices. We are daring and venturesome.
Old fogies would call us daring, extravagant,
and, perhaps, reckless, but our course is con-
trolled by rules of progress and commerce
which accord with the spirit of the age, and so
wemakeourpathsofindustryljroader, brighter,
and more inviting than can be found else-
where. The wants of the community and the
natural impulse of enlarging the sphere of
commercial interests—an interest which binds
together the States of this Union—rationalizes
our progress.
We need no better example to illustrate this
than the recent change into our hands of the
trade of China via California, which will event-
ually make San Francisco the center of the
commercial world, aud place in the lap of her
queenly and capacious robes the wealth of
Asia, however this maybe to the disadvantage
of England. This is one of the revolutions
resulting from our progress; and does it not
reflect equal credit on the commercial enter-
prise of the great marts of the Atlantic whose
interests are so closely interwoven with our
own as to be almost identical. Any benefit
