2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May *27;,
that the Legislature should pass a resolution
declaring that that provision of' the constitu-
tion should be in effect a nullity. .That was
to put out of the constitution a provision that
was in. I should like to inquire of the Senator
whether he regards that compact as binding?
Mr, TRUMBULL. Mr. President, as 1 said,
this thing of imposing conditions upon States
is attended with a great deal of difficulty, and
has never had a practical demonstration as to
how it is to operate. If the Senator from Ne-
vada wishes my opiuion, it is that that clause
in, the constitution of Missouri was utterly
void under the Constitution of the United
States, which gives to every citizen of every
State the rights aod immunities belonging to
citizens in each State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But Groves vs. Slaughter,
the Mississippi case, decided that each State
had a right to exclude a particular class of
individuals. The Supreme Court is against
you on that point.
Mr. TRXJMBULL. I do not understand
the case , to which the Senator from Vermont
refers; I am not aware that the Supreme Court
of the United States lias ever decided that a
State has a right to exclude citizens of another
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The case that I allude to
is the Mississippi case, where they said that
the Legislature of a State, by its laws, had a
right to exclude such class of persons as it
thought tho immigration of would be injurious
to its policy, and, therefore, that the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi had a right to exclude the
introduction of persons who were held to ser-
vitude in another State. It did not turn there
upon the question of citizenship, it is true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not turn upon
the question of citizenship, but it turned rather
upon the question of a State's right to regu-
late its own affairs. I suppose it has that
power to keep out paupers or convicts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not turn upon the
question of citizenship. You may deprive a
citizen of his liberty for crime. The decision
there—although i am not familiar with it—I
apprehend, did not turn at all on the questiou
of the rights of citizens.
Mr. CONNIiSS. My impression of the de-
cision is that it held that the State was to be
the judge of who should live within its limits
and who were dangerous to the peace of its
society ; that under the police power, of which
it made the State the judge, citizens might be
excluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we have a clause
now which is much larger in its operation than
the clause in the original constitution, and the
Senator from Missouri will see that it is a per
feet answer to one of his suggestions. He
suggested that the question might hereafter
arise whether colored people were citizens in
Arkansas. That question is settled by tho
fourteenth amendment. We are only-recog-
nising the.se State governments on condition
of the fourteenth amendment being ratified ;
and, whether it is already ratified or not, prac-
tically the Senator from Missouri knows, as
all do, that it will shortly be ratified by the
requisite number of States. Some think it is
already ratified, and 1 am not prepared to say
that they are not correct in that opinion ; but,
whether so or not, we are only recognizing
these State governments in the rebel States
now on the express condition of their giving
their sanction to the fourteenth amendment.
The fourteenth amendment contains this clause,
which forever settles the question of citizen-
ship throughout the United States:
" All persons bom or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens ot the United States and of the States wherein
they reside."
That settles that question.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest one point to him there not covered
by his remark? The constitution of Arkansas
extends the right of suffrage to aliens who have
declared their intention to become citizens of
the United States, and as the bill stands bow
it gives them no protection while my amend-
ment does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will reply to that by
asking the Senator from Missouri if he really
wants to put as a fundamental condition in the
constitution of the State of Aikausas, which
can never be changed, that aliens on a six
months' residence shall vote? I hope they
will change it. 1 do not believe it is a wise
provision to put in the constitution. I think
that citizenship should be required as a requi-
site to the right of suffrage. The right of suf-
frage is a great right. I am not prepared to
say that it was not a wise policy in the early
settlement of the Territories, and perhaps in
some of the new States, to allow persons to
vote who had declared their intention to be-
come citizens. That was formerly a provision
of the constitution of my own State; but
twenty years ago the people of Illinois held a
convention and remodeled their constitution,
and they changed this feature from a six
months' residence of a foreigner to citizenship.
Now, no one votes in the State of Illinois who
is not a citizen of the United States. And, if
for no other reason, I should be opposed to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
for the very reason that it imposes a condition
upon the people of Arkansas which will for-
ever compel them to allow a foreigner on a
six months' residence to vote. I should not
want to impose such a condition.
Now, sir, as to these fundamental conditions
as they are called, I shall express no decided
opinion in regard to them one way or the other.
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
When the time comes that any of the States
of this Union so change their constitutions as
to set up something different from a republican
government, the Government of the United
States may interfere ; but the State of Arkan-
sas, when admitted to representation here, will
be admitted to representation on the same
terms and conditions that the State of Illinois
was admitted to representation; on the same
terms and conditions as tho State of Missouri
and all the other States of this Union. These
States, all of them, under the Constitution, regu-
late suffrage for themselves. We can provide,
and we have wisely provided, in my judgment,
in the reorganization of State governments in
the recently rebellious region, that all the male
citizens of those States twenty-one years of age
should participate. We had the right to do
that, and we have a right to refuse to recognize
these Stale governments until they come here
with constitutions acceptable to Congress. I
agree to that; and if this constitution is not
acceptable in the shape they have presented it
here, there is no obligation on us to recognize
this State government. If it were a Territory;
if the Territory of Colorado or Utah or any
of the other Territories comes and asks for
admission into the Union as a State on equal
terms with the original States, it is for Con-
gress in its discretion to admit them or not.
The language of the Constitution is that Con-
gress may admit new States into the Union.
Congress is not bound to do it; but when they
are admitted, then they assume the position of
States on an equal footing with the other States;
and I think very little is to be gained by insert-
ing these clauses which we have inserted of
late years in the various laws admitting new
States.
I am not prepared to say what steps should be
taken in casetheState ofNebraskashould here-
after change its constitution, and in that change
adopt a different rule in regard to suffrage from
that which was recognized at the time the State
was admitted. Perhaps we could find some
way to compel the State of Nebraska to allow
the same persons to vote that it agreed it
would allow to vote when it was admitted into
the Union; but we should have to find that
way out then ; we cannot provide for it now.
If I were to consult my own views entirely,
Mr. President, I should be willing to recognize
the government whieh has been setup in Ark-
ansas, or the constitution as they have framed
it. They have provided in that constitution
for equal suffrage to all the inhabitants of the
State, without reference to color or class,' or
anything of the kind. I am satisfied with that
provision. It will require a change of their
constitution to alter it, and I do not think any
law we may now pass will be likely to prevent
the people of Arkansas from changing their
constitution. What will prevent it? What is
the safety against a change of' the constitution
in Arkansas and the subjection of the colored
people of that State to slavery again? What
is the real protection? The real protection is
to be found in the freedom we have given them,
and the ballot we have given them in the
organization of the State government. They
have got it now, and they will not give it up.
They will protect themselves. There is where
the real protection is to be found. We have
struck the shackles from all these slaves ; we
have made them freemen; we have armed them
with the ballot. They have gone to the polls;
tlicy have helped to frame the constitution;
they have ratified it when framed.
They constitute a large portion of the popu-
lation in all these States. And, sir, their real
protection is in their own hands and in these
constitutional amendments which have been
adopted that protect them in their freedom,
protect thom in their citizenship ; and Con-
gress will have such power as under the Con-
stitution belongs to it, whether you undertake
to reserve it in this act of admission or not.
1 am aware that the bill as it came from the
House contains the principle of declaring a
fundamental condition, and I'«m not objecting
to it. I do not mean to be understood in the
Senate as objecting to it, because I expect to
vote for the bill. I merely say that I have very
little faith in these provisions. 1 am willing,
however, to let the provision remain in the bill,
and let us have such benefit as can be derived
from it. But I do not think we are to gain a
sufficient advantage to justify us in sending the
bill back to the House of Representatives in
order to get the Legislature of Arkansas to
ratify what the Constitution has already pro-
vided and the people have already adopted!
The bill, as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, provides "that the constitution
of Arkansas shall never be so amended or
changed as to deprive any citizen or class of
citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are entitled to vote by the constitu-
tion'' which has been framed. We declare
that in the law.
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose they change it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Supposethey do change
it, what then? The Senator from Missouri
says, " Let us get the Legislature to agree that
they will not change it: that it shall be a funda-
mental condition." Suppose the Legislature
does change it, or that the people change it
hereafter, notwithstanding the declaration of
the Legislature, what are you going to do about
it? The Senator from Missouri says. " I will
put it in the bill that Congress shall have the
power to deny them representation." Would
Congress not have the power without your
putting it in the bill?
Mr. DRAKE. That is not certain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If th ey ha\ e it by your
putting it in the bill they would have it with-
out. Really, then, I do not see that we are
to gain anything particularly by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri. 1 have
no very special objection to it. The Senator
from Missouri will not understand me as sup-
j posing that it presents any insurmountable
objection to my mind: but the value of it does
not strike me as so great as to justify us in
delaying the bill to incorporate it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I should
like to inquire what is to be the practical ad-
vantage to result from the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri. He seeks to impose a
fundamental condition upon the people of Ark-
ansas, that they shall never amend their con-
stitution in regard to suffrage so as to take it
away from any class of persons who have it
by the constitution as now framed. This is
