78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
[January 16,
Ho.-of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Burr
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Bat what does this bill propose? It pro-
poses to nullify that section of the Constitution
which places in the hands of.the President of
the United States the executive power of the
nation. It proposes, in indirect terms, but
in fact, to repeal that clause which says that
he shall be Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy. And how do gentlemen attempt to
answer that statement ? The best argument I
have ever heard came from the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stjevess,]
who admitted with all candor—and I admire his
candor—that in these reconstruction acts he did
not consider himself limited or bound in his
action hy the Constitution, but that he was
legislating outside of it.
But other gentlemen, his associates, see fit
not to make that candid admission, but claim
under various clauses of the Constitution some
degree of authority for the measure which is
now under consideration. And what is the
first? I will refer to them briefly and give my
views on the subject. If I am correct in the
views which I entertain of the Constitution it
falls far short of giving any such power.
Among the powers that are delegated to the
Congress of the United States is the power to
make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the forego-
ing powers, namely, the powers relating to
coining money, organizing and providing for
the Army and Navy, the militia, the establish-
ment of uniform rules of naturalization, and
various subjects enumerated; but last of all it
says, "and all other powers vested by this
Constitution in the Government of the United
States and in any department or officer thereof.''
Now, what power is vested by the Constitu-
tion in any department of the Government so
far as the command of the Army is concerned?
Where by this instrument does that power
rest? The instrument expressly says that the
President of the United States shall be, not
a commander, but the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States.
But gentlemen say they have a right by legis-
lation to provide for carrying into execution
these powers. True, but are they attempting
in this bill to carry into execution tli^t power
which is granted to the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief? Not at all, but they are
limiting that power. A distinction might be
drawn here between the right of carrying into
execution a given power and the right to de-
stroy, paralyze or limit that power as vested
by the Constitution. But as that clause has
been sufficiently commented upon by my learned
and eloquent friend from Indiana [Mr. ICerr]
this afternoon, I propose to refer very briefly,
to another.
The Constitution in another place, in this
same enumeration of the powers of Congress,
says that the Congress shall have power to make
rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces. Under that clause gen-
tlemen claim the right to prescribe that a par-
ticular individual may be vested with the power
which is vested m the President by the Consti-
tution to issue orders to the Army and Navy.
They urge that by this contemplated action the
President will not be at air relieved from his
obligation to "take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed," and to "preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of the United States;
and it is claimed that because he is not in
express terms relieved of that responsibility his
power is not abrogated by this act.
But, sir, suppose, as stated by my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.,]thatthePresident by con-
stitutional authority issues orders for a colonel
with his regiment to report for service at a
given point, and the Commanding General
under this proposed act issues contravening
orders requiring the same officers and force to
enter another and different field of service;
shall the orders of the President or General be
obeyed? If of the President, does not Con-
gress yield its authority? If of the General, is
not the act so requiring in direct violation of
the Constitution, and under the executive re-
sponsibility, which gentlemen say is not re-
moved, will not the President insist on obedi-
ence to his orders issued in conformity to
constitutional power and obligation combined?
and cannot gentlemen see in this conflict of
authority the possibility of a collision endan-
gering our form of government in all its points?
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the exact author-
ity embraced in the clause giving Congress
right to establish rules? We can find an inter-
pretation of the extent of this right by com-
paring this clause with another 011 the subject
of rules, and when the same terms are em-
ployed in a given instrument, the most clearly
defined one that you can find furnishes the
standard by which to interpret the same term
in another part of the same instrument. In
another clause it is said:
" Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings."
That is a power unquestioned anywhere.
What are the rules of its proceedings ? The
right to prescribe the hour of its adjournment;
the right to put in motion such legislative
machinery as may he necessary to carry 011
the business of Congress under the Constitu-
tion and in conformity with its provisions, but
never in derogation thereof. Does any gen-
tleman claim that under that right to prescribe
rules for its government, this House can legis-
late to the effect that this act, when passed by
a bare majority and shall have the force and
effect of a statute-at-large without the execu-
tive sanction olr being passed over a veto? That
is not the extent of the rule, for the reason
that it would conflict with other provisions of
the same Constitution which confer the right
to make rales. The rule must be in conformity
with and not in conflict with the Constitution,
which authorizes the promulgation of rules.
And so in this case. '' The Congress shall have
power to establish rules for the government of
the Army and Navy." Does that imply that
Congress shall have power to divest the Presi-
dent of the United States, a coordinate branch
of the Government, of his well-defined power
under the Constitution to command the Army
and Navy of the Union ? If it would authorize
the one it would sanction the other.
But, sir, these powers were distributed by
our fathers in different departments of the
Government for a wise purpose; and I know
of no clearer indorsement of the wisdom of
our fathers in that respect than to quote from
an article which a few years ago was under-
stood by our friends, who constitute the ma-
jority upon this floor, to bo the law and the
gospel of the Republican party. I adopt the
sentiment which i shall quote as being correct
political doctrine to-day. I read from one of
the planks of the Republican platform of 1SG4:
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the States, ft ml especially the risrht of each State to
order and control its own domestic institutions ac-
cording to its own judgment exclusively, is essential
to that balance of power"—
that is why the powers of the Government
were vested in different depaitments, to con-
stitute a balance of powers, one cheeking the
other, and each holding all in such well-bal-
anced regulation as to secure the liberties of
the people—
"is essential to that balance of power on which the
perfection and endurance of our political fabric de-
pends."
According to that something is to be accom-
plished. What is it? The "perfection and
endurance of our political fabric." And how
is it to be secured? By preserving that bal-
ance of power upon which it depends. How
is that balance of power to be maintained ? By
securing to each State "the right to order and
regulate its own domestic affairs in its own
way." That is the way to maintain the bal-
ance of power, and that power, except so far
as reserved to the States respectively or to the
people, is vested in three, not one department
of our Government.
That balance of power is essential to the pres-
ervation and perpetuity of the Union, and that
perpetuity of the Union is necessary as a safe-
guard to the rights and privileges of every cit-
izen in the Union.
But further, let me instance some cases which
I think would be parallel with this, so far as
the exercise of power by the three departments
of the Government are concerned. Let me ask
whether, in the view of any member here, the
President could command or order the Supreme
Court to enter a given decree—whether lie could
dictatea judgmentto that court? Certainly not.
Could he appropriate money or establish a rule
of naturalization ? No. Why? Because the
right to do the one is vested in the legislative
branch, the right to do the other is confined to
the judicial department, and in either case he
would be trenching upon the powers of another
department of the Government. When, then,
either of the other branches of the Govern-
ment proposes to interfere with his constitu-
tional power may we not well apprehend that
we shall have a conflict among the departments
of the Government or, if not a conflict, that
the public mind, when the Constitution is thus
openly disregarded and the rights and privi-
leges of one department are usurped by another,
will become so far demoralized as to lose all
respect for that instrument which its public
servants from day to day disregard and trample
under foot?
Again, sir, could the judiciary establish post
offices or appropriate money ? Whenever the
judicial department should assume so to do it
would be trenching upon the functions of an-
other department. Could it appoint an officer
or prescribe rules for the government of the
Army? Certainly not; because it would then
invade the province of other branches of the
Government.
But, sir, the attempt is made by gentlemen
here to justify this exercise of power upon the
ground that it is the duty of Congress by the
Constitution to "guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government."
On this point 1 wish to ask a question—old,
oft-repeated, but never yet answered. Is Vir-
ginia a State to-day? if it is a State for one
purpose it must be a State for all purposes.
If not a State for every purpose it is not a
State for any purpose. If it is not a State
then your legislation is not sanctioned by this
clause, because your only authority is to guar-
anty to a State a republican form of govern-
ment. What is a State as contemplated by
this clause ? It is a municipal organization in
possession of an executive and in possession
of a legislative branch ; for the very same clause
of the Constitution provides the mode of ap-
pealing to the General Government for the
exercise of this power to guaranty. It pro-
vides that the appeal shall be made by the
Legislature if it shall be in session, or by the
executive if the Legislature be not in session.
Has Virginia, by the recognition of this Con-
gress, an executive and legislative branch ? If
so, and those brandies of the Stale govern-
ment are in successful operation, why do jou
term that State a military district and pre-
scribe that a military officer shall exercise
supreme authority, executive, judicial, as well
as every kind of power that exists in any branch
ot the Government?
But sir, admit for one moment that there is
authority for the exercise of such power, and
that circumstances call upon Congress to do it,
let me ask this question : Does this bill guar-
anty to Virginia a republican form of govern-
ment ? Is it a republican form of government
when one man dictates the orders of the courts;
when one man removes at his sovereign, un-
questioned will and pleasure all civil officers
from Governor down ; when one man, ranking
simply as a colonel, overrides all legislative
acts and controls all departments of the Gov-
