194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
December 13,
ness of the Federal courts. Our new and
exceedingly complicated system of internal
revenue, and our still more recent but not less
complicated and expensive system of bank-
ruptcy, have increased many times the busi-
ness of the Federal courts. All the vast inter-
ests arising out of those systems, affecting more
or less directly and materially nearly every
citizen of the Republic, are committed to the
exclusive control and adjudication of the Fed-
eral courts. Then the powers and duties of
those courts are still further enlarged by the
numerous acts of indemnity enacted by Con-
gress to protect certain classes of persons from
punishment for certain offenses and wrongs
committed during the war under color of au-
thority. This class of cases usually gets into
the Federal courts from the State courts by
transfer upon petition, or writ of error'or man-
date. Every member of this House, whether
he be a lawyer or not, will at once appreciate
the vast extent of the increase of the business
of those courts by reason of the legislation to
which I refer. It has been so great as to effect
quite a revolution in the character of the liti-
gation which is adjudicated by those courts.
These changes demand at the hands of Con-
gress a most careful revision of our Federal
judicial system. They impose a necessity for
an increase in the number of judges and courts
in some States, and for an increase in the
number of courts alone in others, with a view
especially to the more convenient territorial
arrangement of the courts for the accommoda-
tion of the people and the cheapening of jus-
tice. In order, for example, that the bankrupt
law shall become practically available and use-
ful to the debtors or creditors of the country,
it is necessary that its already too expensive
machinery shall be brought nearer home to
the people. It is at best one of the most com-
plicated and expensive laws for the regulation
of the important interests of debtors and cred-
itors ever known to the history of our legisla-
tion. As is often the case, and many times
without any fault in the law, this system is so
expensive as that its provisions for the relief
of debtors are often absolutely beyond the
reach of poor and honest bankrupts, who have
already surrendered all their estates to their
creditors, and thus a most unjust discrimina-
tion is made in favor of the dishonest debtor,
who.may have withheld from them enough of
his means to pay for obtaining his final dis-
cbarge from the payment of any of his debts.
These difficulties can be very greatly reduced
by a judicious increase of the courts and the
terms of the courts in which such matters can
be adjudicated.
There is another source from which has very
recently arisen a very important increase in the
business and exclusive jurisdiction of the Fed-
eral courts. It is not the result of any late
congressional legislation, but may, perhaps, be
justly considered as in part, at least, attribut-
able to a kind of judicial legislation by the
Supreme Court. But it i3 no part of my pres-
ent purpose to criticise or consider the pro-
priety or legality of that jurisdiction. It is
declared by the highest judicial tribunal in the
land to exist, and I therefore concede it. The
fact that it does exist is that to which I invite
the attention of the House, because it vitally
affects in an exceedingly important and some-
what local sense the great interests of com-
i.iurce as carried on by the aid of the import-
ant natnal highways of the West. It affects
tome of the most important interests of my
own immediate section and constituents. The
entire southern border of Indiana is washed
by the Ohio river. Upon its banks are several
of the most enterprising and prosperous cities
in the State. Two of these are in the district
I have the honor to represent, one just above
and the other below the falls of the Ohio. The
material interests and commerce of the people
of southern Indiana, and especially from the
falls of the Ohio westward and southward, are
very largely connected with that river. Our
mechanics, who are equal in intelligence, enter-
' prise, and skill to any in the country, are
largely engaged in the construction of steam- |
boats and water-craft of all kinds, including I
the floating palaces that traverse the waters of
all the navigable rivers of the West and South.
Other and not less meritorious classes are en-
gaged in the practical management of all such
vessels as common carriers of persons and
property, contributing very greatly by their capi-
tal, enterprise, and intelligence to develop the
material resources, enlarge the commerce, and
hasten the general progress of the country.
Out of the extensive and diversified business
thus more or less directly connected with the
Ohio river innumerable and important con-
tracts and controversies arise, many of which
become the subjects of litigation. Heretofore
nearly all such litigation has found convenient
tribunals and speedy settlement in the courts
of the States. But now all such contracts and
controversies as are proper matters of admi-
ralty jurisdiction under late decisions of the
Supreme Court can only be litigated in the
Federal courts. Jurisdiction over them is de-
nied to the State courts and held to be abso-
lutely exclusive in the District courts of the
United States. Thus great numbers of suitors
are driven from the local courts to seek reme-
dies in remote Federal courts, or to give up ail
remedy and suffer injustice. The Constitution
declares—
"The judicial power shall extend" *
" to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction."
The judiciary act of 1789 declares that—
"The district courts shall have, exclusively of the
courts of the several States," * 4 * "coa-
nizance of all civil causes of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction."
It will not be inappropriate here to inquire
briefly what is meant by the expression, " ad-
miralty and maritime jurisdiction/' In its
most general sense it refers to that kind of
jurisdiction which at the common law was
exercised by certain courts over torts, contracts,
and offenses which arose or were committed
upon the high seas within the ebb and flow of
the tides and outside the body of any county.
It embraced the torts, contracts, and crimes
which are necessarily connected with and arise
out of that kind of business and com merce which
is transacted upon the water and lacks the ele-
ment of exclusive locality upon land, and there-
fore, by reason of their very nature, could not
be assigned for adjudication to the courts within
any prescribed territorial limits. Hence, fol*
lowing the analogies of the common law the
framers of our Constitution considered it
proper to commit the regulation of this kind
of jurisdiction to Congress. It was no doubt
intended thereby merely to confer upon Con-
gress the power to regulate and protect those
j interests of the citizens of the country gener-
allly which are in their origin external, and
therefore not susceptible of local regulation
and control by the States.
In the spirit of these views the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the cases decided
by it prior to 1851, held that it had no jurisdic-
tion over cases of the kind mentioned if they
arose above the ebb and flow of the tides.
These decisions, therefore, left to the exclusive
control and regulation of the States the vast
interests of their citizens in connection with
| the very extensive commerce carried on upon
■ the inland waters of the country. There soon
grew up in all the States whose citizens were to
any extent engaged in such commerce, and
particularly in all the States of the West and
South extensive and well adapted systems of
law and practice for the protection of the inter-
ests and adjudication of the rights of their citi-
zens arising out of that commerce. The ex-
tent of these interests and of the controversies
and litigation arising out of them can only be
fully realized by a careful contemplation of the
vast increase of inland navigation resulting from
the use of steamboats and the rapid develop-
I ment of wealth on the borders of the rivers.
But in 1851, in the case of the Genesee
Chief, (12 Howard R., 457,) all of the previous
j decisions limiting the admiralty jurisdiction of
I the Federal courts to tide-water were overruled
by the same court, and the broad doctrine
declared that that jurisdiction extends where
ever ships float and navigation successfully aids
commerce, whether internal or external. That
case arose out of a collision between two ves-
sels on Lake Ontario. Its doctrine has been
many times affirmed by the same court in sub-
sequent cases. In some cases this jurisdiction
has been exercised by Federal courts in the
avowed execution of State statutes, and not
under any claim of a general common law
Dower in these courts to such a jurisdiction.
It was not, however, in any of the cases
prior to 1866, decided by the Supreme Court
that the jurisdiction of the district courts in
admiralty and maritime cases arising on our
inland rivers was exclusive of the jurisdiction
hitherto constantly claimed and exercised by
the State courts. On the contrary, it was either
not denied or it was in terms conceded, that the
jurisdiction of the State courts over all such
cases was concurrent with that of the district
courts of the United States. The State courts
along our western rivers-have, therefore, con-
tinued to exercise uninterrupted, if not unques-
tioned, jurisdiction in such matters. Being
always conveniently accessible to suitors en-
gaged in such commerce, they have afforded
more prompt and satisfactory remedies than
more remote Federal courts could do. I can-
not persuade myself that the denial of their
jurisdiction is not a great public misfortune to
the people of the country, whether that denial
be legal or illegal. Their jurisdiction has been
acquiesced in and approved for more than half
a century, and the beneficent results of its
exercise greatly promoted the prosperity and
happiness of the people.
But it is now denied and declared never to
have had any legal existence. By a sweeping
edict of superior judicial power and construc-
tion it is absolutely annulled and destroyed.
In the cases of the Moses Taylor, from Cali-
fornia, and The Hine vs. Trevor, from Iowa,
the Supreme Court of the United States, in
December, 1860, decided that—
"1. The admiralty jurisdiction, to which the power
of the Federal judiciary is, by the Constitution, de-
clared to extend, is not limited to tide-water, but
covers the entire navigable waters of the United States.
" 2. The original jurisdiction in admiralty exercised
by the district courts, by virtue of the act of 1789, is
exclusive not only of other Federal courts, but of the
State courts also.
"3. And that, therefore, State statutes, relating to
western inland rivers, which attempt to confer upon
State courts a remedy for marine torts and marine
contracts, by proceedings strictly in rem. are void,
because they are in conflict with that act of Con-
gress.—1 Wallace Reports, pp. 411, 555.
Mr. Chairman, it will be readily seen and
fully appreciated by the House to what a radi-
cal extent the jurisdiction of the State courts
has been divested and that of the Federal
courts extended and enlarged by the course of
decisions to which I have referred. It will also
be seen how important it is to the interests of
the people that Congress shall give thought to
the duties imposed upon it by these great
changes. The immediate increase of the Fed-
eral courts in the vicinity of the great water
highways of the West is demanded, if not made
imperative by them in order to accommodate
the new jurisdiction and business of those
courts, most of which will arise out of the com-
merce on those highways. That business will
always be essentially local in its origin, and it
will be imposing onerous and unjust hardships
upon the classes interested in it to require them
to seek their remedies in remote courts, hold-
ing their sessions at points in the States distant
from the great water-courses.
It is important in another view that these
courts shall be speedily increased. The
inevitable effect of the decisions cited by me
is to open a wide field for judicial disagree-
ments and conflicting constructions between
the Federal and the State courts as to what
particular cases and classes of cases belong to
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and must
therefore be tried in the Federal courts. It is
safe to assume that fifty years of judicial decis-
ion and interpretation will not suffice_to_fully
define the boundaries between the two jurisdic-
