1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
1579
what are called interlocutory questions, for
counsel to know in beginning an argument
whether he will require more than the allotted
time or not; and if, as I suppose will be the
consequence of the rule if amended as pro-
posed, it is to take away from the court the
authority to extend the time, although the court
shall be of opinion that the time ought to be
extended it might lead to very great injustice.
1 understand that if the amendment is adopted,
then, no matter what the court may think as to
the propriety of enforcing the limitation upon
counsel, they cannot correct the mischiel by
extending the time, the party having failed to
ask for an extension in advance. In the Su-
preme Court of the United States there is a
rule, and in the other courts in which I have
practiced—the State courts, 1 mean—which re-
quires the counsel to conclude his argument at
a specified time, unless the court granta further
time in advance; but in no instance have I
ever known them to fail to allow a further ex-
tension of time when they themselves, from the
course of the argument, became satisfied that it
was right and proper that the argument should
be continued beyond the time. If the rule is
adopted, and should bear the construction which
I suppose it will bear, it will take from the
majority of the Senate the authority to have
the discussion continued, although they might
think it was all-important to a correct judg-
ment of the question that the argument should
be completed. Under that impression I shall
vote against the amendment.
Mr. HOWJi. I never knew a rule in any
court limiting the time for an argument to be
made, but providing for extending the time
where it did not require the application to be
made prior to the commencement of the argu-
ment. I think it quite as essential that the
application should be made prior to the com-
mencement of the argument; indeed, more
essential, if the counsel are to be limited to an
hour under the rule, than if they had a range
of two hours, for the simple reason that if the
argument can have no other duration than that
it is essential to counsel to know beforehand
that that is to be the duration of it. Thou they
shape the line of their argument with reference
to that fact. But if they commence the argu-
ment with the idea that it is unlimited, or that
if they expend the hour without covering the
points in the argument, they may then be at
liberty to apply for an extension of it, they
are very apt to let the hour slip away without
addressing themselves, perhaps, even to the
most important points in the argument. I
think their arguments will be more compact
and more satisfactory to themselves if they
know when they commence how long a time they
are to occupy. I think counsel always know
as well before they commence as atter they
have commenced what length of time will be
essential to theu>. They know about the line
of argument they are to pursue. They have
full impressions as to the nature of the ques-
tion and the nature of the argument that is
calculated to meet it; and the court, even be-
fore the argument has commenced, has a very
delinite idea of how much time will be neces-
sary. I think the court can as well pass upon
the question before the argument has com-
menced as afterward. I therefore favor this
amendment, i should have thought it very
essential if the two hours had been incorpo-
rated. I voted lor that amendment. I think
't is quite as essential when the argument is to
be limited to one hour, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. MORTON. By this rule we reserve the
rigl)t to extend the time if the Senate or the
Couit thinks the question important enough to
have the time extended ; but by this amend-
ment we are required to determine the import-
ance of the question or the necessity of extend-
ing the time before we have heard the question
discussed at all. Is that, reasonable?
ilr. HENDRICKS. I will ask my colleague
°ne question as to what will be theetl'ectof this j
rule. Suppose during the ptogress of the trial, i
^hen a paity is about closing his speech, the !
Senate thought it ought to be extended really
in view of the importance of the subject, would
the objection of one member prevent that? I
suppose it would. * !
Mr. MORTON'. I suppose the court will
determine the question of extension. As to
what shall constitute the court, whether it shall
bo a majority of the Senate, that is a question
that we have not passed upon; nor do I pro-
pose to discuss_ it now. I am simply discuss-
ing what I consider the unreasonable character
of this amendment, that we are called upon to
decide, the importance of a question and the
necessity of extending the time for its discus-
sion betore we have heard the question dis-
PiiQCprl o t oil
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the last branch of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Jersey, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Fowler.
Frelinghuysen, llariau, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, and Tipton—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Oonkling, Conness, Corbett, l)avis,
Dixon, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson,
McCreery, Morgan, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson
of Tennessee. Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer. Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Fessenden. Henderson, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Ramsey, Sherman, and Wade—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, to strike out the entire rule.
Mr. DRAKE. Before that motion is put I
have an amendment to offer to the rule. It is
to add at the end of the rule the following :
The persons arguing in favor of a question or
motion shall bo entitled to open and closo the argu-
ment thereupon, and may divide their time between
the opening and closing argument as they may deem
proper.
I suppose there is no objection to that.
Mr. HOWARD. That is implied by the rule
as it stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for a division.
Mr. DRAKE. I confess I am very much
at a loss to understand why the honorable
chairman of the committee is opposed to this
amendment. He remarked conversationally a
moment ago " that is implied in the rule." I
beg leave to say, with all respect to the honor-
able chairman of that committee, that we
ought not to leave anything to be implied in
the rules here. If we are going to make rules
let us make them so that there is nothing left
open to implication ; so that no right of party
or counsel in that court shall depend upon an
implied construction of a rule. Sir, we are
making rules for a court that will have no other
rules but those which we adopt for it. We
have no law to go to but the law which we
make ourselves. If this thing is right why
should we not put it in the rules? If it is
wrong let it be voted down ; but if it is right
to express it why should_ we not express it
and leave nothing to implication?
Mr. HOWARD. I did remark that I thought
all contained in the amendment is implied in
the rule as it now stands. I think so still.
The rule reads as follows:
All preliminary or interlocutory questions and
all motions shall be argued for not exceeding one
hour on each side, unlets the court shall, by order,
extend the time.
Now, sir, who presents a question to the
court, or who makes a motion to the court, un-
less it be the party or his counsel whodiscusses
the action of the court upon it? Is it Dot the
commonest practice that after he has heardan
objection made to his motion ou his question
that he shall have the right to close the discus-
sion upon that point? It is a^matter of com-
mon practice ; it is a matter of common right, i
It would be to me an amazement that the court !
should allow any other course to be taken for j
the purpose of ascertaining what was right or i
what was wrong. .. The counsel on either, side
may divide the. time that is to be expended
preliminarily or in the end, as they may see fii.
ihat is a matter for them to consider; but to
say that a court would not permit counsel who
had made a motion or presenteda question to
close the discussion ou ..that motion or ques-
tion, instead of the time allowed,,would be
very strange to me. I think, therefore, tiat
this amendment, which in itself is J met;e recog-
nition of common practice, is not necessary m
this case. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. '.The qiiet-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Missouri. _ ^
The amendment was rejected. .J,,
Mr. JOHNSON. I voted for the amend-
ment, but I think the counsel will have the
same right as they would have if the amend-
ment were adopted. The general rule being
that the party who holds the affirmative has the
right to begin and conclude, the presiding judge
of the court will, of course, give to that party
the right to begin and conclude.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, to strike out the twentieth rule. • -
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays. - -
The yeas and nays were ordered. S-i.vt?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] has been compelled to leave the
Senate from illness, and I have paired off with
him. He would vote against my amendment
if he were here, and I for it. ; s,v s
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 19, nays 23 ; as follows: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Davis, Dixon,
Ferry, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Johnson,
McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Kosa,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Willey—19. ; ■ -
NAYS—Messrs, Cameron, Chandler, Cole. Cook-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23. -
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Cragin, Doo-
littlc, Fessenden, Grimes, Henderson, Morton, Pat-
terson ofNewHampshire.Ramscy, and Sherman—11.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to amend the
twentieth rule by striking out all after the oc-
currence of the Words " each side" and by sub-
stituting the word "counsel" for the words
"one person only;" so that the rule, if
amended as I propose, will read:
All preliminary or interlocutory questions and all
motions may be argued by counsel on each side. "'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator lrpm
Kentucky. , , -".J.Z'-ln
Mr. McCREERY. As other gentlemen have
doubtless reflected the views and the wishes
of their constituents in the course of this de-
bate, I beg leave, as a representative of Ken-
tucky, to offer the sentiment which I believe
corresponds with the views and feelings of the
people of my State. If Kentucky is prouder
of any one circumstance or of any one thing
than any other, she may be said to feel that
pride for her judiciary—a judiciary that "has
never stained the ermine with a single blot; a
judiciary which, if a criminal or an accused
person, high or low, is brought before it, hears
and determines his cause without restriction
and without limitation. I venture to say that
there is not a court in Kentucky, high or low,
which has ever entered up a rule that when
any_ accused is brought up his counsel shall be
.limited to one hour, two hours, or three hours.
And in representing the people of Kentucky
I feel constrained, although I, have np, hope,
or small hope, of the adoption of this amend-
ment, to offer it before the final action of this
body. . . ,
I think it is important that this amendment
should be adopted. . In my own weakness I
feel the necessity upon myself that I should
draw light from every possible source. I do
not want any restriction, any limitation. Let
counsel present their case as strong as
please on either side. I have a high and re-
