1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3627
accruing to California is a henefit to them in a
commercial point of view. We are raising up
in our youths, as it were, a new nationality,
educated on a scale unknown elsewhere in the
Union. The blessings of a free education are
not confined to the channels of English knowl-
edge alone, but the French, Spanish, and
German classics are taught in our public
schools, as also the fine arts, the law, medicine,
mechanics, metallurgy, music, and painting,
while theology is not neglected. We intend
that our posterity shall possess the same vigor,
mentally, that a beneficent God has given them
physically ; for we are blessed with a climate
beyond compare and a soil teeming with rich-
ness, bearing with astonishing prolificacy all
the cereals and fruits of the most temperate
as well as tropical climates. Our only anxiety
is to afford employment to our greatly increas-
ing population, who will dispute every avenue
leading to advancement with our own sons.
We cannot confine them to mercantile, mining,
or mechanical life entirely; they cannot all
become lawyers, doctors, divines, poets, or
literary men. We need a new sphere of action
for many. We need a mercantile, marine of
our own, to cover the Pacific with our own
fleets, to advance in the art of ship-building,
navigation, and commerce abroad by sea.
The waters washing the shores of Alaska are
to be the future fields of these new sources of
prosperity. The fisheries, the fur trade, the
lumber trade, all of which that territory is
wealthy in, must become sources for the use
of our increasing wealth and the development
of new industrial pursuits. We cannot halt in
our progress; our taste of greatness is too
palatable for us ever willingly to upset the
banquet-tables; our motto is onward and up-
ward. Progress cannot retrograde; it must
advance, and it is our duty as legislators to
lead our aid in its behalf. Give our people
the right to avail themselves of these benefits
by honorably discharging a debt honorably and
fairly incurred, a debt the non-payment of
which affects the national repute, and it will
not he many months before the realization of
what, I portray will gratify and gladden the
whole country.
We, having the national credit in keeping,
should recollect that our capitalists, looking
upon the purchase of Alaska as a commercial
transaction, view the non-compliance of treaty
stipulations as making investments in that ter-
ritory or in its commerce dangerous ; and it is
certain that California enterprise cannot have
its full flow and energy in that direction until
that compliance is had and the treaty honorably
fulfilled. The past has been full of experience,
sad and otherwise, to our people, and through
the trials of fire that we have been subjected to
we should take lessons of wisdom in finance,
commerce, and, in fact, in statesmanship.
While we are glorifying oursteam communica-
tion with Asia, it is well to reflect that the pos-
session of Alaska is an adjunct to its success
and prosperity.
The course of ocean navigation varies on the
Pacific owing to the prevalence of the trade
winds. Six months in the year it traverses to
the south byornearthe Sandwich Islands, and
the other six months it is by the north, follow-
ing the course of the Alaska peninsula and the
Aleutian group of islands which stretch out,
indicating a past connection with the islands
of the China and Japan seas. Coal is essen-
tial to the use of our Pacific steamers; this is
to be found in Alaska. Ship timber is another
essential; Alaska abounds therein. So did
Maine and so did Washington^Territory ; but
the European Governments, with a keener eye
to future need, have for years been supplying
themselves from the latter, while we have
exhausted the lands of the former to such an
extent that the interests of our commercial
marine demand at our hands as legislators the
repeal of the duties imposed on the importa-
tion of lumber from the Canadas. We daily
lament the decadence of our ship-building
interests; let us cease our lamentations and
breathe new life into this great interest by
giving to our artisans and capitalists the oppor-
tunity of-covering the Pacific and Atlantic
oceans, Japan, China, and Yellow seas, with
our ships, so that each Asiatic port may be
alive with our seamen, filled with our ships,
and canopied all over with the American flag,
which, if we will it, may majestically wave all
other flags from the sea, and beckon a com-
manding invitation to the wealth of the world
to enter and tarry in our ports. These are
considerations well worthy of reflection ; I do
not draw an imaginary future when I make
these assertions.
Yet all depends in a great measure on the
action of this House in upholding our national
credit and honor.
The greatest enterprise of the age, or any
agS, the Pacific railroad, had to slumber for
years from lack of faith in its practicability;
who doubts its success and benefits now. It
is erroneous to suppose that all those benefits
are to accrue to the Pacific States; but while
its benefits will be mutual with the whole coun-
try those States will be the last to reap the
harvest. This may seem illogical, but I hold
that the various branches of the Pacific rail-
road will benefit the whole Union primarily by
building up the vast plateau of the llocky
mountains, as it is termed. The land of the
red man, the great plains, will be peopled, and
cities, towns, villages, and ultimately States
will grow, and all this long before it will con-
fer benefits on the Pacific States equal to those
received by the western and Atlantic States,
through whose ports and over whose lines of
railroad must enter and be transported the
population of the great basin of the continent,
whose growth into civilization will be as rapid
and astonishing as that of California.
The benefits of such gigantic enterprises are
cooperative in their nature, and are scattered
broadcast over the wholeland. The lateunfor-
tunate civil war in our country has severed ties
to localities ; change of fortune, the heavy hand
of misery, the disruption of family ties, all tend
to add stimulus to a change of locality, to
emigration to new scenes where life may be
begun anew, and hope points to the far West
as that land of promise. The Pacific railroad
I look upon as the great highway open to such,
and as such highway it will carry the people
who are to add to our empire, and carry civil-
ization into the desert. We do not for one
moment think that every train over those broad,
iron roads is to be freighted with men, woman,
and children for California, Nevada, Oregon,
and Washington Territory. We expect but
our share of the emigration, and are not so
selfish as to desire its monopoly. It cannot be
laid at our door, then, that- all those great
national works are but for the benefit of our
sturdy young State, as many allege. Nor is
the vast outlay they cost to be added to our
account current with the Government, for it is
well known that many look with regretful eyes
on the favors bestowed on California, and call
that State a " petted and spoiled child, extrav-
agant in her demands and petulant when not
gratified," a statement wholly devoid of truth,
uttered, I believe, more as an admonition than
as a stigma. We are not presumptuous enough
to believe that we are much wiser or greater
than the j>eople of other States, and therefore
we admit it may be well at times to apply the
''break" when we are putting on "too much
steam." In the acquisition of Alaska we look
with an eye to its and to our national import-
ance.
Give us Alaska as a Territory organized under
a proper government as one of the Territories
of the United States, and right soon we will
make California so greattliatyou will all boast
when you go abroad that you live under the
same Federal jurisdiction that we do. And
because of our richcs, resources, energy, high
civilization, and general prosperity, you will all
be proud to tell that you have brothers, cousins,
or relatives in that State. And our Speaker,
when old and worn out in the public service,
will recount with pride and with glee what he
saw and heard, his haps and mishaps, as he
flitted two or three years ago across our golden
sands. I appeal to honorable members, let us
be just, let us be honorable, let us be great as
this occasion is great, and do ourselves and our
country lasting honor. The value of this pur-
chase to our country can be better understood
when we consider the unsurpassed richness of
California in all that makes up the greatness of
a State. Then, briefly as possible I shall try
to show what California is to-day, leaving gen-
tlemen to judge what it may be in the future.
California is over seven hundred miles in
length, having an average width of about two
hundred and twenty-five miles. Within the
limits of the State there are about seventy mil-
lion acres of agricultural land, and about fifteen
million acres of grazing lands.
California now produces about thirty million
dollars per annum in gold and silver, and it is
safe to suppose that this yield will not be mate-
rial ly diminished for fifty years to come. Her
yield of grain will be this year about forty mil-
lion bushels—twenty-three million bushels of
wheat and seventeen million bushels of other
grain. In ten years we will produce, perhaps,
not less than three times this amount. This
will give us one hundred and twenty million
bushels—more than enough to feed twelve mil-
lion people. Our crop of wool last year was
over ten million pounds, and in ten years from
this time it is safe to conclude it will be fifty
millions. This will clothe fifteen million people.
I do not know what number of gallons of wine
we produce, but I do know that we produce
the best grapes that are grown in the world,
and that in a few years, when our young vine-
yards have matured, we can supply all the
people in the United States with a pure article
of as good wines as ever gladdened man's
heart or made a soul merry. There is no
country on earth where cattle do better than
in California, and sheep and hogs multiply
faster there than in any other country on the
globe. We have fruits of all descriptions,
unsurpassed in yield and in delicacy of flavor.
Our State is overflowing with corn, wine, and
oil, and we must have, we will have, ships to
carry these good things abroad. And we must
have the furs, fish, and timber from Alaska to
increase, diversify, and vitalize our commerce.
We have at this time seven hundred and
fifty-six vessels, with an aggregate of one hun-
dred and forty-six thousand seven hundred
and eighty-eiglit tons burden, belonging to the
city of San Francisco ; but this is not more than
one third the tonnage demanded by our com-
merce. Because of our richness and greatness
the Atlantic States have kindly sent the iron
horse on his mission to bring away our prod-
ucts, to empty our granaries and our factories
and our warehouses of their rich Oriental fab-
rics. The continued greatness of California
does not depend upon this purchase, but I
believe it will be worth more to her, in a com-
mercial point of view, than all the gold in all
her hills. Then let us vote this appropriation ;
for an increase in California's commerce is
equally beneficial to all parts of the Union.
Give us this appropriation and then a ter-
ritorial government for Alaska, and the good
this will do us, considered with the benefits to
accrue from the Pacific railroad and our com-
merce with China and Japan, will in ten years
bring to San Francisco the chief merchants of
the world. From every land we will receive
orders for our grain, for our woolen goods,
for our fish, and our furs. We will cover all
the seas with our ships and control the com-
merce of the nations. Our hills and valleys
will afford happy homes for millions who liiil
in other countries to meet that thrift and pros-
perity which always follows industry and fru-
gality with us. The industrious of every land
are invited to take wealth from our inexhaust-
ible mines, and to make homes upon our fertile
lands, where they may joyfully spend their lives
with peace and plenty in the_ cool, refreshing
shade of their own vine and fig tree.
With our great future so near at hand as to
plainly be seen it is hardly possible that this
Alaska purchase, adding so much to our coin-
