1888.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
T9
40m Ooistg....2  Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr, Burr.
Ho. of Reps.
eminent, setting aside the will of the people, as
recorded by their public acts? Is that a re-
publican form of government ? If it be so, then
republican governments ought to sink and dis-
appear from the sight of man forever.
Let me follow out the line of argument
adopted by myfriendfrom Massachusetts, [Mr.
I)awes,] whose ability and candor 1 equally
admire. He says that these States, by rebel-
lion. lost their republican forms of government.
I admit it. When the State of Virginia,_ (and
I name that as one of the old original thirteen
States,) when that State assumed by an act of
legislative usurpation to pass an ordinance of
secession, that moment the State ceased to be
in harmonious relation with the Government
of the United States and with her sister States
under the Constitution. But had not Virginia
been before that time in possession of a gov-
ernment republican in form? Most assuredly
it had, or our fathers were greatly in error.
When the result of battle and the tide of war
brought a period of reflection to the minds of
the people, and they, in the exercise of the
same power and acting by the same volition,
repealed that act of secession, did away volun-
tarily with all their offensive legislation, and
assumed again the functions and powers of a
State subject to the authority of the Constitu-
tion, resumed the position as a State organiza-
tion which they had possessed before the period
when mad fanaticism passed upon their minds,
did they not then come again into possession
of a government republican in form, as they
were in 1S5S, before their attempted secession
from the Union? If their framework of gov-
ernment was republican in form in 185G, 1857,
1853, or 1859, why does the same form of gov-
ernment, in the hands of the same portion of
the people of the United States, and moved in
the same channels, cease to be republican in
form in 1808? If by rebellion they lost their
republican form of government, then, by re-
newed allegiance to the Union that republican
form of government was restored, else our
fathers were greatly in error.
But, sir, it was stated the other day by my
eloquent friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that
this is a contest between the friends and ene-
mies of republican constitutional government.
Sir, in the discussion of a constitutional or
political question, or any question affecting the
interests of us all, I dislike to hear any gen-
tleman of any class denounce anybody as an
enemy of his country. But, sir, when denun-
ciation comes—when either by express terms
or by way of implication I am forced to the
conclusion that opprobrious epithets are to be
applied to-one class in contradistinction from
another, I propose to examine where such
terms may correctly be applied. What is a
friend of a constitutional form of Government?
One who adheres to that constitution in its
letter and spirit. My friends on the other side
need not point me to the rebellion in the South.
They need not point me to the treason of a
Davis, to the efforts of a Lee, or to the mad
fanaticism of the masses of the people of the
South. The rebellion has ceased. Members
upon this floor have never been engaged in
that rebellion. Gentlemen may use whatever
language their own sense of propriety may dic-
tate upon that subject. But, sir, for one I can
say that I have never sympathized in any man-
ner with the rebellion nor have my political
associates on this floor. I could not, sir, when
in 1860 I saw its first deadly shaft aimed at
our own honored Douglas, the idol of Illinois.
And wlien I saw the blow aimed at the insti-
tutions of my country, and the effort to strike
down the flag of my fathers, I could not do
otherwise than denounce and repudiate every
man standing in active cooperation with the
rebellion. Yet, sir, I adhere to the Constitu-
tion of our common country, and resist un-
constitutional legislation as I did unconstitu-
tional secession ; and he who would willingly
and willfully strike down one clause of that
Constitution is to that extent as much a traitor
to his country as though the same effort were
made upon the bloody field of battle. The
man who is in favor of adhering to the Con-
stitution, preserving it in its purity, obeying it
in all its forms—that man is a friend of a
constitutional form of government; and who-
ever is willing to depart from the ancient
landmarks to abrogate one clause of the Con-
stitution, to take away powers expressly dele-
gated to one branch of the Government and
vest them, against the provisions of the Con-
stitution, in another—that man is perhaps
unwittingly, but yet, in point of fact, to that
extent actually an enemy of the institutions
of his country.
Now, sir, I wish to renew a point which has
been already made on this side of the Ilonse,
and which was attempted to be answered by my
colleague, [Mr. farnsworth.] Thewarupon
the field has ceased. We are to-day in a state
of peace, so far at least as regards the move-
ments of hostile armies. What was the prom-
ise upon which the war was prosecuted? My
colleague said that the Crittenden resolution
to which I now refer was a tub thrown to the
whale of secession. A tub thrown to the whale!
That, sir, was not the language used when in
the most solemn hour of our nation's history
every member on this floor, with but two excep-
tions, voted for a resolution declaring that the
war "was not waged in any spirit of oppres-
sion, nor for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, nor for the purpose of overthrowing
or interfering with the rights or established
institutions of the States." There are the neg-
atives. There is a statement of what the war
was not waged for.
Here is what it was waged for: "To main-
tain and defend the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion." For that and something else—what?
"To preserve the Union." LIow? " With
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several
States unimpaired." Where are the rights of
the old State of Virginia, the mother of Presi-
dents, to-day? What has become of her dig-
nity and equality as one of the original thir-
teen whose wisdom created the Constitution
and organized under it our glorious frame-
work of Government? Our friends say her
" dignity, rights, and equality" were submitted
to wager of battle and staked on the fortunes
of war, with adverse results. But, sir, the
resolution to which I have referred pledged the
Government to sustain that State and preserve
her dignity, rights, and equality unimpaired.
The act of attempted secession disturbed her
harmonious relations—if you please, inter-
rupted her republican form of government—
and the object of the war on the part of the
Government was to restore that harmony and
preserve her dignity as a State in the Union—
not a district outside the Union; to maintain
lier equality as a State under the Constitution—
not a military department, or a dead State
"outside the Constitution." In other words,
sir, the avowed object of the war was to guar-
anty to Virginia, in common with other south-
ern States, a republican form of government.
And those States having each resumed at the
close of the war the same constitutions, mod-
ified only by amendments prohibiting involun-
tary servitude and repudiating the payment of
the rebel debt, that such States respectively
possessed before the commencement of the
war, are they not each as much and as fully
possessed of governments republican in form
as before the rebellion occurred?
But again, sir, let us notice a distinction not
made by gentlemen in arguing this question of
power under this clause giving Congress the
right to guaranty to each State a republican
form of government. It is not a grant of power
to create for any State a republican form of
government; that is the right of the people of
such State. The very language of this clause—
"guaranty to each State a republican form of
government"—presupposes such republican
form of government to be already in exist-
ence ; and such was really the fact. There
were representatives assembled from the ori-
ginal States to act as delegates of the people
in forming the framework of a government to
supersede the original "Articles of Confedera-
tion," which framework became necessary, in
their judgment, "in order to form a more per-
fect Union, establish justice, insure domcstio
tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty" to themselves and their
posterity; and when their labor was completed
the world gazed with admiration upon the peer-
less Constitution of 1787; and our fathers, in
publishing it to the world, certified that it was
"done in convention by unanimous consent
of the States present" on the day when it was
attested by the signature of the "father of his
country."
Recurring again to the letter published with
the Constitution by order of the Convention,
we find the statement that our fathers found it
difficult to draw with precision the line between
those rights which must be surrendered and
those which might be reserved, which difficulty
was increased by a difference among the sev-
eral States as to their situation, extent, habits,
and particular interests. But the great desire
to secure the ends set forth in the preamble
controlled all objections, and because it was
found to be impracticable to secure all rights
of independent sovereignty to each State and
yet provide for the interest and safety of all,
every State represented then and there sur-
rendered some of the attributes of sovereignty
and delegated to the General Government cer-
tain powers which, in the absence of that grant
would remain in or be, in the language of the
tenth amendment, "reserved to the States
respectively or to the people." Among these
attributes vof sovereignty so surrendered by
each State, and thereby delegated to the Fed-
eral Government, was the right to enter into
any treaty, alliance, or confederation, coin
money, keep troops or ships of war in time of
peace, enter into any agreement or compact
with another State, or with a foreign Power,
or engage in war, unless actually invaded or in
such imminent danger as forbade delay, thus
surrendering on the part of each such attri-
butes of sovereignty as might in their separate
exercise endanger the whole. It was but nat-
ural for each to ask the question, " If we sur-
render the right to preserve, either by arms or
treaty, our own State dignity and equality, how
can we preserve our republican form of gov-
ernment of which we are already in posses-
sion?"
The answer was inserted into the Constitu-
tion as a clause binding upon the General
Government and intended to compensate the
States respectively for a surrender of the at-
tributes of sovereignty in that respect; and
such clause simply declares that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union—what each already possessed—a re-
publican form of government. That guarantee
was not to operate simply for a day, nor cease
to be binding at the will of a party, but holds
in all its fullness to-day firmly as when first
extended by the General Government to the
original States. In that clause the United
Sta:es guarantied the separate existence of
Virginia under her then form of government,
with such changes and modifications as her
people might from time to time ordain and
establish not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United States nor contrary to her
duty under the same. And, sir, I maintain
that when the war ceased and the people of
Virginia readjusted their disturbed _ machinery
of State government and came again into har-
mony with the General Government, under the
same constitution, once recognized by Congress
as republican in form, that very moment Vir-
ginia could claim the guarantee, and the United
States could not in good faith withhold or
