3628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mercial importance as it does, can he rejected ;
for, as I have already stated, the advancement
ot' California in this particular is the advance-
ment of the whole Union.
The other States of this Union, and tho
Federal Government which they ordained and
established, shall have the history of their great-
ness written in letters of gold taken from Cali-
fornia's mines. California's "corn, wine, and
oil" shall sooth the wounds of the afflicted,
make joyful the hearts of the oppressed, and
drive away hunger from the poor and needy
all over our land. Will you yield us this pur-
chase for the benefit of our commerce?
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BANKS, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to ; and the commit-
tee accordingly rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Sir. Garfield reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Uu ion had, according to order, had the
special order under consideration, being House
billNo. 1030, making an appropriation ofmoney
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of
March 30, 18G7, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD, (at
ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
July 1 j
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Sarah
Brigg<, of Delavan, Wisconsin, for increase of
pension.
By Mr. STOKES: Additional papers in the
case ol the claim of J. A. Brents, of Albany,
Kentucky.
^By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Anna
W. Spencer, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 1, 18C8.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
On motion ol Mr. HARLAN, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
tlui Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating an estimate from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of appropiia-
tion required to pay the damages sustained by
settlers m Niobrara township, Nebraska, by
reasonot locating the Santee Sioux upon lands
owned by them, in the year 1800; which, on
motion of Mr. ITaiilax, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens ot Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that a pension be allowed to the soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and to the widows
of those that have died ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented a petition of Thomas J.
Brooks and others, employes of commissaries
of subsistence, asking to be included in the bill
giving twenty per cent, additional compensa-
tion to clerks and others ; which was reterred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of the District of Columbia, praying an
increase of the salary of the judge of the
orphans' comt of the District; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of Lewis
John, for himself and others, members of the
Oneida tribe of Indians, praying that they may
be granted bounty for services rendered during
the war of 1812 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
Andrew J. Berrian, praying indemnity for dam
ages occasioned to his property in Tennessee
during the rebellion by i-ebel soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present the
petition and protest of the settlers upon the
Cherokee neutral lands in Cherokee county,
Kansas, setting forth that the settlers of the
Cherokee neutral lands settled there under the
conviction that as soon as the Indian titles
were extinguished they would have a right to
the benefit of the preemption and homestead
laws, and that they are now in danger of losing
their homes and having them transferred to
railroad corporations; that they believe they
are entitled, as soon as the Indian titles are
extinguished, to the benefit of the preemption
and homestead laws, and that in the namtfof
twenty-five thousand men, women, and children
now living on these neutral lands they protest
against the selling of any of these lands to
others than actual settlers. I move the ref-
erence of this petition to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Isaac
Ilutishausen, prayingcompensation forservices
rendered as assistant assessor of the eleventh
division of the first district of Illinois, the same
having been withheld on account of his failure
to take the oath of office; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the protest of
numerous wholesale liquor dealers of the city
of New York, protesting against the sections
applicable to them in the tax bill now under-
going examination by the Committee on Fi-
nance. The protest is long and particular, a
very instructive statement., I think, and it con-
tains numerous objections which the memo-
rialists deem conclusive. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Alexander II. Bullock, Governor of Massa-
chusetts, and a large number of other distin-
guished citizens of Massachusetts, protesting
against any sanction by Congress of a recent
act by the Legislature of California giving
rights to certain persons in the Yosemite val-
ley, asking that it may be kept sacred to the
public in all limes. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIIAYBR presented a remonstrance of
II. Williams and^forty-three others, citizens of
Neosho Falls, Kansas, against the pending
treaty with the Great and Little Osage tribe of
Indians, with a prayer for the protection of
the settlers and the school interests of Kansas ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Altai r;-;.
He also presented a remonstrance of J. J.
W. Fox and others, citizens of Osage county,
Kansas, against the pending Osage treaty,
together with the objections of the State super-
intendent of public instruction against said
treaty ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. THAYER. I also present 4he protest
of White Ilair, principal chief, and nine other
chiefs and head men of the Osage nation,
against the ratification of the pending Osage
treaty, setting forth the threats and induce-
ments held out by the commissioners to secure
their signatures to said treaty, and a declara-
tion that the tribe does not want it confirmed.
Also, that the rest of the chiefs of- the nation
are absent on a buffalo hunt, otherwise they
would have signed with them. 1 have been
requested to ask that this remonstrance be read
to the Senate.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The remon-
strance will be read if there be no objection.
^ Mr. EDMUND&. I object. I want to save ;
time. ~ |'
fhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read- 1
ing of the paper being objected to, it cannot II
be read unless by a vote of the Senate. The
question is, Shall the paper be read?
The question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative; and the Chief Clerk proceeded to
read the remonstrance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the reading
should be suspended. It seems to relate to
executive business, and the paper ought to be
presented in executive session.
Mr. CONNBSS. I move to lay it on the
table, and then it can be read in executive ses-
sion, where it belongs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Our rules
say that wjien a paper is presented and its read-
ing is asked, and the reading is objected to, it
cannot be read unless by a vote of the Senate;
and when the Senate have voted that it shall
be read, I suppose it must be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
the reading of the paper, but I supposed it
related to executive business, and ought to be
presented in executive session.
Mr. THAYER. It is a remonstrance against
the ratification of the Osage treaty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
it belongs in executive session. That may be
an objection. Perhaps it, is out of order to
offer it in open session, as it relates to a treaty.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to
its being read except that it belongs to exec-
utive business.
Mr. MOIIRILL, of Maine. Let it take the
same course as the others, and be referred to
the committee.
Mr. THAYER. I do not yield to the force
of the suggestion that this paper should be
presented in executive session. A petition or
remonstrance is a public matter, and I think
may properly be read. I do not, however,
insist upon the reading; but the request was
made to me that I should ask for the reading
of the paper. I will not ask for its further
reading, but simply move that it be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
land office report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom were referred two resolutions,
one to print ten thousand copies of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and another from the Committee on
Public Lands, for printing thirty thousand
copies of the same in various languages, have
instructed me to report a resolution as a sub-
stitute for them. I should like to have the
substitute read, and ask for its present consid-
eration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. ANTHONY. It will take but a minute
or two.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The substitute reported
by the committee will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That five thousand copies be printed for
the use of the Semite, and two thousand copies for
distribution by theGenoral Land Officc.of the report
ot the Commissioner of the General Land Office tor
1801, without the sketches or illustrations, and with-
out the maps, except the connected mapof the United
fetiltcs.
Resolved, further, That an abridgment of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Officc for
lbf>7, containing such portions of it as may hestcneour-
a«e immigration, shall bo prepared hy him without
sketches or illustrations, and without maps, except-
ing the connected mapof the United States: and
Uiat two thousand copies be printed for the use of
the General Iaind Oflice, and also that two thousand
copies in -bnghsh, t.iree thousand copies in German,
and one thousand copies in Swedish, be piiuted for
distribution in Europe, under the direction of tho
Department of State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CONNBSS. I desire to make a motion
in regard to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over.
Mr. CONNBSS. I move to refer it to the
Committee on Public Lands of this body, and
I desire to submit a very few words in regard
to it.
