APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January, 16>}
Ho. of Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Niblack.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
refuse it. In this view each of what are now
termed military districts, and which are to be
by this bill merged in one grand military em-
 pire, are sovereign States, with their several
governments guarantied by the United States,
and their "dignity, equality, and rights" guar-
antied by the very party which this day pro-
poses. by the madness of fanatical legislation,
to strike down and abrogate those same gov-
ernments in order to perpetuate its own uncon-
stitutional power by southern negro rule in
each of those ten States.
But, sir, not only does this bill abrogate
executive power and usurp executivefunctions,
but in express terms denies to the judicial
branch or department the exercise of the powers
granted to it by the people in their Constitution.
It provides in its first section that the govern-
ments in said States, respectively, shall not be
recognized as valid or legal State governments
by the judicial power or authority of the United
States—thus prohibiting the judiciary from
hearing and determining any question involving
the existence of any of those States, while in
the Constitution it is provided that " the judi-
cial power shall extend to all cases in law and
equity arising under this Constitution," as also
''to controversies between two or more States."
Should a controversy arise between the authori-
ties of Virginia and North Carolina the Con-
stitution makes it the duty of the judiciary to
determine the question, and by decree or judg-
ment end the controversy, while this bill pro-
hibits sueh action and assumes to rest in one
man, and he a military officer, tlie right to
decide the question and enforce liis decision
by the armies of the nation, while both the
executive and judicial departments are power-
less to enforce the Constitution unless atimmi-
nent risk of a collision with the Army acting
under congressional authority and in violation
of the Constitution.
But, sir, as men never act but from the
prompting of motive, what is the motive
prompting this denial of judicial examinations?
Is it not because our friends on the other side of
the House feel convinced that the result of judi-
cial examination and decision would be a vin-
dication of civil governments in those States?
Why, sir, the very denial of the right of such
investigation is an admission that its results,
if permitted, would be fatal to their revolu-
tionary legislation. And, sir, as an illustration
of the progress)veness of Radicalism let it be
remembered that this same court thus uncon-
stitutionally circumscribed in its action is com-
posed of eight members, of whom a majority
are members of the Republican party, and that
the father of American Radicalism, Salmon 1'.
Chase, is its presiding judge. But though a
Radical, he is a lawyer, and might be supposed
to mauifest some regard for the Constitution
under which alone he holds his high position.
But, further, I may be pardoned for referring
to a rumor, whether well-founded or not, still
very generally accredited, to the effect that in
a case now pending in that court involving the
constitutionality of these reconstruction acts a
majority of the court incline to the opinion,
and will so decide, that these acts are void, and
that as a consequence each of those southern
States are in possession of all their "rights,
dignity, and equality" under the Constitution.
Is it to forestall the court in the promulgation
of this anticipated unwelcome decision that
this denial of its right to decide the question is
incorporated in this bill?
Sir, I think I have fairly shown that this pro-
posed enactment, in more than one respect,
subverts the fundamental law of our Republic.
Do gentlemen reflcct that an abrogation of
that fundamental law is a surrender, or rather
a destruction, of the form of government cre-
ated by that law ? As without some of the
reserved attributes of sovereignty there can be
no State, so without the Constitution there
can be no union of States. The maintenance
of one is essential to the existence of the
other. And do gentlemen further reflect that
a willful violation of one portion of our Con-
stitution is equally criminal as a forcible abro-
gation of the instrument entire? Is it not
always by slow and almost imperceptible move-
ment that the march of tyranny and usurpa-
tion commences? Is it not true to-day, as in
days past, that the first effort at usurpation is
to conceal its purpose under some special plea
of public utility? Is not necessity still the plea
of the tyrant? But, sir, as public forbearance
has until recently been untiring and public
patience unwavering, I fear our Radical friends
have concluded that the people were tacitly
indorsing, instead of silently tolerating, their
usurpations and infractions of the Constitu-
tion. Imagining themselves secure in power
and beyond the reach of responsibility, they
have exhibited that madness which precedes
destruction. It is but history repeating itself
and verifying the predictionsof Webster when
he said:
" If the infernal fanatics and abolitionists ovor sot
tho power in their hands they will override the Con-
stitution, set tho Supreme Court at defiance, eh an fee
and make laws to suit themselves, lay violent hands
on those who dilfer with them in their opinions or
daro question their infallibility, and finally bank-
rupt the country and dclugo it with blood."
How fully the history of tho past few years
of our country, and especially the past few
months of our legislative history, justifies the
prediction of the immortal Webster. There is
now, in luy judgment, but one pathway of
safety for the people, but one remaining hope
of salvation to our country from impending
ruin. That hope is a speedy uprising of the
people, constitutionally, in their sovereign
power, rebuking the madness of fanaticism, and
hurling from power those who betray the high
trust reposed in them under the laws of our
country. And, sir, I feel assured this hope is
not doomed to disappointment; for while tho
necessity is great and the danger imminent,
the pathway is plain and the people patriotic.
Groaning as they arc under a debt of untold
millions, they will not tolerate this tinkering
with the Constitution nor remain blind to the
iniquities of the party in power. In July last,
upon one of the preceding acts in this same
series of so-called reconstruction measures, I
put upon record here my predictions of a
speedy reaction in the public mind and a
prompt repudiation in public action of the
acts and doings of the present Congress ; and
how signally has that condemnation been al-
ready pronounced in tho very States where a
few years ago the party holding a majority on
this floor to-day revelled in the plenitude of
unquestioned power.
And, Mr. Speaker, it is not the spasmodic
action of a moment, not the mere temporary
unrest of a period, that underlies or causes this
popular uprising. It is the full, deep determ-
ination of the patriotic citizens of the United
States to withdraw power from those who abuse
it, withhold trust from those who betray it, and
in their sovereignty return to the policy of their
fathers, and to secure the existence of States in
coequal dignity under a Constitution uniform,
equal, and just to all.
One more consideration, sir, and I will close.
It has been intimated by those of the majority
that we oppose this bill because we distrust
the General of tho armies. Sir, for one, I dis-
trust any man who may be clothed with the
extraordinary powers contemplated in this bill.
No man in this broad land of ours can be safely
intrusted with unconstitutional power. Under
our form of government Presidents, courts,
legislative bodies, generals, all are alike sub-
ordinate to the Constitution, which overreaches,
controls, directs, guides, and limits all. Were
it so possible for the immortal spirit of Wash-
ington to return to earth and reanimate his still
remains I would not, willingly yield to him,
pure as he was, patriotic as he was known to
be, the powers contemplated in this unrighteous
act. Ah, sir, he would not accept it—but in
answer to proffered power wonld reply, "Get
thee behind me ; I, too, am a citizen; go learn
of your fathers, gather their lessons of wisdom,
comprehend and obey their teaching as set
forth in the Constitution, and all will be v/ell."
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E. NIBLACK,
op indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
January 16, 18G8.
The House having under consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 439) additional and supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to provide for the more efficient
government of tho rebel States," passed March 2,
1867-
Mr. NIBLACK said:
Mr. Speaker : I shall not, I hope, occupy
tho time allotted to me on the bill now under
consideration reported from the Committee
on Reconstruction. I felt, after first examin-
ing it and looking into its provisions, that it
ought to be discussed fully and thoroughly.
Gentlemen who have preceded me, however,
on this side of the House have nearly ex-
hausted all the points involved in the measure,
and I feel I should be guilty of repetition if I
undertook to go over the whole ground again.
This question of reconstruction was first
brought before the House in its present aspect
nearly one year ago. I then spoke oil the gen-
eral subject, and it is unnecessary for me to
repeat the positions 1 then assumed in regard
to it. I may be permitted, however, to re-
mark that subsequent reflection and examina-
tion of tho subject have convinced me I did
not even go far enough on that occasion in
opposition to this policy of Congress, because
I could not. then realize what enormities were
in store for us under this pretext of reconstruc-
tion.
The question of loyalty or disloyalty, the
question of rebellion, the question of the civil
war which so long divided and distracted the
country, is in no way involved in the discus-
sion of the principles of this bill. It is only a
question of power and expediency on the part
of Congress. No one has yet seriously assumed
tho position that Congress has to-day any more
power than it had ten years ago. If a measure
of this kind could not bo passed before the war
I insist it cannot be passed by us now, so that
all the talk about loyalty and disloyalty is out-
side of the real issues involved in "this contro-
versy.
But, sir, I was about remarking that the fur-
ther consideration of this question of recon-
struction, as it is called, has convinced me of
the fact that a great deal, that nearly every-
thing done in relation to it is outside of the
Cons!if.ution, and has been mere naked usurpa-
tion. I acquiesced in much that the President
did on the subject because of the supposed
necessity of the case and because of the spirit
in winch it was done, and not because I sup-
posed it was justified by the letter of the Con-
stitution. Since Congress has taken hold of
the subject it is in more interminable confusion
than when the^President had hold ot'it. There
is no well-defined policy upon it. We have
practically torn down the governments which
existed in these States as reorganized since the
war. and yet we have never had the courage
to remove those governments out of the way
and to set up others in their places. We
have gone on, half recognizing and half pro-
testing against their existence.
The act of 2d of March, 1807, was the first
act passed on the subject. That act recognized
these as provisional governments, reserving
only the declaration that they should be sub"
ject to the paramount power of Congress. If
they are piovisional governments, so long as
they are permitted to exist, so long astheyaie
