196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 16,
tVTTIIDUAWAI. Oi' I'APKUS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following order
for adoption:
Order,'!. That the papers relating to tho claim of
Edward J arvis, lor services rendered in tho prepara-
tion ut the census be taken fiom the files ot the ben-
ate and refeired to the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. lias there
been an adverse report in that ease?
Mr. 1IOWE. Yes, sir; there has been.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think there can be 110
adverse report. A bill for relief "was passed
by the House of Representatives at the last
session.
Mr. HOWE. I think there has been an
adverse report in the case, but I will not assert
positively that there has been. I know the
case has been considered by the Committee on
Claims. It is in relation to services in the
Census Bureau, is it not?
Mr. SUMNER." Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It was considered in the com-
mittee, and I know the committee were adverse
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
the proposed order had better lie On the table
until that fact is ascertained. The papers can-
not be referred again if there has been an
adverse report.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there can be no j
objection to the reference of the papers to the ,
committee. \
Mr. GRIMES. There is if there has been ;
an adverse report, because that would be a vio-
lation of one of the rules of the Senate, and if
we do it in this case we shall have to do it in
all others. The Senator should first ascertain
whether or not there has been an adverse
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rules papers cannot be taken from the files
where there has been an adverse report unless
in cases where additional testimony ispresentefd.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know some-
thing about this case, and I do not thiak there
has ever been an adverse report on it in either
House.
Mr. SUMNER. I know a good deal about
the case. It is one of the most deserving cases
I have ever known in Congress, and at the last
Congress a bill for the relief of Mr. Jarvis
passed the other House, and, as I understand,
was left at the adjournment of Congress on
the table of the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The merits
of the case are not now under consideration.
The question is, Whether there has beeu an
adverse report from the Committee on Claims
of the Senate, and if so under the rules of
the Senate the papers cannot be withdrawn
unless additional evidence be presented.
Mr. HOWE. I think the order had better
lie on the table until we ascertain how that
fact is. I am quite familiar with the case itself,
but I am not prepared to say positively whether
there has been an adverse report or not,
though I think there has been an adverse de-
cision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed order will lie on the table until that fact
is ascertained.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of Elijah R. Men-ill,
praying to bo compensated lor injuries sustained by
him in Portland harbor, be withdrawn from tho tiles
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. "WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referrea the bill (S. No. 144) grant-
ing the right of way through the lands of the
United States at West Point to the Hudson
River West Shore Railroad Company, to re-
port it back and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, sjnd that the bill be
indefinitely postponed, a similar till from the
House of Representatives having already passed
tho Senate.
Tlie report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the
members of the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia I report a bill (S. No. 190) to
continue to certain officers and agents ol the
Freedmen's Bureau the powers conferred on
them by the acts creating said bureau, which
I ask to have printed. I hope to call it up to-
morrow. It is very important that it should
be acted on at once.
The bill was read a first time by its title, and
passed to a second reading.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
197) to fix and limit the compensation of diplo-
matic and consular officers, and in part to define
their duties ; which was read twice by its title. '
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be
printed and laid on the table. I intend to
move its reference to a committee to morrow
or the next day, and I wish to state some facts
in regard to it at that time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 198) to organize the Department of
State and reduce the expenses thereof; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the bill lie upon
the table, and be printed, with a view to its
reference to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 199) for the relief of settlers on the late
| Sioux reservation in the State of Minnesota;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed. ^
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 200) to incor-
porate the Washington Society of the New
Jerusalem ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous c|A
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. NW
201) toamend an act entitled " An act to amend
the several acts heretofore passed to provide
for the enrolling and calling out of the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1865; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs aud the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. *202)
for the relief of Captain Phelps Paine, of Illi-
nois; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee ou Claims.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
; bill (S. No. 203) to apportion the issue of the
national currency of the several States and
Territories and the District ofColumbia; which
j was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 204) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a supervising surgeon of marine hos-
pitals of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. -
Mr. EDM UNDS asked, and by unanimous
i consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
1 (S. No. 205) to regulate the taxation of the
! capital stock of national banks; which was
I read twice by its title, aud referred to the Com-
j mittee on Finance.
| Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
j consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 200) to incorporate the Washington
; City Land and Building Association; which
was read twifie by its title, and referred to the
Committee op the District of Columbia* •
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 76) authorizing the sev-
eral Executive Departmentsof the Government
: to purchase paper and envelopes of the Treas-
i imp Department j which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and prdered to bo printed.
BONDS ISSUED TO PACIFIC RAILItOAD.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
conscnt, and agreed to
Resolved, That the 1're'ident bo respectfully re-
quested to furnish to tho Senate a statement setting
torth the amount of United States bonds issued to
the Union Pacific Railroad Co.upany and each of tho
branches thereof, including the Central Pacific Bail-
road Company of California, and an account of the
interest paid by the Government upon such bonds,
and of tho interest repaid by said several railroad
companies to tho United States; whether in cash or
in the transmission of dispatches^ stores, and sup-
plies, as provided in the Pacific railroad act of 18(52.
proposed constitutional amendment.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed:
Resolved, That tho Constitution should bo so
amended as to create a tribunal with jurisdiction to'
decide all questions of constitutional power that
shall arise in the Government of tho United States,
and all questions of conflict of jurisdiction hetween
it and the State governments; said tribunal tocon-
sist of one member from each State, to be appointed
! by the State, to hold his office during good behavior,
; and a majority of the whole number of said tribunal
' to be necessary to make a decision.
| attorney general's office,
j Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit the following
' resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to inform the Senate—
1. What amount was paid by the United States for
! special counsel employed to assist tho Attorney Gen-
eral in cases depending beforo the Supreme Court
of the United States for tho years onding June 30,
1866, and June 30,1867.
2. Whether the present force in the Attorney Gen-
eral's office is sufficient for the proper business of
that office.
3. Whether the solicitors and clerks, actingas such
in the various Departments and in the Court of
Claims, cannot be dispensed with, and tie duties
they perform be discharged under the direction of
the Attorney General, so as to bring all the law offi-
cers of the Government under one head, with saving
of expense and benefit t® the public service.
4. The amount paid for the years ending Juno 30,
1866, and June 30,1867, for assistance rendered to the
district attorneys.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the^Senator if he
will allow me to amend his resolution so as to
carry it one year further back, to include what,
was paid during the year ending June 30, 1865?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on taking up the resolution for con-
sideration at this time. No objection being
made, it is before the Senate, and the question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment be
read, so that .we may see whether it comes in
| properly.
The Secretary. The resolution, if amended
as proposed, will read, in its first and fourth
clauses, as follows:
1. What amount was paid by the United State? for
special counsel employed to assist the Attorney Gen-
eral in oases dopending before tho Supreme Court of
the UriiUd States for the years ending June 30,1865,
June 30,1866, and June 30,1S67.
4. The amount paid for the years ending Juno
30, I860. June 30,1866, and June 30,1867, for assistance
rendered to the district attorneys.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is right, if it is
satisfactory to the Senator from New York. I
accept the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is so modified by the mover. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 12(5) changing the time of holding
the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED HILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
