1867:
THE CO.VG.I(IOSSt<)N.VTj GLOBE.
107
No. US) to provide for the changing of names
of pr""«ou« in 'ho district of Columbia: and it
\ra- "here ipnn viijiu'd bv the President pro
ten>p of the Senate.
r.rpKAL ok a tu r.k.
M r. (5 111 M ES. I oiler this order, which can
lie on the tabic until to-uiorrow:
Or.f-r.-i/, i'hnt tho f<rty-ou-iuh sumlini rule of the
Senate bo,  in<i I ho same is hereb>, repealed.
The fortv-eiglitii rule is the ono that excludes
persons from the lioor of the Senate. I am in
favor of either having free trade in that regard
or of enforcing the rule.
The PKESIDEN T pro tempore. The reao-
lution  i-' Ii«* over.
1HHWK RESOM'TION REFERRED.
The joint resolution III. R. No. l'-3^ changing
the time of holding the annual meeting of the
stockholders of tLie Union Pacific Railroad
Company was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific llailroail.
COTTON TAX.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no farther
morning business I move to take up the cotton
bii!, as it is called. which was reported from the
Committee on Finance the other day.
Mr. TRI M BULL. Before passing upon
that 1 should like to inquire of the Senator
from Ohio if we cannot take up and dispose of
the resolution in regard to captured and aban-
doned cotton this morning? I fear if we take
up this cotton tax bill it may consume the day.
That resolution was put over the other day in
cimP'KKieuce of the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] claiming the floor. I was anx-
ious to have it disposed of at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmi kds] has an amendment which
he deMres to oTer to that resolution, and I do
no: see him in his seat at present; but I think it
is a matter of more immediate importance that
the cotton tax should be disposed of, and I will
then call up that resolution immediately after-
ward. The Senator from Vermont really has the
charge of that now. because he has au amend-
ment pending, and he is not in his seat. I
think it better that my motion should prevail
and that we should dispose of the cotton tax.
That ought to be disposed of, for grave public
reasons, before the holidays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand it, the
repeal of the cotton tax applies to the crop of
next year and not 'hat of this season.
M r. SHKRMAX. As I stated to the Senate
in debate the other day, it is shown by a great
number of persons that contracts are made
immediately after Christmas, and the repeal
or modification of this tax will regulate the
making of those contracts for the employment
of liamb. Every farmer or planter must de-
termine how many acres of cotton, how many
acres of corn, &c., he will plant. That is what
these gentlemen state, and it is important,
with that view, to have the cotton question
settled before the holidays.
M r. T R U M B ULL. The Senator from Ohio
wiil not understand me as being opposed to the
consideration of the bill repealing the tax on
cotton, or as being opposed to the measure
itself. I am for it. But this other matter was
under consideration the other day, and I do
not suppose it will take a very great deal of
the time of the Senate. I desire to submit
some remarks upon it in reply to what was
said by Senators when it was up before, when
we were cut off by the special order, under
which the Senator from Maryland claimed the
floor, and it was understood at that time that
we would take it up on Monday. I think the
Senator from Ohio himself insisted on its going
oyer until to-day. On a mere question of the
precedence of business I am not disposed to
enter into controversy and take up time on
the question as to which shall be taken up;
but 1 thought we could get through this other
Blatter possibly in the morning hour. If the
Senator persists in his motion I shall with-
draw ray opposition to it.
Tho PRESI DENT pro iempr>re. The qnos- tj
tion is on hiking up the hill in relation to the
tax on cotton.
The motion was agreed to; mid the Semite,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (11. R. No. l!i>7) to
provide for the exemption of cotton from inter-
nal tax.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to amend the bill
by adding:
And tho erop prnwn 111 the year 1RG7 kIikII also bo
exempt from the soul tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
offer a proviso, to come in at the end of the
hill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment, of the Senator
from Maryland: but this amendment may be
read for information.
The Secretary read the proposed proviso, as
follows:
Provided, Thnt from and nfter the ljt dny of April,
1&58. rotton. r;iw. imported from foreign, countries,
shall be exempt tiom duly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be ob-
vious to the Senate that, if tho bill shall pass, this
amendment is a proper one. The tax having
been imposed upon domestic cotton and the
duty upon foreign cotton at the same time, if
one is repealed the other ought to be repealed,
of course, at the same time.
But, Mr. President, the edict seems to have
gone forth that this tax shall be repealed. The
Speaker of the House has already promised
that, and our large-hearted friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson*] has promised it; and
a very considerable number of other gentle-
men, it may be presumed, are already com-
mitted to a repeal of this tax. and I do not
expect to retard its repeal for more than about
twenty minutes. I know that our chairman of
the Committee on Finance 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think I
have said nothing yet that deserves an explana-
tion.
! Mr. WILSON. The Senator said that I
promised its repeal. I simply said that I
should vote for its repeal.
Mr. MOItliILL, ot Vermont. I know that
our chairman of the Committee on Finance,
with that credituble diligence for which he is
j so distinguished, will rush this bill through. I
I wouid not even attempt to retard it for the time
| that I now propose if I did not consider that
it was a subject that was worthy of the consid-
eration of statesmen.
What is the project? It is that we shall at
one blow strike from the Treasury $27,500,000
for the next year, and so on, releasing this
important source of revenue for all coming
time, and that without having the whole sub-
ject before us to consider whether we can spare
I the money or not, or whether we can spare
, this large sum best from this source or some
other.
It may be said that the South are clamoring
for the repeal of the tax on cotton. Is there
any less clamor in the West, or the North or
the East for a repeal of taxation? I deny it.
I say there is as much urgency for a relief from
taxation in the North, the East, and the West
as in the South. Look at the industries that
are at the present moment unusually depressed.
Take, for instance, the entire woolen interest.
There is not an establishment that is not losing
money to-day. Take the wool-grower ; not a
i pound of wool raised last year that will bring
! within ten cents per pound of its cost. Take
; the cotton interest; the whole circle of manu-
factures are in no better circumstances. Look
at the value of their stocks; lor instance, take
the Bates manufacturing stock of Maine, worth
two years ago one hundred and sixty cents on
| the dollar, now there are more sellers than
| buyers at one hundred. Take the Lyman mills
on the Connecticut, worth two years ago ninety-
eight to one hundred, now selling at sixty-
nine or less; and so I might go on almost
W
through the whole list. They all suffer. Take
the West—Ohio, Illinois, or Iowa—look at their
hog erop. Why, if they had given a.u:iy all
their hogs, or if they had slaughte-ed them a
year ago and thrown theni away, th--\ would
have been better off to-day. They have abso
lutely lost their hog crop by feeding out grain
to them, which unfed would have brought
more than all their pork. And yet we propose
to take up this subject without any considera-
tion of whether we can spare thr money or
not, withoutany consideration of whether there
are other subjects more demanding relief, and
on the spur of the moment rush it through the
Senate.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to tho tax
there is another consideration. By it we raise
$'27.">00,000, and there is $'.1,000,000 of that
and not more, as I think, which comes out of
our own people ; the whole of tho balance, as I
contend and as I think I shall be able to show,
comes out of foreigners; and yet we throw
away this opportunity of placing $'.27,500,000
in the Treasury when it will only subject our
own people to a tax of $9,000,000—we do not
consume over one third of the whole product—
and of this the South only pays $3,000,000,
for they certainly do not use more than one
third of the cotton consumed in this country,
and yet it is pretended that the southern peo-
ple are all up in arms in relation to having
this tax repealed. Who is it that comes here?
The main portion of this crop is now raised
by rebels; not over a quarter of it is raised by
loyal men, and will not be for years to come.
We grant amnesty to the rebels; we free them
from confiscation, to which I have no objec-
tion ; we suspend the direct tax in good part;
we hang none of them ; and now they come up
here and ask us to relieve them entirely from
taxation ; and, forsooth, we are all expected to
rush on pell-mell to grant even this request. I
dfi not understand it. If we do it we may as
well call home all our revenue officers, for we
j shall not have much more revenue from the
I South than to pay their salaries,
j Mr. President, I do not want to have it
understood that I am in favor of any oppressive
1 measures upon the South : far from it. I am
in favor of doing something that will revive
the industry of the whole people of the South ;
and yet it seems to me that we are about to
throw away the only opportunity that we shall
ever have to confer lasting benefits, to revive and
fructify the South by giving them an opportu-
nity to diversify their interests.. If we are to
doom that people in the South to be merely
growers of cotton for all coming time, they are.
to be a people cursed with poverty and imbe-
cility, as they have been in the past under the
dominion of slavery. Unless we can give an
opportunity for a larger proportion of the
.people in the South to engage in active, indus-
trial, profitable employments than that which
can be in cotton growing alone, I say they will
remain forever poor; they will not add that
proportion of strength to the country that they
ougnt to add. For one, I am in favor of giv-
ing an opportunity for the poof whites to have
some employment besides going into the field
and raising cotton. If we can only diversify
their industrial pursuits so as to give them a
chance to go about something else, and to em-
ploy capital to double the value of the raw
material and double our exports, as we may,
we shall accomplish an important result. I
say that it is wrong for New York, Pennsylva-
nia, New Jersey, and the East to insist upon
monopolizing the entire manufacturing inter-
ests of this country. Scatter them broadcast
and the country will support them with greater
unanimity.
I say it is equally wrong for the West to
insist upon continuing exclusively to grow
grain, corn, hogs, &c., to supply the Soufh or
the North. In the end it will exhaust them.
Why, Mr. President, it was only forty years
ago that we in the East derived the main part,
of our breadstufifs from New York. The Gen-
esee wheat and flour was about the only flour
