1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gress, and therefore it was not, and could not,
be taken away. That was the effect of that
decision.
Mr. HENDERSON. They decided that it
was not only against the deed of cession, but
also against the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see the force of
that case. It has not been very well stated by
the Senator from Vermont, and I will not pur-
sue it further. But even if the Supreme Court
had at that day made a decision from which an
inference of that kind could be drawn I do not
think it should be strictly followed, inasmuch
as it iiuide other declarations about the same
time and subsequent to that which are as much
in conflict with the present theories of govern-
ment. If we were to follow its dicta outside
of the question that arose in that case or in the
Dred Scoty case we should find quicksands
plenty. I think I was substantially right in my
assertion that Congress has been in the con-
stant habit, both before the ease mentioned
and sines the admission of Alabama, in the
admission of other States, of putting in more
or less conditions. 1 looked into that question
last year, and I believe a compact of some
kind was entered into in the admission of every
State which 1 examined, and I examined them
all. If it had been so clear a proposition that
Congress could make no conditions at the time
of admission, or that if made they were of no
value, it seems to me that putting condition&in
would be an idle thing, and yet each Congress
admitting new States has been repeating this
matter of conditions. If the Supreme Court
had held that there could be no compact made
at the time of admission, if that case had cov-
ered the whole ground, it seems to me we have
been acting in plain violation of it ever since.
In the case of Nevada there were substantial
fundamental conditions ; and so in the case of
Missouri ; so in the case of Nebraska, relating
to the same subject-matter, to the question of
personal liberty ; and cases with regard to the
question of taxation are very numerous.
While 1 did not see that the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri is so materially bet-
ter than the original bill, I could not allow it
to be said that there was no propriety in put-
ting declarations of principle in the acts admit-
ting States ; that there was no propriety in
them ; that they were a perfect nullity, and
that, they bound nobody, when I know that as
a general rule they have been respected ; and
hence it is of some value to make such declara-
tions. Although I admit, with the Senator
from Indiana, that it might not authorize Con-
gress to interfere, it would be notice to the
State not to violate tli^se principles, or Con-
gress might be compelled to interfere. It would
be a notice to the State of what was ex-
pected of it; that is, good faith to the citizens
that organized the constitution. Thus far I
think it would be valuable. I undertake to say
that the State might go so far in the way of
denying suffrage to its citizens as to substan-
tially change the form of government, and then
it would be the duty of Congress, under that
clause of the Constitution which requires the
Government of the United States to guaranty
to each State a republican form of government,
to interfere.
Mr. BUCKALEW obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from Penn- S
gylvania will pardon me for one moment, I
wish to read a very brief extract from this
opinion, as a question of fact has arisen here.
I road from the opinion of the court, page 222
of the volume in my hand, in the case of Pol-
lard's Lessee vs. Hagan et al.:
" When Alabama was admitted into the Union on
an equal touting with the original States she suc-
cecde t to all the rights of sovereignty, jurisdiction,
mid eminent domain which Georgia possessed at the
dote of ihc cession, except so far as thi? right was
diminished by the public lands remaining in the
Ijosse^ion and undei the control of the United
States, for temporary purposes provided foi in the
deed of cession and the legislative acts connected
with it. Nothing lemained to the United States,
according to the terms of the agreement, bat the pub-
lie lands. And if an express stipulation had been
inserted in the agreement, granting the municipal
right of sovereignty and eminent domain to the Uni-
ted States, such stipulation would have been void and
inoperative, because the United States have no con-
stitutional capacity to exerciso municipal jurisdic-
tion, sovereignty, or eminent domain within the
limits of a State or elsewhere, except in the cases in
which it is expressly granted."
That is, granted by the Constitution of the
United States, of course. But again:
"The right of Alabama and every other new State
to exercise ail the powers of government which bo-
long to and may be exercised by the original States
of the Union must be admitted and remain unques-
tioned, except so fur as they are, temporarily, de-
prived of control over the public lands.'"
Reading from the opinion of the court still,
I will only intrude upon the Senator long
enough to read another brief passage.
Mr. STEWART. What page?
Mr. CONKLING. Page 402, although this
is the condensed report, and hence the paging
may rather mislead than aid the Senator.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the marginal
page ?
Mr. CONKLING. The marginal page is
229:
" The declaration, therefore, contained in the com-
pact entered into between them when Alabama was
admitted into the Union, J that all navigable waters
within the said State shall forever remain public
highways, free to the citizens of said State and of
the United States, without any tax, duty, impost, or
toll thereior imposed by the said State,' would be
void if inconsistent with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. But is this provision repugnant to the
Constitution ? By the eighth section of the first arti-
cle of the. Constitution power is granted to Congress
'to regulate commerce with foreign nations and
among the several States.' If, in the exerciso of this
power. Congress can impose the same restrictions
upon the original States in relation to their naviga-
ble rivers as are imposed by this article of the com-
pact on the State of Alabama, then this article is a
mere regulation of commerce among the several
States, according to the Constitution, and, therefore,
as binding on the other States as Alabama."
Now, I think that that is pretty much to the
purpose, and it is thus applied to this case: if
the Congress of the United States have the
right, speaking for all the States, to make a
general regulation quoad suffrage or quoad nav-
igable streams, then they may make it in the
case of any State, but no more because that
State is a recent comer than in the case of a
State long a dweller within the Union. I think
the reasoning of the court must be conceded to
mean that. As I said before, (for I do not
wish to mistake this authority,) the effect of it
is impaired by the fact that there were points
in judgment upon which the court could have
made the ease turn without deciding this par-
ticular proposition ; but there it is imbedded
in the reasoning of the judge who gave the'
opinion, speaking for the whole court except
those judges who dissented, as the report
shows.
Mr. STEWART. I shall trouble the Sen-
ate but a moment longer. I think the portion
of the decision read by the Senator from New
York bears out precisely the declaration that I
made at the outset, that compacts in harmony
with the Constitution of the United States had
usually been observed in good faith. Of course,
a compact made in conflict with the Constitu-
tion would be entirely void, and the judge in
this obiter dictum, says:
"Thedeclaration, therefore, contained in the com-
pact entcied into between them when Alabama was
admitted into the Union, ' that nil navigable waters
within the said State shall forever remain public
highways, fiee to the citizens of said State and of
the United States, without any tax, duty, impost, or
toll therefor, imposed by the said State,' would be
void if inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States."
He says a compact of this kind, inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States,
would be void; and in another part of the
decision that the Senator read he says that the
municipal jurisdiction properly belonging to a
State could not be ceded. Of course not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if my friend will
allow me, does not that confront this question
of law, or lhct, or both, to wit: whether the
question of-suffrage and its control is one that
the State can cede away, as he expresses it; in
other words, a subject-matter of which the
Constitution gives the Congress of the United
States jurisdiction. Do we not come back to
that question at last?
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator had paid a
little at tention to my remarks he would have
seen that my position is perfectly consistent
with the Constitution and with this authority
on that subject. I say that the regulation of
suffrage is with the States. That is clear; but
the exclusion of all men from suffrage is not
within that regulation by the States.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not?
Mr. STEWART. Because the Constitution
expressly delegates to the Government of the
United States the power to secure to each State
a republican form of government; and when-
ever they abuse any of the functions which are-
legitimately State functions so as to be in con-
flict with that provision of the Constitution, it
is the duty of the Congressof the United States
to interfere. Therefore I say that neither the
question of suffrage nor any other question is
exclusively within the power of a State. It
may be abused to such an extent as to require
the General Government to interfere.
Mr. CONKLING. If theSenator will permit
me further, I think now he is making a very
logical argument, whatever it may be worth,
that the guarantee clause of the Constitution
finds a time and a place to which it applies.
The question is, whether that helps him here.
If it be said that Congress, under the guarantee
clause, is bound to interpose when black men,
for example, are excluded unless they are worth
a certain sum of money, because that govern-
ment has ceased to be republican, then I wish
to know why this is not true: suppose a certain
State coming here has in its constitution a
provision that all women with black eyes and
black hair shall vote, but no others, why, as a
question of power, have we not the same right
to interpose and say, " this is anti-republican ;
here is a distinction wholly arbitrary, wholly
oppressive ; there is no reason why a person
with a certain colored hair or eyes should vote
rather than another, and we must interpose
for that reason?" Why is it, in other words,
that, we find the particular point at which the
guarantee clause begins to operate when we
come to a point where a State is inclined to
say " men of a certain color shall not vote in
this State unless they are freeholders to the
amount of $250," for example? Why does
that, more than the other case which I put,
demand action under the guarantee clause I
Mr. STEWART. We do not preteud to de-
termine at what point Congress should inter-
fere under the authority of the guarantee clause.
That will be 1'or a future Congress when the
question comes up. That there are times when
it should interfere theSenator from New York
now admits.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Every man who reads the
Constitution must admit tfiat there may be
times when the Congress should interfere upon
the question of suffrage. 1 do not preteud to
say that the insertion of this declaration in the
bill will alter either the constitution of the State
or of the General Government, it ia a notice,
however, to these parties; it is a compact; it
is a declaration of principle, which has gener-
ally been respected. Such a declaration has
not been decided to be unconstitutional or void,
except upon the ground that a provision could
be put iu which would be in conflict with the
Constitution of the United Stales. A provision
of this kind is certainly not in conflict with the
Constitution ot the United States, and cannot
| be declared void. A principle of this kind, a
compact in harmony with the Constitution, has
never been declared void. Such compacts hava
been respected to some extent: and they would
only be declared void by reason of conflict, with
the Constitution of the United States, because
! that is the only instrument by which the laws
of the United States are to be tested. A com-
pact that is in harmony with the Constitution
of the United States, I say, is raluablc as a
I declaration of principle, as a notice to thes'J
! States that tliev shall not deprive their citizens
' of the right of suffrage. I do not say that it
' gives Congressau additional power to interfere,
i but it might be an additional reason for inter-
