1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85029
Not at all; there will be
I have a word to say;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont object to the consider-
ation of the resolution?
Mr. EDIIUNDS. Yes, sir. Iwantittogo
over until to-morrow and be printed. I have
no objection to my friend from California mak-
ing his suggestion.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no objection, I
presume, to my making the motion and to dis-
posing of it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tlie trouble is that it will
lead to debate.
Mr. CONNESS.
no debate whatever.
Mr. ANTHONY.
but not to debate it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from Vermont object to its present
consideration ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I yield the floor to the
chairman of the Committee on Printing first.
Mr. ANTHONY. I prefer to hear what the
Senator has to say about it.
Mr. CONNESS. That will be on my motion
to refer.
Mr. ANTHONY. "Well, Mr. President,
this is a resolution from the Committee on
Public Lands which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and the Committee on
Printing reported a substitute for it, and now
it is proposed to refer it back to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I simply wish the
Senate to understand it.
Mr. CONNESS. _ The condition of the
case is this : there is a proposition to print
a given number of the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office with cer-
tain maps accompanying that report. Under
the standing rules of the Senate the proposi-
tion to print an extra number had necessarily
to be referred to the Committee on Public
Printing. That committee now report in
favor of a very restricted publication, in my
opinion, not one consistent with the highest
public interests. I do not mean in saying that
to make any condemnation of the committee
afc this time. But it is a question necessarily
involving high considerations, and I desire,
and I do not think the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Printing should object to
that, that the Committee on Public Lands
shall have the consideration of the question.
They can probably report to-morrow or the
day after, and then we can act upon the re-
port. Therefore, I submit now a motion to
refer the matter to the Committee on Public
Lands, that they may consider this report.
Mr. STEWART. I should like that sug-
gestion to be carried out. 1 have some amend-
ments on my table, and I desire to have those
amendments considered by the Committee on
Public Lands. The resolution was formerly
considered by that committee, and I should
like to have them consider the amendments.
I hope it will be referred to that committee,
and they can report it back at an early hour,
perhaps to-morrow morning, after consultation.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
any disposition^the Senate chooses to make of
this matter. This is a resolution for printing
extra copies of a document which is altogether
the most expensive document presented to the
Senate at this session. The printing of it,
according to the resolution of the Committee
on Public Lands, would cost from one hun-
dred to one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars. The Committee on Printing have
reported, as the Senator from California justly
says, a very restricted resolution, cutting it
down, I suppose, at least nine tenths. Now,
, the proposition of the Senator from California
! is to refer this economical resolution to the
same committee that reported the more expens-
ive one. I have no objection; but I do not
want, when it comes up, that the question
shall be taken out of the hands of the Com-
mittee on Printing and given over to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I do not want any-
thing done when the Committee on Public
Lands are not aware of it.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not my object.
My object is to save the time of the Senate.
There are a great many facts to be stated
which may be considered and collated in the
Committee on Public Lands, and we may suve
much time by that course.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, that
committee will of course report in favor of
printing some additional copies, and by a rule
of the Senate, and by a law of Congress which
the Senate cannot suspend, although it very
often assumes to do so, that report must go
back to the Committee on Printing. When
the Committee on Public Lands make their
report it must by law go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. STEWART. Then I will simply ask
that that matter lie over until I consult the
members of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, I do not object to
the reference ; I only wish the Senate to under-
stand what it means.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Sena-
tor that the object is not to get an additional
number recommended by the Committee on
Public Lands, and that committee will prob-
ably not take that course, but they will offer, as
they would to day, the amendments that they
will propose. They desire to have the subject
considered; that is all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; let it go.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to refer this report to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint res-
olution No. ISO, excluding from the Electoral
College votes of States lately in rebellion which
shall not have been reorganized.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us go through the
morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason why I ask to
have this resolution taken up now is that it is
a measure of such a nature that I feel quite
sure it will require at least ten days—not to
make any offensive or unparliamentary re-
mark—at least ten days to pass it, after we
shall have once considered it, and therefore it
ought to be acted upon one way or the other
now. That is all I wish to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent to
consider the resolution indicated by him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
Senator to allow me to call up a bill of some
interest, which I have charge of, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to faking up the
measure indicated by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
being objected to cannot be entertained at the
present time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill,
No. 486.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall go through
the morning business first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to taking up the bill mentionedby the
Senator from Indiana?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
cannot now be taken up.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to take
up House bill No. 1129, which is a short bill,
and will take but little time. It is for the
relief of the widow of Colonel Mulligan. I
hope nobody will object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel obliged to object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
being objected to cannot now be entertained.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to suspend all
prior orders, and take up the bill to which I
referred, Senate bill No. 486.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro.tempore. Under our
new rules a motion to take up a bill is not in
order, except by unanimous consent, during
the preeenlation of morning business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
of committees are in order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Todd, reported it without amendment.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
202) to create the office of surveyor general in
the Territory of Utah, and establish a land
office in said Territory, and extend the home-
stead and preemption laws over the same, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred t.o the Committee oil
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move now that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 1129.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be done, except by unanimous consent, until the
morning busirfess is through with.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further reports of committees the present-
ation of resolutions will be in order.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to direct
tlio heads of the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment to promulgate t.he law limiting the hours
of labor, recently enacted, with such regulations as
will lead to an immediate compliance with tho law.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 139, the same that I mentioned
before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That re-
quires unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are not resolutions through
with?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
know. If there be no further reports of com-
mittees the introduction of bills and joint reso-
lutions is in order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1129.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That requires unanimous
consent as much as mine did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There seema
to be no further morning business.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to submit a motion.
I move that Friday next, after one o'clock, be
set apart for the consideration of business per-
taining to the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
780, for the relief of Martha M. Jones, admin-
istratrix of Samuel T. Jones. I will then yield
to any morning business for a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ino business is not through with.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Chair to put the
motion, and then, if it prevails, I will yield for
the morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Half a
dozen Senators on the floor have submitted
similar motions. We must go through with
the morning business.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a report here from
the War Office in response to a resolution of
the Senate passed some time since. 1 move
that the report be printed.
