82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Niblach.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
he was on our side and we felt it to be our
duty to stand by him, right or wrong. [Great
laughter.] Now, in view of ail these facts,
we on this side cannot do otherwise than
feel an interest in all the gentleman says and
does. The eyes of this side of the House, if
not of the world, are upon the gentleman, and
we carefully watch all his utterances. Hence
the importance to us of the positions he as-
sumes and of the arguments which he advances
in this great discussion. Sir, he has returned
to Ins first love, and we have no longer any
claims upon him. We part sadly, but still we
must part. [Laughter.]
I beg leave to call the attention of the gen-
tleman to one other position which he has
taken. If I remember correctly, lie asserted
in his opening argument on this question that
H was preposterous to insist that the people
of the southern States, of these disorganized
States, had any power to ratify the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery or any
other amendment to the Constitution. He said
they were disorganized States, and were not
entitled to any voice upon any amendment to
the Constitution, simply because they had not
the^ power to act as organized States of the
Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
^ Mr. NIBLACK. 1 would gladly do so if my
time can be extended; but I have but little
time left now.
I am sure no objection
will be made to extending the time of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. If that can be done I will
have no objection to yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the gentle-
man's time be extended.
No objection was made.
Mr. NIBLACK. I now yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. BINGHAM. I may be unfortunate in
not being understood. But I venture to say
that the gentleman will find no such expres-
sion of opinion in any utterance of mine as that
the people of the southern States have no
power to ratify a constitutional amendment.
My point is simply this: that they are not
fetates lor municipal purposes, and have no
political voice or power in the Union while
they remain disoi'gunized for that or for any
other purpose; yet, while that is true, they
may organize their governments territorially,
without any enabling acts of Congress, and
may ratify the pending constitutional amend-
ment. And, in accordance with one of the
most solemn and well-considered opinions ever
rendered in America, that ratification becomes
valid by relation whenever Congress recog-
nizes their reorganization as valid State gov-
ernments.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman certainly
said with great earnestness that these States
had no authority to vote upon this question
of the ratification of the pending amendment
to the Constitution in their present disorgan-
ized condition. That, I understand, was the
position assumed by the gentleman; and I
think if lie will refer to his speech lie will find
Jhat I am justified in making that quotation
from his argument. And, indeed, his explana-
tion, after all, amounts to a repetition of that,
assertion.
Now, I ask the gentleman—and I do not ask
him to answer me now; be can do go when
lie conies to close the discussion on this bill—
u hat greater validity had the government of
iennessee as a State government immediately
before her admission into the Union than has
the government of any other of these disor-
ganized States?
_ It was reorganized under a proclamation
issued by executive authority without any ena-
bling act, without any act of the legislative
authority—by executive power alone, under
H. scheme of reconstruction inaugurated and
carried forward by Mr. Lincoln in his lifetime.
1 he State, however, elected representatives to
the -Ihirty-NintliCongress, who presented them-
selves for admission. An act was subsequently
passed readmitting Tennessee into the Union
or declaring the Slate restored to her relations
to the Union, and allowing her to be again rep-
resented on this floor and in the other end of
the Capitol as before the war.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman voted for
that.
Mr. NIBLACK. I did not. I did not think
the State needed any readiuission, and hence
voted against it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one ofthe reasons assigned
for acknowledging Tennessee to be restored to
her former relations to the General Govern-
ment was that she had ratified the constitu-
tional amendment. If I am not mistaken that
bill was drafted by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Binoham] himself. At all events I know
that he was its leading advocate on this floor.
I ask that that act, including the preamble, be
read by the Clerk.
_Mr. BINGHAM. The preamble is no part
of the act.
Mr. NIBLACK. It gives the reasons of the
act and is explanatory of it.
'1 he Clerk read as follows:
"Joint resolution restoring Tcnneasooto her rela-
tion (o tlio Union:
Whereas in the vcar 18G1 the government of the
State ot Icuncssee was seized upon and taken pos-
sesion id by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants oi said State, in pursuance of un
act ot Congress, were declared to be in a state of in-
surrection against tiie United States; and whereas
said state government can only bo restored to its
former political letations in the Union by the con-
sent ot the law-making power of the United States;
and whereas the people of saul State did on the 22d
day ot .February, ISO'S, by a largo popular vote adopt
and rntily a constitution ot government whereby
slavery was abolished, and nil ordinances and laws
ot secession and debts contracted under the same
were declared void; and whereas a State govern-
ment lias been oigatiized under said constitution,
which has latified the amendment to the Constitu-
tion ot the United States abolishing slavery.atso tho
amendment pioposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and has done other acts proclaiming and denoting
loyalty: i. herclore, *
"lie it resolved b uthc Senate and limine of Ileprenenta-
'■1,'// "" r tea ui Coup revs unxein-
tiyrsotthe United State,
bted, lliut the State of Tennessee is hereby restored
to horiol'mer proper, practical relations to the Union,
and is again entitled to be represented by Senators
and Kcproaentatives in Congress.
Appiovcd July 21, 1SGG."
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have had
this act read to the House for the purpose of
confirming my ^assertion that all that Congress
has done 011 this subject has been mere patch-
work, mere mosaic, mere temporizing, without
any well defined principle or policy. Then it
was conceded that J cnuessee had the power to
latiiy tho amendment, and it being claimed
that she had done so haste was made lo pro-
claim her restored to her place in the Union, so
as to encourage other Stales to do likewise and
to be also restored. Now, however, the same
men claim that these lately rebellious States
have 110 such power of ratification at all, and
nothing whatever to do with it. Were ever
men more inconsistent and less mindful of
their pledges? When the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress first assembled 110 pretense was made that
Lliese reorganized southern State governments
were not governments for most purposes—at
least for local folate purposes. Though many
questions were raised as to the manner in which
those States had been reorganized, yet that
they were reorganized very few, if anybody,
denied. At the time the amendment to the
Constitution ofthe United States was proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress it seemed to be
generally conceded that those governments
were competent to ratify that constitutional
amendment, or that, at all events, it should be
submitted to them for their action one way or
the other; and the manner in which this amend-
ment should be received by those State gov-
ernments was by a sort of common consent I
believe, of the majority here to be regarded as i
a test of the loyalty 01-disloyalty of their people. I
The impression was sent out pretty generally
that if the States lately in rebellion would
accept that constitutional amendment they
should at once be restored to their constitutional
relations to the General Government. To be
sure, the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] aud some others pro-
tested against this construction. But the pop-
ular construction—the construction on which
the campaign of I860 was fought—was that
whenever those States should adopt that amend-
ment they should be entitled to complete resto-
ration. The legislation since adopted by Con-
gress is conceded by most of its friends to be
harsh and exceptional in its character, but the
usual apology for it is that those States have
refused to ratify the constitutional amendment
when submitted to them, and that therefore it
became the duty of Congress to adopt some
more harsh and extreme measure.
Sir, if these States had no power to ratify
this last proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion why tho mockery of submitting it to them?
Why ask them to do it; and, more than all, why
punish the people of those States for not doing
1L ? It is, I submit, all an after-thought; a
mere pretense, and a lame and impotent one at
that, for this cruel, unprecedented and revolu-
tionary legislation which has since followed.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixuiiam]
intimates that these disorganized States ought
to have gone through with the formality of a
ratification of this amendment and to have left it
to Congress to vitalize and approve their action.
Sir, if that was the true mode of piocednre,
why did not Congress point it out in advance?
Why leave it a matter of construction, of doubt,
and uncertainty? Why this wriggling and uncer-
tainly upon a great and paramount question'?
Congress declared that when three fourths of
the Legislatures of all the States should ratify
the proposed amendment it should become a
part of the Constitution. Nothing was then
said as to the incapacity of the Legislature of
any State to ratify it. Nothing was then said
about the necessity of further action of Congress
upon it; nothing about that vitalizing process
of which the gentleman speaks.
Mr. Speaker, I assert, but I do it with sad-
ness and mortification, that this constant shift-
ingand evasion, this continuousflyingfrom one
pietext to anothcrfor failing to do a plain duty,
and the better to conceal what wc are really
tiying to accomplish, is most discreditable to
Congress and unworthy a great people like ours.
Whatever we may do heie, aud especially in
matters that pertain to the integrity and veiy
hie of the Government, ought to be boldly,
squarely, and frankly done.
But it is insisted that under that clause in the
Constitution which provides that the United
States shall guaranty to each State a republican
form ol government, known sometimes as the
guarantee clause, Congress may do what is con-
templated by this bill. I will not now attempt
to discuss the power of Congress under that
clause at any length. This has already been
done, and done thoroughly, by my coflei.true
• i\' X^EniiJ and others who have preceded *me
in this deoate. This provision, in my jud"-
PrTUpi,0SeS that ° e of-
the old States had a republican form of <w-
ernmcnt when the Federal Constitution was
lv«™ ' fc eacil nen' Stat0 would
hare a government republican in form before
and at the time of its admission into the Union.
J° ^ec cer^ainbf was only to preserve these
f ernments from subversion and destruction—
o guaranty their continued existence, subject
of course to the power of the people of the
fe ates to amend them from time lo time if they
ehose, without destroying their republican
orm. n was certainly never contemplated
tnat under this clause Oongress, or indeed all
ie departments of the Government combined;
could overthrow the existing government in
any btate so long as it remains republican in
lorm, lo assertthat thepowertoguaranty the
