26D&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
fering if they broke the faith of the pledge that
the State made when it came in. As it is cus-
tomary to put these provisions in constitutions,
as they were putin the constitution ot'my State
and of other States, it would certainly be an
additional reason for interfering.
I see no objection to the declaration in the
bill as it came from the House or to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri. I am not
so particular as to the form, because I believe,
after all, if Congress does interfere, it will be
because it has the fundamental right to do so
under, that clause of the Constitution which
says that the Government of the United States
shall guaranty to each State a republican form
of government.- Therefore, I think, for the
purpose of serving notice, for the purpose of
good faith, that perhaps the bill as it came from
the House is just as well as it stands.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the Senator
concludes, I desire to ask him a question. I
observe that the second section of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution is in these
words:
"Sec. 2. Representatives shall bo apportioned
among tiie several States, according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number ot per-
sons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed.
But when the right to vote at any election for the
choice of clcctors for President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants of such, being twenty-one
years of age and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation m re-
bellion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which
the uumbcr of such male citizens shall bear to the
whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of
ago m such State."
Now, we make it a condition-precedent to
the admission of Representatives upon this
floor and in the sther House from the State
of Arkansas that the Legislature of that State
shall have adopted this constitutional amend-
ment. This amendment clearly permits the
State'to exclude, for any reason whatever, the
male inhabitants of the State from the suf-
frage. It only requires that, if they are ex-
cluded, the State shall lose proportionately its
representation in Congress. That is the pen-
alty. If we impose a fundamental condition
requiring that everybody shall vote, and also
another fundamental condition that the State
shall adopt, before it is admitted to represent-
ation, a constitutional amendment, which, in
words, permits them to discriminate between
individuals, let me ask the Senator what sort
of a condition we shall be in, and which is to
be the paramount authority?
Mr. STEW ART. I will reply to that in one
word.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I gave way sometime
since to the Senator from New York and the
Senator from Nevada to settle the question of
the decision of the Supreme Court upon the
case of Alabama. I understand that now a
new question is about to be debated, and I am
inclined to claim the tloor.
Mr. STEWART, I ask the Senator to give
way for a moment to enable me to answer the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator wants
to make a single remark, I will do so.
Mr. STEWART. I wish merely to answer
that question, and I do it for the purpose of
enlightening the Senator from Missouri, be-
cause I feel abundantly able to do it. I sup-
pose that that provision in the constitutional
amendment was not intended to authorize any
State to deny ail its citizens the right of suffrage.
1 do not suppose that that provision of the
constitutional amendment imposing a penalty
in ease the right of suffrage should be abiidged,
intended to sanction the denial of the suffrage
altogether in any Stato.
Mr. HENDERSON. It expressly grants
the power.
Mr. STEWART. It does not do, it ex-
pressly; but only by implication. It only
imposes a penalty in case that there is a denial
of suffrage.
Mr. CONKLING. What class of case does
it. give them power to deny it in?
Mr. STB-WART. It does not give them
power t.o deny it to any class. It says that iri
case of a denial there shall be a certain pun-
ishment. You might as well say, because there
is a law on the statute-book, that if a man com-
mitted murder he should beliung, therefore that
it gives him a right to commit murder. That
is about a parallel case. I do not think, there-
fore, that it affirmatively disposes of that pro-
vision in the Constitution which authorizes the
Government of the United States to interfere
in case a State government is subverted by
denying the right of suffrage to a majority of
its citizens. It only adds one remedy in case
the republican principle is violated with regard
to any class. I do not think it changes the
general principle that the Government of the
United States must see that each State has a
republican form of government..
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I feel
no interest in the question which is under
debate between the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri and the bill as reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary. In either form
I am against this proposed imposition of a dis-
qualifying or disabling clause upon a State of
this Union. What I desire to speak to, how-
ever, is a very important question, and I shall
say but a few words upon it. I understand
that the two vital, legal conditions upon which
States ate admitted into this Union are these:
first, that the Stato admitted shall have a
republican form of government, and in the
next place that it shall be admitted on an equal
footing (as the old and familiar expression is)
with all the other States.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania allow me to make an in-
quiry of him at that point?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will
excuse me, 1 shall be done in a few moments,
and will then answer his question.
Now, sir, these propositions have largely
undergone debate in Congress and in the courts,
and 1 had thought, until within a few years
past, that they were so well established in our
political system, so fixed and certain, that
nobody would be found hardy enough to ques-
tion them. But, sir, a mischievous precedent
was put upon the statute-book when Missouri
was admitted, which has been misconceived,
and therefore it is that within a few years past
we have had two cases where Congress has
made what I must regard as invalid compacts
with Stales about being admitted; I mean the
cases of Nebraska and Nevada.
The resolution of Congress when Missouri
was admitted was adopted for the purpose of
putting that State upon an equality with the
others. Why, how manifest that is! If the
State of Missouri, under her constitution, could
exercise authority to prohibit the free entrance
of citizens of other States within her borders,
she would enjoy a right and a power that no
other State enjoyed. She would, therefore,
come into the GTnion with a privilege or power
denied to all the rest by the Constitution of
the United States. That was one view. The
other view was, that if the Constitution of the
United States instantly upon her admission
operated fully upon her case this provision of
her constitution was, so far as it interfered with
citizens of other States, null and void. There-
fore, what Congress did by their resolution was
one of two things: either to strike from the
constitution of Missouri, upon her admission,
a clause which would have made her position
unequal with that of the other States, or to do
what was of no consequence, what was per-
fectly harmless, but the doing of which was '
justifiable under the circumstances of great i
public excitement which then existed, as a !
measure of peace and safety. It was regarded
in this latter view by its author and by others;
but by all those who supposed that there was j
anything material in that resolution of Congress j
its effect, was held to bo to place Missouri upon '
an equal footing with the other States of the !
Union iuto whose companionship and asso- i
ciation she was about t.0 he admitted. j
Now, sir, that is no precedent for what was i
done in the case of Nevada or in this ease of
Nebraska, or for what is proposed in the pend-
ing bill. In this case the proposed action of
Congress is to put Arkansas upon a different
footing from that occupied by all the other
States within the Union, whether those that
composed the original thirteen or those which
have been admitted since the Government was
formed. I say, then, that the precedent in
the Missouri case has been misconceived, and
that in accepting it as an example and an
authority for what is proposed in this bill, and
for what has been done under extraordinary
circumstances in recent years, we fall into gross
error and depart from those well-settled con-
stitutional principles which shaped the practice
of the Government in former times.
This is the first one of a series of bills which
will be considered in Congress with reference
to the readmission of States from t,he South,
and I think it very desirable that this import-
ant question of State equality should now-be
once more looked at and determined. We
should do upon this occasion what was always
done in the admission of States before we were
disturbed by the war into certain departures
from the well-settled practice of the Govern-
ment. Let us stand where Congress stood
from the foundation of the Government down
to the outbreak of the war in 1801, and main-
tain as a settled, as an invaluable principle,
that each State, under the legislation of Con-
gress, shall stand the peer and equal of every
other. And let us not be misled by .this refer-
erence to the Missouri case, which is no exam-
ple and no precedent for the legislation now
proposed. If a constitution sent here, that of
Arkansas or of any other State, contains mat-
ter which is objectionable; or if upon grounds
of public policy it is inexpedient to accept it;
or if there be temporary considerations which
should induce delay, let those matters be duly
considered and influence the action of the
Senate; but whenever you admit the State
to representation do not admit her with an
improper check upon her sovereign power; do
not admit her as an inferior member of the
sisterhood of States; for if you attempt thus by
congressional legislation to mold the political
institutions of the States that are to be rehabili-
tated, and of the new States that are to be
admitted, you will enter upon a policy fraught
with infinite mischief and one, too, forbidden
by the Constitution,
_ As to the cases which have undergone judi-
cial investigation regarding the reservation of
property rights by the United States in the
admission of new States and limiting the tax-
ation of settlers upon the public lands therein,
they raise questions in. quite a different field
of investigation from that in which we are now
employed.
1 rose, Mr. President, for the purpose of
speaking to this question, because this is the
first bill of the session which has directly and
clearly raised it. It is one of a most important
character, and should be correctly decided.
Mr. SHERMAN obtained the iloor.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania now the
question which he declined to allow me to ask
before.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania bases his remarks largely upon the
equality of the States and upon their coming
into the Union upon an equal footing. 1
should like to inquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania whether lie meant to
intimate that there is anything in the Consti-
tution of the United States that requires States
to be admitted on an equal footing with the
other States ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr, President, I will
answer the Senator by referring him to the
debates in Congress, most elaborate and ex-
haustive, upon that very question in former
times. It is not a question to be answered in
a sentence, or I should gladly answer it.
Mr. DRAKE. It does not meet my ques-
tion for the gentleman to refer mc to the do-
