1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
bility of that. If such an unwise course were
supposable, i should leave it to him. But,
sir, I have no doubt that lie will act under
wise counsels. So I trust, at least, that he
will have men competent to advise him, and
that tliey will appear here and address this
body with dignity and with propriety ; and for
one I desire to hear them. I wish to be in-
structed upon these questions; I wish to know
when I give my verdict what the law, as ap-
plied to the facts, may be. I know there are
men in the United States of America who are
competent to instruct and advise me on that
subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should h£ve supposed,
from the experience we have had to-day, that
the Senator from Connecticut did not need any
instruction from anybody; he is more compe-
tent to instruct us than to ask any counsel to
instruct him. The Senator from Connecticut
and other Senators have said a good deal on
the subject of how we are to appear before the
public ; that that was a more important ques-
tion than how we were to arrange these rules
and methods of procedure as they should re-
late to particular trials that might come before
us. One tiling, Mr. President, I think will
strike the public in the proceedings of Satur-
day and to-day, and that is that while gentle-
men of that side of the Chamber who are sup-
posed to differ politically from the President
difier as minds will differ upon all questions
that are open to discussion, and take opposite
sides, pro and con. of different rules that are
proposed here, we lind that in every instance
Providence vouchsafes light to the gentlemen
of the other persuasion in exactly the same
way. If it strikes my friend from Connecticut
that the accused is injured by a rule that is a
little too compressive it strikes the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania and all his brethren
in exactly the same manner. Mr. President,
if a stranger sitting in the gallery, knowing
nothing ot the course of parties here except
the fact that there were two parties, were to
observe our proceedings, he could not fail to
remark that, upon every question touching
these rules, certain gentlemen, whose names 1,
ot course, am not at liberty and it is not neces-
sary for me to give, stand together every time.
Of course it is nothing, only a mysterious co-
incidence. We cannot suppose that there is
any prejudice or any determination to break
down those rules, and to put the court entirely
at sea on the trial of this case or any other.
Our knowledge of each one of these Senators
iorbids any such supposition ; but I say a
stranger who did not know the purity of these
gentlemen and their entire want of prejudice
as well as we do would find entering into his
mind a certain degree of wonder that it should
always happen under every possible combina-
tion of questions that can arise upon these
rules that while gentlemen of one political per-
suasion differ constantly, gentlemen of the
other always stand together as a solid unit.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me a
single word?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Vermont
is the first Senator, 1 think, who has made any
party allusion to-day ; but for that I shall not
venture to pass judgment upon him. I wish
to remind hun that upon the very first question
in the Senate on this subject on which we had
the yeas and nays those gentlemen who he says
are all on one side divided.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit me
to correct htm. What 1 said was that that was
the state of things in regard to the questions
arising on these rules. What my friend refers
to was a question arising independently of the
rules, to recommit the whole thing on the
ground that we had not any Senate competent
to try.
Mr. DIXON. It was a proposition to amend
the rules.
Mr. EDM IJNDS. No ; not a proposition to
amend the rules.
Mr. DIXON. It was offered as an amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question of fact
about which my friend and myself differ.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Vermont if he will yield to a motion that we
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I think we can finish
after awhile.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to make one
remark : I think it is very evident that we can-
not conclude the consideration of these rules
until quite a late hour, and it is just as sensible
to take a recess now as it will be an hour after
dinner.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will excuseme;
I do not intend to occupy time, and! am sorry
to have taxed the indulgence of the Senate so
much. I shall not consume three minutes
more upon the question of this rule. I have
disposed of all 1 wish to say upon the point I
have alluded to, and now one word as to the
rule itself.
This rule is a general rule for all cases.
Senators will keep that in mind. It applies
no more to one case than to another; no more
to one side than to another. We know that as
a matter of fact and practice, referring to the
particular case that is expected, in all human
probability it will operate much more severelj'—
if you can use that term about it at all—upon the
prosecution than upon the defense. We are
told, and I suppose we have a right to under-
stand, that the number of managers on the
part of the House will be seven, at least. Per-
haps they will have counsel. I take it, it is
not generally expected that an equal array, so
far as mere personal numbers goes, will be
produced on the other side. So much for that.
Now, as to the propriety of this rule as a gen-
eral rule. Is there a Senator on this floor who
would stand up and say of his own personal
knowledge of criminal practice in his own State
that this rule does not exist in all their courts?
I do not mean as a written rule necessarily;
but is it not a general rule in every court in the
United States of America, either State or
national, that only two counsel are heard on a
side in the summing up of a cause? A man
is tried for his life, and, as a general rule—
there may bo exceptions, but I never heard of
them in that case—only two counsel are heard
in his defense, and only two for the prosecu-
tion. So all civil rights and questions involv-
ing the operations of law over vast sections of
country are determined in the same way. This
very day, in another Chamber of this building,
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
a cause is argued which may involve the peace
and safety of the inhabitants of ten States, and
of millions of persons, and it is confined, by the
rules of that court, to two counsel on a side, and
nobody complains that any injustice is being
done t . any one. Nobody complains that
wrong is being perpetrated upon one side or
the other. Therefore, why is it that we arc so
pressed with the argument that we are doing
something unusual, something extraordinary,
something unjust, when we simply provide what
is the practice of every court in the United
States, and in every other civilized country,
that, as a rule, ill the summing up of a cause at
the end of the trial, two counsel on a side only
shall be heard ? If there 1)0 any reason for an
exception in the case which is expected here,
when that time comes it will be very easy for the
court, upon understanding the case at that
time, to make further provision. There is no
objection or difficulty in doing that; but gentle-
men seem to argue that we are establishing a
general rule for all cases. There may be excep-
tions where a qualification ought to be made ;
and if this happens to be one in the cause that
is expected we can then make the exception,
provide for the qualification ; but if we are to
have any general rules upon the subject, let us
have rules that will cover all cases as they ordi-
narily arise.
Mr. HEXDRICKS. From the volubility
with which the Senator from Vermont lias
elaborated at great length some very small
points one would think he was the last Senator
to object to much speaking, and, therefore, the
last person to object to many speeches. He
has spent a good deal of time to show that it
so happened in this discussion that the Sena*
tor from Connecticut and the Senator from
Pennsylvania and myself, and some others,
perhaps, always agree on every question, how-
ever much the gentlemen on the other side
differ among themselves. What was there m
the course of this debate to justify the Senator
in making such an insinuation? I have here-
tofore sought to express the opinion that truth
is generally secured by the discussion of two
counsel on each side. I am satisfied with the
rule so far as that is concerned, but the Sena-
tor from Vermont feels himself authorized to
say that, for some reason or other, some of us
Senators agree upon every question, however
material or immaterial. I do not know any-
thing in the course of this discussion or of the
votes that justifies any such remark. On every
question that has arisen here on these elab-
orate rules, for myself I have given my reasons
for my vote, and will continue to do so. I am
satisfied with two counsel on each side. If I
were submitting my life to twelve jurors I
would not want the responsibility of the case
to be divided between more than two attor-
neys. I think when you introduce more than
that number, in a defense or in a prosecution,
you introduce an element of weakness into the
case. Throw upon two vigorous minds the
whole responsibility of a case and you have a
more powerful defense or prosecution. That
is my opinion about it, and therefore, so far
as this rule is concerned, I am satisfied.
But, Mr. President, I want to submit to the
Senator from Michigan that it is evident that
we cannot finish these rules at this sitting.
The next rule will evidently be a questioned
one; debate will certainly arise upon it; and
I wish now to submit a proposition that we
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I hppe the Sen-
ate will sit out and pass through the various
rules which remain to be considered. If we had
sat longer on Saturday evening we might have
finished our work that evening if we persisted
in it. For myself, charged as I am with the
superintendence of the measure, I cannot yield
to any such motion. I hope the friends of the
measure will stand by it and sit it out.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I hope so, too; and I
hope that Senators will not, in voting upon
this motion, be guided by looking to see that
they have reached page 3 of these rules, and that
there are nearly five pages; because after this
twenty-first rule there is at most nothing left
in the rules except mere forms of precept, &c.,
with the exception of one rule or two. There-
fore 1 trust Senators will not feel that it is
hopeless to stay here for a short time to com-
plete the work.
Mr. FOWLER. I have been in favor all
day of going through these rules, and I have
listened with patienee to others. If some of
the gentlemen who are now so earnest in dis-
posing of this matter had made shorter speeches
and fewer of them we might have got through
with these rules and adjourned some time ago.
I am willing to go on, but my patience is
almost exhausted. 1 have listened attentively,
but I feel like voting for this motion. Now,
while I am up, I will say one word in regard to
these rules 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roi" in the chair.) The question is on the
motion to take a recess.
Mr. FOWLEll. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say, in reply
to the Senator from New York, that the rule
immediately following that which we are now
considering is one that will certainly excite
debate if the committee insist upon it. I
allude to the proposition to prevent discussion
by Senators when they come to consider the
decision that is to be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the next rule,
but the next but one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly. Senators
cannot expect that that will be adopted with-
out some careful examination. I do not know
