3632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
considered, and it may as well be considered
now as nt any other time-, because it will take
some time to consider it whenever we do it,
and it ought to be passed soon so that the
other branches of the Government may have
an opportunity to consider it. I have said
before that we know it will take ten days longer
to dispose of this bill after it shall go through
this body than it will any of the other bills that
are named ; and it ought, therefore, to be acted
upon at once. If it should not be passed, as
my friend from Illinois and my friend from
Kentucky seem to have determined, undoubt-
edly then we shall have disposed of it, and it
will not take any more time now than it will
hereafter. But I do not wish to occupy time
on this question. I merely wish to discharge
my duty.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. T should vote
to lay aside the appropriation bill and to con-
tinue the consideration of the joint resolution
of the Senator from Vermont but for this
reason: this measure has not been much con-
sidered by the Senate ; I think that it is an
important measure, one requiiing the exercise
of a good deal of discretion and judgment,
and that it will be profitable for it to lie over
until to-morrow. I shall, therefore, vote to
proceed with the appropriation bill.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the unfinished business for
the purpose of continuing the consideration of
Senate joint resolution No. 189.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Corbett, Cra-
p, Davis, Drake, Kdtnunds, llarlan. MeOreery,
McDonald, Osborn, Patterson of Now Hampshire,
Ramsey. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade,
and Williams—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Conkling, Fes-
gondon, Fowler. Frelinghuysen, Ilendrieks, Howe.
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Noiton, Patter-
son of Tennessee. Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Willcy, and Yates—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Grimes, Hender-
son, Howard, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont. Nve,
Rice. Saulsbury Sprague, Van Winkle, and Wil-
son—18.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 263) to extend the juris-
diction of probate courts and of justices of the
peace in the Territories of Idaho and Mon-
tana ;
A bill (II. Ii. No. 348) to provide for hold-
ing terms of the United States district court for
the western district of Missouri at St. Joseph
aud the city of Kansas, in said State ; aud
A bill (II. H. No. 41G) to amend an act
entitled An act to create the eastern judicial
district of the State o-f New York," approved
February 25, 1805.
The bill (II. It. No. 1046) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works, and for other pur-
poses, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 818) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30. 1869, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yesterday
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Siiermax,] from
the Committee on Finance, reported an amend-
ment, which was objected to as not in order.
The question before the Senate is whether that
amendment, is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the request of a num-
ber of Senators I have concluded to withdraw
the amendment with the understanding that
the funding bill shall be taken up as a separate
measure immediately after the disposition of
this bill; and I now give notice that after this
bill is disposed of I shall move to take up the
fuudiuK bill with a view to offer the amend-
ment which I proposed to this bill as a substi-
tute for that bill, by direction of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That amendment being
withdrawn, I move to amend the bill by insert-
ing after line forty* six :
To meet expenses incurred in the prosecution and
collection of chums duo the United States, $15,U00, to
be disbursed under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On what author-
ity is that moved ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the recommend-
ation of the head of the Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have the letter read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I send the letter to the
desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Dkpaktmknt, June 24,1868.
Sir: I have the honor herewith to transmit the
draft of a clause which it is very desirable to have
incorporated in the general appropriation bill for
the Executive Departments for the ensuing fiscal
year, appiopriahna: S15.000 to cover expenses of col-
lecting claims due the United States.
There are outstanding many balances due from
former disbursing ollicets, and debts upon failure of
conditions in bonds ot vaiious sorts, which can bo
recovered only by expenditures ot greater or less
amount in costs and compensation of agents neces-
sarily employed. The Department has hitherto ex-
petienocd considerable embairassment in regard to
this subject, and has been compelled, fiom time to
time, to draw from appropriations which, though in
sotnesense applicable to this object, could be but illy
spared irom otherobjects still more properly charge-
able to them.
The customs fund has been particularly burdened
in this way. and it is indispensable to relieve it as
far a  possible foi the futuie.
On other accounts, too. a specific and limited appro-
priation is to bo desired for this object, which must
continue to bo a souroc of expense lor some timo to
come if the effort now being made to close up the old
outstanding balances which have too long cumbered
the books of tho Treasury is to be sustained.
The Solicitoi of the Treasury has expressed his
view of the matter in a letter of which a copy is
inclosed to you herewith.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
ii. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. L. M. Morrill,
Chairman Committee on Appropriations, Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I offer from the Committee on
Printing this amendment, to come in after line
sixty-nine, on page 4:
For payment for tho Congressional Globe and
Appendix, for the fiscal year ending June 30,18(38,
$20,000, to be taken from tho appropriation hereto-
fore made and unexpended for the purchase of one
completo set of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
for each Senator and Representative who has not
already received them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that for a
deficiency for the publication of two extra
sessions?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes..
Mr. ROSS. In explanation of the amend-
ment I send to the desk a letter which I desire
to have read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Congressional Gloj'.e Office,
washington, June 12,1868.
Dear Stk: In conscquenco of no appropriations
whatever being made to meet the accounts of this
office for reporting and printing the debates of the
Senate for the additional session (sittings of March,
July, and November, 1867J and for the copies of tho
Congressional Globe and Appendix for Senators tor
the same session, a deliciency has been created—a
dcficicncy which may, however, be in large partmcfc
and piovided Jor without additional appropriation,
and in this way, namely : by authorizing a transfer
of a portion ol an unexpended balance of appiopria-
tion-- heretofore made to pay for complete sctsof the
Congressional Globo and Appendix for new Senators.
[Not more than fifty per cent, of the appropriations
;! made for that spociiio purpose have ever boon ro-
il Quired.]
ii The unexpended balance referred to amounts to
$27,£03 8i; of which sum &20,-100 may bo transferred
to moot tho deficiency existing in the sum requisite
to pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix tor
.Senators for the current session, which work has
, been completed to the extent of moie than three
; thousand pafjes limit, and delivered to Mr. Defrees,
i the Congressional Printer, and for which we hold his
'! receipts.
We would suggest that, providing puch a transfer
as we have indicated be made, a very suitable point
,, in the bill now pending (II, R. No. 005; would be
j immediately after lino sixty-two—as lines sixtv-one
: andmxly-tuo contain a proposition to pav tor that
M particular branch ot tho woik tor the ensuing ses-
bioUe.
Tho deficiency which exists iu the appropriations
for reporting and printing in the Daily Globe we
shall take measures to have provided tor in the defl-
cicney bill now framing by the appropriate commit-
tee of the House of Representatives.
Trusting that our suggestion may be favorably
considered by yourself andyourhonorablecomnnttee,
we remain, very le^pectfully,
F. & J. RIVES & GEORGE A. BAILEY.
Reporter* and Printers of the Debates of Congress.
Hon. L. M. Morrill, Chairman of Committee on Ap-
propriations, Untied Slates Senate. ^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 10, after line three
hundred and seventy-two:
For surveying the boundary line between the State
of .Nebraska and Territory of Colorado, and that
portion of the western boundary of tho State of
Nebraska embraced between the forty-first and forty-
third degrees of latitude, estimated at three hun-
dred and twenty miles, at not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per mile, $-1,800.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to add the words
" to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office." I
have the concurrence of the mover of the
amendment in this modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. THAYER. I will state that this amend-
ment has the sanction of the Committee on
Territories. There is a disputed boundary,
and it ia not known whether a certain place
belongs to the State of Nebraska or to the
Territory of Colorado or Dakota.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to know
something about this proposition. I see no
estimate for it in the estimates submitted to
the Department. The Senator says the amend-
ment comes from the Committee on Territo-
ries. There ought to be an estimate from the
Department. 1 find an estimate among the
regular estimates for surveying the eastern
boundary of Colorado, and also for surveying
the eastern boundary of Nevada.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lie Lands have recommended that in their
amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But I see no
estimate for this particular item.
Mr. THAYER. It emanates from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office; and I
was informed that it was in the estimates, and
I h?d no doubt that it was. It was submitted
to the Committee on Territories and approved
by them; and I offer it with their sanction. As
I said, there is a disputed boundary and there
is a long tract of country in regard to which
it is not known whether it belongs to Colorado,
Nebraska, or Dakota. The people of the town
of Julesburg have been in doubt for two years
past whether they were in the State of Nebraska
or the Territory of Colorado or Dakota, and a
great deal of confusion has arisen from this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All these propo-
sitions ought to emanate, I submit, from the
Department, and if the Senator knows that it
is recommended by the Department I shall
make no strenuous objection.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; I stated that
before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the bill
on the seventeenth page, line three hundred and
eighty-eight, by increasing the appropriation
for surveys in Oregon from §28,000 to 840,000.
Forty thousand dollars was the estimate, but
the House of Representatives allowed only
§2."),000 for surveying in the State of Oregon.
The matter was before the Committee on Public
Lands, and representations from that State
were made of such a pressing character that
the Committee on Public Lauds thought we
ought to come up fully to what was estimated
for. We found, in reference to most of the
new States, that the immigration and the de-
mands for settlement upon the public lands
require surveys. The increased impetus that
has been given to settlements upon the public
lands require that they should be surveyed.
An)body who has had any experience knows-
the inconvenience ot settlers going m advance
