APPENDIX TO THE OONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
■85
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Powers of Supreme Court—Mr. Williams.
Ho. of Reps.
Iiowever, highly honorable, T admit, to the gen-
tleman who reported it; but, nevertheless, the
bill is to be hurried through. Other legislation
must give way. The work is to be done in
season for the coming presidential election.
I beg leave to say, in conclusion, Mr. Speaker,
that this is a scheme which can never prevail.
The assassination of ten States will never
" trammel up the consequence.'' The judgment
of this people is just; their instincts are gener-
ous. They love liberty ; they hate oppression.
They revere the Constitution, and whoever
■shall attempt in this way to upturn the deep
foundations of the organic law of the land and
turn us over to negro dominion, congressional
despotism, and martial law will be ground _ to
powder between the upperand the nether mill-
stones of popular indignation. If, at the begin-
ning of the war, the purposes now apparent had
been avowed, if the programme now written
down in this House had been disclosed to the
people, a corporal's guard could not have been
mustered to the ranks of your armies. Those
grand levies of the people who flocked to the
defense of the country at the sound of the first
rebel gun would have dropped the bayonet
and returned the sword to the rust of its scab-
bard. Every battle would have been a Bull
Bun; nay, worse than that, a Big Bethel, a
Drury's Bluff.
Powers of Supreme Court.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS WILLIAMS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the Hoixsra of Ubpresextatives,
January 13, 1868,
On the bill declaring what shall constituto a quorum
of the Supremo Court, and to regulate the juris-
diction thereof,
Mr. "WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
object of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee to the Senate bill is to preserve this
Government in its original spirit, and protect
its people in the enjoyment of the "rights in-
tended to be secured to them by its fundamen-
tal law, by protecting that law as well against
the encroachments of the States as from the
ambition or infirmities of its accredited ex-
pounders, acting through the more insidious
and alarming process of judicial construction,
which is so often but another name for judicial
legislation.
The purpose of the amendment just offered
iy me, which is no other than a copy of the
bill that, under a feeling of profound alarm
for the tranquillity of the nation and the pres-
ervation of the just balances of the Constitu-
tion, was introduced by me into the last Con-
gress, and again renewed and referred upon
the inauguration of the present one, is to make
that protection sure by exacting the highest
security that the authority of Congress can
demand and the nature of the circumstances
will admit.
To this end it provides tliat not less than a
full bench shall sit in judgment upon the will
of the people as declared through their Repre-
sentatives, and that nothing sliort of the con-
sentaneous agreement of the favored few, hold-
ing their places by appointment of the Exec-
utive, shall nullify that will, by breaking the
scepter of the law-giver, and striking his ordi-
nances dead at his feet.
The amendment of the committee, while it
accepts and incorporates the principle enun-
ciated in my bill, and so far challenges my
approval, reduces the security provided for by
it by compromising on a two-third vote, which,
under the present constitution of the Supreme
Court, would add one voice only to the number
now required to undo the work of Congress,
•and give, perhaps, a new law to the people; and
in this. I think, falls short of the necessities
•of the case and the high requirements of pub-
lic duty.
The difference, then, is only one of measure
or degree—a mere question of more or less—
between the highest possible security and an
inferior or lower one. And here, I think, it
may be affirmed with confidence that the legis-
lator, holding, as he does, a public trust, and
not dealing upon his own account or for his
own private interests alone, has no absolute
discretion, no choice, indeed, but to take the
higher and superior. Assuming the need of a
guarantee for the public safety, he cannot, in
my judgment, demand too much; his only
question is what is within the range of the
possible. When the great interests—perhaps
the life—of a nation are involved, I take it to be
his clear duty to waive no security, but to
" Make assurance double sure,
And take a bond of fate."
The point once admitted, as it is here, that
we may require any more than a majority, the
whole question is surrendered. If we may exact
two thirds it is transparent that we may exact
the whole. And who shall say, if we may do
this, that the lowest security which the country
shall enjoy shall be less than the unanimity of
the jury box? If that is practicable, why not
insist upon it?
To these questions there can be no answer
except that it is unreasonable, or inexpe-
dient and unnecessary. But is this so? Let
us examine.
It is not certainly unreasonable to insist that
if the judgments of perhaps two hundred rep-
resentative men, of the glite of the nation, drawn
mainly from the legal profession, and embody-
ing alarge portion of its wisdom and experience,
are to be overruled by a little conclave of some
seven or eight not chosen by the people at all,
and no wiser or better than themselves, the ora-
cle whose nod is claimed to be equal to the stamp
of fate shall give out no discordant utterances.
The wisdom of that common law which was
claimed by our ancestors as their birth-right has
ordained thatthelife, and liberty, and property,
even of the humblest citiaen, shall not be taken
away without the unanimous verdict of a jury of
his peers. Who shall say that the life of a great
State, the liberties of a great people, are not
entitled to the same protection, and that four
or five men out of a body so constituted—nay,
even a bare majority of those four or five-
shall determine in the last resort, and without
any appeal whatever, the extent of its own
charter of freedom, in defiance of the sense of
the millions who, under all the forms of the
Constitution, have declared their sovereign
will?
I did not regard it as unlikely that the prop-
osition, which I liad the honor to introduce
nearly a year ago, would startle the profession
at first sight as an alarming innovation, and I
am not sure that this expectation has been
entirely disappointed. It could scarcely in
the nature of things be otherwise. Lawyers,
who run in grooves, and are educated into a
superstitious reverence for precedents, and so
often—I may saysoproverbially—fail as states-
men, because they lack the bold, original, and
progressive spirit of a Mansfield, are always
averse to untried ways, and always ready to
denounce the idea of reform or change, when-
ever it goes to matter of substance and beyond
any mere question of form, as a pernicious nov-
elty. Men of this sort will say, perhaps, that
there is no ease where unanimity of sentiment
has ever been demanded at the hands of any
tribunal on a question as to the meaning or
effect of a covenant or a law, and taking their
position there, maintain that the thing is im-
proper only because there is no precedent to
warrant it.
Aud yet if the law, as claimed by its pro-
fessors, is only reason and the very perfection
of it, and if what is not reason is not law, it
will be found, on the application of this test,
that there is nothing in the requirement of
unanimity to conflict with that idea. What-
ever weight considerations of mere conven-
ience may be entitled to in ordinary cases
upon questions of merely private right between
man and man, it cannot certainly be affirmed
that there is anything unreasonable in the
proposition that unanimity of opinion shall be
required where the tribunal is a small one, and
it is sought to overthrow the judgment of the
millions, speaking through anotherand greater
organ, on a matter that concerns the well-being
of the whole, and perhaps the very existence
of the State. _ The lawyer who cherishes the
old and favorite hypothesis, that what we every
day realize to be the most uncertain of all
things is always absolutely certain, cannot very
consistently complain that the meager priest-
hood, which ministers at the shrine of an oracle
that claims to be infallible, should be expected
to give out no divided responses, and scatter
no ambiguous voices among the worshippers,
but, on the contrary, on all vital questions at
least, should blend all its outgivings into one
sublime chorus of universal harmony. In mat-
ters of faith, where the idea of infallibility is the
rule, such consentaneity is indispensable. If
the successors of the fisherman, along with the
triple crown had worn a triple head, the pres-
tige of infallibility must soon have disappeared.
With seven or eight heads the faith must neces-
sarily have perished under any other rule than
that which is proposed to be enacted here.
It is only necessary to remind the lawyer
himself that there is an analogy to this in
that time-honored institution, the trial by jury,
which, although generally referred to the great
charter of English liberty, antedates the records
of our race, and is imbedded in all our consti-
tutions as the palladium of all our rights—the
one great preeminent defense of private and
public liberty. It was not enough that the per-
son and property of the citizen should be walled
round by the protection of his peers. Even
that security was treated as inadequate without
the unanimity that constitutes its excellence.
It was still possible that seven men out of
twelve might be warped by prejudice, misled
by ignorance, imposed on by cunning, corrupted
by money, or seduced or overawed by power.
The life and liberty and property of the citizen
were not to be trusted to the keeping of the
majority, or taken away except by the unani-
mous accord of all his judges, passing in crim-
inal cases as well upon the law as upon the
facts. It is the glory of England, as it is the
boast of America, that not one of the great
natural rights, whose protection is the only legit-
imate object of all government, shall be dis-
turbed, even in the smallest particular, without
the unanimous judgment of a larger bench than
that which claims to pass, by a divided vote,
upon the fundamental law of a great nation,
and in effect to nullify that law, or to make it
speak in accordance with its own imperial
behests. Who, then, shall say that there is in
this amendment anything unreasonable or un-
precedented, or any departure from the analo-
gies of our Constitution ; or that a nation may
not borrow in its extremity, for the preserva-
tion of its life, the securities it has already
thrown around the humblest individual and the
lowliest home?
If there is anything that is tran^cendently
and indefensibly unreasonable, it is in the idea
that it should be competent for even any seven
or eight men, however exalted, and with like
passions and infirmities as ourselves, either to
legislate away by construction the great charter
of our liberties, or to set aside the decrees of
(he high council of the nation, embodying, as
it always does, a large share of the intelligence
and all of the majesty of a great people, and
in effect to bind everybody but itself. That is_
an anomaly necessitated, perhaps, by the fact of
a written Constitution, but still an anomaly that
may well startle us. in view of the possibilities
that are so strongly suggested by the present
condition of the nation, wherein iis highest ju-
dicial tribunal is invoked and depended upon,as
a powerful, nay, a resistless auxiliary m the war
