1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3633
of surveys. They have conflicting claims, con-
flicting boundaries, conflicting titles. It re-
tards the growth and prosperity of a State not
to have it surveyed. The Senators from Ore-
gon, and all the persons I have seen from the
Pacific coast, think we should come up fully
to the recommendation of the Land Office.
This amendment is reported by the Committee
on Public Lands, and was printed and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations a few days
ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to
the Senator that the appropriation in the bill
is in conformity with the estimates of the De-
partment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have a letter from the
Commissioner recommending this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let that be
read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to subjoin a state-
ment to what has already been said by the
Senator from Kansas, as to the necessity of
this addition to the appropriation. Heretofore
the appropriations for the State of Oregon
have been rather limited in view of the extent
of country to be surveyed : and there is a large
proportion of the habitable part of that State
now occupied by people that has not been sur-
veyed, and the want of the necessary surveys
is an obstruction to the settlementof the State.
I can name several valleysof considerable ex-
tent there, valleys of fertile land upon which
persons have settled, and upon which others
are desirous to settle, that have not been sur-
veyed, such as the valley of John Days' river,
the Upper Des Chutes valley, the Malhereuse
valley, the Jordan Creek valley, Wild-horse
Creek valley, Goose Lake valley, Lost-river
valley, and other valleys of that description
have not been surveyed. There is a necessity
that they should be surveyed without any con-
siderable delay, so as to enable the people
upon the lands there to enter them and obtain a
title for theirproperty. I need not say to any-
body who has any experience m any of these new
States that it tends greatly to retard their im-
provement to limitthe amount of surveys, and
there is no real economy in such a course, and
it rather has the contrary effect.
Since the estimate was made by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office he has
written a letter which I will read:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, February 7,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 4th instant upon the
subject of an increase in the estimate of appropria-
tion submitted to Congress by this office tor survey-
ing the public lands in Oregon for the next fiscal
year.
In reply, I have to say, that at the time the esti-
mates were made this olftce had in view the exigen-
cies ot the surveying service and counteracting in-
fluences exerted by the then distuibed condition of
the count)y on account of Indian hostilities.
The estimate now before Congress lor the survey
of the public lands in Oregon is $5,000 in excess of
the appropriation made for the current fiscal year.
Had it not been for the reported daugers in Oregon
to surveying parties m places remote from the im-
mediate vicinity ot military establishments in Kla-
math Lake and Surprise valley, much larger esti-
mates would have been presented tor the extension
ot the lines of public surveys, demanded by the pro-
visions of an act granting hinds to the State of Ore-
gon lor the constiuction of a military road from
Eugene City to the eastern boundary of Oregon.
In the pieseuce ol the foregoing impediments to
the progress ol the public surveys and a due regard
to tne husbanding national resources, the estimate
of the surveyor general ot Oregon, amounting to
$65,450, was restricted to the sum of $25,000.
Representations having since been made to this
office of more pacific attitude of Oregon Indians in
the region of country demanding early surveys on a
larger scale than estimated, I would be willing to
recommend to CongressS40,()00appropriation instead
of $25,000 for the fiscal year ending June30,1869.
i have the honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,
JOS. S. WILSON, (Jomntisstonpr.
Upon the representations that were made to
him, inducing him to believe that these Indian
hostilities were not such as they had been rep-
resented to him to be, he makes the recom-
mendation of an additional appropriation of
$15,000.
Besides the other reasons for adding to this
amount I may mention that there is a large
tract of land granted for a military road, upon
which a vast amount of work and money has
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 228.
been expended, from the Willamette valley to
the eastern part of the State across the Cas-
cade mountains; and it is impossible for the
company, notwithstanding they have invested -
their money, to make use of the lands donated j
to them, because there are no surveys and \
there is no money to expend in surveying the
lands along the line of that road, and thus the
lands are kept out of market. The company
cannot sell them because there are no surveys.
I think in lievv of the extent of the State of
Oregon and the limited appropriations that
have heretofore been made tor that State and
the prospect that Hie immigration will rapidly
increase, that this is not an extravagant appio-
priation. Some of the States have $50,000;
Nebraska has $50,000.
Mr. POMEROY. Forty thousand dollars.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, §40,000. Califor-
nia has $50,000. Any one who will look upon
the map showing the public surveys in the
country, will see that a very large proportion
of California has already been surveyed, while
but a very inconsiderable proportion of the
State of Oregon has ever yet been touched by
the public surveys. I hope, therefore, that this
amendment will be adopted.
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
joint Committee on the Library to offer an
amendment, to come in after line four hundred
and eighty-three, on page 21 :
To enable tho joint Committee on the Library to
pay Mrs. Sarah ]■'. Ames an additional comiientation
lor her marble bustot President Lincoln, §500.
I will state what the case is. Something
like two years since the Committee on the
Library made an agreement with Mrs. Ames
for a marble bust of President Lincoln for the
sum of $1,500. The bust was to be of life
size, and when completed was to be satisfac-
tory to the Committee on the Library. It has
beea completed, it is satisfactory to the com-
mittee, and she has received the compensa-
tion of $1,500; but, instead of its being life
size, she made it larger than life, made it tho
heroic size, at some additional cost; and the
committee, after full consideration of the sub-
ject, and inasmuch as Mrs. Ames had made a
good bust of a great and good man, probably
a better bust than any that has yet been pro-
duced, concluded to ask for the appropriation
upon this bill of the additional sum of $500.
These are the facts in the case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move farther to amend
this bill on the sixteenth page, three hundred and
seventy-sixth line, under the head of " survey-
ing the public lands in Nevada," by striking out
"twenty" and inserting "fifty," so as to make
the appropriation for that purpose $50,000.
That comes up precisely to the estimate of
the Department; and the same reasons apply
to Nevada, I apprehend, that apply to Oregon.
As I said before, I do not desire to argue any
of these questions; but the increased demand
for public land requires surveys, and any land-
lord who is able to own an estate is able to
survey it if he wants t.o sell it. We kept back
during the war the surveys of the public lands;
they were not called for during the war, and
therefore they were not surveyed ; but since
the close of the war a great impetus has been
given to immigration and these lands are
called for, and they ought to be surveyed. The
Committee on Public Lands have recommended
this amendment so as to bring up the appro-
priation to the estimate of the Department.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to under-
stand on what principle the House Committee
on Appropriations make up these appropria-
tion bills. It seems to me that they strike
blindly and cut down appropriations without
any particular reason, send their bills muti-
lated here to the Senate in the expectation,
probably, that we will correct all the mistakes
that are made. It seems that one bill after
another comes here in the same style, all cut
up into fragments. We have to restore the
appropriations to the estimates. It is very
remarkable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I might gay in
explanation of the matter of inquiry, that it
has been customary with Appropriation Com-
mittees to follow the appropriations of the pre-
vious year where" they have no better informa-
tion on the subject. The appropriation of a
former year for a particular service has gen-
erally been adopted as a proper rule for the
current service in the absence of better evi-
dence.
Mr. POMEROY. Do they continue to make
an appropriation where all the lands are sur-
veyed because they had done so the previous
year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think my hon-
orable friend's question perhaps is a little
sharper than it sounds. I spoke of the contin-
uance of the service. I suppose the service
would end when it was performed.
Mr. POMEROY. I referred to the action
of the House, and not of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The House
probably would not pursue the scrvice after it
had ended; but so long as tho service continues
an appropriation made for one year is generally
considered authority for an appropriation for
another year. I should say, therefore, that
this appropriation follows the appropriation
of last year. The House committee having
probably no information, as certainly the com-
mittee of the Senate had not, except a general
estimate here, as to the necessity of any fur-
ther appropriation being needed, followed the
appropriation of last year. I suppose that may
account for it. The Senator from Kansas, act-
ing as chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, who moves this amendment, states
that which he holds to be somewhat conclu-
sive, that this follows precisely the estimates,
and for that reason he desires that it should
be accepted by the Senate. But a moment
ago, when the estimates did not come quite up
to his standard, the estimates went for nothing.
If the Senator means, acting as chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, to furnish
proof to the Senate, and that proof is to be
the estimates, I should like to have him bound
by them. But a moment ago he moved to
increase the estimates $15,000, and now he
thinks the estimates are quite conclusive. I
am not certain that this appropriation of
550,000 is not needed in this place. It is a
pretty large appropriation, however. It will
be seen that it increases it $30,000 over the
appropriation of last year.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me one word of
explanation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. STE WART. There was never any sur-
vey in our State of any consequence until last
year; but there had been appropriations; we
had no surveyor general's office established,
and those appropriations accumulated to some
seventy thousand dollars. The surveyor gen-
eral then undertook to use the money in the
most advantageous, way by running standard
lines and meridian lines to reach the agricul-
tural valleys which were distributed over the
State, and he is now in a position to sectionize,
to run the section and township lines in those
valleys. The Commissioner of the General
Laud Office estimated $50,000 for that service,
but even that is not as much as could be used
to advantage this year, for the reason that the
Pacific railroad is progressing much more rap-
idly than was anticipated ; and there will be in
the State some two or three hundred miles,
perhaps four hundred miles, of that road this
year. A line of settlers have gone out along
the road, and it is very important that the sur-
veys should be prosecuted. Fifty thousand
dollars is as small an amount as ought to be
appropriated under all the circumstances; and
it will be of more advantage to have it done thi^
year while the force is in the field. We had a
good appropriation last year and ran the stand-
ard lines and meridian lines, and if we cottld
go on with the work this year it would be agreat
accommodation to the settlers. •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire, also, to move
