1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
legislation ; and the distinction between the
case provided for by this clause and the case
he illustrates it by is the difference between a
general provision applying to all classes of
voters and a provision applying to a particular
class of voters. For instance, suppose the
State of Indiana should undertake to say that
a white man who resided in the State six
months should vote, but that a negro should
be required to live there two years before he
should vote, that would clearly be class legis-
lation. It would be aimed at a portion of the
people, a portion of the electors, a portion of
the citizens. The State of Arkansas requires
one year's residence by the constitution laid
upon our table ; but they might, if they choose,
more liberalize their constitution by requiring
but six months' residence; and there is noth-
ing in this fundamental condition to prevent
them from doing it. They might require a
residence of two years, and if that require-
ment was applied to all electors, white and
black, who came into that State, it would be
clearly constitutional.
Mr. CO.NKL1NG. Is not the language of
the bill '' individual or class?"
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is:
That the constitution of Arkansas shall never be
so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote.
If that was aimed against a citizen or a class
of citizens it would be unconstitutional; but
if it was aimed at all persons who had not re-
sided within the State for a certain length of
time it would be clearly constitutional. There
is the distinction which I know my ingenious
friend from New York will perceive at once.
Again, he says that the act of last year has
not the binding force I give it. I do not say
that it is binding upon us, because nothing is
binding upon us. We have the power, if we
choose, to exclude these States for all time to
come, because we have the power and control
of Congress, and without the consent of the
Senate 110 Senator can ever come into this body
from the State of Arkansas.'
But it is not a question of power; it is a
question of right, of duty, of fair play. We
have said to the people of Arkansas, "If you
will do so and so, a matter that is a great deal
of trouble to you, if you will call a convention,
hold elections, go through the various torms
and processes which we require of you"—and
we required the people of Arkansas to toil day-
after day and night after night to be registered,
to be enrolled, to vote half a dozen times—"if
you will do all these things we will let you in.''
When they have done all that they could do,
is it Tight for us now to impose additional con-
ditions on the ground that we have the power
to do it? I think not.
I agree fully with what the Senator from
New York says in regard to the fourteenth
constitutional amendment. I have always
thought that that was the best, safest, and
surest basis of reconstruction ; and had it not
been for the evil genius of Andrew Johnson I
think this question would have been settled
long ago on the basis of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution. If Senators are
really fearful that Arkansas will be admitted
here, and that the other States will refuse to
ratify the constitutional amendment, I would
not vote for the admission of Arkansas. If
I supposed that the fourteenth amendment
would not be adopted by the process of recon-
struction that is now going on in the southern
States, I should refuse to vote to admit these
States, or any of them, until that amendment
was adopted, because that is our great safety
and bulwark. But I take it we can all act in
view of common faith in men ; and while these
States tire going on organizing their govern-
ments we know that they will adopt the con-
stitutional amendment as a part of the neces-
sary process. If I feared that sufficient States
would not adopt it, I would go with other Sen-
ators and postpone the admission of Arkansas;
but I have 110 doubt, of it. They will eagerly
adopt it.
- Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
40th Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 164.
from Ohio be so good as to state how many
States now stand as having adopted the con-
stitutional amendment; I mean the whole
number?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think twenty-three or
twenty-four; I cannot say exactly; but the
Senator knows as well as I.
Mr. DRAKE. No; I appeal to the honor-
able Senator for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
twenty-three or twenty-four have adopted it.
Mr. DRAKE. Since Ohio and New Jersey
retracted?
Mr. WILSON. Twenty-three States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the with-
drawal of New Jersey or Ohio is at all valid.
I think it is the opinion of the best lawyers of
the country that having once performed a con-
stitutional power they cannot withdraw it. I
do not think it is necessary to have these con-
stant interruptions. I wish to close what I
have to say, and 1 desire simply to say that I
shall vote for the admission of Arkansas with
the expectation that it will go far to promote
the admissien of the other States and facilitate
the prompt settlement of this whole question
on the basis of the constitutional amendment
and universal suffrage.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
prtvtlkfies op senators.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the Senator sub-
mits his motion to adjourn I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Seuate to submit a resolu-
tion that may go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Let us hear
what it is.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Isimply wish to present
it and let it go over.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (as the sense of the Senate,) That any
enforced attendance of a member of the Senate before
a Committee of the Hou>e of Representatives to be
examined as a witness upon any question or matter
relatingtothe impeachment triiil would beafiagrant
breach of the privileges of the Senate, and that any
voluntary attendance of a Senator before such com-
mittee for such purpose would be highly improper.
The resolution was laid over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
INDEX TO IM PF.ACIIMENT REPORT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion providing for an index to the report of the
impeachment trial, which I should like to have
adopted before an adjournment, if no Senator
objects.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his mo-
tion to adjourn for that purpose?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. No one will object to it,
I know. I offer the following resolution :
ll-solved, That a suitable index be made by the
See, etary of the Senate for iho official report of the
pru'-oedmgs in the impeachment tiiai.
Mr. ANTHONY. An index has been
already prepared.
Mr. SUMNliit. I think there is no occasion
for that for a particular reason which I should
like to state.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is within my knowledge
that the pmprietors of the Globe have taken
special pains with regard to the index of the
report of 1 lie impeachment trial. I speak from
knowledge uu the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdrawthe
resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 27, 1868.
The House met at twelve o clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. C. B. Buyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
bridges oyer the ohio.
Mr. CARY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following preamble and resolution ; -whriib
were read, considered, and agreed to r
Whereas several bridges are in progress of con-
struction over the Ohio river; and whereas the stir-
igation of this great highway of commerce should
not be obstructed:
lienolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads bo requested to consider the propriety
of a genera! law providing that no bridge shall be
constructed over said river with aspan over the chan-
nel of less than five hundred feet; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I hold in my hand the bill
(H. R. No. G-38) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 18G8, and for other purposes, which has
come from the Senate. It has been informally
considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions. There are some half a dozen amend-
ments made by the Senate, one or two of
which are of some importance; the rest are
unimportant. The committee have instructed
me to move to non-concur in the amendments
and ask for a committee of conference, as the
easiest way of adjusting the matter.
Mr. SCOFIELO. Let the amendments be
read.
The amendments were reported, as follows:
Page 1, line two, after the word "source?' insert as
follows: "Except appropriations made by act of
March 2,1807."
Same lino, after the "word "hereby," insert
"directed to be."
Same line, alter the word "Treasury," insert "at
the eloseof the current fiscal year.''
Page 2. lines seven and eight,strike out: "For ex-
penses of the signal service of the Army, 65,000." ^
Strike out all of section two after the enacting
clause, as follows:
That the sums appropriated for each of the several
items contained in this act shall be made up only by
computing the unexpended balance for t-uch iteia
which may reaisiin in the Treasury on ihe 30th day
of June, 1868, and adding thereto so much inoro
from the Treasury as will give the sum fur each of
such items appropriated by this act; Provided, how-
ever, That this shall not be constiued to prevent the
payment from the proper appiopriation of expendi-
tures made during the current iiocal ycai after said
year shall have closed.
And in lieu thereof insert:
That fiom the sums appropriated for each of the.
several items contained m this act there be deducted
the unexpended balance for such item which may
remain in the Treasuiy on the 30th of June, 186#.
Xnbcrt as an additional section the following:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That of the ap-
propriation of $00,000 for publishing thcmedical and
surgical history of the rebellion and the medical sta-
tistics of the Provost Marshal General's oflice, made
in an act approved July 28, IStiti. $30,000 shall bo
devoted to the preparation and publication of five
thousand copies of the medical statistic? of ihcPro-
vostMaishal General's Bureau, and that the work
shail bo compiled and completed by Assistant Medi-
cal Purveyor J. 11. Baxter, under the immediate
direction of the Secretary of War, and without the
inrerference of any other oflicer.
Mr. PAINE. If it is in order I wish to
move to concur in that Senate amendment
which strikes out the appropriation for the
Signal corps.
The SPEAKER. The question of concur-
rence is before the House. It arises naturally,
and if the gentleman insists on a separate vote
on that amendment the Chair will pat the ques-
tion on concurrence.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Bi,aixje] says that he will be in favor of
concurring in that amendment as a member of
the committee of conference, and I thereiore
withdraw my request.
The question was taken on Mr. Blaine5 s
motion, and it was agreed to.
CANADIAN FIS1IKUIE3.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent- laid
before the House a, letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting a communication
from Mr. George W. Brega, relative to the
Canadian fisheries and the reflations of the
Canadian Government in regard thereto; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Aflairs,
and ordered to be printed.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I desire, as authorized
by the House, to report back from theCom-
mittee of Ways and Means the ofll ^H. K. r>0.
1060) to reduce into one act and to amend the
laws relating to internal taxes. It was my in-
