1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
iJOl
planters hare of sprins supplies necessary to sustain
hum-in and animal labor in innkinar thisi-eason'serop.
luo «U>:«uuo condition of the whole people oi t:ie
S r.!.' the lisonti.s ct' Ai-i51. M.t.^iuid Jnr.e
ba-= *' > par iliol ii\ihzetl n,i:ntii-. iho ttim.ne
i ! Lrehu .1 presented no more lie.iitreniliUK scene*
I:i.iu '.io w.tsiosiol among the pt> >ier classes oi tne
<-iuth l.i;.I spring. Womt'ii andehikiren.iwt m a ^n-.c
H<t:im"\ hut incrs large space ot those Mates, living
or rather keeping their souls in tho body by digging
roots and scraping the iuner bitrk trom trees and
c\ en fillies their stomacht with the tresh herbage
where it cmll be found youny and tender,
" lVoil, therefore, corn and baeon, for the pouple,
both rich  ml poor, blnck and wluto, as well as lor-
nse f,*r t'ie teams, had to he imported from the North
and \Ve~t. and the undersigned heiieves he speaks
within i ound  when he says that all tho surplus money
iu the .•vnth whs sent out for food.
" liie (I inter, having nothing, depended upon tho
factor !'.>r hi* supplies, and the factor could only re-
lir\ o bis wants to a limited extent, and then only by
tjkiuga lien upon tho expeoted erop and upon the
!.u- 1 and mile- and the other available property upon
tbf plantation, and he believes that there is hardly
an instance where tho factor has not gone to tho ex-
treme limit of prudence in making these advances,
especially a« the fall in the anticipated price has
heen so much larger than was calculated upon.
" Advances were mudeand labor contracts adjusted
upon the expectation that the crop would realize in
market at least twenty cents per pound, while the
present price is from five to seven cents below that
figure."
Since he has written this letter it has fallen
still more.
"There has been finned and brought to market
about one third of the crop, but there is still in the
hand.- of the producirs about one million bales cal-
cu'ared at four hundred pounds per bate, the tax upon
which would be near twelve million dollars, less tho
cost of collecting."
Mr. President, in the face of these facts, in
the face of the condition of labor in the south-
ern States, in the face of the declining price of
cotton, it is idle for lis to attempt to collect a
tax of two and a half cents a pound on cotton.
It would be an act of cruelty which I know no
Senator would desire to inflict. It would be
to destroy a branch of industry upon which
depends the labor of millions of souls. Not
only those who really took up arms against the
Government are affected by this legislation, not
only the disloyal rebels, but the very negroes
who have been emancipated from servitude, the
loyal men in the South and those who have
gone from the northern States to the South to
endeavor to cultivate cotton and to make a
living there and improve their condition. It is
perfectly idle, in the face of these accumulated
facts, to attempt to prove to this Senate that it
would be wise to continue a tax so onerous ae
two and a half cents a pound on their cotton.
To take one fourth of all their production, a
raw agricultural product, and gather it into our
Treasury when no other agricultural product is
taxed, is so monstrous a proposition that it
seems to me it is not necessary to reason at
any length upon it. If the price of cotton was
forty cents or fifty cents, as it was when we
levied the first tax, then, comparatively, it
would be a very insignificant tax. Even if the '
prices were what it was when we levied the tax j
a year ago, twenty-five cents, we might do it. !
But Senators may suppose that this is only i
a temporary depression. There is no evidence '■
of that kind. I might read papers here on
this subject; but I will again read from the :
authority of the price current, which is always '
a hard and exact statement, and therefore does
not lie or deceive anybody. Here is the state-
ment made in regard to the cotton market in
New York of Saturday, in the Commercial
Record of that city :
. "The feeling of <mr market is, that although cot-
ton is selling very mnchnnder the costof production,
and that next season cotton will rule at higher pri-
ces, the general ^tato of trade in all the markets of
the world is so unsatisfactory, and the losses on cot-
ton have been so general and so disastrous, that no
immediate permanent improvement in the price of
cotton is to be looked for. Whenever capitalists,
attracted by the low price, will invest in cotton,
there will be no further decline."
The truth is, the enormous production of this
Staple caused by the events of fhe war has
made the cotton plant familiar in nearly all the
countries of the world. Attached to this re-
port are the names of countries thatbaveactu-
ally produced specimens of cotton within the
last few years, and the list extends to every
portion of the civilized globe within certain
latitudes. Tn many parts of the world it can
bp produced cheaper than in others; it can be
produced cheaper and better with us ; but' we
must now enter in competition with the world
in the production of cotton with a very differ-
ent state of affairs from what we had a few
years ago. Then we had compulsory labor
when every laboring man, woman, and child
wns compelled by a taskmaster to work ten,
twelve, and fourteen hours a day in the proper
season. Then we could produce cotton cheaper;
but now we cannot doit. We have now to enter
into competition with other countries under a
very different state of affairs. We have eman-
cipated those laborers and given them their
' rights. The testimony of all now is that the
women and children will no longer work in the
cotton fields. The labor falls on the men.
; You have got to pay the men for their labor,
and if they find that other productions will
yield them more for their labor than the pro-
duction of cotton you will not get the labor
from these people. At this moment, while all
these letters show that the cost of a laboring
man in the South is from one to two hundred
dollars a year, including his board—and that
seems very small to us—yet in India the cost of
a laboring man is only twenty-five dollars. It
is true, the freights are in onr favor ; the quality
of our cotton is much superior; we probably
can prodnee a better staple; but it must be
remembered that there are hundreds of mil-
lions of people in India who are now producing
the cotton crop; that they are extending their
railroads all over India: that they are now
reaching sources of supply in the cotton crop
that never have been reached before ; and that
now we are compelled to compete under a very
different state of affairs from what we did a few
years ago. The truth is, cotton is no longer
king in any country, in any province, in any
State. It is a dethroned monarch. It must
enter the money market of the world and be
bartered and sold like any other product, and
its price will depend entirely on whether it can
be made cheaper in South Carolina or in India.
1 In entering into that competition the South
has jio longer the advantage it had six or seven
years ago. That advantage was lost by her
rebellion.
I have not gone into the merits of this ques-
tion as a question of political economy, because
, that has been discussed before, to show that it
is not wise to tax a raw product .of industry,
either manufacturing or agricultural" and
especially not to the extentthat cotton is taxed ;
but I have based this bill solely upon the fact
that in the present condition of the cotton
market it is unwise, unjust, and oppressive to
continue longer this tax. If the crop of the
present year was all in the hands of the pro-
ducer, if it was now all in the hands of the
negro or the man who produced it, I should be
willing to repeal the tax for the present year,
as I voted a year ago. Bat I think the condi-
tion of the crop is so changed, it having been
sold to a great extent and advances having
been made upon it, that it would be utterly
impracticable to repeal the tax for this year.
It has been partly paid. About one fourth
of the crop has come into the market; another
fourth probably has been passed over to deal-
ers and is now held by speculators; and per-
haps another fourth is yet held, with advances
upon it, under such circumstances that it would
be difficult to ascertain who owns it. It would
involve the country in all sorts of attempts at
fraud. Attempts would be made to show that
the real owner wasthe producer, and we would
have a scene of fraud and difficulty. I believe
it is better to let the tax for the present year
stand and be collected. Although I believe
the collection of the cotton tax will be very
oppressive, yet I do not think the condition of
affairs is such that we can now extend the
repeal to the crop of the present year. The
Senate committee, therefore, deem it proper
to report this bill simply as it was sent to us
from the House, to affect only the future, and
desire to have it passed now, so that the people
of the South, black and white, may make their
contracts after the holidays nre over with a
view to the free cultivation of cotton and the
free competition of our cotton with all the cot-
ton in the world.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 listened, as I always do,
with a good deal of interest to the remarks of
the Senator from Vermont. 1 remember what
he said a few days ago as to what he intended
to prove by the remarks which he meant to
submit to the Senate on this question, and I
think that perhaps the proof was entirely too
much. I understood the statement to be made,
and some papers were read t6 prove it, that
there was no danger of an excess of cotton
from other countries : that the countries in the
East that were producing cotton which came
in competition with ours to some extent were
not likely to produce a great crop, but, on tho
other hand, a small one; and then the argu-
ment was that on that account we should not
stimulate the production at home, because a
small crop here would bring just as much or
more than a large one. Now I submit that
from that statement too much altogether is
proved. If there is to be a small crop from
the countries in the East, then we should stim-
ulate our own production so as to have a large
one at home. If we are to reap the advantage
in the production, let us produce largely, and
stimulate our own production if possible when
other nations are producing small crops.
Again, in this law levying a tax of two and
a half cents a pound on cotton there is no
provision for a drawback, so that it is a sort
of export duty. If a party owning cotton in
this country had the right when he shipped it
to have a drawback of two and a half cents a
pound then he would be on an ecjual footing
with the producers in other countries; but the
facts are, that he pays here two and a half
cents and then undertakes to ship it abroad,
and he is at a disadvantage of two and a half
cents a pound as compared with the producer
of cotton in any other country. Now, I sub-
I mit that if that is not unconstitutional it is
! objectionable. Of course no Senator believes
that we could impose an export duty on cot-
ton directly, and I cannot see how we can do
, it indirectly. I do not see how it is any fairer
[ to do it iti an indirect manner than to put it
on directly.
Again, the amendment which the Senator
says he will submit at the proper time proposes
now to take off the tariff duty upon cotton im-
ported into this country. Why do that? If
we want to give protection to American labor
at all why not protect it to the extent of that
tariff duty? 1 believe it is five cents instead
of two and a half.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Three.
Mr. POMEROY. I have followed the Sen-
ator session after session in protecting Amer-
ican labor, American manufactures, and Amer-
ican skill. We go into the mountains and dig
the ore, and protect the iron manufacturers,
because they tell us "If you do not do that we
have got to reduce the labor of this country to
a par with the labor of foreign despotic Gov-
ernments, where the laborer is not half paid."
Why not afford that incidental protection to
the laborer who is producing cotton, especially
as there is every reason why we should, for
this year at any rate, stimulate the production,
if the statement of the Senator from Vermont
be true that we are threatened with only a
small production in other countries ?_
The Senator also remarked that their cotton
was of an inferior quality, and did not come in
competition with ours. Although it is of an
inferior quality, j;et I apprehend it does come
in competition with ours, for two reasons : in
the first place, they mix it with ours in the
manufacture, and in that way it is in competi-
tion; and secondly, they will use it for the
manufacture of certain articles in the manu-
facture of which our cotton otherwise would
have been used. In two respects, then, it does
come in competition with ours, although an
inferior article. That is why I would continue
the tariff upon foreign-grown cotton.
I do not pretend to argue this question at
