1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
Mr. CONKLING. Let me see that I do not
mislead the Senator. He does not understand
that these two openings are to be contempora-
neous, one following the other, without the
evidence intervening, of course.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The idea is that the prac-
tice is to be precisely as it is in Indiana—not
the practice in Westminster Hall, but the prac-
tice as we know it in this country. The plain-
tiff, for illustration, opens his case and ^ives
his evidence and finishes It; then the defend-
ant opens his case and gives his evidence and
finishes it; and then the summing up occurs.
That is the design here: that the prosecutors
for the House of Representatives open their
case and prove it as far as they can; then the
respondent opens his case and proves it as far
as he can. That is precisely what the amend-
ment means, I submit. I know that is the
design of the mover.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed the rule as
read, with the amendment of the Senator trom
Massachusetts, would be that the House should
make its statement of the case, and be imme-
diately followed by the defense in a statement
of the case. That is the practice with which
I am most familiar myself, though in our courts
the defense may make its statement immedi-
ately after the plaintiff states his case, or may
postpone it until the evidence on the part of
the prosecution is through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now before the Senate is on the motion
made by the Senator from Oregon to strike out
out the twenty-first rale.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose to amend the
rule before that motion is put, in order to ac-
commodate, as I think it will, the views of gen-
tlemen on this question, by inserting after the
word "side" in the middle line of the rule the
words "unless otherwise ordered by the court
upon application for that purpose," so that,
while we shall have a standing rule which will
regulate all cases, it will still be open to the
court, on application, to allow more than two
persons to sum up on each side, if the import-
ance of the case or the state of the emergency
should seem to make it right that it should be
done. I think that ought to be satisfactory to all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that amendment be
adopted, I do not know that I shall have any
objection to the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to insert after the word "side," in
the second line of the twenty-first rule, the
words "unless otherwise ordered by the court
upon application for that purpose."
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. CONKLING. What do those words,
then, refer to; the opening or closing argument,
or both?
Mr. HOWARD. How will the rule read
then?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule will
be read as proposed to be amended.
The Secretary. The twenty-first rule, if
amended as proposed, will read as follows :
Tlie case on cach side shall be opened by one per-
son; and the final argument on the merits may be
made by two persons on each side, unless otherwise
oidorcd by tlio court upon application for that pur-
and the argument shall be opened and closed
Oil the part of the House of Representatives.
Air. CONKLING. Do not let us vote under
a misapprehension. I think those words will
relate both to the opening and closing argu-
ment. If the Senator means that the case
shall be opened on each side by one counsel,
and the closing argument shall be made by two
counsel on each side, unless the court shall
otherwise order, so be it: but I think a fair
construction of the rule would make it npp.y
both to the opening and closing arguments,
unless it depends wholly on punctuation.
40tft Coxu. 2d Sf/w.—No. 100.
Mr. FERRY. It will not do any harm if
that is so.
Mr. CONNESS. Let that be taken as the
meaning.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; but let us
understand what is the meaning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to propose an amend-
ment to the rule under consideration. It is to
insert at the end of the rule the following
words:
Andt the counsel of the party accused in all trials
to which these rules are to apply shall be allowed
the closing turn in the final argument.
Mr. President, my colleague gave as a rea-
son for a proposition made by himself or some
other Senator a short time since that it was the
established rule in Connecticut in all criminal
trials in a certain instance which he alluded
to. This is the established rule in the State
of Connecticut, and has been, I think, for a
period of time during which he has been pros-
ecuting attorney: in all criminal cases, in all
trials against an accused party, he is allowed
the closing turn, if I am not mistaken.
Mr. FERRY. My colleague will permit me
to suggest that that is the law of Connecticut,
adopted in 1848, and, by my own experience,
the law then adopted has worked prejudicially
from the time of its adoption. I opposed it at
the time.
Mr. DIXON". That is the Senator's opinion.
But his statement in the other instance was that
the law of Connecticut worked beneficially.
The Senator, it must be remembered, has been
prosecuting attorney during that time, and it
has worked probably against what he thought
might be the ends of justice. I think it is a
proper rule. I think it is right. Itwasadopted
in the State of Connecticut on the ground that
the party accused ought to be heard finally ;
that after all the testimony has been offered and
all the arguments made he should have the
final hearing. I therefore offer it as the law
and the rule of the State of Connecticut, which
has been found there, in my judgment, to work
well, although it may possibly, in certain cases,
have been to the disappointment of my friend,
the prosecuting attorney. I have offered this
amendment in good faith. I believe that jus-
tice and fairness require it. I think, in this
instance and in all instances, a party accused
should have the final argument. What is the
object of the argument in a case of this kind?
To arrive at the truth ; to ascertain what is the
law, what is the testimony ; and, if there is any
advantage in the way of argument, it seems to
me every candid man would say the accused
should have it. When that change was made
in the law of Connecticut it commended itself
to every just and high-minded man. I never
heard before a word of complaint of it. I have
heard many lawyers and many prosecuting
attorneys say that it operated well in that State.
I do not know but that it is the law in other
States; possibly it may be the law in New
York.
Mr. CONIvLING. In no other State but
Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. It is posssible that no other
State has reached that high plane of justice
which the State of Connecticut ha^ reached
on this question ; but I desire that it should
be applied to this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon withdraw his motion to
strike out the twenty-first rule?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Thef PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
rule will bo read.
The Secretary road rule twenty-two, as fol-
, lows:
XXII. If thr  impeachment shall not be sustained
i by the votes of two thirds of the members! of said
high court of impeachment present and voting a
judgment of acquittal shall be entered; but the
person accused in such articlodof impeachment shall
be convicted hy the votes of two thirds of the mem-
bers of such court present the court, by its presiding
officer, shall proceed to pronounce judgment, and a
certified copy of such judgment shall be deposited
in the office of the Secretary of State.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer an amend-
ment to that rule. It is to insert at the begin-
ning of the rale the following words :
On the final Question, whether the impeachment
is sustained, the yeas and nays shall be taken on
each article of impeachment separately, and.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. CONIvLING. It is provided for in
another rule. That is the only objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
that same section, in line two, by striking out
the words "members of said high court of
impeachment" and inserting the word "Sen-
ators;" and also by striking out the words
"and voting" after the word "present;"' so
that it shall read:
On the final question, whether the impeachment
is sustained, the yeas and nays shall be taken on
oach article of impeachment separately, and if the
impeachment shall not be sustained by the votes oi
two thiids of the Senators present a. judgment of
acquittal shall be entered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
raises a very important question, it seems to
me, upon which I have not any very definite
ideas; but still, before we are precluded on
this point, it is well enough for the Senate to
understand it. I should like to know exactly
the position that the Chief Justies occupies as
the presiding officer of the court of impeach-
ment. The rules, as they are reported to us,
leave the question of the precise attitude of
the Chief Justice open, to be determined by
the court; but this rule will preclude and con-
clude the Chief Justice from participating in
the trial of the case and voting. Now, Mr.
President, I consider it a very grave question
whether or not the Chief Justice, who is made
by the Constitution the presiding officer of this
tribunal in a certain contingency, is not sub-
stituted in place of the ordinary Presiding
Officer of the Senate, and entitled to vot.e_ as
one member of this court. Every presiding
officer of every court necessarily votes unless
he is excluded from voting. The Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, as a member of the
Senate, could vote, did not the Constitution
expressly exclude him from voting ; but, as
the Constitution declares that the Vice Presi-
dent shall not vote in any ease unless there is
a tie, he is excluded from voting. I do not
know that this question has ever been dis-
cussed by the committee. There never could
have been any precedents, because there lias
been no case of the kind, and I think it very
important for us to consider the question as to
whether the Chief Justice, in presiding, sim-
ply puts the questions, or whether he, as pre-
siding officer, is entitled to a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think the most conclu-
sive answer to the doubt started by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio—for I understand it to
be nothing more than a doubt in his own mind:
a state of uncertainty—[Mr. Sherman. That
is all]—is found in the Constitution itself, which
declares that—
" IVhen the President of the United States is
tried the Chief Justice shall preside; and no person
shall be convicted without aconcurrence of two thirds
of the members present."
Mr. SHERMAN. Of the members of the
court of impeachment.
Mr. HOWARD. The Constitution is speak-
ing of '' the. Senate.'' To show who '' the mem-
bers'' are turn back to the first clause of the
same section:
" The Senate of the United States shall beconrposed
of two Senators from each State, chosen_foy the kegn-
lature thereof for six years; and each Senator shall
have one vote."
Now, sir, without going into this question,
which the Senator regards as one of gravity, I
have only to say this: that I do not regard the
Chief Justice sitting upon such a trial as a
member of the court in the ordinary sense of
the word: but that lie is the presiding officer
of the court, vested, of course, with authority to
