1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
keep order and to participate perhaps in estab-
lishing the rules of the body. At all events,
whether authorized so to participate or not, his
duty as a presiding officer will be to see that
the rules of that so-called court are enforced.
But,_sir, I entirely repel the idea that he, as the
presiding officer of the Senate on that occasion,
has any right to vote upon any question prop-
erly coming before the Senate and challenging
their votes. He is not a member of the Sen-
ate; and the Constitution gives to the mem-
bers of the Senate "the sole power to try all
impeachments." I should not have said as
much as I have had not the honorable Senator
from Ohio seemed to draw it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish Senators to dis-
tinctly understand that upon this matter I have
no definite conclusion, although I have studied
the question with a good deal of care. I have
never conversed with a single soul in regard to
it. But if Senators will examine carefully the
clauses of the Constitution which relate to the
subject, they will find that the question is a
more difficult one than perhaps at first view
they may imagine. There is no precedent for
a case of this kind, and therefore we cannot
draw any information from analogy in other
cases. The framers of the Constitution in-
tended to make a court of last resort for the
trial of all officers of the Government, includ-
ing the President of the United States. In
constituting this court for the trial of all officers,
except the President of the United States,
they selected the Senate of the United States
as the tribunal, as the period of office is longer,
and they would probably be as free from pop-
ular clamor and popular prejudice as any other
political body conld be. As a matter of course,
on the trial of ordinary offenders the Vice
President, if there was one, would preside and
have a vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only in case of a tie.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will inquire of the
Senator if the Vice President would have a
vote on the final judgment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Only in case of a tie.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But he could not be
counted as one of a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I think not, because
the Constitution expressly excludes that. I
will come to that point. Now, if a Presiding
Officer is elected by the Senate, either on ac-
count of the sickness or absencs or inability
of the Vice President to preside, he would
undoubtedly have a right to vote. The Pre-
siding Officer would undoubtedly have a right
to vote, because he is not only a Senator having
a personal right to his seat as a Senator, buthe
is a representative of a State, and that State
would have a right to vote ; and his mere elec-
tion as Presiding Officer would not disfranchise
him from voting.
Under these circumstances, when the Presi-
dent is to be tried, the Constitution declares,
the Senate still having the sole power to try all
impeachments, that the Chief Justice shall
preside over that tribunal. What does that
mean? That he shall be here simply as a figure-
head? No, sir. In every case whore a man
is made the presiding officer of any tribunal,
of any convention, of any political body, it
necessarily implies the right to vote, unless that
implication is excluded by the instrument itself.
There is no doubt whatever but that the Vice
President of the United States could vote every
day in our proceedings but for one thing; and
that is, that the Constitution carefully excludes
him from the right to vote except in case of a
tie. But who doubts that but for that single
clause of the Constitution which declares that
the Vice President of' the United States shall
not vote except in case of a tie he could do it?
Suppose the clause read "the Vice President
of the United States shall be President of the
Senate;" suppose it stopped there; would not
the Vice President have a right to vote? The
very implication drawn from the fact that he is
the Presiding Officer of the Senate would give
him a vote; but it goes on and says, "but shall
have no vote unless they be equally divided."
The very fact that this language was used to
exclude him from the right to vote, shows that
in the absence of that language he would have
the right to vote.
And, sir, when the Chief Justice is substituted
in the place ofthe Presiding Officer of this body,
without any exclusion from the right to vote,
without any exception made as against him, he
is made a member of this court, to participate
in the proceedings of this court; and it does seem
to me, in the absence of all other precedents of
exclusion or constitutional provision, he would
have a right to vote. I do not knoiv that the
Chief Justice would take the same view of it
or desire to vote, but it does seem to me that
the Constitution, by substituting this high officer
here as the Presiding Officer of this body, did
not intend to make him a mere instrument or
medium to put a question to the body, but
intended to make him a part of the tribunal or
court to try the case. Thatis the way it strikes
me. Therefore, it seems to me, that m making
your rule, if you exclude this idea before the
court is organized, it would be doing more than
simply to prepare for the trial of the case. I
do not wish to discuss it. My own impression
is that it would be much better to leave this
question open until the court is formed, and
then if the question should ever arise, as I do
not anticipate that it will, it willbetimeenough
for us to decide it when the court is in session
or when the Senate resolves itself into a court
of impeachment.
Mr. HOWARD. The question raised by the
honorable Senator from Ohio does not seem to
be very pertinent at this stage of our discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is raised expressly by
the motion to amend. The Senator from Maine
makes this point distinctly by his amendment,
because he provides that the "Senators" shall
vote.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine adopts, in effect, the lan-
guage of the Constitution itself, as I under-
stand it; and so far I think it entirely proper
to be adopted. I must, however, now and at
all times, so far as I can see my way, repel the
idea that the Chief Justice is a member of the
so-called court of impeachment, or has any
right to vote during the deliberations of that
court, or upon any question arising during the
trial. I do not propose to go into it further
now, although I see the gravity of the ques-
tion, and have for some time been entirely sen-
sible of it.
I will say, however, before I take my seat,
that if we regard the analogies presented to us
in the constitutional history of England, the
same result which I claim to be the truth hero
will be arrived at. The House of Lords sit as
a high court of impeachment. They are pre-
sided over when thus sitting either by the Lord
Chancellor or the Lord High Steward ; and
the precedents are numerous and clear that the
Lord Chancellor, although thus presiding, or
the Lord Steward thus presiding, has no vote
in the House of Lords in virtue of his presi-
dency of the body ; but if he be a peer he lias,
in right of his peerage, the right to vote ; but
it is put upon that ground, and that ground
only. As president of the body he has 110
right evefl to decide questions where the body
is equally divided. I have said all I wish to
say 011 the question at present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
a word as I proposed the amendment, though
I have been anticipated to a great extent by
the Senator from Michigan, in what I intended
to say. I think it very clear that the Senate,
and the Senate alone, constitute the court; and
that is my proposition. Nov/, unless the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Ohio
shows that, by adoption, the Chief Justice be-
comes a member of the Senate, he is neces-
sarily excluded. What is the process of argu-
ment by which ho adopts him as a member of
the Senate? Why, he says, the fact that he
is transferred hero necessarily makes him a
member of the court. To avoid all confu-
sion of ideas, suppose we adhere to the prin-
ciple, the word " Senate." Does it make him
a member of the Senate because he is called
here to preside over them? Certainly not, in
the ordinary acceptation of the term. But
does it for the particular purpose of this trial?
I say no : and the analogies referred to by the
honorable Senator from Ohio to prove it all
fail, because it is not a principle of parliament-
ary law that a person adopted by*the body, not
belonging to the body, brought in from the
outside to preside, thereby becomes a member
of the body, and entitled to all the privileges
and rights of the body itself. That is fully
proved by the illustration put by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that in cases of this
kind in England, which are precisely analogous,
when the Lord Chancellor is presiding in the
House of Lords, sitting as a high court of im-
peachment, who is not himself a member of
the court, he has no vote. If he happens to
be a peer, he has a vote; but although he pre-
sides as Lord Chancellor and rules on the law,
and is there because he is supposed to be
learned in. the law, he has no vote, no voice
whatever, and simply because he is not a mern-
ber of the body. And so the Chief Justice in
this case presides here, and his functions to my
mind are very obvious. He is here for the
benefit of his supposed legal learning. The
amendment which I propose, it seems to me,
follows precisely the language of the Constitu-
tion ; certainly what is contemplated by the
Constitution.
Mr. CONKLING. The question which is
now under consideration is one to which I have
given a good deal of attention, and if it were
necessary to discuss it I should be as willing
as any other Senator to do so. It seems to me,
however, there is no necessity for discussing it
now, and that this is not the proper time for
its consideration. It arises in the mind ot the
Senator from Ohio only on account of the use
of one word in the amendment suggested by
the Senator from Maine. He proposes to say
two thirds of the "Senators" present. Now,
I ask the Senator from Maine whether he will
not relieve us, considering the hour of the day,
by changing his amendment so as to adopt the
word which occurs in the Constitution, thatis,
the word " members." Then the whole force
of his amendment will be to strike out the
words "of said high court of impeachment,"
and postpone this question, if there be any
question about it, until an appropriate time for
its consideration. I inquire of the Senator
from Maine whether that will not answer his
purpose sufficiently, to strike out the words
"of said high court of impeachment,'' leaving
the word " members" to stand as it stands now,
that being the word employed in the Constitu-
tion.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. The amendment
which I propose would have no significance at
all if I should do that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will see that
my suggestion would leave his amendment sig-
nificant in striking out the words " high court
of impeachment," and leaving it precisely
where the Constitution leaves it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That, I suggest,
is simply an amendment in phrase. °°
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. It is an
amendment which goes to thequestion whether
the Senate sheds its coat in an impeachment
case and takes on a new character and be-
comes a new body. I think there is substance
in that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
calling the Senate a high court of impeachment
changes the fact at all. It is still the Senate,
whatever phrase you use. But if you say, as
you do in this rule, that when you come to an
impeachment it shall be, not "two thirds of
the Senators, ' but "two thirds of the mem
bers," I can understand that you might be em-
barrassed ; because, in a certain sense, you
may have a member in this court, if you please
to call it so, who is not a Senator; and that is
the sign-.ficance which I attach to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator from
Maine think it is important to adhere to the
