2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M&f 27,
tention to movp to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and have it made the special order for to-day
and thence on, as the House authorized, fropi
day to day until disposed of; bat after some
conference with the Committee on Appropria-
tions with reference to the state of business I
have agreed to submit a motion that it be re-
, ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
' state of the Union and made the special order
for to-morrow after the morning hour and from
day to day until disposed of. And before that
motion is put I desire to explain to the Heuse
that under the instructions of the Committee
of Ways and Means I report the printed bill
back without amendments. The committee
have been revising the bill and will have a
numberof amendments—not a very great num-
ber, however—to submit as the sections shall
be read in their order. They are mostly of a
verbal character, giving greater precision and
exactness to the bill, and I am instructed to
offer them as the reading proceeds.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
tinder a suspension of the rules on Monday this
bill was ordered to be made the special order
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union every day after the morning hour until
disposed of, and it is now the special order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask thatitbepost-
poned until after the morning hour.
Mr. BLAINE. What will be the result of
referring the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? Will it
have precedence of the Indian appropriation
bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Indian appropriation
bill was made a special order at an earlier day
than the tax bill and must he the lirst, disposed
of, unless the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union should lay it aside.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
DECORATIONS OF SOLDIERS' GRAVES.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered,-and unanimously adopted :
AVhercas the 30th day of May instant is designated
for the purpose of stimviug flowers upon the graves
of those who died in defense of their country duiing
the late rebellion: and wherens public and private
duties forbid many citizens of the na,tion from per-
sonal participation, and circumstances render it im-
practicable for many to visit with their offorinKS the
graves of their heroic dead who rest in national burial
places distant from home and kindred consecration:
Therefore, in behalf of this body and the people rep-
resented who unavoidably tire deprived of tliesncred
memorial of personally responding to this patriotic
homage:
Be it resolved, That General N. Michlcr, Superin-
tendent of Public Grounds be, and ho is hereby, in-
structed to prepare and transmit, so far as practicable,
to eaeh of the national Union soldiers' cemeteries,
selections of flowers from all the public gardens, to
be intermingled with like touchinsly beautiful offer-
ings of other citizens who, upon that hallowed occa-
sion, gather to cast floral tributes of grateful devo-
tion to the memory of fallen braves who, in defense
of universal liberty, cheerfully and nobly died that
the llepublie might live,
DOCUMENTS FOB NATIONAL ASYLUM.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time :
Revolved, That therebeplacedunder the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior one copy of each of
tho following documents, n.iniely, ttie Journals of
each House of Congress at eacu and every session,
thehiwsot Congress, the annual messages of the
Piesident, with accompanying documents, and all
other documentor houks winch maybe printed or
hound by order of either House of Congress, including
the Congressional Globe, to be sent to the national
asylum for disabled volunteer soldiers at Dayton,
Ohio, for the library connected therewith.
No objection was made.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will ask my colleague
[Mr. Schexok] to modify his resolution so as
to include each of the national asylums; that
is. to add to the national asylum at Dayton,
Ohio, the branches at Augusta, Maine, and at
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to submit a single
word of explanation. The reason why I sub-
mitted the resolution in its present
simply this: the national asylum for disabled
volunteer soldiers is in fact and by law one
institution. It has, however, three establish-
ments, the central asylum, as it is termed, at
Dayton, Ohio, and two branches, one at Au-
gusta, Maine, and the other at Milwaukee,
Wisconsin. The soldiers at Dayton, Ohio,
have established for themselves, with the aid
of the contributions of the benevolent, the
beginning of a very good library. There are
nearly a thousand inmates of that asylum now ;
there are but some two hundred or thereabouts
at each of the other branches. Upon visiting
these soldiers I find that they are ready, willing,
and desirous to read anything in the shape of
information, and political information particu-
larly. I have no objection to the amendment
suggested by my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
and will modify the resolution by inserting the
words "and branches at Augusta, Maine, and
Milwaukee, Wisconsin," after the words "at
Dayton, Ohio." There are no other asylums
of a national character.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether it was the soldiers at this
asylum that the Legislature of his State has
recently disfranchised, as reported in the
papers?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; these very soldiers;
and nobody understands it better, or will make
stronger comments upon it in due time, than
the soldiers themselves.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 277)
calling for reports of national banks ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHJBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN SEDGWICK.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the consideration
of a substitute reported from the Committee
of Claims by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Mercur] for House joint resolution
No. 96, for the relief of John Sedgwick, col-
lector of internal revenue in the third district
of California.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to John Sedgwick, collector of internal
revenue in the third district of California, the
sum of $3,500, or so much thereof as the
proper accounting officer shall, from satisfac-
tory vouchers, determine to be necessary, to
secure to him a salary of that amount for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, in addition
to the amount he necessarily paid out in cur-
rency in the discharge of his official duties lor
said year.
Mr. MERCUR. So many days have elapsed
since the report of the Committee of Claims
upon this joint resolution was read that per-
haps the facts of the case may have passed out
of the recollection of members who may have
heard that report.
This joint resolution is for the relief of John
Sedgwick, who was the collector of internal
revenue in the third collection district of the
State of California, and proposes to allow him
a compensation of $3,500 for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1864. Prior to that
time, under the legislation of Congress, the
Secretary of the Treasury was limited to the
allowance of the gross sum of $10,000, to be
paid to the collector of each district, which
sum included not only all the expenditures
which are paid to the assistants in the various
sub-districts, but also the compensation for his
services. This third district in California is one
of a very large territory composed of twenty-
one counties. And according to the custom of
that country the collector paid his assistants
in coin, and the $10,000 were substantially
absorbed in the payment of the necessary ex-
penses of the district, leaving nothing to bo
retained for the collector. Since that time the
law of Congress has been changed, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has been authorized and
empowered to make an additional allowance to
the collector; and in pursuance of thatauthority
he has, since the fiscal year ending June 30,
1864, allowed and paid the collector for his
services the sum of $3,500. This bill proposes
to pay him for his services during that year
precisely the same amount which he has_annu-
ally received for his services since that time.
This matter was brought to the attention of
the House during the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and a joint resolution intended to give Mr.
Sedgwick the relief asked for was then passed.
I ask the Clerk to read that resolution:
The Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of John
Sedgwick, collector of internal revenue ior the third
collection district of California.
Be it resolved by the Senate and llouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized to audit and settle the accounts
of John Sedgwick, collector of internal revenue for
the third collection district of California, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1864, as to him may appear just
and equitable.
Approved, March 2,1867.
Mr. MEKCUR. I ask the Clerk to read
also the letter from the Treasury-Department
which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, March 11,1867.
Sir : I transmit herewith a copy of a private reso-
lution, No. 22, approved March 2, 1867, authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and settle tho
account of John Sedgwick, esq., late internal rev-
enue collector tor the third collection district of Cal-
ifornia.
I will thank you to give the matter your consid-
eration, and advise the Department of your views
relative thereto.
Respectfully, J. F. HARTLEY,
Assistant Secretary.
Hon. E. A. Rollins, Commissioner Internal Revenue.
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal Revenue,
Washington, March 12, 1867.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of.yours of the 11th instant, transmitting copy of a
private resolution No. 22, authorizing the settlement
of the account of John Sedgwick, collector of inter-
nal revenue for the third district of California, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1864.
When the recommendation was made for an in-
crease in the allowance to collectors on the Pacific
coast, it was intended that Mr. Sedgwick should rea-
lize a personalsalaryof $3,500. This, however, he was
unable to do, owing to the great expense attending
the administration of his office and the provision in
the law of 1863 limiting the gross amount to be paid
any collector to §10,000.
I nowrecomraend that an order be issued under
which the Auditor and Comptroller will he author-
ized to allow Mr. Sedgwick a personal salary ot $3,500
for the fiscal year ending June 30, l86rUexclusive of
necessary and proper expenses as shown by satis-
factoiy vouchers.
Very respectfully, THOMAS HARLAN,
Acting Cbmhtissiuner.
Hon. II. McCulloch,
Secretary of Treasury, Washington, D. C.
Treasury Department, June 20,1867.
Sir: Your letter of March 12, recommending an
allowance of §3,500 ior the fiscal year ending June
30, 186-1, to collcctor John Sedgwick,of the third dis-
trict of California, was referred soon after its receipt
to the First Comptroller for an estimate of the amount
required.
The Comptroller's reply, a copy of which is here-
with inclosed,after stating the difficulties in the way
ot making such an estimate, discusses the question
of power in the premises, and reaches the conclusion
j that theilecretary of the Treasury is not authorized,
| either by the special act retorrins to this case or by
, any other law, to make Mr. Sedgwick an allowance
j for compensation.
1 I concur with tho Comptroller in the viowwhichho
