202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
any great length, and I am not going to do so.
I say tlie logic of the Senator from Vermont is
not according to his own statement of the facts.
His logic would discourage us from producing
cotton in this country. The statement of the
facts shows that we should stimulate the pro-
duction if there is to be a small crop abroad:
and I know of no reason in the condition of
our finances or the system of labor or anything
else why we should not encourage it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I notice, Mr. Presi-
dent, it frequently happens that when there is
a considerable clamor for a change in the law
favoring a particular interest there seems to
bean equal clamor or some very.plausible rea-
son to be given why it should be done at once,
without stopping to consider how it is to affect
other matters perhaps of equal interest. In
this particular instance, with reference to the
cotton tax, it is said you must not only-take
off this tax, of which I shall speak presently,
but you must take it off now ; you cannot wait
even until February or March, when we shall
have the whole subject of internal revenue under
consideration, and be able to adjust all such
matters with refereuce to the condition of the
country and the wants of the Treasury. The
reason given is, that certain persons engaged
in the raising of cotton have been iu the habit
of making their contracts for labor at a certain
season of the year, and it is very inconvenient
to them that we should oblige them by our
want of action on the subject to make their
contracts at any other season. To my mind,
that is not by any means a conclusive or even
a plausible argument for taking this matter up
and pushing it through in such hot haste, if it
is really a question so connected with others
that they ought to be considered together. It
may be somewhat inconvenient for persons
engaged in the raising of cotton to make their
contracts at a different season from that in
which they have been in the habit of making
them ; but the condition of labor in the South
is such, unquestionably—we have it from all
sources—that contracts to be made in relation
to this matter can be made as well at one time
as another; that is to say, at any time before
it is necessary to commence operations. I hold
this argument, therefore, to be simply a mere
excuse for pushing the measure through before
we have time to consider what effect it may
have with reference to other subjects properly
to be taken into consideration by the Senate,
and before, in fact, we know what is to be the
condition of the Treasury the coming year.
_ Now, sir, I think this question is to be con-
sidered precisely like any other. Is it expe-
dient to do this thing; and, if so, is it expedient
to do it in such hot haste as is proposed by the
honorable Senator, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance ? I have considered the last
proposition. Now, as to the first, I beg leave
to take issue with some things that have been
said by Mr. Wells, the Special Commissioner
of Revenue. I do not agree with him by any
manner of means that this tax was considered
in the beginning merely a temporary measure.
It certainly was not so considered by me. The
question of laying a tax upon cotton was one
very much debated in committee, and very much
debated at different times in both branches of
Congress, and I am not aware that at the time
the tax was originally laid it was conceded to
be a mere temporary measure for temporary
purposes. It was put upon entirely different
grounds. It was put, according to my recol-
lection, upon the propriety of the thing itself.
It is very true that, as a question of laying a
tax upon an agricultural product, it was much
considered, and that objection was made. That
objection has little force with me. A tax may
as well be laid upon an agricultural product as
upon any other, if it is such a product as to
render the tax advisable. It sometimes hap-
pens, and most frequently happens, with re-
gard to nearly all agricultural products, that
they are used for the most part in our own
country and by our own people, and that to jj
tax them would be a hardship. i;
But this reasoning does not apply to cotton, ii
A very small, comparatively, proportion of
the cotton raised in this country is used at
home. The greater part of it is sold and used
abroad. If it is so objectionable to put a tax
upon an agricultural product, why do so many
gentlemen argue that we ought to put a tax
upon tobacco in the leaf? That js atl agricul-
tural product. For the simple reason, the
ground of their argument is, tnat it is a lux-
ury, not a necessity; that it is used abroad as
well as at home; it is a very proper subject
from which to raise revenue; and if we can
get at it better in the leaf—and that is my opin-
ion, and I hope a system will be devised by
means of which we shall be able to do that—
so much the better. The reasoning, therefore,
that it should not be taxed because it is an
agricultural product does not apply. Neither
does it apply to cotton.
The reasoning, as I stated before, upon which
the tax was laid upon cotton was that it was a
proper subject of taxation ; that the great bur-
den of the tax would come upon foreigners;
and that there was no reason, as it was a pro-
duct of which we had substantially the monop-
oly at one time, and hoped to have in the future,
when the relations of the States of the Union to
each other should have again resumed their ori-
ginal position, why, from the very nature of the
case, it should not be made to pay something into
the revenue, something toward the support of
the Government, just as well as any other prod-
uct or as any other article, whether an agricul-
tural product or not.
There was another reason, sir. I hold with
a distinguished French statesman that the
proper end of every unsuccessful rebellion
undoubtedly is clemency and benefits. It is
what we ought to come to just as fast and as
far as possible. I hold that that should be the
proper end of this rebellion that we have sup-
pressed, or this revolution, if you choose to
call it so, which has been unsuccessful on the
part of the revolutionists. But while I hold
that the proper termination of it should be, as
stated, clemency (which has been exercised, in
spite of all that our enemies say of us, to an
extent hitherto unexampled in the history of
the world with regard to punishment) and ben-
efits—all that we can render in order to build
up that broken down section of our Union—
yet I do not hold that we ought to go so far
as to exempt a great section of our country
entirely from all support of the Government
and all contributions to its aid. Why, sir, our
Secretary of the Treasury has made a propo-
sition, and I confess that the proposition does
not yet strike me very unfavorably—I have not
made up my mind upon it—with regard to the
finances that is to be remarkably for the bene-
fit of the southern section of the country. It
is that we turn our permanent debt into a six
per cent, stock, and take from that one per
cent, to be divided among the States, handing
out to the States of the Union which went
into the rebellion their proportion, according
to the population, of all that is to be deducted
from changing the stock. It may be wise to
do so. I have no opinion now to express upon
it. _ I do not know but that I shall be in favor
of it for the good it will do to other States.
But, sir, I do think that the thing may be car-
ried too far. It is very well known that I have
supported several measures which have passed
the Senate, but which I believe have not be-
come laws, which were calculated for the ad-
vantage of the southern section of the country;
but I am not willing at once to go so far as to
exempt that section from all burdens, and to
say, now that we are restored to our old con-
dition, they shall contribute nothing either at
the present moment or hereafter toward the
support of the Government.
Sir, it was with reference to the perpetuity
of this tax, to the propriety of a great staple
like this paying something toward the support
of the Government hereafter, not so much in
the present as iu the future, it was to establish
a. system that the tax was laid in the begin-
ning. We did question something with regard
to the amount of it. I was among those who
were for making it smaller than it is. The
Committee on finance of the last Congress, if
I recollect aright, at the last revision of the
internal revenue tax, placed it at two cents a
pound, and on a division with the House of
Representatives it was finally put at two cents
and a half. I would have been satisfied with
that; perhaps I would have been satisfied with
less; but the great idea was that there was to
be something levied on this great staple from
its peculiar relation to the business of the
world, and from the fact that we all under-
stand that the largest proportion of it—I can-
not say how much; my friend from Rhode
| Island-[Mr. Spragde ] could tell me; four
j fifths perhaps—goes abroad, and that we should
i derive a revenue from it in consequence of that
j very fact. I know the question of an export
11 duty was raised, but it never amounted to much,
ij I believe, in anybody's mind. So far as in-
, ternal taxes are concerned, they may be levied
upon anything, no matter whether it goes
■ abroad or not.
i | I disagree, therefore, with the Commissioner
i; in his statement that this was intended as a
1 i temporary measure. With regard to the tax
! itself, one thing is certain: it has given us,
even in the present condition of affairs, $27,-
000,000, as my friend from Vermont states,
and perhaps more than twenty-seven million
,j dollars toward the revenue within the last year.
More than all that, the system is such that it is
one of the easiest and surest taxes to collect; so
that everything, in fact, is in favor of it, unless
it be that, in the present condition of this par-
ticular interest, we have arrived at a point where
we ought to lift the burden in order to encour-
age the production. That is another question,
and one which may very properly be con-
sidered.
J The argument is, that this article has fallen
to so low a price that the tax has become too
; burdensome. That may be. If it is true, and
! perhaps it is, why should we take the tax off
altogether? Why not, I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, merely suspend its
operation until we see what the effect is to be?
If I believe that tljfc existence of a certain
provision is a matter of good policy I wish to
keep that provision upon the statute-book. It
is much easier to retain a provision when it is
there than to get it on afterward. I do not
approve being quite so hasty, quite so rapid,
so much influenced by clamor. I know there
are several interests which speak pretty loudly
upon this subject. There is the interest of the
cotton-grower ; and allow me to say, sir, that
in my judgment, if ouc friends from Ohio and
Massachusetts and Maine and other places had
not gone down to the South and begun to raise
cotton and write letters about it we should
not have been so much troubled I think about
that section ; that is to say, our minds would
not have been so seriously affected. But I beg
leave to say to my honorable friend, the chair-
man of the committee, that the argument that
the negroes will vote against us on account of
this tax is hardly an argument to influence us
on a question of political economy. I do not
know how they will vote one way or the other.
The question is whether the tax ought to exist
with reference to the interests of the country,
with reference to the interests of the Treasury,
with reference to the future as well as the
present, and not whether we are to get votes
or to lose votes in consequence of it.
Now, sir, my idea is that it may be true that
in the present condition of the production of
cotton it would be well enough to relieve those
engaged in raising it from the tax ; but I do
not wish to abandon the policy, and do not
wish to abandon the idea that it is a proper
article out of which to raise revenue, because,
as my friend from Vermont has said, and I
think has proved in fact, we all know the bur-
den is slight upon this country, and the people
of this country, compared to what it is upon
foreigners. The manufacture of cotton is a
very great interest in this country. As at pres-
ent arranged, our manufacturers of cotton—
although I believe a considerable number of
