86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January Wf
Ho. -of Reps.
Poioers of Supreme Court—Mr. Williams.
40tii Cois'g 2d Sess.
waged by the Executive against the power that
is intrusted under the Constitution with the
making of its laws. There was a time when it
was seriously doubted whether there was any
authority in the States or the United States that
could declare an act of the law-making power
to be invalid because it conflicted with the con-
stitutions of either. That question has been
settled affirmatively on grounds that may be, per-
haps, conceded to be unanswerable, and which
I will not, at all events, attempt to controvert.
It was apparently the logical and necessary
result of an antagonism between a superior law
and an inferior one, which could not bo recon-
ciled without the surrender of one or other of
them. If the fundamental, and of course the
higher law was not to prevail in such a strife,
the Constitution became valueless as a limita-
tion, which it was intended to be. It was not
without reason, however, as we have occasion
from very recent experience to know, that the
jealous and watchful and sagacious Jefferson
referred again and again to the power claimed
for that tribunal, as involving the establishment
of a judicial oligarchy in the land.
We look in vain to the country from which
our institutions are derived for any example of
such a power as this over its constitution and
laws. The royal negative, it is true, may sus-
pend the action of the legislative body, although
in point of fact that prerogative has slept for
near two hundred years, but it settles nothing
in regard to the powers of that arm of the Gov-
ernment, and only stays its operation until the
might of public opinion conies back to bond
even royalty itself before it. No British court,
even the most ancient and venerable, with all
its historic prestige and all its array of learn-
ing, haa ever ventured to set limits to the
authority of the law-giver. The appeal is not
there from Parliament to the courts, but prac-
tically from the courts themselves to Parlia-
ment, as the highest of them all. And well and
faithfully has that great depository of the un-
written laws and customs of England, which
constitute the safeguard of the liberties of its
people, observed and performed that respon-
sible and exalted trust. In the custody of the
courts they would bavesicheiiedund died under
the withering influence of royal favor. The
history of that nation proves abundantly that
in all the struggles between prerogative and
privilege the supplest instruments of tyranny
have been the judges. But to the honor of the
Legislature be it said, that no decision has ever
been made by them which violated the instincts
of the Saxon race, by breaking down its land-
marks, or traversing its great maxims of lib-
erty, by impinging upon the natural rights of
the subject, that has not been eventually re-
versed by the Commons of England in Par-
liament assembled. And thus, without a writ-
ten constitution, with no guides but those high
instincts, those hoary and venerable customs,
and those hallowed traditions of the past, which,
handed down, as they have been, from sire to
son from prehistoric times, make up the body
of their common or customary law, the liber-
ties of Englishmen, so wisely reserved for their
own keeping, have been perpetuated from gen-
eration to generation, not only unimpaired bill
enlarged, improved, developed, and strength-
ened by the flow of centuries. They have not
learned the royal lesson of the last presidential
campaign, which is still rehearsed and reiterated
even here, that the danger of tyranny is from
the many, or, in other words, from themselves,
and that they required the vetoes of a king, or the
supervisory power of a court, to instruct them
as to their rights, and protect them from them-
selves There have been none amongtheirrep-
resentatives so deficient in self-respect as to
abase themselves in the presence of any court;
none so unappreciative of their own high trusts,
or so forgettul of their official dignity, as to insist,
or oven to concede, that there was more wisdom,
and learning, and virtue concentrated in any
body of seven, or eight, or even twelve men in
Westminster Hall, selected by the Crown, than
was to be found in the multitude of counselors
that represent the people of a great empire.
The Parliament of England is the guardian
of the liberties of England, and cannot betray
those liberties without surrendering its own.
And so, too, with our Constitution and all of
value that it contains. When it ceases to be safe
in the hands of all the people, who have a com-
mon inheritance in its provisions, it is idle to
hope that it can be locked up securely under the
custody of any seven or eight men outside, as
so many doctors of the Sanhedrim, with the
high prerogative of reading and interpreting it
to the people, as the imperfect judgment or the
mere caprice of a majority of tliem may deter-
mine. The statesman who holds that wo can-
not safely trust ourselves, and that our only
security is in such a guardianship, surrenders
the idea of self-government as a visionary and
impracticable thing, and confesses tiiata polit-
ical State cannot exist without a master. That
is an ancient superstition. Wise men of old
and some of modern times have entertained it.
The world has generally been governed under it,
often by a hierarchy, ltwas supposed foralong
time to have been exploded here. It is now
revived under the auspices of the Democratic
party—once so host ile to this rcgim e'—i n the idea
that a sort of hieratic college—a priesthood of
a new religion—a little oligarchy of lawyers—is
the only safe depository of the supreme power
of the State. The difference is only between
an octarchy and a monarchy—between eight
sacerdotal masters—a sort of conclave of super-
annuated cardinals—in wigs and gowns, and a
single royal one in purple. Without disparage-
ment to either of these high professions, and
certainly with none to thai to which nearly forty
years of my own life have been devoted, and
which is now sought by some to bo enthroned
at this Capitol as the absolute master of the
State, I must be excused for thinking that,
however flattering may be the offer of the crown
to us, many people would, perhaps, prefer the
purple, with all its attendant splendors, to the
sable regalia of either the priest or the peda-
gogue.
If it has been found, however, that the liber-
ties of Englishmen eould not be safely trusted
to their courts, how much less likely is it that
ours, as a people, can be confided securely to
the same hands here. It may be truly said of
the judiciary of the mother-land, thatsincc the
era of the great Revolution, for a period now of
near two hundred years, there have been no
tribunals among men that have been more
exempt from the frailties of humanity, and
have more nearly approximated to the ideal of
unerring wisdom and perfect justice; and it is
to the fact that the highest honors of the pro-
fession are only accessible to the highest ex-
cellence. that there are no loftier rewards to
tempt ambition, even the most restless and in-
satiable, and that there is a homogeneity among
its people which frees it from the adulteration
of foreign and inferior ethnic elements, that
it is indebted for these exalted qualities. No
favoritism rules in the selection of its judges.
The leader in the forum steps by an admitted
right of succession into the first vacancy on
the bench. It is scarcely within the power of
the Crown itself to disregard this rule in its
appointments. To pass by the trained athletes,
and single out even the greatest of the parlia-
mentary leaders for such a place, would shock
the moral sense of the whole realm. Not so,
unfortunately, with us.
There is, perhaps, scarce a Congressman or
Cabinet officer, who has been long enough in
public life to unlearn all of law that he ever
knew, whose modesty would prevent him from
seeking or accepting the mantle that has fallen
from the shoulders of a Marshall or a Story.
It is not to the leaders ef the bar in this coun-
try that the honors of the profession are awarded,
as their undisputed right; and they are, per-
haps, not sought by them, for the reason that
the rewards' are not commensurate with the
earnings of the higher class of professional
men. And therefore it is that the bar is in most
cases superior to the bench, as^ it cannot be
where the usage prevails of selecting the judges
from the ablest of its members; and therefore
it is, too, that the spectacle of a divided court
is, of late years especially, so common a thing,
that unanimity is the exception rather than the
the rule, and lawyers themselves are startled
at the idea of prescribing a condition that to
them seems impossible. _ I take leave to "ay
that it is no more impossible than the h-;,r.o-
nious agreement of a jury. It is questions of
fact alone that are the most fruitful sources of
difference among men. In matters of pure
science, as the law is sometimes claimed to be,
there is no great room for controversy. High
culture and thorough discipline will go far to
secure accordance in opinion. The best law-
yers will be seldom found to differ where they
arc agreed upon the facts. It is only the pre1
tenders, the mere sciolists, that convert what
ought to be the temple of concord into an arena
of perpetual strife, on the bench as well as at
the bar. In the long term of thirty-two years,
during which Lord Mansfield presided over the
Court of King's Bench, there were, if my
recollcction serves ine right, but two cases of
division among the judges of that court—one
the case of Millar vs. Taylor, upon the great
question of literary property, and the other
that of Perrin vs. Blake, upon the application
of the rule in Shelley's case—and no reversals
in the Exchequer Chamber or in the House of
Lords, except in those two cases, wherein the
dissenting judge was Yates, who was decided
to be right in both. Another Yates might save
the Constitution here against even the errors
of another Mansfield by the adoption of the
proposed amendment. And what is there, in
view of this striking chapter of judicial history,
which is only singled out by way of illustration
of the general harmony that prevails in Eng--
land, to prevent the achievement of the same
result with us; and who is there that will con-
sent, until it is accomplished, to trust the wel-
fare and the very existence of this nation to
such an arbitrament?
But it is not the want of professional training
only that makes the difficulty and the danger
here. The judge, with us, is not so much a
lawyer as a politician. The chances arc that
his politics, and not his knowledge of the law,
have made hi in what he is; and the place lie has
sought and won is, perhaps, but the stepping-
stone to a higher one—which he covets more—
whenever he shall have recommended himself
sufficiently by his conduct there, either to the
President or to the party to which he owes his
exaltation. Without any of the esprit du corps,
the devotion to his proper calling, the high
professional pride that always results from
high professional training, he sinks the lawyer
in the politician, and carries into the temple of
Themis, where no divided worship is admis-
sible, all the prejudice of party, and all the spirit
of the local and sectional demagogne. It is
idle to talk of our courts of justice as merely
judicial institutions. Disclaiming ostensibly
all jurisdiction over political questions, they
are as thoroughly political in their texture and
spirit as the two Houses of Congress them-
selves, over whose atmosphere of mists and
storms they are supposed to float, like disem-
bodied spirits, in the celestial light of an un-
clouded and unbiased reason. Turn to the his-
tory of our jurisprudence, State and national,
and what do you see but the reflection of the
opinions of the party which happens for the
time being to have the ascendant in the courts?
Fortunately, perhaps, for the welfare of this
nation, before it Ms well hardened into the
consistency of an organized Stale, ;he plastic
hand of the party that favored the covenant of
Union was invoked to put its impress c.n the
work and launch it on its high career. If the old
Federalist, however, carricd to the bench one set
