1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
87
40th Cong.,..2d Sess.
Powers of Supreme Court—Mr. Williams.
Ho. of Reps.
of opinions, the old Republican brought with
him another. With the growth of slavery the
State rights Democrat, drawing his inspiration
mainly from that unhallowed institution, took
possession of the State and Federal courts,
stealing away, even in the free Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, the chartered rights of the black
man, under the miserable juggle that the word
"freeman" did not mean a free man, but a
white man, and maintaining its power here and
in the States until that.power culminated and
carried the country down into rebellion and ruin,
in the monstrous paradox that slavery and not
freedom was the law of this Republic, and that
four millions of its native inhabitants were but
aliens and outlaws, with no rights that a white
man was bound to respect.
When the echo of these opinions came back
in the roll of the war drum, and the thunders
of the artillery that shook this Capitol, the Su-
preme Court of the United States, startled, as
it no doubt was, by the unexpected results of
its own work, with one defection only, main-
tained its faith to the Union by adhering to the
Government, affirming its powers of self-con-
servation, and recognizing the belligerent rela-
tions created by the war. It could not well have
been otherwise. Its dignity, its power, its very
existence, were involved in the preservation of
that Union whose integrity was menaced by
the revolt. Not so, however, with the party
judges of the States. While it was no longer
safe to question the power to coerce, wherever
a Democratic judge was found, he was almost
sure to cast his vote into the southern scale by
a denial of the means, while the Republican
judges of the loyal States were ever ready to
enforce the legislation of the governments,
both Federal and State, in aid of the war.
Thus in Pennsylvania, when it was proposed
to arm the soldier with the suffrage in the field,
in order to enable him to protect himself from
"a fire in the rear," the constitutionality of
the law enacted for that purpose was denied
by a Democratic court. If the right of the
General Government to compel the military
service of its citizens in its darkest hour was
sustained even upon the anomalous and ex-
traordinary proceeding of a bill in equity to en-
join the draft, hurried to an argument against
all rule before a full bench, in midsummer
and out of term, while the rebel armies were
thundering at our very gates, and pressing in ser-
ried columns upon the fatal field of Gettysburg,
by the supreme couit of the same State, it was
only through a popular election which deposed
one Democratic judge, and the defection of
another, who preferred his country to his party.
If the legal-tender act, which provided in the
nation's extremity the sinews of war, and fed
and clothed the gallant volunteers who so
freely offered their young lives to the sacred
cause of liberty, was saved from judicial con-
demnation in the same court, it was in the
same way. And now it may be added, since
the danger has apparently passed away, and
the judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, lately united and cemented together
under a feeling of common danger, have conic
to feel that the'Federal judiciary is saved along
with the Union on which it depends, they are
found to divide again according to their original
political connections and proclivities, upon the
validity of the test-oath, the military com-
missions, and perhaps others of the important
measures of self-preservation and defense that
contributed so largely to carry us successfully
through the war, while it is not to be denied,
that if the authority of Congress is not abso-
lutely menaced at (his very moment from the
same direction, this body at least,, if not the
whole country, is affected with the deepest
alarm by rumors of a combination between
the Executive and the courts for the overthrow
of the legislative power.
Allow me to remark, however, that in what
I have just, said in relation to the decisions of
tWcourts I have not intended to inquire who
of the judges involved were right and who
were wrong, because it is not necessary to the
argument, and gentlemen on the other side, to
whom it is equally addressed, might differ with
me as to that. Die object I have in view just
here is only to make good the allegation that
the decisions of the courts, on constitutional
questions especially, are almost invariably gov-
erned by the party affiliations of the members,
and therefore not so much the judgments of
lawyers as of politicians. If the fact be so, itis,
of course, and must forever be, in the mutations
of party and with the ever-changing kaleido-
scope of politics, entirely fatal to the idea of
uniformity of decision, and nothing is ever to
be settled, as nothing apparently has been set-
tled incontrovertibly heretofore. Assuming it
to be true, moreover, there is an end of all argu-
ment in support of the judgment of a divided
court, if there is not an end of all apology for
treating even its unanimous decisions on ques-
tions of constitutional law as conclusive upon
Congress and the people when they are not
even conclusive upon themselves.
It was a grave error, therefore, as I honestly
think, oil the part of the founders of this Re-
public, when they departed from the example
of our British ancestors in giving place to such
an anomaly, instead of reserving the ultimate
judgment in all such cases to their own Rep-
resentatives, or at least preserving their con-
trol over the judiciary, by the method of ad-
dress by two thirds of both Houses, which was
provided in the statute of 9 William III, and
has been copied by some of the State con-
stitutions, instead of relying only on the inade-
quate remedy of impeachment, which corrects
no error, however vital, and leaves the default-
ing judge to shelter himself under the plea that
he erred from ignorance only, or without cor-
rupt intent. To meet this difficulty, however,
I have had the honor to submit a constitutional
amendment to the same effect, in order to
maintain the just authority of the law-making
power, by bringing the Federal judiciary witlnn
the reasonable control of Congress, with such
qualifications as will guard it sufficiently against
abuse, which I propose to bring to the notice of
the House atsome more favorable opportunity.
Assuming, however, that the power of review
is properly lodged with the Supreme Court, the
question is whether the limitation proposed
would be a proper one. That it is so is, I
think, demonstrable from well-settled princi-
ples, and as a logical result of the decisions of
the court itself.
It is admitted on all hands that questions of
this sort are of great delicacy, and ought not
to be even heard, except in the presence of a
full bench. This is the rule in Pennsylvania,
and perhaps everywhere else, and the practice
of the Supreme Court of the United States is
shown by the Reports to be in strict accord-
ance with it. (6 Wheaton.) There can be no
possible objection, therefore, to so much of
the bill as merely imparts the sanction of law
to what is already recognized as a rule of the
court.
But the rulings of the courts do not stop
short with the concession of the principle, that
cases of this nature ought not to be heard
| except before a full bench. It is still further
i admitted, as well by the Supreme Court of the
United States as by the judieiaUribunals of all
j the States, so far as I am acquainted with them,
| that no act of the law-making power ought to
! be declared invalid on the ground of conflict
! with the Constitution, except in a serv clear
■ ease. (Fletcher vs. Peck, 0 Cranch, 128; Ilesp.
J vs. Duquet, 3 Yates, 493 ; Eakinrs. Robb, 12S.
; & R.) In the first named case Judge Marshall
says, in delivering the opinion of the court:
" The question whether a law be void for its rcpus-
nancy to the Constitution is at, all times a Question
of much delicacy, which ousrht seldom, if ever, to be
decided in the affirmative in a doubtful case. Jt is
not on slight, implication or vusue conjecture th.it
the Legislature is to he presumed to lia\e tr.m-
seendod its powers and its acts to buconsidered void.
The opposition between the Constitution and tho
law should be such that the judge feels a clear and
strong conviction of their incompatibility with each
other."
And this is reason. When we look to the
fact that every law enacted by the Congress
of the United States must pass the ordeal of
a bench of judges in the Judiciary Committee
of each House; undergo public discussion and
scrutiny on the floors of both ; be affirmed by
the votes of at least one hundred and twenty
men, comprising among them a large number
of lawyers of great experience and ability, and
many of them at least the peers of the judges
of the Supreme Court themselves, and then
either approved by the President, or reviewed
and reaffirmed upon objections made by a two-
third vote, it would have been surprising, in-
deed, if the court could have held any other
language in regard to it. When they say, how-
ever, that the case must be a clear one, they
affirm by an inevitable logic the principle of
my amendment. No case can be said to be a
clear one where even one out of eight judges
dissents, as no decision is regarded as an un-
impeachable authority, even in an ordinary
case, where there has been a division on the
bench; and none ci fortiori ought to be consid-
ered in a case of that sort as of any weight or
value whatever. It may be that the dissenting
judge is, as in the case of Yates, the ablest
lawyer of the number, and therefore it is no
unusual thing to find, as in that of Curtis in the
Dred Scott case, that the dissenting opinion is
the more thoroughly considered and satisfactory
of the two. It is not mere brute numbers that
ought to prevail in the forum of reason, or in
other words, of law, which is supposed to be the
perfection of it. The vulgar idea of a majority
in numbers, which is only properly admissible
on grounds of convenience if not necessity,
because in the case of conflicting wills it is im-
possible that both can prevail, (1 Tucker's
Black Commentaries, Appendix, 168-172 ; 9
Dan Abridgt 37-13 1 Story's Commentaries,
section 330) has no proper place in the com-
parison of opinions, which are not to be tested,
as Tacitus, 1 think, expresses it in regard to
the great councils of the Germanic tribes, by
numeration, but by weight. It follows, how-
ever, from the theory of the court itself, that
the law, which is but the voice of the people
speaking through their Representatives, is en-
titled to the benefit of every doubt, and ought
not to be pronounced unconstitutional where
there is any dissent whatever; and so they must
decide if they would be consistent with them-
selves. The effect of this amendment there-
fore is only to hold them to the logical conse-
quences of a doctrine which has been distinctly,
emphatically, and repeatedly enunciated by
themselves.
We are so much accustomed in this country
to the idea of a majority, as the fundamental
one on which all republican government must
practically rest, that we are apt to suppose that
it has its own foundation in the very nature
of things, and that every departure from it
must do violence to the spirit of our institu-
tions. Allow me to say that this is a great mis-
take. The idea is exclusivelj' a social and
political one. There is no such thing in nature
as the right of superior numbers to govern the
inferior. Mr. Burke, whose richly furnished,
comprehensive, and philosophic mind was
brought by the leading events of his time to
the exploration and analysis of the great prin-
ciples that lie at the foundation of ail govern-
ment, holds this language in his '• appeal from
the new to the old Whigs
"We are so little affoetod bv filings which fire hab-
itual that, we consider this idea of a majority us if
it were a law of our original nature: but such con-
structive -whole, vcsidiDsrin a part only, is one ox tile
most violent fiction* of positive law that has ever
been or can be made on the principles ot ai mciai
incorpoiation. Oat of civil socicty nature knows
Hoii;;iiof it: nor are men, oven when arranged ac-
cording to en i! oidcr, othemvise_ than by a \ery lonto
training, brought at all to submit to it.
* , , - i- * *- ~ * •' ' *
"This mode of decision whore wills may be so
