1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
them are favoring the repeal of this tax for its [
mere effect upon the present time—have this j
advantage: they have a drawback upou all
they export—and I was one of the advocates
of that very measure—and they go into the
markets of the world, if they can get there,
with that much of advantage over the great
cotton manufacturers of England. I wish them
to retain that advantage; 1 wish to build up
and extend the manufacture of all our products
here. I am unwilling to take any step looking
either to the present or the future that shall
look as if we meant to abandon the policy
that we adopted calmly and deliberately, and
after very great consideration, both in com-
mittee and in the two Houses of Congress. ]
It is argued that wo ought to take olf this tax
entirely, on account of the low price of cotton.
Well, sir, perhaps we ought, but is the low price
of cotton produced or brought about by the tax?
I wish my friend from Ohio would inform me
what caus-es the low price of cotton at the pres-
ent time? Ordinarily one could guess, who has
thought at all on these subjects, that it was
owing to a lull or falling off in the demand for
the manufacturers of cotton, or to the fact that
the market is too much glutted with cotton
already ; that there is more of it on hand than
can be used. It is not the tax that produces
the low price. How, then, can you draw an
argument from the tax except just so far as the
argument goes to present relief?
The comparison that our friend the Commis-
sioner and other gentlemen make with regard
to the competition of India is a very singular
one. Is there not the same relative falling off
in the price of India cotton that there is in the
price of American cotton ? Has not the falling
off kept pace the one with the other ? Is there
not the same proportion in the prices now that
there was many years ago? 1 understand it
to be so.
I allude to this simply to show that the argu-
ment that is adduced by the Commissioner
from the fact of the competition between for-
eign and American cotton, so far as the danger
of our being driven out of the market is con-
cerned, is perfectly contradicted by the facts
themselves as he states them. If ours had
fallen off in price and India cotton had not
there might be something in the argument. If
the quantity of the India cotton used in the
market had increased relatively much more
than ours had there would be something in
that argument: but the fact is the other way.
If I read the statement aright, the fact is that
the quantity, of American cotton used abroad
in England m the last year has increased rela-
tively more than the India; that has, in fact,
fallen off, while ours has gained. Does that
fact show that there is any danger arising from
the production of cotton abroad ?
If gentlemen will look back they will see how :
easily all this is accounted for by the state of 1
circumstances. Our cotton was shut up during
the war and could not be had to any consider- 1
able amount. This led to an effort to raise
cotton abroad, to increase the production in
India, to get a better staple abrdSa? It resulted
in what? It resulted in increasing largely the
quantity grown in other places, necessarily.
Naturally that was the consequence; but does
it follow that the moment we are again able to
raise cotton; the moment we are in a condition j
to resume our old position; the moment we can !
go into the market as we went once before, with ;
our own staple superior to all others, we shall not
regain the position we lost? Gentlemen argue !
as if that condition of. things waa to be perma-
nent. Facts show that it cannot be so. The
fact is not only that we have a superior staple,
but that we can put it into foreign markets ,
cheaper than cotton from India c^n be put
there. j
I am a little surprised at the argument of my '
friend the chairman of the Finance Commit- i
tee with reference to the cost of raising cotton, ;
that the abolition of slavery and the fact that j
the labor can no longer be forced has neces-
sarily and naturally produced the effect of j
increasing the price. It may be so for a short I
time; but is not that idea at war with all our
theories? What is the theory of free labor?
Are we to be told, now that slavery has been
abolished, that we are necessarily, in conse-
quence of it, to pay more for the products of the
South because free labor is more expensive
than slave labor? Is that the argument now?
If so, we are reverting to the old argument of
our adversaries. That is the way those who
sustained slavery used to argue. They said
you could not raise cotton, sugar, rice, and
tobacco by free labor; that slavery was abso-
lutely necessary to the good of the world,
because with regard to these articles they could
not be produced without slave labor. What
was the reply ? Throw these products open to
free competition, make labor free; and the
superior intelligence thatwillbebroughttobear,
and the superior thrift and everything that dis-
tinguishes free labor from slave labor, will
result not only in increasing these productions
in quantity but in quality and in cheapness.
I believe that that will be the result.
Sir, I have said these things, not because I
am opposed to granting relief to a certain ex-
tent, but because I wish to enter my dissent
entirely from the doctrines of gentlemen, and
especially the leading doctrine that this tax
was enacted as a temporary measure, and to
be abandoned the moment it should be found
to press hard in any particular direction.. One
would really think from what has been said
that there was no part of this country suffering
from taxatiou except the South. I know that
they are less able to bear taxation than we are;
I have no doubt the oppression is very consid-
erable ; I am perfectly willing to do every-
thing I can to relieve it; but in order to relieve
it I am not willing to abandon a well-consid-
ered policy; nor am I willing to go so far as
gentlemen seem disposed to go; and that is,
to demand that at the instant, without the
slightest delay, without any consideration in
point of fact, we should strike off this tax, and
leave it to the future to see whether it can be
put on again. Suspend it, if you please, for a
given time; I do not think that would affect
what we must do by and by with reference to
revising our tariff and internal revenue sys-
tems; but if an entire striking off of the tax is
insisted upon, let us at least wait awhile until
we can compare notes and see what the result
is to be with reference to other things.
When this subject was first presented to my
mind, so great was the clamor in all sections,
I heard so much of it at home, I received so
many letters and heard so much about it after
I came here, that it really seemed to me that
there was no time to deliberate upon it, that it
was a matter of great oppression; and I
remained somewhat of that opinion until I
came to read the report of my friend the Com-
missioner. I have great respect for that gen-
tleman; I think he is a very able and a very
judicious man, as a general rule; but I think
he is a little too %pt to be carried away by what
he hears outside from the last speaker. At any
rate, he is not quite so much in the habit as we
are of looking ahead. He certainly was not,
in my judgment, at the time when he consid-
ered that this tax was to be a mere temporary
affair. I may be mistaken about that, but I
can only answer for myself. He was in favor,
not of taking off this tax last year, if I rec-
ollect aright, but of very much reducing it.
Iam somewhat of the same opinion myself;
Tthink it ought to be somewhat lower;, but
that is a very different proposition from the
one now urged, of abandoning it altogether.
Against that I enter my protest, and I warn the
Senate against it. I believe the time will come
when we shall need it and when we shall see
the propriety of continuing an internal revenue
tax upon this great staple. I think the argu-
ments upon which it was founded in the begin-
ning were perfectly satisfactory, so far as the
measure itself as a policy was concerned; and
perhaps if we take off the tax now the time is
not far distant when it may not be .entirely in
our power to replace it exactly at the moment
and exactly iu the way we may think advisable.
I am willing, as I have stated, as some relief
is so strongly urged, to suspend the operation
of the tax for awhile, and I hope the Senate
will go no further.
Mr. MORTON. I desire, if it is in order,
to offer an ameudment to the bill, striking out
all after the enacting clause 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
now in order, as there is an amendment already
pending; but the proposition may be read for
information, if desired.
Mr. MORTON. I desire ,to have my amend-
ment read for information.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert " that upon all cotton grown in the United
States after the year 1867 there shall be raised and
collected the sum of one cent per pound, and no more,
to be collected in manner and form now prescribed
by law."
Mr. MORTON. We are now proposing to
strike out from our internal revenue list a tax
yielding from twenty-three to twenty-seven
million dollars per annum. That makes a
large hole in it to begin with. We shall desire
too, perhaps, to reduce the tax on a good
many things in the North, and it maybe desir-
able to afford some relief all around ; but if
we shall begin by throwing away at the very
*ltart $27,000,000 in theSouth, we may perhaps
find it impossible to do justice or to grant
relief to many branches of industry and pro-
duction in the North.
It occurs to me that there ought to be some
delay, as suggested by the Senator from Maine,
before this is done. I would not even now
consent to suspend this tax. We can relieve
the South by taking off a part of it,; we can
raise at least ten or twelve million dollars
in that direction without oppressing them
much. It must be borne in mind that many
branches of industry are oppressed in this
country now by taxation. The people are
desiring relief in the West, in the East, in the
North; but if we begin by relieving the South
entirely we may not be able to grant relief as
we ought to do iu some other directions.
I believe the present tax is too great; I
believe it is now oppressive; I think at least
one half or three fifths of it ought to taken off;
and I believe a tax of one cent per pound can
be collected without doing more injustice to
the cotton collector than is now done or will
be done to many branches of industry in other
parts of the country when the taxes shall have
been reduced as we hope to reduce them.
Therefore, before we take off this tax entirely
from the South let us wait a little while and
see what can be done toward reducing taxation
to some extent in other parts of the country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when the
cotton planters were in full possession of mil-
lions of bondmen, in undisputed command of
the markets of the world, and in complete con-
trol of the national Government, they crowned
cotton king. But the power of the cotton-grow-
ers is now broken—broken forever. No longer
do they sway the councils of the Republic.
Their millions of obedient slaves are now free
citizens of the United States. Their accumu-
lated wealth has vanished in the flames of the
civil war they lighted. Cotton is no longer
king, but it is an article of commerce which
has been, now is, and will doubtless long con-
tinue to be a mighty element in the productive
industries and monetary affairs ot the manu-
facturing and commercial nations of the globe.
Possessing as we of the United States do the
best lands for the production of cotton in the
world, having millions of capital invested and
millions of laborers trained in the culture of a
staple so important to the interests of nations,
surely enlightened legislation cannot fail to see
that we should remove the burden of taxation
and give that relief which is so demanded by
the pressing needs of both capital and labor.
During the month of August, 1864, cotton
was sold in New York at $1 85 per pound. As
our armies advanced into the rebel territory,
and it became apparent that the war would
soon end, it rapidly declined iu value. The
