2612
HIE C0WRESSJOML' GLOME.
May 27i
• JtEfllSTll.fi'ION Of PORHWS VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, from tie same committee, re-
ported a bill (II. R. No.11,19) for the registra-
tion or enrollment of'certain foreign vessels;
■which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue Certificates of registry or enroll-
ment and license to certain vessels built in the
Jii-Llish jjroviiices but owned by citizens of the
United States, and at all times employed upon
the waters of tne lakes, provided that'there
shall be paid upon each of said foreign-built
vessels.a tax equal to the internal revenue tax
upon the "materials and construction of similar
vessels of American build.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. ELiOT moved to reconsider the vole by
■which the bill was passed ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CUSTOMS RKOUIATtONS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee,"re-
ported back, with amendments, the bill (U. R.
No. 735) to repeal an act approved March 2,
18b7, entitled "An act to regulate the disposi-
tion of fines, penalties, and forfeitures received
under the laws relating to the customs, and for
other purposes."
The bill uas read. The first section provides
that the seventh section of au act approved
March o, ltSou, entitled ''An act to prevent
and punish frauds upon the revenue, to pro-
vide for the more certain and speedy collection
of claims in favor of the United States, and for
other purposes," and the thirty-ninth section
of an act approved July 18, ii-ilitj, entitled '"An
act further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes," shall be s>o amended that the war-
rant or warrants therein required to be issued
by the judge of the district courts of the United
States shall be directed to the marshal of the
district within which the merchandise, in re-
spect to which alleged frauds have been com-
mitted or attempted, was imported or entered,
or his deputy, instead of the collector of the
port, as therein provided. And the warrant
so issued, with full report of service and pro-
ceedings thereon, shall be returned by the offi-
cer serving the saine as other warrants a re
returned, to the court of the district within'
which such judge resides.
The second section provides that whenever
the collector or other chief officer of the cus-
toms of any port shall be notified in writing by
the owner or consignee of any vessel or vehicle
arriving from any port or place of a lien for
freight on any merchandise legally imported in
such vessel or vehicle and remaining in liis
custody, such collector or other officer is au-
thorized and empowered to refuse delivery of
such merchandise from any public or private
bonded waiehouse, or other place in winch the
same shall be deposited, until proof to his sat-
isfaction shall be produced that the freight due
thereon has been paid or secured, but the lights
oi the United Slates shall not be prejudiced
thereby, uor shall the United States nor its
officers be liable for losses consequent, upon
such refusal to deliver. And the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe all needful regula-
tions to carry the provisions of this section into
efl'ect.
The third section repeals the seventeenth
section of the act approved July 18, 1866, and
the act approved March 2, 1807, entitled "An
act to regulate the disposition of fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures- received under the laws
relating to the customs, and for otlier pur-
poses."
The Committee on Commerce reported the
following amendment to the bill:
In lino sixteen of the first section, after the word
"entered" insert "or withm whiuli the invoices,
books, or papers relating to the same maybe thought
to be/'
The amendment was agreed to. 4
The committee reported thefollawingamend^
ment to the title of the bill:
Amend the titlo by adding "and to amend ccrtain
nets tor the prevention and punishment of frauds on
the revenue, and for the prevention of smuggling."
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
'The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGING NAMES OF PLEASURE YACHTS.
Mr. ELIOT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report for the action
of the House the bill which i send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read.
A bill (Ii. it. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels was received, and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read atlength. Itauthorizesthc
Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the yacht W. W. Abell, owned by James
Lloyd Greene, of Norwich, Connecticut, admin-
istrator of the estate of Benjamin B. Greene,
late of Norwich, deceased, and John Jeffries,
jr., of Boston, Massachusetts, to that of Ethel;
and also to change the name of the yacht
1'Hirondelle, owned by James Gordon Ben-
nett, jr., of New York city, to that of Daunt-
less ; and to grant to said vessels registers in
said respective names, the said vessels being
pleasure yachts only, and not engaged in com-
mercial business.
Mr. PRUYN. I understand this bill to be
one for changing the names of certain vessels.
Am I right?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman is right as far
as lie goes.
Mr. PRUYN. Some time ago, when I pre-
sented a request from some of the leading
merchants of New York, under very peculiar
circumstances, for the change of the name of a
vessel, I understood that the Committee on
Commerce had never reported in favor of such
an application, and that there was no chance
that they would ever make sucli a report. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
so told me, and I therefore did not press the
application. I understand now that the com-
mittee have changed their views on the subject.
Is that so?
Mr. ELIOT. That is not so. I have heard
very indistinctly what the gentleman said;
but I will state to him what the fact is, and
what the course of the committee has been.
The fact is that these two vessels are mere
pleasure yachis, owned by private individuals
for pleasure purposes. They are not engaged
in any commercial business, or in the carriage
of either freight or passengers; they are pleas-
ure boats exclusively. The committee has not
for some six or seven years past, to my knowl-
edge, reported any bill changing the name of
any vessel which was engaged in the commerce
of the country, or in the carriage of freight or
passengers, and so long as 1 am on that com-
mittee they will never do so with my consent,
for reasons which I need not speak of now in
detail. It was because of that action of the
committee, which has been sustained over and
over again by the House, and which I hope will
be again upon the facts being stated to them,
that I said to the gentleman from New York
[Air. Pruyx] what 1 did in regard to the vessel
of which he speaks. The committee have been
entirely consistent in their action.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to say simply that
pleasure boats have the advantage over the
regular commerce of the country.
Mr. ELIOT. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
■ "Mr. PRUYN. I have no objection to the bill.
Mr. MAYNAiiD. What'reason isrtherefor
encumbering the statute-books of the country
with such legislation as this, if there- is any
reason for it?
Mr. ELIOT. The only reason is that this is
entirely a private matter. There are private rea-
sons operating upon the minds of the gentlemen
owning these boats, just as other gentlemen
are interested in the names of horses, dogs,
&c. Now, though it may somewhat cumber
the statute-books of the country, yet the com-
mittee have been very careful in these matters.
I believe this is but the fourth or fifth case
within the last five or six years that the com-
mittee has reported.
Mr. A1AYNARD. I think we had better
allow people to name their own private horses,
dogs, and boats as they please.
Mr. PIKE. They cannot rename them after
having done so once.
Air. MAYNARD. Let them name them
aright in the first place.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered. ■
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELiOT moved to reconsider the,vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IX MICHIGAN.
Air. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, also reported back, with amendments,
House bill No. 1S)8, to reestablish the bound-
aries of the collection districts of Alichigan and
Michilimackinac, and to change the names of
the collection districts of Alichilimackinae and
Port Huron, with a recommendation that the
same do pass.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the collection district of
Michigan shall be extended so as to embrace
all the territory and waters of the State of Mich-
igan lying west of the princip_al meridian, and
south of the latitudinal line dividing township
No. 4o from township No. 44, north of the base
line of said State, including the island of Bois
Blanc.
The second section provides that the collec-
tion district of Alichilimaekinac shall hereafter
be called the district of Superior, and .shall
embrace all that part of the upper peninsula of
the State of Alichigan lying east of the princi-
pal meridian ; all the islands in and bordering
upon the Saint Alarie river; and all that part
ol the State of Alichigan lying west of t he prin-
cipal meridian and north of the latitudinal line
dividing township No. 43 from township No.
4-1, north of the base line of the said State, to-
gether with all the islands, waters, and shores
of Lake Superior and the adjacent territory
unto the head-waters of all the rivers and
streams tributary thereto, and within the juris-
diction of the United States.
_ The third section provides that the collec-
tion district of Port Huron, in the State of
Alichigan, shall hereafter be called the district
of Huron.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows :
First amendment:
Atter the word "State," in the eighth line of the
first ^section, add " iucluding the territory border-
ing txreen bay and;" so as to m&ko the section read
as lollows:
7ic it enacted, &r.t That the collection district oi
lUiehigan shall boextended so as to embrace all the
territory and waters of the State of Jl.otiijjan lying
west ot the principal meridian, and south ot the lat-
itudinal lmedividing township No. 43 from township
i\o. -14, north of the base line ot said State, exclud-
ing the territory bordering Green bay, aud including
the island ot Bois Biane.
The amendment was adopted.
* Second amendment:
After the,word "State/' in the ninth Hop of the
second section, insert "including the territory bor-
dering tireen bay so as to make the section read
asfollows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the collec-
tion district.of Michiiiimickinae shall hereafter be
called the district of Superior, aud shall embrace all
