3636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1;
officers at this point. The collector and assessor
of the State reside at Portland and have their
offices there. I have another letter here from
the Postmaster General, in which he states
that " it is a matter of very great importance
that means should be taken at an early day to
furnish a post office adequate to the require-
ments of the city of Portland and the country
lo be supplied from it." I also left the papers
at the office of the Secretary of the Interior;
but Judge Otto, the Assistant Secretary, was
obliged to come to the House on some import-
ant business, and he stated to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations that he
considered it not only important but abso-
lutely necessary that a court-room should be
built at this place.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that this amend-
ment will be adopted. I have made frequent
representations to the Departments ol' the
necessity of such a building at Portland, in
Oregon, and it has been generally understood
that at some convenient time they would rec-
ommend an appropriation of this kind ; but
now the necessity has become so obvious that
there seems to be no question anywhere with
any Department that the construction of this
building is necessary and proper. I will simply
add that we have no public buildings in the
State of Oregon, not one building of any kind
or description that lias ever been erected at the
expense of the Government. In the city of
Portland, where the United States districtcourt
is held, the business for that court is rapidly
accumulating. The accommodations for the
court at this time are exceedingly limited, and
it is absolutely necessary for the United States,
if possible, to hire another court-room at con-
siderable additional expense, or to constructa
building for the purpose of accommodating the
court. When you consider the expense that
the United States incurs in hiring a post office,
hiiing a court-room, and hiring the other pub-
lic buildings that the United States are com-
pelled to lure there, it will be seen that as a
matter of economy it will be to the advantage
of the Government to construct this building,
for the expenses now paid amount to more than
the intereston the money that the Government
would so expend. X hope therefore that this
amendment will be adopted, as I am satisfied
it meets the approval of all the Departments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest a ver-
bal amend ment simply in the form of the amend-
ment. It is to insert the word "public" before
the word "building;" and also to strike out
the words " to be used so that it will be "a
public building for a custom-house, United
States court-room, and post office."
Mr. CORBETT. i accept that modilication.
Mr. MORKILL, of Maine. I do not see that
there is any reasonable objection to this prop-
osition upon the evidence.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. On page 18, at the end
of line four hundred and eleven. I move to
insert the words "under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office," to
make that clause correspond with the others.
Mr. POMEROY. The effect of that is to
require that the surveying of the eastern bound-
ary of Nevada shall be prosecuted under the
directioii of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. I think that is very proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. On page 13, after line
two hundred and ninety-three, I move to insert
the following:
Mining:
3?or collecting statistics of mines and mining, $5,000.
This amendment is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Committee
on Mines and Mining. It is a less sum than
has usually been appropriated : but it is to
carry out the plan inaugurated by the Secre-
tary some two or three years ago under which
we have the reports from Mr. J. lloss Browne.
The Secretary has now appointed a gentleman
from New York by the name of Raymond, the
editor of the Mining Journal, a scientific man,
a young man of great ability ; and the Secre-
tary is desirous of continuing this appropria-
tion for the next year. He sets forth abund-
ant reasons for the appropriation. If any one
desires it, his letter can be read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I gave notice some three
or four days ago of an amendment that I should
offer in line four hundred and three on page
17. That clause makes an appropriation of
$15,000 for the surveys in Montana Territory.
J move to amend it by making it $25,000. I
am advised that $25,000 at least will be re-
quired. The surveys there have just begun,
and they are very much needed.
Mr. COLE. I will ask what the estimates
are?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know.
Mr. COLE. I desire to know whether this
is up to the estimates or not.
Mr. MUKTON. My information is derived
from the surveyor general of the Territory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
inent of the Senator from Indiana will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 17, line four hundred and three,
to strike out '' fifteen" and insert "twenty-
five ;" so that the clause will read :
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding fifteen'dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars lor township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $25,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe that
amendment is in harmony with the estimates
from the Land Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have a little amendment to
offer, to insert at the end of the bill the fol-
lowing:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to institute
experiments for tho planting and growth of forest
trees on the treeless plains of tho West, the result of
which experiments shall bo reported to Congress,
48,000.
I asked leave to offer this amendment in the
Senate from the Committee on Appropriations,
of which I am a member. I believe it to be a
most worthy object, much desired by humani-
tarians and philanthropic men of our country.
A good many have turned their attention to
this subject already. Those who have been
upon the plains certainly know well the neces-
sity of this proposition. In the settled portions
of our own country there has not been much
necessity for anything of this sort, but great
attention is given to it in the older countries ;
and in this new country, where population is
now going, there is certainly very" great neces-
sity that some attention should be given to it.
This is a small appropriation asked for the
purpose of carrying on some experiments and
testing the possibility of growing trees there.
I provide in the amendment that it shall be
under the Secretary of the Interior; but whether
he shall make use of the funds, or the Land
Office department, or the Agricultural Depart-
ment, or some other Department, I know not,
nor do I care, so that the experiments are car-
ried out. It is not local in any sense; it is
national in its object. I have asked for no
amendment so far as California is concerned,
nor has any been asked for California; but I
believe this would be a wise measure, and I
ask the Senate to look upon it in a favorable
light.
Mr. YATES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting " Commissioner of Agricul-
ture," instead of "Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. COLE. I left it with the Secretary of
the Interior; but lam not particular about that,
lam willing that that amendment shall be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
that the Senate ought to adopt this amendment
without knowing what it is.
Mr. COLE. I am sure anybody can know
very well what it is from the reading of it.
There is nothing abstruse in it. It is plain and
simple.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I heard the
statement of my honorable friend, but still I
am a little in doubt what it means. I will read
it for the information of the Senate. _ I think
the Senator will agree with me that it is novel.
Mr. GOLE. Certainly it is ; it is new.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It reads:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior
I believe that is now charged to "the Com-
missioner of Agriculture"
to institute experiments for the planting and growth
of forest trees on the treeless plains oi the, W est, &c.
I do not know what experiments the honor-
able Senator refers to. I suppose he means
the planting of trees, but how far the honor-
able Senator thinks it is proper for the General
Government to enter upon the undertaking of
covering the treeless plains and trackless deserts
of the West with forest trees, I do not know.
I do not know how> much information the hon-
orable Senator has on that subject, as to the
practicability of it, but I submit that the under-
taking is a novel one, and if it is entered upon
I do not see the end of it. I am sure this is
one of these experiments, if they are to be
regarded as experiments, which belong rather
to the local communities than to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
If it is to be entered upon I agree with the
honorable Senator from Illinois that it shohld
be under the care of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture ; but I am sure the Senate will agree
with me that it would be enlarging the sphere
of his duties very much indeed to charge him
with the duty of clothing the western plains
with forest trees. If that is entered upon as
a policy I hardly know where it will end. The
resources of the Government of the United
States might be very largely taxed, I can con-
ceive, if it should become the settled policy
annually to make appropriations out of the
Treasury of the United States to be expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of
Agriculture. Not even a Newton would be
able to accomplish that task on a great scale
to cover these treeless plains with forest trees
at anything like a reasonable expenditure from
the public Treasury.
If it is to end in an experiment only to test
the practicability of doing it, and then it is to
be turned over to somebody else, I can under-
stand that it might be worth while to do this.
Sometimes we have had experiments, I be-
lieve, to test the capacity of steamships. We
had several propositions before the Committee
on Commerce this year to test the capacity of
certain new improvements supposed to have
some adaptation to steam-engines and to the
propelling power of ships upon the seas. There
is no end to the experiments which the Govern-
ment might enter upon if it had the curiosity
to do so.
But I submit to my honorable friend whether,
as a practical question, this is not so now and
so novel and carrying the thing so far out of
the ordinary track of the duties of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture that if once entered
upon it will involve the expenditures of the
General Government to an amount which the
Senator will be very reluctant, I know, from
his habits and notions of economy and that
strict propriety to which he holds the adminis-
tration of all the Departments of the Govern-
ment, to agree to? I submit to him whether
he is not opening a door here which would be
rather too broad a one for us to enter upon
simply as an experiment?
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to inquire what committee this
comes from?
Mr. COLE. I mentioned it in the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and said there that I
would offer it in the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does not mean to say that it comes here with
the recommendation of that committee ?
Mr. COLE. I have stated that I had the
permission and consent of the Committee on
Appropriations to offer it in the Senate. I
mentioned m*the committee that I would offer
it ia the Senate, and there was no dissent.
