1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
accused in the articles, if yon vote a conviction,
a previous rule has provided that you shall vote
for or against a conviction upon each article.
That being the case, it certainly is not mani-
fest to my mind that there is any necessity at
all for the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Oregon. I ask that the Secretary read
the words I refer to, about taking a vote on
each separate article, which have already been
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
will be reported.
The Secretary read as follows :
On the final question whether the impeachment
is sustained,the yeas and naysshall be taken on each
article of impeachment separately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is part of the twenty-
second rale, is it not?
The Secretary. The first clause of the
twenty-second rule.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is clear enough.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think it neces-
sarily follows that this amendment of minefs
not advisable or necessary because the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey has been
adopted, for that simply provides for the mode
of voting ; and then the rule provides, after
the mode of voting is defined, that if the im-
peachment shall not be sustained by the votes
of two thirds of the members there shall be
an acquittal; but there ought to be a provision
as to what shall be necessary to constitute a
conviction in this rule, it seems to me. Other-
wise, there is room for doubt and dissension. If
this is what the rule means the language ought
to be express and clear upon so important a
question. I believe Senators agree that this is
what the rule means, hut still there is room for
discussion upon the subject; and I submit the
amendment to the Senate and leave it to them.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I submit to the Senator
from Oregon that the Senate heretofore, as a
court of impeachment, has settled this subject;
it has convicted a man on some articles and
acquitted him oil others. Besides that, it is a
universal rule of criminal law in this coun-
try everywhere and abroad that a conviction
upon any single count of an indictment, no
matter how many counts are contained in it,
is sufficient, and judgment is entered upon the
count on which the conviction is based.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that count be suffi-
cient standing alone?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If it is a good count.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that the
amendment which has already been adopted
to this rule clearly makes a difference between
nn article and the impeachment, because that
amendment says that the court shall vote on
the articles separately on each article of the
impeachment. That clearly implies that an
article does not constitute an impeachment.
Impeachment is the whole arraignment. But
then the rule goes on to say that if the impeach-
ment shall not be sustained (proceeding on the
theory that an article is an impeachment) by
the Votes of two thirds of the members pres-
ent then judgment of acquittal shall follow. It
seems to me, having in the amendment already
agreed to distinguish between an article and
an impeachment, you should adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HOWARD. Is not an article part of
the impeachment?
Mr. HOWE. It is ; but by your own amend-
ment you have declared that it is not an im-
peachment ; and if the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon is voted down the rule will
declare that not a part of the impeachment
shall be sustained, but the impeachment, the
whole impeachment, shall be sustained by two
thirds of the members.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ The impeachment is
the accusation, the articles are the averments
of it, and if either one is sustained the impeach-
ment is sustained.
Mr. HOWE. That is so if there is a gen-
eral conclusion ; but I cannot tell what form
the arraignment may assume. All these are
mere counts, if the articles are separate counts,
making up one arraignment for one crime, one
general offense. If it should take that form
the question would not arise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The articles are counts.
Mr. HOWE. That may be so, but it seems
to me that when the articles come here each
one of them may be a complete indictment in
itself. But the confusion seems to me to arise
from the language of this rule as it stands.
You have already put language in here which
distinguishes between an article, a count, and
the impeachment itself. The impeachment
consists of all the counts, and yon declare that
unless the impeachment consisting of all the
counts be sustained 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose^ it will be
then exactly like an indictment with several
counts. The indictment is sustained if there
be a verdict of not guilty upon the first and of
guilty upon the second.
Mr. DAVIS. If the second is sufficient.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, if the second count
is sufficient in point of law.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin that it is very
easy, by putting in two other words here, to
relieve the rule from all possible question.
Let it read: "If the impeachment shall not,
under any of the articles presented, be sus-
tained by the votes of two thirds of the mem-
bers present." By just inserting after the
word "'not" the words "under any of the
articles presented'' all difficulty will be re-
moved. I will move that amendment.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Does the
Senator move it as an amendment to the
amendment? The amendment of the Senator
from Oregon is pending.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon that perhaps the
insertion of these words would relieve the case
of all difficulty.
Mr. HOWARD. It would make it certain
to every intent in particular.
Mr. DRAKE. I should think so. I ask
the Senator from Oregon to look at it. I pro-
pose to insert after the word "not," in the
first printed line, the words "under any of
the articles presented and further on, after
"convicted," to insert "under any of said
articles;" so that it will read: "If the im-
peachment shall not, under any of the articles
presented, be sustained by the votes of two
thirds of the members present, a judgment of
acquittal shall be entered ; but if the person
accused in such articles of impeachment shall
be convicted, under any of the said articles,
by the votes of two thirds," &c.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Say "upon" instead
of "under."
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; if the Senator
from Oregon will withdraw his amendment
for a moment I will test the sense of the Sen-
ate on inserting these words ; or he may ac-
cept the modification I suggest.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will accept what the
Senator proposes as a modification of my
amendment. 1 think it accomplishes the pur-
pose. All I desire is to have clearness of
expression.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is modified,
at the suggestion of the Senator from Missouri,
and will be road as modified.
The Secretary. In the first line of this rule,
after the word "not," it is proposed to insert
"upon any of the articles presented;" and in
the fourth line, after the word "convicted," to
insert "upon any ot said articles so as to
make the rule read:
If the impeachment shall not, upon any of the
articles presented, bo sustained by the votes of two
thirds of the members present, a judgment of acquit-
tal shall be entered; butif the person accused in such
articles of impeachment shall boconvieted upon any
of said ai tided by the votes of two thirds of the mem-
bers presont, the court shall proceed to pronounce
judgment, and acovtifled copy of such judgmentshall
be deposited in the office of the Secretary of State,
The amendment was agreed to,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there are
no further amendments to this rule the next
will be read.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire if it is in order
to go back and move an amendment to a pre-
vious rule, because of its apparent connection
with that which we have just been at work upon.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us get through first.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rules
are now being considered in Committee of the
Whole. When we consider them in the Senate
any further amendment will be in order. The
next rule will be read.
The Secretary read the twenty-third rule, as
follows:
XXIII. A11 the orders and decisions shall be made
and had by yeas and nays, which shall be entered on
til o record, and without debate, except when the doors
shall be closed for deliberation; and m that case no
member shall speak more than once on one question,
and for not more than ten minutes on an interlocu-
tory question, and not more than fifteen minutes on
the final question.unless by unanimous consent; but
a motion to adjourn and the questions mentioned in
rule VII may be decided by a viva voce vote, unless
the yeas and nays be demanded by one null of the
members present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After consultation with
sundry members who think this rule is a little
too stringent still, although it is entirely more
liberal than any of the preceding rules in such
eases, I move to strike out the words "unani-
mous consent" and to insert in lieu thereof
the words " consent of the Senate, to be had
without debate," so as to make the rule pro-
vide that no member shall speakmore than ten
minutes on interlocutory questions, and not
more than fifteen minutes on the final question
"unless by consent of the Senate, to be had
without debate," instead of requiring unani-
mous consent to a further statement of any
gentleman's views.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It seems to me this
word "interlocutory" is becoming very im-
portant in these rules, and as we go along I
should like to have a clear definition of it. I
do not know exactly wiiat it means. Every-
thing seems to be interlocutory that is to be
done from the time the trial begins, the final
argument, and decision of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I am clearly of the opinion
that the members of the Senate ought not to
be permitted to speak at all on this subject. I
think it is better for us to hear counsel and
then to decide, and decide on the facts put
before us. The case is argued on both sides
on all points. It does seem to me that if we
ever want to get through with the case we
ought not to provide for members of the court
making speeches. I think the thing all wrong.
It will take time, and will take up a very large
portion of the time that will be occupied in
the trial, and I see nothing on earth to be
gained by it.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question
of the Senator? Would he not think it rather
odd if a jury should hear a case of that nature
and render a verdict without one juror ever
conferring with another, comparing notes with
him as to the weight of certain testimony or
certain considerations? Again, would it not
be very strange if the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the most unimportant con-
tested case, should hear arguments, and then,
at once, without going to their conference
chamber," without conferring at all, without
seeking any light or correction from each
other, should pronounce a judgment? Would
it not even be very singular if they should do
it (if they had time to consider] without con-
sultation, and much more if they should do it
at once upon the conclusion of the argument?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know what may
seem singular to gentlemen here ; but I believe
the members of the Senate will be prepared to
vote just as well without getting any light from
any member of the body on this question. We
are going unquestionably to have the ablest
counsel in the country before us ; and I do not
sec anything that we are to gain by engaging
ill discussion ourselves. I think we shall have
| a great deal of talk if we permit it, and we
\ shall take up more time ourselves than any-
! body else will. I do not believe in it, and I
I hope it will not be allowed; and for one I
