•88
APPENDIX TO THB CONGEESSIONAL GrLOBE.
[January 13,
Ho. of Heps.
Powers of Supreme Court—Mr. Williams.
40th Cong....2d Suss.
nearly equal, where according to circumstances the
smaller number may be the stronger force., and
■where apparent reason may be all on one side, and
on the other little else than impetuous appetite; all
this must be the result of a very special convention,
confirmed afterward by long habits of obedience, by
a sort of discipline in society, and by a strong hand
vested with stationary, permanent power to enforce
this sort of constructive general will. What organ
it is that shall declare the corporate mind is so
much a matter of positive arrangement that sovoral
States, for the validity of several of their acis, have
required a proportion of voices much greater than
that of a mere majority. Those proportions are so
entirely governed by convention that in soino cases
the minority decides. The laws, in many countries,
to condemn require more thanamcro majority ; less
than an equal number to acquit. In our judicial
trials we require unanimity either to condcmn or
absolve. In some incorporations one man spoalss
forthewhole; in others a few. Until the other day
in the constitution of Poland unanimity was required
to give validity to any act of their great national
council or diot. This approaches much more nearly
to rude nature than the institutions ol' any other
oountry. Such, indeed, every commonwealth must
fee without a positive law to recognize in a certain
number the will of the entire body."
Now, a reference to the structure of our own
political machine will show, that while the ma-
jority principle, which is but the common law,
is generally recognized in public affairs as the
governing one, it is not by any means the uni-
versal rule of our Constitution, and that the
framers of our Government have deviated from
it largely by way of check or limitation upon
the possible and probable abuse of such a
power. I have already referred to the trial by
jury, where unanimity, which is of its very
essence, is the rule. The trial by impeach-
ment, where two-thirds are required to convict,
is another case where the majority idea is de-
parted from. Again, in the enactment of our
laws, the power of" the majority in either House
is controlled by the dissent of the other, while
both are bridled by the one-man power resid-
ingin the President, and a two-third vote of each,
although comprising of themselves, by the very
terms of the Constitution, the entire legislative
power, is required to enable them to act effect-
ively alone; so that it may bo truly said that
the rule of legislation is a two-third vote. The
like majorities are required for the alteration
of the fundamental law itself, along with the
consent of at least three fourths of all the States.
In all these cases the majority rule is not per-
mitted to apply, aud that for the transparent
reason that the great vital interests of the State
and people demand a higher measure of se-
curity. So little regard, indeed, is had for this
cabalistic number, which is supposed to be so
full of preternatural virtue, that a departure
may be witnessed even in the opposite direc-
tion, in the rule which prevails in nearly all the
States in the choice of Presidents and Con-
gressmen, at Federal as well as State elections,
that a mere plurality, which is only another
name for a minority, may elect to the most im-
portant offices.
If the majority principle is the rule in the
courts, and generally at the ballot-box, it rests
only on the same grounds of convenience that
have tolerated and recommended the rule of a
plurality. It is a necessity that wherever there
is a diversity of opinion the larger number shall
prevail if there is to be any decision at all; and
therefore it is, that by the rule of the common
law, which is the growth of a nation that never
recognized the rule of a majority in affairs of
state, a power delegated to three or more per-
sons for a public purpose, is exercisable by a
majority of the persons named, while a merely
private authority cannot be executed by any
number less than the whole. (6 Johnson's
Report, 38.) The consequence in the latter
case is, that it must fail altogether in the event
of a difference of opinion, which in affairs of
state would be entirely inadmissible, wherever
any positive act is to be done. In the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings it may be admitted
that the rule of unanimity would be, if not
absolutely impracticable, as I think it is, a
source of endless and iniinite embarrassment,
and result unquestionably in the great delay, if
not the absolute denial, of justice. In the case,
however, of a question as to the constitutionality
of an act of Congress there is no such exigency.
The requirement of unanimity will only give to
the law-making power the benefit of the favor-
able presumption to which no lawyer will dis-
pute that it is entitled, and fortify that pre-
sumption with the advantage of any doubt, by
treating its own decisions as the rule that is to
govern the courts until, at least, they shall have
been reversed by the united and concurring
voices of the whole of that judicatory which
claims to hold a delegated power to sit in judg-
ment upon its authority. There will be no such
inconvenience as a failure to decide. When
the judges differ they will have already decided
that the law is constitutional by failing to agree
that it is otherwise, aud the law of Congress
will prevail, as it ought to do, whenever they
cannot be brought to agree that it is wrong.
Having thus shown, as I think, the entire
reasonableness and propriety of the change
proposed, the next and last question is as to
our power to effect it. And here, I think,
there is no doubt or difficulty.
In the first place, then, the Constitution pro-
vides that—
"The judicial powor shall bo vested in one Supremo
Com t. and such inferior eouris as the Congress may
from time to time ordain and establish."
There is nothing here, however, as to the
number of judges who shall compose it; noth-
ing as to the number who shall be competent
to pass upon such questions as may come be-
fore it. ft is unquestionable lhat Congress
may fix the number of the court at its own
discretion, and it has always done so. It is
equally clear that it may determine how many
of them shall bo required to constitute a court
for business purposes, and this it has also done
by declaring how many shall bo necessary to
make a quorum. As the law now stands, it
requires more than two thirds of that tribu-
nal, as at present organized, for this purpose.
The constitutionality of that law has never
been doubted by anybody. If it was valid when
enacted, it is certainly not made otherwise by
the reduction that has since taken place in the
number of the judges. If it is still the law,
then, by a further reduction of the number, the
now existing quorum might become the whole,
and upon this argument the constitutionality
of so much of the amendment at least as re-
quires a hearing before a full bench is clearly
demonstrated.
And now, in the second place, as to the power
of Congress to require the concurring opinions
of the whole of what it may choose to declare
a quorum, upon any decision which they may
propose to make against the validity of any of
its laws.
It is to be remembered always that the
authority of the court is a purely delegated one.
It does not follow, therefore, as a conclusion
of reason, from the doctrine that a majority of
several joint owners may dispose of the joint
property, or because a corporate body may
act in the same way in relation to a matter
which concerns themselves, that the same rule
shall apply to a public trust, except perhaps,
in cases where it is incapable of execution in
any other way. The people are entitled to the
benefit of the aggregate wisdom of the bench,
in the concurring judgments of all those who
compose it. The Supreme Court might have
been constituted of a single judge, and ought
to, and perhaps would have been so constituted
but for the proverbial and generally received
hypothesis, that wisdom is to be found rather
in "the multitude of counsellors" than in the
few—not, however, in view of their ultimate
disagreement, but to the end that, by compari-
son and even the possible shock and conflict
of opinions, the truth may be evolved and har-
mony secured, just as in the system of the uni-
verse, it is saicTby the poet, that " all nature's
difference makes all nature's peace." It can
hardly be supposed that, in the constitution of
a bench of eight or nine judges, it was intended
that five only of the number should decide, or
expected that a sound conclusion could be
reached by any result so near an equipoise.
To claim for this larger fraction the power of
a constructive whole is not too strongly char-
acterized by Mr. Burke, in the passage already
cited, as "one of the most violent fictions of
positive law that have ever been or can be
made on the principles of artificial incorpora-
tion," and "cannot be so made, inaCommon-
wealth, without a positive law to recognize it."
There is no law, however, in the present case
except the common law, resting 011 the reason
of the thing, which is only its supposed neces-
sity in ordinary cases ; and this, as a mere rule
of procedure, not entering into the constitu-
tion of the tribunal, and only prescribing a law
for its government. If it inhered necessarily
in that constitution—if it were of the essence
of a court that it should act in all cases by
mere majorities—if, in other words, it were
strictly definable as a machine whose principle
of motion was of that sort 'only, it might be
objected, perhaps, that the Constitution had
settled it. But this, I suppose, will hardly be
pretended by anybody. In any other aspect
of the question, however, it is but a rule of the
common law for the regulation and more
effective working of these tribunals ; in which
case there is nothing, of course, to prevent its
abrogation by the power that makes and un-
makes the law, in accordance with its own sov-
ereign will, which is only the will of the people
declaring itself through their representatives.
So long as the authority to decide is still left
and still exercisable by the courts, at their own
discretion, and upon their own judgments, they
have no more right to complain that they are
all required to agree in order to nullify the
law than that they are not now permitted to
do the same thing, as a quasi-corporate body,
without the concurrence of a majority of such
a quorum as it has pleased the Congress of the
United States to indicate.
It is not necessary, however, to either of the
pending amendments, to borrow the aid of the
general principle that Congress may alter and
modify the rule of the common law. The power
is to be found in the Constitution itself, so far
at least as regards the appellate jurisdiction of
the court, which is the whole extent of this bill.
That jurisdiction which extends to all cases,
except those "affecting embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, and those in
which a State is a party," is conferred only
with tlie express reservation that it shall be
exercised and enjoyed "with such exceptions
and under such regulations as the Congress
shall make." What is the meaning of this
language? The word "regulations" imports
no more than rules or laws. That it carries
with it any power to change the rule of decis-
ion, so as to impose another law upon the court
than the action of its own judicial mind, or to
do anything further than prescribe the mode
of decision, I do not claim. .It will not be dis-
puted, at least, that under this provision it may
limit the jurisdiction to such cases as it thinks
proper, and settle in its own way the whole pro-
cess of removal to, and treatment in the appel-
late court. If it shall think proper, then, to
accord that jurisdiction only on the condition
that none of its own acts shall be overruled
on constitutional grounds without the judg-
ment of an undivided court, who shall gainsay
its right so to do, when it may even refuse the
jurisdiction altogether where the court below
may have affirmed the validity of its enact-
ments?
t i^n(^ now' having fully vindicated, as I trust
I have done, the principles of the amendment
I have had the honor to submit, covering, as
^ vas ^!c modification on which the
Judiciary Committee has agreed, and which in
default of the higher security will not be unac-
ceptable to me, I must be allowed a word in
conclusion on the reasons which have prompted
the introduction and agitation at the pre&ent
