1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
205
duet.on will be diminished tens and tens of
ni i>uins by it. 1 iio people ot the northern
and westcra States wiil pay this tax t uv or
thru-* over in .i.ul dt'Lr.s and diminuhed trade.
l it' piOM'tit condition of tho cj'.ton-^row ,ng
S'.dtos .3 indeed liep'.orable. Most ot '.h-* i.i,1-
ital from the noi hern States invested ;nco:-
Uul i^O'Aiag u.ls Ocetl !o t, and lUOs. Oi tho
iivir. ii.ru men oa^.iiicd .a p.-uKtr.g have Ixea
ru.aed. 1 he u eich;ui:  and puintets were
ru.iu-d b\ 'ho war, mere is a'cle cap.tal in tho
co.mtnthe rate? ot' ii;:>>rv i are miaous, and
iho condi:.oa u:' '.In' planters and laborerscau-
no: .i.- >.i-e :'ie anxi.-.\ uud ejccitesy mpatliv
of a.! ::!<-•(i w!k> decile the proi-perity of the
wh.i'e country and oi' uil elussies aud couditious
o! u.en, black and white.
I ma sure, sir, that the people of the loyal
Stales d<> not realise the terrible sacrifices
made and losses incurred by the people of the
robe'. S;au.i during the rebellion. The fortunes
o'.' aasine^s men and piauters were sacrificed,
the great musses ot" the white people were
made m.serab'y poor, and the great body of
the :'reedmeu have no spot of earth they can
call their own, even to stand upon. In travel-
ing ia?t spring through portions of those States
my heart was pained at what I heard and saw
of the losses and sufferings of that portion of
our countrymen, brought upon them by their
rebellion against the (government of the United
S;ates. To the enormous losses of the war
have been added the losses by drought in some
sections, the overflowing ot" the Mississippi,
the fail are of the crops, and the present low
prke of cottou.
In their pr> sent depressed condition the
cotton-growers have looked to Congres3 to
relieve them from the great burden of the cotton
tax. They have indulged the hope that the
repealing act would apply to the crop of the
present year. The action of the House of
Representatives has disappointed the high-
raised expectations of the people of the cotton-
growing State^ and is having a most depressing
intiueuce upou them. I have received from
gentlemen in that section of country many
letters pressing the repeal of the tax and describ-
ing the prv-ciit depressed condition of the peo-
ple. Major (ji-iicral Swayne, at the head of
the Freeumen's Bureau in Alabama, in a letter
to me, -ays :
" The planters here have almost universally hold on
to their cotton in hopes th.it Congress would repeal
the tax. Tlin if to most of them tho difference
between profit and loss on the eroB of this year, and
the only means by which the freeUmen can be paid.
I trust the repe.,1 may inrlade the crop of this year
yet in the haq^s of tiie producers."
Mr. Eli S. Shorter, of Alabama, formerly a
Representative in Congres3from that State, in
a letter to me says :
"The country :< greatly disappointed at the failure
of the House not makinirthe repeal of the cotton tax
applicable to crop of 1W. We are all a rained
people—whites aod blacks—and not one planter in
twenty bas the ability to cultivate his lands next
year. Hundreds of thousands of laborers will be
without employment, and I shudder to think of what
is in reserve fur us next year." * « *   t
"Tbe low price of cotton has produced this state
of things. How are the whites to live? How can
tbe blacks subsist? Wc canoot (ret advances on oar
Crops next year in time to save us, Kot one planter
in a hundred is able this season to pay his expenses
im?uiTed in making the erop of this yefcr; and yet
tbe Government insistson taking from nsover twenty-
five pit cent, oi the marketvalue of what cotton was
made. I have two of the moit valuable plantations
m the state, well stocked with males, wagong, Ac.,
and capable of making five hundred bales ot cotton
and six tuoasandbusheW of corn, and giving smploy-
mcnt cw l have done this year) to one hundred and
fifty laborer*, trt I have notified my employes
* * have to discharge one hundred of them
at Christmas for want of means to obtain bacon and
corn to feed them next season. Every planter is
doing the same thing. Where art the poor creatures
to go to, and bow are they to be fad?"
I received the other day fcom Mr. Kenneth
Raynor, some years ago a Representative in i
Congress from North Carolina, oat now a resi-
dent of Mississippi, a letter, ia which he says:
" If the tax is to be repealed it ought by all means
to apply to cotton gold since the 1st September Iwt,
so that tbe tax paid on cotton gold since that time
should be repaid to the seller. The restoring or
refunding tbe two and a half cent* per pound, while
it will materially help the cotton-grower, cannot
ta*« him %m ruinous logs. Many cotton-growera
as 1 know in tho South I do not know tbe first oue
that lu< pi mted eottou mi a Lnse -hmIc who will not
I■ • -iii'>iu'\ by the oper it'pm. Very many of them
a r" hopelessly ruined. i'ho>o who 'nave already sold
their cotton and paid the t.ii are they who wei e must
r.-v ly in, 1 harde.-t pu—sed tor oio'.ie>, and then-tori'
could li it hold it; or else they were till' mo«t honest
and puuctual. tlaviiiKgone in debt to their factor^ tor
supplies during tlio joar tlu-y felt bound ill honor to
forward theirootton t'Uiiaiket :i< fust a« it w:i-sinned
Hu*l b.iled. Tho<p who have not sold are tlu-y who
were best able to hold it, or who have tailed to com-
ply with tin ir obligations to their t'aetors.
"To repeat tho tax, and make the repeal apply only
toeotton uu-iold, would beneBtthose who least need
rehet, and leave the burden to be borm- hv those who
most uet-d it. Unless the repealing law is made to
app'y to cotton sold sim-e tho M September 1 doubt
whether the southern people generally would reirard
it as a relief or mi a measure of justice by a benefi-
cent Government. Those who havosold would regard
it as a law partial in its operations, and oppressive
to them because of their punctuality.
" I assure you. my dear sir, that tho accounts aa
published in the newspapers fall very short of describ-
ing the ruin, disaster, and bankruptcy impending
over tbe cotton interest in tho South, t am sure that
not half as many acres will bo planted in liW as were
planted in ISoT. And there is a social problem in-
volved in this question, to bo worked out in the com-
ing year. Several hundred thousand froedmen will
be out of employment after the 1st of January. Those
eugaxed heretofore in cotton planting will not be ablu
to employ them. What is to become of them ?"
These letters of Mr. Shorter and Mr. Raynor
represent, I have no doubt, the real condition
of large portions of the cotton-growing States.
This condition of affairs appeals to us for such
relief as is within our power to give. The
permanent interests of the country demand
that cotton culture should be fostered and en-
couraged, that it should be secure against the
competing productions of other countries, and
again control the cotton supply of the world.
\\ hen that control shall be restored, when the
field is once again clear, we may confidently
expect such a moderate production of cotton
in all the world as will steadily afford remuner-
ative prices.
The present ruinous prices of cotton, and the
1 probability that during the ensuing season we
are to see no material improvement but a
! further reduction in Yalue, should induce us,
i if it is practicable, to relieve the crop of 1867
: from a tax so disproportionate to the price for
which that crop in selling as to be burdensome
and oppressive.
Sir, this cotton tax had at first the excuse of
necessity for its justification, but it has now no
excuse whatever. The present interests of all
classes and conditions of men in the cotton-
growing States imperatively demand its repeal
and the application of the repealiug provision
as far aa possible to the crop of 18C7. The
enduring interests of the whole country bid us
hasten to remove this crushing burden upon
an article in the production of which so mnch
capital is investedand so much labor employed '
—an article which plays so important a part in
the financial and commercial affairs of the |
i country and the world.
! Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I desire !
' to propose an amendment, as an amendment '
to that offered by the Senator from Maryland: |
And npon all cotton unsold by the producers when 1
this act takes effect: Provided, That no tax upon ■
cotton heretofore collccted shall ever be refunded. |
' I have proposed this amendment, Mr. Pres- 1
ident, because all the unanswerable arguments
that have been offered in favor of the repeal
of the law apply with equal if not greater force
to this ameudment. I think the reasons for
the removal of this tax are overwhelming and
irresistible; and they do not exist altogether
in outside clamor, as has been suggested by one
Senator. Grave doubts existed when this tax
was imposed as to its constitutionality and
expediency. Those doubts have continued to
grow; they are now deeper and stronger than
they were at that time; and during the last
session of the Thirtv-Ninth Congress a prop-
osition to remove this tax altogether received
an equal vote in. the Sepate; so that this is
not a proposition ari^ipg out of a sudden out-
cry, but is one that has been considered by the
people ever since the tax was imposed, and
the overwhelming judgment of this country at
this time is that that tax is unjust and wight
to be removed.
Now, sir, what are some of the reasons why
this tax should bo removed? I do not sup-
pose that we are to go to England in order to
determine as to wln-ther or not this amend-
ment should be adopted or this bill should
become a law, but we ate to look at the cir-
cumstances of the people who are to bo
nll'ected by the repeal of the law.
It is to be remembered that tho southern
States, where cotton is chielly raised, wero
devastated by war ; the people were impover-
ished by tho tremendous struggle through
which the country had passed ; ami when tho
rebellion was suppressed those people wero
not in a condition to resume their agricultural
pursuits; and therefore there is a greater
necessity why the legislation of Congress, so
far as their material interests are concerned,
should be more favorable to them than to any
other portion of the country, for all parts of
this nation are concerned in building up the
material interests of the southern States. What-
ever we may say and do as to the political power
of that portion of the country, (and i am no
more in favor of putting the political ascend-
ancy in the hands of those who were lately in
rebellion than any other man.) I maintain
that our true policy as a nation is to legislate
as far as practicable for the material interests
of that section of the country.
It has been suggested that there was no
particular necessity for immediate relief. I
think that this bill will be of very little value
if the amendment which 1 have proposed is not
adopted. As the bill stands, it is to take effect
one year from this time. Nobody can tell with
any considerable certainty what will then be the
circumstances or interests of this country, or
what will then be the price of cotton in foreign
markets. But we know now the condition of
the people of the southern States who have
been engaged in tbe cultivation of cotton, a
large proportion of whom are men who have
takeu their capital from the North and gone
down there and invested it in this business;
men who are true to the Union. We knnw that
they went there and invested their capital with
an expectation that they could realize from
the cotton crop twenty or twenty-five cents per
pound for whatever they might produce. Every-
body in the country is astonished, I presume,
at the sudden and great fall that has occurred
in the price of that commodity. These people
were compelled to purchase their implements
, of husbandry; they were compelled to hire
i their labor, to supply the laborers with houses
j and food and clothing, and more than that,
the expenses of subsisting their laborers were
enormously high, for the planters have been
compelled to pay two dollars and upward per
bushel for corn, and for bacon in the same pro-
portion ; so that they have necessarily incurred
great debts in raisingthe present crop of cotton,
and this tax is a great burden in view of those
circumstances, for cottou, instead of bringing
what the planters expected it would, has fallen
to nine or ten cents per pound; has fallen so
low that it is impossible for them to obtain
enough for what they have raised to defray the
expenses of producing the crop.
Now, sir, I think this amendment should bo,
adopted so as to give these people immediate
relief. 1 know that it is objected that it will
be difficult to make this amendment appli-
cable to the existing crop, for tbe reason that
a certaip portion of the crop has been sold
while another portion remains in the hands of
the producers, and it is said that it will be
exceedingly difficult to distinguish between the
one arid the other kind of cotton. It has been
estimated that during the present year two mil-
lion seven hundred thousand bales of cotton
have been raised in the southern States ; and,
according to all the information which I could
obtain up to the 20th of last November, only
about one million bales had passed out pf the
hands of the producers. So there are one mil-
lion seven hundred thousand bales of cotton
upon which the tax will be collected if this
amendment ia not adopted ; but if immediate
relief is given to the planters this amount of cot-
