1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
honorable Senator mentioned the subject in
committee, that this was a proposition that he
took an interest in, but I did not understand
the honorable Senator to invoke the judgment
of the committee on the subject of whether it
could be offered here as coming from that com-
mittee. The proposition oifered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] a few mo-
ments ago about the geological surveys was
presented by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] in a similar way, informally, to the
Committee on Appropriations, and he was told
that it-would require, before it could be pre-
sented here for consideration, the recommend-
ation of a distinct committee outside of the
Committee on Appropriations. I dislike ex-
ceedingly to interrupt the progress of the mat-
ter in this way.
Mr. COLE. Of course it does not come
from the Committee on Appropriations. If it
did, it would be in the body of the bill. It
comes frotfi myself, under the circumstances I
have stated.
I am not at all surprised that the Senator
from Maine, who is so much accustomed to the
pine forests of that region, does not see the
necessity of these experiments, or something
of this sort: but those who have been on the
treeless plains of the West have often ob-
served this great want in that region.
I cannot state how these experiments are to
be carried out. I presume, however, that the
Commissioner of Agriculture will expend some
portion of this sum, perhaps all of it, in gath-
ering and distributing the seeds of forest trees,
which are notgatheredunless forsome premium,
to the people who are settling on the plains.
That disposition of the fund would be entirely
satisfactory to me, and, I believe, equally sat-
isfactory to Congress.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations seerns to apprehend that this may
open the door for wide and unlimited expense.
He asks where it is to end. So far as i am
concerned, it will end with the experiments
that are made by this appropriation. It is for
the purpose of experiments, and nothing else;
and this sum is sufficient, I doubt not, to test
the practicability of growing trees on those
barren plains. There it will end. No further
appropriation will ever he. asked for, in my
judgment. I have no belief that I shall, at
any time, ever ask for any other appropriation
for this end. It will end, therefore, I take it,
with this appropriation, if it is made; and if
it is not made I presume it will not end with-
out a further application from some other
quarter.
I will state that I do not know who is to ex-
pend this money, or who is to use it. I know
of no person, indeed, who has any desire to be
the guardian or custodian of it, or to expend
it. It is to be expended under the direction
of some public officer. That the object is a
good one I have no question. That it will
result in great public good and advantage to
the whole nation I do not at all doubt.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see how the Sen-
ator will get his amendment on this bill, but I
can see very well how it would be very desirable
to have this experiment made.
The PRESIDENT pratempore. The Chair
does not understand whether exception is taken
to this amendment being in order or not. The
Chair does not except to amendments unless
an objection is urged by some Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair will under-
stand when anybody objects. It has not been
objected to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Objection was made
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, by the inquiry as to what committee
recommended it. No committee recommends
it, and there is an end of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only add that if
this means raising trees on what are known as
the sandy plains, that really would be an ex-
periment, although I do not know how it could
be prosecuted very well. If it means simply
an experiment to raise trees on the prairies,
where grass will grow, that has been tried over
and over again with success. There is not the
least doubt about it. The only trouble is to
meet the expense. The fact that trees will
grow where grass and other vegetation grow
has been established over and over again. It
is not an experiment to grow trees on the prai-
ries ; but it may require some experiments to
grow them on what is known as the desert,
those sandy plains where the sand drifts. I
confess I do not know any way to grow trees
there; but I suppose there may be some way
found out after a while.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if it would not be necessary to put
some man there to take care of these trees
while they are growing?
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend the trouble
will be not to take care of them, but to get
them to grow first.
Mr. COLE. I doubt not there will be many
men ready to take care of them if they are
furnished with the seeds.
Mr. POMEROY. If they are paid for it
they will take care of them.
Mr. COLE. The people there will feel a
great interest in taking care of them themselves.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see how we can
enter on this experiment, not that I do not
think it desirable. I would not like to cast a
shadow over such an enterprise ; but I do not
apprehend that we can make any appropriation
for it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I dislike very
much to interfere with ray friend from Califor-
nia; but his proposition does not seem to be
in order at present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless it
comes from a committee it is not in order on
an appropriation bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 13, after line three
hundred and five:
For expenses of receiving and arranging and tak-
ing care of copyright books, charts, and other copy-
right matter, ยง>1,800, to be paid out of the Patent
Office fund.
This seems to have been inadvertently omit-
ted in the bill, and the attention of the Com-
mittee on Patents was called to it by a letter
from the Secretary from the Interior. I gave
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations notice of this matter several
days ago, and 1 make this motion at the in-
stance of the Committee on Patents. If it is
required, I have here the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, which can be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the letter not being called for, the ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to have
a little information on this subject. I think it
is estimated for, and I think it has been ap-
propriated for heretofore; but ii was not ap-
propriated for by the House of Representa-
tives, and not being found in the bill the
attention of the committee was called to the
subject, and we did not have any information
which authorized us to infer that it was ne-
cessary to appropriate $1,800 for the spe-
cific purpose of taking care of those copy-
rights. The Committee on Appropriations
had no information on that subject, and so
referred it to the committee of which the
honorable Senator from West Virginia is chair-
man, that he might present to the Senate some
facts to enable it to judge why, in a Depart-
ment employing so many clerks as are em-
ployed there, it should be necessary to appro-
priate a sum for the specific purpose of taking
care of these particular writings.
Mr. WILLEY. About all that the Com-
mittee on Patents know about it is contained
in the letter which I send to the desk from the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, D. C., Jjne 21,1868.
Sir: My attention has been called to House bill
Jso. 818, entitled "A,n act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1869, and for other purposes,"
and to the omission therefrom of the item' for copy-
right service in eharge of the Patent Office, $1,800,
which has been the annual appropriation for that
object for years past.
X have the honor to rceoramend that said omission
maybe supplied,and to submit herewith for the con-
sideration of your honorable committee a draft of a
section for that purpose.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. H. BROWNING,
Secretaryi
Hon. L. M. Morrill, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriations, United States Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We had that
letter before the Committee on Appropria-
tions ; but it will be seen that it does not give
much information on the subject. We are still
left in the dark about the service>
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will give him what information I have
on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. That letter refers to the fact
that this is the usual appropriation made every
year for this purpose. I have only taken occa-
sion to go back two years. I find in 1S67 this
provision:
"For expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and other copyright
matter, SI,800, to be paid out of the Patent Office
fund."
I find exactly the same appropriation in 1866:
" For expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and other copyright
matter, $1,800, to be paid out of the Patent Office
fund."
So that it-appears that it has been considered
necessary heretofore to make this appropria-
tion for this purpose. On referring to the law
it will be seen that as the law formerly stood
it was required every year that a certain return
should be made originally to the office of the
Secretary of State. The old law read as follows:
" And it shall be the duty of the olerk of each dis-
trict court, at least once m every year, to transmit a
certified list of all such records of copyright, includ-
ing the titles so recorded, and the dates of record,
and also all the several copies of books or other
works deposited in his office according to this act, to
the Secretary of State, to bo preserved in his office."
It will be seen there were a great many
books of this kind required to be transmitted
annually to the Secretary of State. That law
was subsequently modified in the act of 1859,
as follows:
" That all books, maps, charts, and other publica-
tions of every naturewhatever,heretofore deposited
m the Department of State, according to the laws
legulatinercopynghts, together with all tho reoords
of the Department of State in regard to the same,
shall be removed to, and be. under the control of, the
Department of the Interior, which is hereby charged
with all the duties connected with the same, and
with all matters pertaining to copyright, in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Department
of State is now charged with the same: and here-
after all such publications of every nature whatever
shall, under present laws and regulations, bo left with
and kept by him."
It seems that it is necessary to have some
person to take charge of these copyrights and
these books.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think this appropriation
ought to be made. I deem it to be quite neces-
sary for the purpose for which it was originally
made. The laws require that books, in order
to secure a copyright, and other inventions shall
be sent to the Patent Office, and there be ar-
ranged. It is important to them that they
should be preserved, and be preserved in such
a way that access can readily be had to them.
It is important, also, to the public, that the pub-
lic may know whether the parties claiming the
benefit of a patent for a discovery is entitled
to it or not. One of the evidences of title is
the fact that the matter has been properly
recorded iu the office. The expense attend-
ing the keeping of these matters is to be paid
out of the Patent Office fund, and that is re-
ceived from the inventors ; it does not come
out of the public Treasury. The Patent Office
more than su{>ports itself; and as this is for
the benefit of the patentees themselves, it
would seem to be but just even to them, and
right as a matter of policy, that there should
be some compensation provided for the pres-
ervation of all these matters upon which their
own titles to their inventions depend.
