1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
intend to vote against such a provision. All I
want in this case is to have the privilege of vot-
ing on the questions when they are discussed
by those who are engaged in the discussion,
and whose business it is to present the argu-
ments. I am willing then to decide yes or no
on the questions raised. I think we shall all
be prepared to vote on them. Instead of that,
if we adopt this rule, we shall have nearly
every member of the Senate speaking on all
the points,, and they will be discussed over and
over and over again.
Mr. HOWE. There is to be only one speech
on a question.
Mr. WILSON. On one question; but how
many questions are we going to have?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know exactly.
Mr. WILSON. We shall have just as many
questions &s men want to make speeches upon
and take uj> time. My judgment is that that
provision will cost us days of time without one
single benefit to any human being.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
who has charge of these rules if it is intended
that these deliberations shall be reported ? It
seems that they are to be conducted with closed
doors; but are they to be reported and pub-
lished?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
they are to be reported. The deliberations of
the Senate are to beheld in private for the pur-
pose of mutual conference, and to introduce a
reporter would be to destroy the very object of
private consultation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wished to under-
stand that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
these words, "for not more than fifteen min-
utes on the final question unless by unanimous
consent''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let my amendment be
voted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is your amend-
ment?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
repeated.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in the sixth line of the twenty-third rule,
to strikeout "unanimousconsent" and insert
"consent of the Senate to be had without
debate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now I make my mo-
tion to strike all that out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the words " and for not more
than fifteen minutes on the final question unless
by consent of the Senate, to be had without
debate."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that rule is
objectionable throughout, so far as it limits
debate on the part of Senators, and particu-
larly objectionable in the limitation upon the
debate on the main question. Suppose there
be presented to the Senate a case involving
many questions of fact, the weight of evidence
is to be considered, the credibility of witnesses,
the nature of the accusation itself, and this
upon many different sorts of charges. In a
case like that this provision allowing a Sen-
ator fifteen minutes is entirely worthless to the
Senate, and it would be denying to Senators
in this great examination that which is allowed
freely to jurors under the common law. I do
not think we ought to do that. I do not object
to the deliberations being in secret session par-
ticularly; but certainly, as a permanent rule
of the Senate, Senators ought not to be con-
fined in their thought upon such a case to what
may be said by counsel or by the managers on
the part of the House. I can think of a case
in which this limitation would be cutting off
debate substantially for all beneficial purposes.
A case might be presented in which different
charges were made against some public officex*
different counts presented—and each one of
those might involve questions of law and fact,
complicated, extensive. Certainly Senators
ought not to cut off from themselves the right
to discuss among themselves the legal ques-
tions and the questions of fact. I can very
easily conceive of a case which, in my judg-
ment, might be changed by some view of the
testimony that might be taken by some brother
Senator. We all know that verdicts of juries
are frequently controlled by their own discussion
bringing to bear upon the case that practical
sense which is so valuable in the jury-room,
which is not always in so eminent a degree
possessed by the counsel that have addressed
them.
It is suggested that the Senate is presumed
to possess all that; I think so. We are pre-
sumed to possess all the qualities of the counsel
and of jurors. Iam sure there is no danger
of abuse. The suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois in answer to the Senator
from Kentucky to-day, that the galleries may
be filled, and that counsel, ambitious to make
a great impression, may protractthediscussions,
does notapply in this stage of the proceedings at
all, because the Senate will be holding a secret
session -, the debates will not be recorded. For
no purpose, then, could a Senator consume
time ; he would address his brother Senators
only for the purpose of expressing his views
of the case. No other purpose can be attributed
to him, no other motive can be imagined.
Then why cut it off? If the Senator from
Michigan, upon his responsibility as a Sen-
ator, thought it his duty to address us an hour
or five hours upon a great case, would I not
listen to him? 1 certainly would not in ad-
vance say that he could not aid my judgment.
These are the views I take of it.
Mr. WILSON. The House of Representa-
tives are to bring before us clear and distinct
charges, and we are to resolve ourselves into
a court to hear them and try thein. There are
to be seven managers on the part of the House
of Representatives. They will, doubtless,
selectable and eminent lawyers; and I take
it that before we get through we shall have to
hear about all of them at full length, accord-
ing to one of the rules that we have adopted
to-day. I have no doubt that among the
counsel on the other side will be some of the
ablest lawyers who can be found in the coun-
try. We shall have to sit here day after day,
not upon the production of testimony, for most
of this matter depends upon record evidence,
but upon discussions of law and constitutional
power.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is answer-
ing me upon a particular case which I did not
go into at all. This is a rule to apply to all
cases.
Mr. WILSON. But I am going to stick to
this case. We shall have unquestionably to sit
here day after day and to listen to the fullest
and most elaborate discussions. Accustomed
as we are to listen to these matters, having
heard pretty much all the questions which will
probably be brought before the court discussed,
it seems to me we shall be prepared to make
up our minds without going into discussion our-
selves; and I believe, if we allow Senators to
discuss the questions, a great deal of time will
be occupied and no sort of good on earth will
result from it. I do not expect to learn any-
thing from any member of the Senate on the
questions which will arise, and I do not expect
that it is in my power to give any light to any
other members of the Senate. I think the
result will be to consume our time uselessly.
According to the rule as it stands, there is a
limit on our debate; but I believe the Senator
from Indiana is not satisfied with fifteen min-
utes ; he wants a chance to make a fourteen or
fifteen hour speech. A Senator sees fit to do
that, and if one Senator does it another will
do it, and so it will go on, and we shall have
day after day spent in discussion by Senators.
A case of this kind must necessarily take a
great deal of time. There is not a point in it
which will not be most thoroughly, elaborately,
and learnedly discussed by-the counsel for and
against the accused; and I think, with their
discussions, with what we shall hear from them,
and what little we know ourselves now, we
shall have no trouble in making up our minds,
but will be able to record our opinion without
having hour after hour and day after day spent
in talking among ourselves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. Would it be in order now to
move to strike out the twenty-second rule ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The twenty-second has
been gone through with. We are now on the
twenty-third. I submit that it is not in order
to move to strike out any previous rule until
we have gone through with all the rules ac-
cording to the course of a Committee of the
Whole,
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make that motion
whenever it shall be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it to have been regarded as the
sense of the Senate that the rules shall first be
gone through with as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no fur-
ther amendment be moved to the twenty-third
rule  
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
twenty-third rule by striking out that portion
of it commencing in the second line with the
word "except," inclusive, down to the word
" consent" in the third line from the bottom,
inclusive, and to insert other words in place
of them, which I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out the words " ex-
cept when the doors shall be closed for delib-
eration, and in that case no member shall
speak more than once on one question, and
for not more than ten minutes on an interlocu-
tory question, and for not more than filleeu
minutes on the final question, unless by con-
sent of the Senate, to be had without debate
and in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided, That any member of the court may at
anytime within ten days after judgmentlile his writ-
ten opinion as to the issues decided with tho Secre-
tary of the Senate, and the samo shall bo entered
upon the record of the proceedings.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move the following
rule, to come in before the forms:
When tho Senate sits as a high court of impeach-
ment in a case in which the Chief Justice must pre-
side, such of the foregoing rules as apply to the trial
shall he considered and adopted by the court before
they shall have force.
It is not necessary for me to occupy the
attention of the Senate at any great length of
time in support of the rule which I now pro-
pose. It stands upon this proposition: the
Senate having decided that it must resolve itself
into a court to consider the impeachment, and
the Constitution providing that the Chief Jus-
tice shall preside in that court in a particular
class of cases, in advance of so resolving itself
into a court it is not competent for the Senate
to prescribe the rules which shall control upon
matters arising on the trial. I think it is very
proper for the Senate to provide such rules as
it may be necessary to observe in passing from
the one character into the other; but when we
have done that our powers ought not to be
further exercised, to say the least of it. Sen-
ators will observe that I have confined this
amendment to the rules to the cases in which
the Chief Justice must preside. It is not neces-
sary to consider the reasons for that provision
of the Constitution which requires the Chief
Justice to preside; they are obvious. The
Senate ought to bo organized with a presiding
officer who has no interest, and can have no
