1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
iner, his assistants and clerks, their models, draw-
mas, and papers.
But two of our examiners at this time have each a
room of only half the ordinary size.
^ The business of this office is constantly and rapiclly
increasing, and thero is a pressing necessity now that
the number of examiners should bf increased to at
least twenty-five of eachgrnde. This increase has
been so enoimous that examiners are gradually fall-
in jjrrcui^ with then work in spite of the most
ch'iermineoi efforts to keep it up. This state of things
is ?rea tly injurious to inventors and embarra&sing to
the office.
To guve youan idcaof this increaselwill stotethat
the reports for January, February, and March, 1868,
show that the number of apphcationsreceive4 during
these months averagesover two thousandpermonth.
The number in March alone was two thousand three
hundred and fifty-two. If we had a few more rooms
now I could, by detailing first assistants to act as
piincipal examiners, arrest the increase of arrears
until such tune as Congress would pass an act to
increase the number of examiners.
Other branches of the service in this office are suf-
fering likewise for the want of space. From ten to
fifteen more rooms are needed for them. A single
room has been occupied for months by ten clerks.
A lance tire-proof building has been erected just
across G street from the Patent Office building for
the especial object, as I am informed, of lettmgit to
this Department or some of its bureaus.
Iam informedthatsomeoneorotherof thehureaus
iu this department might be removed wholly or in
part to &uch a buiidmg as that above mentioned
«i thoufc injury to the publicscrvice, and that all that
is wanting to effect an arrangement is the money
wherewithal to pay the rent.
Now, if (his be the state of the case, I hop© you
will urge upon Congress the expediency of making
an appropriation to pay the rent.
Very respectfully, A. M. STOUT,
Ac'my O'Tiimibtsioner.
lion. 0. II. BROWNING> Sccrctary Department Interior,
Mr. WILLEY, These papers were referred
to I he Committee on Patents, and a sub-com-
mittee was appointed to confer personally with
the Secretary of the Interior and also to make
personal examination of the convenience of
the Patent Office and to see whether the repre-
sentations made by the acting Commissioner
there were as stated. Accordingly the Sen-
ator fiom Connnecticut [Mr. Ferry] a.nd my-
selt made a personal visit to that establish-
ment, had a conference with the acting Com-
missioner, and visited several of the rooms.
"IV e found in some rooms as many as eight and
ten clerks in a room of ordinary size, all work-
ing together. We found that it was necessary
for two_ sets of examiners to be going on at the
same time in the same room as stated by the
acting Commissioner. On conferring with the
Secretary of the Interior he said that the busi-
ness of the Patent Office could not he con-
veniently carried on without more room; that
there were too many clerks for health and com-
lort and convenience and the expeditious per-
formance of duty in many of the rooms ; and
that the secrecy that ought to be preserved on
the part of the examiners could not be main-
tained ; and it was his decided opinion that
authority should be granted to some one to rent
additional rooms. An effoit was made to see
if in some of the other bureaus rooms could
not be procured, and we found that it-could
riot be. We supposed that perhaps when the
Agricultural Bureau was removed that would
make sufficient room ; but we found on ex-
amination that such would not be the fact.
The Secretary of the Interior said it would not
be; the acting Commissioner said it would not
be; and to show you what efforts were being
made among the different bureau's to see if
accommodations could be procured, I will send
to the deak a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office and ask that it be read.
The PIlES!DEN T pro tempore. The letter
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, April 18, 1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge your refer-
t rseo of communications from Hon. A. M. Stout, net-
inv> Commissioner of Patents, in which he makes
application fo rooms, No. 5t>, 53, and 60, in this office,
for the exclusive use of the diaughtmen's division
of the Patent Office. '
In reply I have to state that those rooms have been
for several years past, and are now used and occu-
pied by this office for the division of public lands;
and ten clerks engaged in importantcorrespondence,
posting returns from district land offices, &cM have
their desks, books, files, and papeistherein, amount-
ing to more than sixteen hundred volumes of tract-
books and abstracts, and twenty thousand homestead
oases with accompanying papers.
Book and file cases surrouud the walls of the rooms
occupying every available space, and the lecords
therein arc hourly consulted and referred to by the
twenty-nine gentlemen composing the division of
public lands.
There are no other rooms in this office in which the
records and papers mentioned can bo placed, and no
other place to which the desks of tho clerks engaged
therein can bo transferred.
This office has need ot additional room. In the
year 1861 the Patent Office took possession of three
rooms, and subsequently tho Pension Office has taken
two rooms which belonged to this office, making it
necessary to remove our clerks, files, and cases to
inconvenient and inappropriate quarters, notwith-
standing the several acts of Congress relating to the
homestead, agricultural college, mining, and other
landed interests made it necessary that we should
greatly increase the capacity of our file-room, as well
as to add to our clerical force.
I have, therefore, the honor to report that it will
be impossible to comply in this respect with the
request of the honorable acting Commissioner of
Patents.
With great resp ect, your obedient servant,
JOS. S. WILSON",
Commissioner.
Hon. 0. II. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WILLEY. I learn that there are thirty
or forty clerks now in the Pension Office who
are working outside the building and cannot
be provided with room in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will suggest
an amendment. 1 see that there is no limita-
tion whatever on the power of the Commis-
sioner as to the number of rooms to be hired,
or the amount to be paid. The Senator ob-
viously has examined into this matter with his
committee, so that he understands the neces-
sities of the Department; and I suggest that
the hiring should be by the Commissioner, with
the approval of the Committees on Patents of
the Senate and the House of Representatives.
I want to say a word further. I am a little
surprised—I have no doubt of the accuracy
of the information, and it is only because I
was not aware of it that I am surprised—at
the condition in which the public work seems
to be in the office of the Interior Department.
I suppose the building was originally designed
for the Patent Office; I understand it was.
The Interior Department has the possession
of it now, and the Patent Office proper is very
much crowded, I have 110 doubt. I under-
stand that a large number of the clerks of
that office are now actually in buildings en-
tirely independent of the Patent Office proper;
but 1 had supposed that when the new build-
ing was erected for the accommodation of the
Commissioner of Agriculture there would be
abundant accommodations for the Interior
Office proper and the Patent Office.
Now, on this amendment we have this gen-
eral proposition to consider: how long it will
be found to be for the interests of the Govern-
ment to hire rooms independent of the Gov-
ernment buildings, and at such rates and
under such circumstances and charges as may
be imposed upon us ; or how soon we shall be
obliged to encounter the general proposition
of making a building for the Interior Depart-
ment proper. I desire that this amendment
shall be made that for the time being whatever is
done in the way of renting rooms shall be sub-
ject to the approbation of the joint Committee
on Patents. I hope there will be no objection
to that.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not say "the ap-
proval of the Committee of the Senate?" Why
say "joint committee?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it
should be the joint committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I have had my attention
called to the fact that more rooms are needed,
and I know myself that there are more clerks
in a room than can conveniently attend to
their business ; Lut whether that will continue
so always I do not know. The business has
very much increased the last few years. They
are doing a great deal more nowthan they were
during the war; but if the Indian department
should move out of the Patent Office building:
if the Indian department should be put into
the hands of the Freedmen's Bureau, there
would then be vacant rooms. If the Freed-
men's Bureau of the War Department should
have charge of Indian matters, as I contem-
plate that perhaps they may, that would do
away with the necessity of occupying the rooms
that the Indian department now occupies, and
they might be used for the accommodation of
the clerks of the Patent Office. The Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, however, withhold that
measure, and I do 2iot know what disposition
may be made of it. If the Bureau of Refugees,
Preedmen, and Abandoned Lands, now organ-
ized in the War Department, will take charge
of the Indian department there might be room
enough for all the officers of the Patent Office
in the present building. I do not object to
this amendment; but I do not see the necessity
of joining two committees to say how much rent
shall be paid. I should suppose that one com-
mittee iu connection with the Commissioner
of Patents might decide that; but if the Sena-
tor thinks it needs two committees to decide
that question, I shall make no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine proposes to amend the amend-
ment so as to read:
That tho Commissioner of Patents be authorized to
rent, under the diieetion of the Committees on Pat-
ents ot the Senate and House of ltepresentatives.
such rooms as may be necessary for the speedy and
convenient transaction of tho business of the office,
and to pay for the same out of the patent fund.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe I have the con-
sent of the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to offer the following amendment
to aid in the erection of school-houses in the
District, outside of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown; it is to come in after line
four hundred and eighty-nine :
For the purchase of suitable sitoa for tho erection
of iiihlitional school-houses ;ni(l for the maintenance
of schools m tho county of Washington, outside of
the limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town, $10,000, the same to be expended under the
direction of tho levy court of thecounty of Washing-
ton, subjeot to the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would like to
ask the Senator whether the Committee on"the
District of Columbia have considered that ques-
tion, and what is the necessity of this appro-
priation ?
Mr. HARLAN. It has been considered by
the Committee on the District of Columbia and
unanimously approved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
recollect probably that within the last five years
a similar sum has been appropriated to this
object.
Mr. HARLAN". I will state to the Senate
the necessity for this. It grows out of the
destruction of property outside of the limits of
the city during the progress of the war. While
property inside of the cities was preserved by
the presence of the Army it is known to all
of us that they overran the plantations out-
side ; fences were destroyed; orchards were
destroyed; buildings were torn down. Al-
though the levy court now levy the ultimate
tax which they can levy under the law, it does
not enable them to crcct enough school-houses
to accommodatc the children.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not change the law
and make them levy more?
Mr. HARLAN. We intend to do that; but
they now need a little help in order to bring
them up. The valuation of property has greatly
decreased, and the number of poor people living
in that part of the District has been greatly
augmented. Very many laborers and people
engaged in humble employments have settled
outside of the corporate limits of Georgetown
and Washington in order to find homes at a
cheap rent, who are unable to pay any tax. I
do not think any Senator, if he were, familiar
with the condition of the District, would object
to furnishing this slight aid. I believe it is the
only bounty we have asked for the District for
this session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN". I offer this as an additional
section :
And beit fwilier ena&ectT Xhat the city of George-
