1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2615
of Great Britain. They were families having
chiefs, and were treated by that Government
m some degree as independent tribes. So long
as the}7 were so treated the Highlands of Scot-
land were scenes of untlirift, wrong, devasta-
tion, war, and all manner of expense to the
Government. But the British ministry of that
day broke up substantially the chieftain sys-
tem of the highlands of Scotland; and from
the hour the tribal or chieftain system was sub-
stantially broken up the highlands of Scot-
land, instead of being a source of weakness,
a source of expense, a source of wrong and
injury and devastation to the rest of the king-
dom, have been a nursery of soldiers for the
kingdom of Great Britain. Until we break
up this tribal system in regard to our Indians;
until we abolish this treaty system ; until Con-
gress refuses to appropriate any more money
for treaties of this description, so loi.g our In-
dian system will he a disgrace to the Govern-
ment and a source of the greatest injustice to
the people.
Allow me to give another illustration. Our
treaties provide that the Indian girls shall be
taught domestic economy. How do you sup-
pose that provision of our treaties is carried
out? Why, the Indian girls are taken by the
Indian agents into their kitchens, where they
do the housework; and the Government pays
the Indian agents ten dollars a month for em-
ploying those girls as servants to do their house-
work. In that manner the treaty stipulation
for teaching Indian girls domestic economy is
carried out.
  There is one other matter which I propose to
suggest to the committee, and if it should meet
the approval of the House I hope it will be
appended to this bill. Almost all the fraud
connected with this Indian system arises sub-
stantially out of the purchases and transporta-
tion of goods ; and I suggest to the committee
whether it would not be best to provide that all
the purchases for the Indians shall be made by
the Commissary General of the Army in open
market, as purchases for the Army are made.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER.. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the committee has considered,
or, if not, whether he himself has considered,
the propriety of transferring the Indian Bureau
entirely to the War Department, as was pro-
gosed in a bill which was once passed by this
touse—a bill which, if I had any encourage-
ment, I would report from the Committee on
Military Affairs and try to get passed again.
Mr. BUTLER. In answer to the question
of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I
will say that I think it is the unanimous opin-
ion of the Committee on Appropriations that
the management of our Indian affairs should
be transferred to the War Department. Cer-
tainly the purchase and transportation of goods
for the Indian department should be effected
through requisition upon the War Department.
During the whole of the late war there was, I
think, hardly a murmur of wrong or corrup-
tion on the part of the commissary department
of the Army. Being in a situation where I
was likely to have heard it if there had been
any such thing, I do not know that I ever heard
an intimation that in the purchase of provis-
ions there was any substantial fraud or wrong;
and as to the cost of transportation, except in
the matter of providing the means, I have
never heard of any substantial complaint. I
think theie could be saved to the Government
$1,000,000 a year by requiring by law that
purchases shall be made by the Commissary
General in open market, under the inspection
of competent officers of that department, and
transportation furnished by the War Depart
ment. Already much of the transportation
has to be furnished by that Department. Why,
sir, i! 1 were to believe, as I do believe, stories
which have been told to me, it has been a not
unfrequent thing that the cattle of friendly
Indians hav'c been stolen, turned over to a con-
tractor, and then sold back for food, under
treaties, at twenty, thirty, and fifty cents a
pound, to the very Indians from whom the cattle
had been stolen.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to have five
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. How much time have I
left ?
The CHAIRMAN. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield five minutes to
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman, I am not
here to defend any wrongs or frauds which may
exist in the Indian department. Some two or
three years ago I introduced a bill here and
urged its passage which I am entirely satisfied
would have prevented these wrongs and frauds;
but it was voted down by the gentlemen who
desired the transfer of the Indian Bureau to
the War Department.
Now, sir, what I rose for was to answer the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] in reference to the cheapness
of this War Department. The entire amount
appropriated in this bill by the Committee on
Appropriations, as stated in the note', is $2,214,-
283 ; that is for the entire Indian service of the
country. Now, sir, there are in the Territory
of Arizona alone less than three regiments of
soldiers, which are costing this Government to-
day more than a million dollars each. These
three regiments of soldiers alune, in Arizona,
cost more to this Government than the entire
appropriations for the Indian service. I make
no excuse or defense for the wrongs committed
in this Indian department; but when gentlemen
stand upon this floorand hold up the military as
so pure and so cheap I wish to state that these
three regiments in Arizona are more expen-
sive than all the Indians in the country. A
gentleman in high position in that Territory
told me that the people there were more afraid
of the soldiers in Arizona than they were of
the Indians. Half a dozen soldiers start out
on a scout and capture horses which are never
again heard of. He told me whenever he
travels he "dodges" the soldiers, for the rea-
son that if he has better horses than they have
tliey will take them under the pretense that they
are necessary for the purposes of the expedition.
I say that it is a known fact that each regi-
ment in that Territory costs more than one
million dollars, and you appropriate for these
regiments more than all the expense of the
country lor Indian affairs. That there is a vast
amount of fraud and wrong in the Indian de-
partment I doubt not; but the gentlemen who
propose to turn over Indian affairs to the War
Department had better take a warning by the
facts in Arizona and New Mexico. I am one of
those who opposed the transfer before and am
still opposed to the argument which looks to it
now. 1 say, if you want to double and treble the
expenses of the Indian department, acton the
suggestion just now made. I will join with the
gentleman in cutting down to the utmost ex-
tent we can appropriations for Indian affairs ;
but I will not join with him or anybody else in
the violation of treaties made with the tribes
of Indians. A single yiolation of a treaty
whereby you save $10,000 will cost you, Mr.
Chairman, more than a million dollars to put,
down the war caused thereby. And, sir, nine
tenths of the wars we have had have originated
on this floor and in the Senate by reason of not
complying with our agreements with the Indian
tribes. The massacre in my own State, eight
hundred in my own district having been killed,
originated from the fact that Congress was be-
hind hand in making appropriations, and the
Indians, who waited upon their reservation for
payment and thereby lost their spring hunt, were
ma starving condition. The money had reached
St. .Paul, but they did not know it. Ihey com-
menced hostilities and murdered our people.
Let us keep faith with these Indians and they
will keep faith with us. If we do not, we will
expend from ten to. twenty millions in putting
down Indian wars when a few hundred thou-
sands would carry out treaty stipulations. • -
Mr. PRU YN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a few minutes.
Mr. BUILER. I yield five minutes.
Mr. PRUYN. It is not often that I agree
with the gentleman from Massachusetts, but
I am very glad on this occasion to hear most
of the views he enunciated in regard to our
Indian policy. It has been my conviction for
a long time past that an essential and funda-
mental change should take place in our Indian
policy. We must treat the Indians as our
wards, as the gentleman has said; we must
treat them justly, fairly, and honestly, as the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom]"
urges; and it is my intention at some future
(lay, if some other disposition is not made by
the House of the matter, to move to refer it
to some appropriate officer of the Government
or to some appropriate committee of the House
to devise and report to this Congress at its next
session some plan for this purpose. 1 think
it is high time we set about it earnestly and
thoroughly. Just before this debate took place
this matter was the subject of conversation
araong several gentlemen on this side of the
House, in my neighborhood, in which essen-
tially this view was taken. Now, sir. if no
proper amendment can be made to this bill
which looks in the direction of some essential
and thorough change in regard to the matter, I
trust it will be brought about in some other
way; that hereafter our good faith with the
Indians may be better maintained than it has
been heretofore, and that some policy more
effective and more beneficial to the Indians
will be adopted by this Government.
Mr. WINDOM. If the gentleman will allow
me, a policy has been suggested and will prob-
ably be presented hereafter to put all the In-
dians in two reservations, one at the North
and the other at the South, destroying their
tribal relations and putting them under the
'control of the Government. The peace com-
mission which was recently appointed have
recommended such a policy, and I doubt not
it will be eventually adopted, if it is found
practicable.
Mr. PRUYN. It is suggested from another
quarter that the result might resemble that of
the Kilkenny cats if you try to force relations
of this kind upon tribes that do not agree with
each other in their modes of life. I doubt very
much whether you could get along in that way.
Still, that is a subject to be discussed hereafter.
Mr. WINDOM. It is very difficult to sug-
gest any plan that is not liable to objection.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I trust none
of the House will understand me as asking
that we shall break faith with the Indians by
not appropriating money where we have made
treaties with them. But I shall ask at soma
time or other that we abolish the whole treaty
system, as well in the present as in the^ past,
and bring all of them within the territorial
jurisdiction of the United State?, under the
control of this Government and amenable to
our laws, and none other. I trust at some
time Congress will take this subject in hand
and abolish this idea of treaties between a
hundred or a hundred and fifty unclothed, un-
taught, uncivilized, incoherent families. Put-
ting them by such treaties upon the same ground
as we do Russia or Great Britain, treaties
which they do not understand, which they can-
not comprehend, which are made under the
influence of whisky administered by employfes,
who hope to profit thereby, and treaties, the
non-fulfillment of which, either by accident or
by design, cause the murders and devastation
of which my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Wi.vpom,] has
brought to our notice. But for the present
we must deal with the system as it is, and we
have endeavored in this appropriation bill to
do so, cutting off everything that we could
that was not provided for by treaty and en-
deavoring to carry out treaties where vet tney
were made. , ...
Now, sir, I have said nothing about tiio
