1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
Form of subpoena to be issued on the application of
the managers of the impeachment, or of the party
impeached, or of his counsel:
To , greeting:
You, and each of you, are hereby commanded to
appear before the Senate of the United States, sit-
ting as a high court of impeachment, on the day
of , at the Senate Chamber, in the city of Wash-
ington, then and there to testify your knowledge in
the cause which is before the Senate, sitting as afore-
said, m which the House of Representatives have
impeached .
Fait not
Witness — , and Presiding Officer of the
Senate, sitting as aforesaid, at the city of Washing-
ton, this —— day of , in the year of our Lord
the
and of the independence of the United States
Form^of direction for the service of said subpoena:
The Senate of the United States sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to •, greeting:
You are hereby commanded to serve and return
the within subpoena according to law.
Dated at Washington this day of , in the
year of our Lord , and of the independence of the
United States tho .
Secretary of the Senate.
Form of oath to be administered to the Presiding
Officer and members of the Senate, sitting as a high
court of impeachment:
I solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be)
that in all things appertaining to the trial of the
impeachment of . now pending, I will do
impartial justice, according to the Constitution and
laws. So help me God.
Form of summons to be issued and served upon the
person impeached:
The United States of America, ss :
The Senate of the United States, sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to , greeting:
Whereas the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States of America did, on the day of ,
exhibit to the Senate articles of impeachment against
yon. the said —, in the words following:
[Here insert the articles.]
And demand that you, the said -
     ,—  should
be put to answer the accusations as set forth in said
•articles, and that such proceedings, examinations,
trials, and judgments might be thereupon had as are
agreeable to law and justice;
You, the said , are, therefore, hereby
summoned to be and appear before the Senate of the
UnitedStates of America, sitting as ahigh courtof im-
peachment, at their Chamber, in tho city of Washing-
ton, on the day of , then and there to answer
the said articles of impeachment, and then and thero
to abide by, obey, and perform such orders, directions,
and judgments as the Senate of the United States,
sitting as aforesaid, shall make in the premises, ac-
cording to the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
Hereof you aro not to fail.
Witness , and Presiding Officer of the
said Senate, bitting as such high court ot* impeach-
ment, at the city of Washington, this -day of
 , in the year of our Lord , and of the inde-
pendence of the United States the ,
Form of precept to be indorsed on said writ of
summons:
The United States of America, ss:
The Senate of the United States, sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to , greeting:
You are hereby commanded to deliver to and leave
with , if conveniently to be found, or if
not, to leave at his usual place of abode or at his
usual place of business, in some conspicuous place, a
true and attested copy of the within writ of summons,
together with a like copy of this precept; and, in
whichsoever way you perform the service, let it be
done at least days before the appearance-day
mentioned in said writ of summons.
Fail not, and make return of this writ of summons
and precept, with your proceedings thereon indorsed
on or before the appearance-day mentioned in the
said writ of summons.
Witness , and Presiding Officer of the
Senate, sitting as aforesaid, at the city of Washing-
ton, this day of , in the year of our Lord
—, and of the independence of the United States
the —■—.
All process shall be served by the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out the
words " sitting as a high court of impeach-
ment" whereverthe.y occur in tho forms. Those
words have not yet been in any form, and I ob-
ject to their being here. My amendment, if
adopted, will make the forms read as the forms
read in 1804, in 1830, and in 1862, and always
until now.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The object of introducing
those words in the forms was that the forms
would be applicable and the signature to these
processes would be applicable in whatever case
might be on trial. If the President of the Uni-
ted States should be on trial it would be neces-
sary that these processes should be signed by
the Chief Justice or issued under his direction,
tested in his name as the person presiding at
that trial; whereas if any other person should
be on trial it would be the President or Pres-
ident pro tempore of the Senate. Therefore,
if you strike outthe words "court of impeach-
ment," the character in which the Senate is
sitting, and hence describing the character of
the presiding officer in whose name a process
is tested, you have the form in such a condition
that it would be tested by the Presiding Officer
of the Senate, that is, the general Presiding
Officer of the Senate, who is in this case the
President jpro tempore, which would be entirely
wrong, as it seems to me. The object of intro-
ducing these words, as I have said, was to leave
it so that the teste in the name of the Presiding
Officer would be a teste in the name of what-
ever officer was to preside at that particular
trial, instead of the general Presiding Officer
of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING". I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont whether, if pro-
cess is issued next week or the week after
next by the Senate, the Chief Justice at the
time being the presiding officer in fact and in
truth ill the Senate, the form, as it will be
without those words, will not be just as appli-
cable as it will be in any other instance of a
presiding officer?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President; it
will not be, for this reason: unless he be in
fact on the particular day presiding officer.
When the Senate is doing legislative business,
and also trying on the same day an impeach-
ment, at which the Chief Justice presides,
unless you have some words which distinguish
between the one and the other, the term ''Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate" would refer to the
President pro tempore, as we are at present
organized, there being no Vice President to
preside over us.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; but the Sen-
ator does not answer my question. I ask him
whether, if, in point of fact the trial of the
President of the United States is going on,
and the Chief Justice presiding, and process
is issued during that trial, it would not, under
this form, be tested by the man who, in truth
and in fact, was then acting as presiding officer?
If he supposes that such a thing could occur
when atrial was progressing against the Pres-
ident, and the Chief Justice was presiding,
that the counsel on the one side or the man-
agers on the other would wait for a legislative
day and then apply to the Senate in legislative
session for the process, there may be some
possible room for his criticism ; butthat I can-
not suppose within the range of reasonable
possibility. And until tliis time the form has
always been as it would be without these words.
If any gentleman can assign a reason why we
should attempt this innovation now, he will
assign a reason which has not been assigned
in my hearing yet. It is all plain sailing while
we adhere to the old custom and to the idea
that the Senate is to try impeachments; but
the moment we take the idea that the Senate
is to die and use a new body when the court
comes in, then we depart from the moorings
and then we aie launched upon uncertainties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody takes the idea
that the Senate is to die and is to be launched
a new body by any means. That we dis-
cussed on Saturday until, I believe, on a yea
and nay vote the Senate was satisfied with
the position that these rules took on that sub-
ject. It is true that the old form is "witness,
 , Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate thereof." We
could not leave the old form standing as it was,
because it would not be applicable at all. It
was, therefore, as I said before, to get a form
which should be applic&ble to every species
of position of the Senate for any trial of im-
peachment; and it was thought desirable in
order to do that, in order to prevent any mis-
take or misconception, to test the process in
the name of the Presiding Officer' of the Sen-
ate, sitting in the particular character and for
the particular purpose named in the process.
Then there can be no mistake about it.
Now, it is not necessary, as a matter of prac-
tice, that every process shall be signed in the
case we are speaking of while the Chief Justice
is in the chair. He may sign it in his cham-
bers ; he may sign it anywhere. This only pro-
vides for the form of the teste of the writ, and
it must be tested in his name as the presiding
officer, not of the Senate in general. On some
day when the Senate is not sitting for the pur-
pose oftrying that impeachment, he can still is-
sue process; but it is to be tested in the name of
the official and in the character of that official
who is entitled to preside over the trial; and,
therefore, to use language that would be ap-
plicable to all cases, it was necessary, as it
appeared to us, to use this form.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to call the atten-
tion of my friend to the fact that on the trial
ot Peck, in 1830, the Vice President did not
sit at all until some time in January, 1831,
though the trial commenced on the 13th of
December, 1830. Mr. Smith, a Senator from
Maryland, presided until some time in January,
and yet, although these forms read as the Sen-
ator has recited, no difficulty was found; no-
body supposed a writ must be in truth signed
by the Vice President because the original
form recited that, any more than anybody sup-
poses that in the form as it will be, if amended
as I propose, anybody would teste it except the
presiding officer in truth, which presiding
officer would be^ tho Chief Justice in the case
we are approaching.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have heard the honor-
able Senator from New York upon this ques-
tion, and he makes no objection that I can see
to these words cxcept that they do not follow
the old precedents. If we adopt the amend-
ment which the Senator proposes to these forms,
it necessarily involves a revision of these rules;
for from the beginning to the end this body
has been designated while engaged in trying
impeachment as a "high court of impeach-
ment;" and it was decided by the Senate, as
I understood the decision, that it should be so
designated in the rules. Now, to preserve the
consistency of the rules, it seems to me that we
should adhere to this designation.
Mr. CONKLING. When was that decided?
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. That question was de-
cided on the first day during which the rules
were^ considered. I am very confident that
we did take a vote upon that question.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Feeky] will know whether we
voted on anything except striking'out the word
"high." '
Mr. FERRY. The only thing we voted on
was the striking out of the worn "high ;" but
at the same time there was a suggestion from
myself that I intended to follow it Up by other
amendments so as to cut out from the rules if
I could this expression, "high court of im-
peachment."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that there may
be a reason for a departure from the old pre-
cedents. Does the Senator pretend that we
have adhered to the old precedents from be-
ginning to end? We have introduced many
new rules here, and have departed.'largely and
widely from the rules that have heretofore ob-
tained in trials of impeachments; and there is
a reason, it seems to me, why in'this particular
case, as suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont, there may be a departure from the rules
that were adopted in other cases ;" for this is
the first occasion on which the President of the
United States is to be tried, and when the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is to pre-
side. It would be possible that rules or forms
applicable to a case where the President of the
Senate would preside, would not be applicable
to a, case where the Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court is to preside.
