208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
understood him—and he will correct mc if I
misapprehend him—thnt the benefit of such a
repeal would inure to those who have been in
arms against the United States, is under a
great mistake. To a certain extent, no doubt,
that is true ; but the system now to which they
have been forced to resort is not to pay ,1 fixed
pecuniary sum to the negroes, by whom alone
as the population now is there they can raise
the article, but to give them a portion of the
crop; I think in general it is about one third ;
and thenegroes ot the South, intelligent enough
to know that they are not receiving as much
as they would receive under a different system
of taxation, have come to discover that twenty-
five per cent, of their earnings is by Congress
forced into the Treasury of the United States.
That is to say, in other words, their labor is in
amount compensated for by a sum twenty-five
per cent, less than would be its compensation if
this tax was not on the statute-book; and they
are, if my opinion is right—and it must be so if
these negroes are intelligent and know the value
of a dollar—becoming exceedingly dissatisfied,
and are now as earnest in the wish to have the
tax terminated as any of those whom the honor-
able member calls the rebels of the South. It
is not a question of rebellion or of loyalty; it is
a question of financial policy, not in any man-
ner, as I think, to be connected with either of
those considerations. The point is what is best
for the interests of the country. I think it is
best to remove the tax altogether, and I think,
after much reflection upon the subject and all
the information I have been able to obtain in
this Chamber and out of it, that that is the best
policy is manifest.
But there is another consideration to which
the honorable member from New Jersey so
happily referred. We desire, or should desire,
and I believe we do desire, all of us, to have the
South reinstated in all the resources of wealth
which before belonged to it, except (if that, was
a resource for wealth) the institution of slavery.
We desire, therefore, that their waste land
should be again brought into cultivation, that the
desolation of war should at the earliest moment
be removed, the best feeling between that sec-
tion and the other section of the country be
encouraged; and to do this it seems to me but
ptoper that we should say to them, " We will
not impose upon the article which constitutes
the chief portion of your wealth a specific tax
which we do not impose upon any other
article of human labor by the cultivation of
the soil." Throwing, therefore, ajl considera-
tions of power out of the question—which is
certainly a question I do not mean now to dis-
cuss—it appears to me, and I submit it to the
Senate a3 perfectly just, that we should remove
this tax in the future at least; and that is a
question involved in the report of the Com-
mitteemen Finance. That there is no clamor
of which my friend from Maine spoke, in the
ordinary sense of that word 
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
will permit me, I will ask him whether he will
not consent to &n executive session at this
time?
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall be through in five
minutes. 1 <>
Mr. CONNESS. There are a great many
amendments to be offered which cannot be
disposed of to-night.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will permit me to conclude what I have to say,
I shall not detain him nor the Senate from an
executive session more than a minute or two.
It seems tomethatthevoteintheotherHouse
in support of this repeal and the several votes
which have been given in this body on the same
subject prove that in the judgment of the coun-
try this tax should cease to exist.
A word more, and I shall have done. In
the amendment as I proposed it originally to
the bill as reported by the Finance Committee
I proposed to apply its provisions to the entire
crop of 1867. There are I know in the Cham-
ber Senators who think that while it Would not
be right to make the application so general it'
is right aud proper to make it apply to that
porlion of the product which is now in the
hands of the producer not contracted to be
sold or not sold, and I have therefore modified
the amendment so as to bring about that result.
The only difference between that amendment
and the amendment which the honorable mem-
ber from Oregon suggested that he would offer
is, that he provides what I suppose to be wholly
unnecessary, that the passage of a bill of this
description is not to involve the United States
in an obligation to return the tax which has
heretofore been received. I have a word to
say only upon that subject. If that tax was
unconstitutionally imposed and there is any
mode of bringing that question before the
judicial tribunals of the country a provision
such as the honorable member proposes will
be of no operation. If it is intended to guard
against the Secretary of the Treasury return-
ing any tax which has been received it is
unnecessary, because the Secretary would have
no authority to return it. The practical oper-
ation, therefore, of his amendment would, I
think, be nothing; but if the Senate should
think it advisable to incorporate that into the
amendment which I have offered I should
personally have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire the
condition of the question. I beg to know what
amendment is pending that I may know whether
it is in order to move to perfect the text.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment is in order now. The pending question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland is pending and in
order, and to that is an amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from New York that I do not
choose to bring in my amendment and have it
pending as an amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland, because if it
should be voted upon his amendment and then
his amendment be voted down I should lose
my amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you withdraw your
amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do for the
present.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I wish to offer an
amendment for the purpose of perfecting the
text of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont is
withdrawn an amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland will be in order,
but not to the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know what form
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland
takes. I should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is an
addition to the bill. It will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Johnson, which was to add at the end of the
bill the following:
And that the crop grown in the year 1867 shall in
all cases where the said crap may be at the passage
of this act in the hands of the producer, and not sold
or contracted to be sold, be also exempt from the
said tax.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit that an amend-
ment perfecting the previous text of the bill is
in order. However, I will indicate the amend-
ment which I wish to offer, and will get an
opportunity at the proper time to submit it.
I do not care when. I will indicate it now. It
was suggested to me by the Senator from Ver-
mont in private, and had occurred to me as I
read this bill, that in line three it would be
well that the word "raw" should be inserted
before " cotton," to the end that there shall
be no mistake about the exemption applying
to raw cotton, and not to any cotton in ad-
dition to that. But I wish to strike out the
I word "after" in line three, and insert the
i word "during;" aud to ^.rike out tin; word
'•seven'' in line four, and insert the word
"eight:" so that the bill, as amended, will
read:
That nil raw cotton arrow" in the United Stn tcs dur-
' ing the year 1808 shall be exempt from internal tax.
It was my purpose, Mr. President, to say a
word or two in reference to this amendment
and the bill, but 1 do not wish to stand in the
way of the Senator from California., who seems
to wish an executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, aud the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December lti, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayef
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour, to call
the States and Territories for bills and joint
resolutions for reference, not to be brought
back into the House by motions to reconsider.
writs of error and appeals.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill regulating
writs of error and appeals from the supreme
court of the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
BACK PAY OF SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. FIELDS introduced a bill relating to
the back pay of soldiers and sailors ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF DEEDS.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill in reference
to acknowledgment of deeds and other instru-
ments in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill to provide for the appointment of a mar-
shal for the_ District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
LAND TITLE.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a. bill confirming the title of William M. Garvey
to certain lands in Iowa; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELIvER introduced a bill in relation,
to public schools in the cities of Washingtonandj
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, and
amendatory of existing laws in relation thereto;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
JfOTT AND CO.
Mr. ORTH introduced a bill for the adjust-
ment of the elaim of Nott & Co., under the
treaty of 1858 with the Chinese Government;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PAY OF BOUNTY.
^ Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
bill tp pay balance of bounty to non-commis-
sioned officers honorably mustered out of the
service of the United States as supernumera-
ries, under the order of the War Deoartment
authorizing the consolidation of regiments by
reason of the casualties of the service; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
