2616
Mi 'OONGfiESSI-eKAL ^QliOBiS.:
May-
cheapness of the War Department I think
they are a very expensive Department, but I
think tlia.t they have an element of honesty in
carrying out their operations.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say that I have
been informed-that in Arizona the Indians sell
their corn for one cent a pound, while the
commissary department buys it at twelve cents
per pound.
Mr. BUTLER. Very possibly. I do not
say that all men in the War Department are
honest* but I do not think that all the men are
dishonest. I think if the goods were purchased
her© and were transported there by the War
Department more of theui would get there;
"and it could be done with more promptness,
more efficiency, and certainly with no greater
expense than it is done now.
[Here the hammer fell, the thirty minutes
allowed for general debate having expired.]
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. Is further debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Five minutes' debate
on amendments is in order.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand from the
general debate which preceded the reading of
the bill by clauses that the object is to trans-
fer this Indian Bureau to the military Depart-
ment of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
except upon amendments.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well; then I move
to strike out the words " for current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department."
The CHAIRMAN. That part of the bill has
been passed.
Mr. CHANLER. I move, then, tostrikeout
the following clause:
Superintendents of Indian affairs:
Three superintendents for the tribes cast, of the
Rocky mountains; one for Oregon; one for Washing-
ton Territory; 0110 for the Tenitory of NewMexico;
one for the Territory of Utah ; one for California.
It is the same thing. The object is to discuss
the bill as it stands. The question is whether
the superintendents of Indian affairs shall stand
in this bill or not.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
order. The gentleman from New York will
understand the Chair. General debate was
limited by the House to thirty minutes, which
have expired. The gentleman can speak five
minutes in support of his amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I am speaking on strik-
ing out "superintendents of Indian affairs."
I will say this with regard to the treatment of
the Indians, that if the angel Gabriel was liable
to corruption, it is a very dangerous position
to put an officer of the Army in. There are
a great many superintendents of Indian affairs
who probably never did know and never will
know the angel Gabriel, although they may
have fulfilledalltheir duties toward the Indians.
But, sir, the object of this bill is to provide
for a wise and just administration of ouraffaifs
with the Indians, and not for the purpose .of
transferring from one set of men to another
the patronage of this department. In order to
do justice to the Indians we shall have to detail
this work in accordance with the character-
istics of the^ different tribes, and any allusion
to the Scottish nation has as little parallel with
the Indian tribes as if you were to quote the
nations of all Europe under the head of Eu-
rope. We should treat each Indian tribe just
in accordance with established treaties. There
is as great a diversity amongtheditferent tribes
of Indians on this continent as there is between
the different nations of .Europe. Some live in
houses, some live in cities, some engage in
manufactures, and are as capable of carrying
on their own government as a great many
peoples who do carry on independent Govern-
ments on the face of the earth. And tosweep
them all Into one category, in order to transfer
the patronage of this department, in the name
of protecting the Indians, to the military De-
partment—in other words, giving them military
governments instead of civil governments—is a
fundamental change in the policy of our Gov-
ernment toward tie Indians which ought to
be discussed more broadly than could be done
in the thirty minutes allowed for general debate
upon this bill. If the policy is to strike at
the whole system of superintendents of Indian
affairs, then the whole subject should be re-
ferred and discussed. It is not a mere matter
of dollars and cents. It is a question of
justice to distinct peoples, as distinct in their
national organizations as the people who now
govern this country are distinct from the people
from whom they took the soil which we now
govern.
The past policy of the Government has been
to adopt the Indian as a ward. 1 believe that
is no new term in the administration of our
Indian affairs. I believe that has been the past
policy of this Government, and to say that they
shall be hereafter the wards of the Government
is merely to say that we intend to continue the
policy which ljp.s been pursued from the begin-
ning with regard to the Indians.
It is, sir, impossible to meet and discuss this
question in all its branches upon the mere mat-
ter of superintendents ot'Indian affairs. There
should be left in the hands of the Executive—a
civil oflieerof the Government—as there is now
full power, and there should be full responsi-
bility upon him with regard to the administra-
tion of Indian affairs. A transfer of it to the
military Department is in direct antagonism to
the idea that these people are ever to be brought
into civilization. It means extermination if it
means anything. It means that death and
destruction are to be dealt out to the Indians
by the commanders of the different posts under
military law, and that the shield of the civil
law is to be removed from these semi-barba-
rians. Sir, I look upon it as a cruel policy,
unless it is justified by a direct attack of the
Indians upon ourselves, and unless that attack
by the Indians on white men is unjustifiable.
But tire history of this country proves that the
white man has been the aggressor. From the
moment he first put his foot upon the soil he
has been attacking and driving the Indian from
his home. To give the Indian any home in
this country you must leave in him the right
and title to the land, and endeavor to civilize
him upon the spot. But drive him from his
home and you make him a vagabond. Array
the armies of this country against him and you
make him a pariah and a bandit.
Whatever the policy of the country is to be,
I hope the whole system of our Government,
so far as the Indians are concerned, will be
revised, and their treatment based not# upon
the idea of the Indians constituting one nation,
but distinct nationalities, having peculiar cus-
toms dear to themselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Superintendents of Indian affairs:
Three superintendents for the tribes east of the
Rocky mountains; one fox-Oregon; onefor "Washing-
ton Territory; one for the Territory of InTow Mexico ;
one for the Territory of Utah; one for California.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by inserting after the
words "one for California" the words "one
for Nevada, and one for Arizona." I have been
requested by the Department of the Interior
to present a large number of amendments to
this bill, but a small portion of which I shall
offer. Those amendments have not been con-
sidered by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
But I shall present some on my own responsi-
bility, and 1 think the sense of the House
should be tested upon this as one of them.
I would ask the gentlemen of the Committee
on Appropriations why they have omitted an
appropriation for superintendents for Nevada
and Arizona and have made one for Washing-
ton Territory? This bill makes apprupriatious-
for the Indians of both Nevada and Arizona,
and it seems to me there should be some
authorized agent of the Government there to
make the payments of the money which the
bill itself proposes shall be given to the Indians.
I therefore move that the superintendents, be
continued in office and paid in Arizona and
Nevada. There are already superintendents
there, and I know of no reason why they should
not be continued.
Mr. BUTLER. In answer to the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,] I will say that
the Committee on Appropriations examined
the law, and where they found a provision of
law requiring a superintendent, ill every case,
unless there has been an omission by accident,
the committee have recommended an appro-
priation for that purpose. But where the only
foundation for an Indian agency or an Indian
superintendency has been the fact that in some
former appropriation bill there had been an
appropriation for one, we assumed that that
was temporary only, aud we struck it out.
Mr. WINDOM. How is the money to be
applied ? Who is to pay it out if there is no
agent for the purpose ?
Mr. BUTLER. There are agents. But
it will be observed that Oregon, Washington,
California, Utah, and New Mexico are so
large in territorial extent, and the tribes of
Indians are so scattered, that there seems to
be a necessity for superintendents. But we
thought Indian agents could do all that was
necessary in well organized Territories, as they
do in Kansas and Minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM. You make no appropri-
ations for Indian agents in these Territories.
Mr. BUTLER. We make appropriations
for agents for tribes eastof the Rocky mount-
ains. The theory upon which we have gone
is this; that wherever we were required by law
to appropriate we have appropriated ; where
ever we could get rid of an appropriation in
any way wo have not made it; when we could
cut down we did; when we could not we did
not.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no feeling in this
matter ; I only present it to the Committee of
the Whole for its action.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I rise to a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My point of
order is that these agencies arc not authorized
bylaw; this amendment is therefore independ-
ent legislation, and not in order to an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the point of order
is made too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would over-
rule the point of order, even if made in time.
But it is made too late.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Wisdom ; and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
Indian agents:
One tor the tribes in Oregon ; four for the tribes in
New. Mexico; one additional for Indians in JNrew
Mexico; one for the tribes m New Mexico ; one for
the tribes in Utah; one additional for the Indians in
Utah; one for the tribos in the Territory of Utah,
(aud the pay of the three agents in Utah shall heie-
after be $1,000 each per annum ;) eleven tor the tribes
east ot the Kooky mountains; two foi the tribes cast
of the Rocky mountains; tour l'or the Indians east of
the Jtocky mountains, namely, Sioux and Soniinoies,
the Omaha, Kiekapoo, Kansas, aud Neo-.Lio agen-
cies; three for the tiibes east ot the llocky ranunt-
aius:oiie for the Indians in the State ot ^New xuilv;
one'for the Delaware Indians: one tor Green 13 ty,
Wisconsin; one for the tribes m Washington Tei ri-
tory: one tor the Wichita? and nei^hbonns tribes
west ot the Ciloctavvs and Chickasaw-:; one for tho
tribes eastof the llocky mountains; one lor the In-
dians ill the Territory ot New Mexico; one tor tho
Poiloa tribe; one tor the P.uvnco; one lor tile Yan_-
ton Sioux; three for tile tribe-; in the Teriitorv of
Washington ; one Jor the Giaud River and Uintah
bands ot Indians in the Territory ot Ooloiudo; two
tor the upper Mi^souii and the country adjacent
thereto; one for the Ottawa?. Ohippewas ot Hwan
creek and Iliack river, and Christian Indian* in Kan-
sas: lour agents lor the titate of California ; one tor
the Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche Indians; one for
the Sisseton andWarpeton bands of Dakotaoi-yioux
Indians; one foi the bands of t5ae  aud Foxes of the
Mississippi, now in Tama county, Iowa.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by striking
out in the paragraph just read the words
'"eleven for the tribes eastof the Rotky mount-
ains." I make this motion for. the"purpose
