3640
THE COffGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
town, the city of Washington, and the levy court of
the county of Washington, District of Columbia, bo,
and they are hereby, authorized to levy and collect
a special tax on the taxable property within their
respective jurisdictions, tor the erection of schooi-
houhes and thesupportof public schools, not exceed-
ing fifty cents on each $100 for any one year, to bo
assessed and collected as other taxes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To what does
that apply ?
Mr. HARLAN. It increases the maximum
amount of tax that may be assessed and col-
lected by the proper authorities, in pursuance
of the suggestion of the Senator from Ver-
mont. In the District outside the cities the
maximum is now twenty-five cents on the ยง100
of assessable property.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To be consist-
ent, I suppose 1 ought to suggest that this does
not seem to be exactly germane to this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator will not
make that objection. I am very anxious that
this provision should go througli, and 1 think
it is important for the welfare of the citizens
of the District that it should be passed. It
might fail in any other form.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer in behalf of my
colleague, [Mr. Spragbe,] who has been called
away by pressing business, an amendment
which has the sanction of the Committee on
Commerce, and which the Committee on Ap-
propriations, I believe, have agreed to, to
come in on page 9, after line one hundred and
eighty-nine:
For a life-boat to be stationed at the south end of
NarraganseU beach, Rhode Island, 82,000.
It is important for the safety of human life.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Commerce recommend it?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also requested by
my colleague to offer an amendment of which
he gave notice to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and which has the sanction, I believe,
of the Committee on Manufactures. Some time
ago 1 had the honor to offer a proposition, which
was accepted by the Senate, raising a com-
mission to make some experiments in regard
to the cultivation and cottonization of flax.
The result of those experiments, although they
did not lead to any process by which flax could
be manufactured upon cotton machinery, has
been exceedingly satisfactory. Flax has been
used for a great many purposes for which it
was not used before. It is used for admixture
wil.h wool in piaee of cotton to very great
advantage, making a better fabric and a better
mixture and better colors. .The appropria-
tion for that purpose, which was $20,000, was
not exhausted. Only $9,500 were used, and the
balance has lapsed into the Treasury under the
general law. The amendment which I now
offer provides that the balance of that appro-
priation, $10,500, may be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Agriculture to
test the cultivation and preparation of madder-
root in this country. We have the climate, we
have the soil, we have every facility for the
preparation of this important commodity, which
now takes a great deal of money out of the
country, except that labor is too high here, and
we only require some labor-saving invention,
such as American ingenuity has applied to
almost every other process of manufacture, and
it will enable us tq save a large amount of
money that we now lose. The amendment is
to add to the appropriations in the bill:
l'or experiments in the cultivation and preparation
oftho madder-root, $10,500, to be expended underthe
direction of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. COLE. I would like to know, in the
first place, if this has the indorsement of any
committee; and if so, what committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. The sanction of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, and has been before
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. I happen to be a member of
the Committee on Manufactures, and there
has been no meeting of that committee this
session. This is a proposition to experiment
in reference to an agricultural product. I do
not know any good reason why there should be
an appropriation by the General Government
for the purpose of carrying on a mere experi-
ment of this sort.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will correct myself; it
was the Committee on Agriculture. I thought
it was the Committee on Manufactures. The
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture is
here.
Mr. COLE. Then, as to the merits of the
measure, I understand the Senator from Rhode
Island to say that his particular part of the
Union is very well adapted to this product. It
seems to me, if that is the c&se, it should be
carried on without any appropriation from the
General Government. 1 do not see that it has
any more merit than any other proposition for
a mere experiment. I do not think, indeed, it
has half as much merit as an experiment as
some propositions that have been offered to
this bill and have not been received.
Mr. CAMERON. Perhaps I can make an
explanation that will meet the views of the
Senator from California. Some years ago
there was an appropriation made of $20,000
to make experiments in the culture of lmen
flax, and experiments upon machinery for
using flax so as to make it more easily manu-
factured, to make it more easily produced into
cloth, as cotton is. Experiments were made
until they expended $9,500 of the $20,000, and
the balance is, or ought to be, in the Treasury.
There is an unexpended balance of $10,500of
that appropriation; and now it is proposed,
and 1 think very wisely, that the balance of
that appropriation shall be used, so far as it
may be necessary, to bring the madder-root
into proper cultivation in this country.
Madder is a production of India. For long
years it was brought entirely from India into
France, into Holland, and into England. It is
used, as everybody knows, very largely as a
dye-stuff in this country. In Holland itis pro-
duced upon the dykes and other waste lands.
In France, down upon the Rhone, the river
which empties into the Mediterranean at Mar-
seilles, all the swamp lands are now occupied
in the production of the madder-root; and so
valuable has it been to that country that a
monument costing hundreds of thousands of
dollars has been erected to the laboring man
who first introduced it into that country. On
the dykes of Holland, where they can produce
nothing else, they produce the madder-root.
It is believed that in our southern country
here, with a climate as favorable as the valley
of the Rhone, and a soil part of it as useless
and yet as productive as the dykes of Holland,
this root can be produced-in any quantity. 1
am not able to give the proper statistics, but
some millions of dollars, five or six millions, I
think, are expended annually in bringing this
dye-stuff to our country. If we can, by an
expenditure of five or ten million dollars in
experiments, make this one of the products of
our own country, we shall be doing a benefit to
the country. It has been well said that who-
ever causes two blades of grass to grow where
only one grew before is a public benefactor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him what this experiment
contemplates; whether it is an experiment
under the personal supervision of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, and on the public
grounds ?
Mr. CAMERON. No; the expenditure is
to be under the direction of the Commissioner
of Agriculture in the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What particular
section of the country is supposed to be adapted
to this ?
Mr. CAMERON. All the southern States;
Virginia and Maryland, and especially North
Carolina. It is believed that with their climate
on their soil madder can be raised without any
difficulty f but some money must be expended
so as to induce people to go into the cultiva-
tion. The suggestion is made by the Senator
fiom Rhode Island, not now present, [Mr.
Sprague,] who is a large manufacturer as we
all know, and in whose intelligence we all
have confidence. If he were here he could
give the statistics, which would, I am sure,
satisfy the Senate of the propriety of this. I
only know in general terms that it would be a
great benefit to the country to make this one
of our annual products, and I trust the appro-
priation will be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. Twill ask to have a letter
read from the Commissioner of Agriculture
on this subject, and I will say that I think my
friend from California does not show his usual
generosity, after we have been voting all sorts
of things for his section of country, to object
to this little appropriation of an unexpended
balance we have saved out of previous appro-
priations.
Mr. COLE. There is no telling where this
will end. If we make this appropriation it
may result in putting upon us the necessity
of sending this madder-root all over the United
States. I do not know where it is to end. If
it were to end with this appropriation it might
probably be less obnoxious.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is an unexpended
appropriation, which has lapsed into the
Treasury, that was made for experiments in
flax two or three years ago. This is only to
apply the balance of it.
Mr. COLE. Itis a balance of an appropria-
tion which was made for another and very
distinct purpose.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I do not see why it is different
from an appropriation out and out from the
Treasury. The money has gone into the Treas-
ury, and it seems to me it is just like voting a
new appropriation of $10,500.
Mr. CAMERON. Agriculture in this country
has been an experiment from the first settle-
ment of the country, and is stiil an experiment.
We are every year going' on to improve. I
suppose all the men who are past forty years
of age remember that sixty years ago the red
clover was not in this couutry until it was
brought from abroad, and nothing has given
so much benefit to the agriculture of the coun-
try as the introduction of the red clover. Tim-
othy, which makes the great amount of the
hay of all the northern States, was brought
into this country not more than seventy years
ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask my friend if they
were brought here by an appropriation made
out of the Treasury by the General Govern-
ment ?
Mr. CAMERON. That is hardly a fair
question. Certainly they were not, because
seventy years ago the Government's whole rev-
enue was not more than five or six millions a
year, and its expenditures were certainly not
more than that; but we have become stronger
and abler to protect interests which have bene-
fited the country every year since then. I do
not think the Senator from Maine will vote
against this appropriation when we have been
doing so much for his fisheries and forests up
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only wanted to know
whether private interests had not done some
of these things ?
Mr. CAMERON. Private enterprise in the
State of Maine was very much stimulated by
appropriations of the General Government in
favor of the fisheries, and so I could tell you
of other things.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
i called tor by the Senator from Rhode Island
| will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department or Agriculture,
Washington, June 24.1&6S.
Sir: In answer to yours of the 23d instant relative
to the unexpended appropriation ior eottonizinK
flax, and to the feasibility of madder production, I
have the honor to observe that the unexpended bal-
ance, after the committee's investigations, was
$10,500, which has been covered in the Treasury, and
therefore cannot be reached except by an appropria-
tion for the specific purpose.
I would respectfully suggest the importance of a
practical experiment, conducted under Government
auspices, for the discovery of labor-saving processes
of culture, and more economical modes of prepara-
