1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
Senator from Kentucky proposes that in this
oath we shall be sworn to support the supreme
law of the land; that is all, to use constitu-
tional language; and if there is any question
of propriety as to the particular words that is
the best form. Of course, in my judgment, the
clause will mean exactly the same thingwhether
the amendment be in or out.
Mr. DRAKE. Then the amendment is not
.necessary.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to say.
It is quite obvious to my mind what is intended
by this amendment. In my owp ideas of the
laws of the United States, it would make no
difference with me in any event. I can best
illustrate my ideas, I believe, by putting a sup-
posititious case. Suppose a collector of a port
of the United States was required by a statute
formally passed by Congress to perform a cer-
tain duty—I speak merely of a collector—and
suppose the collector, in his wisdom or in his
prejudices, whatever might be his motive, should
take it into his head to decide that the statute
imposing upon him the particular duty was not
passed in pursuance of the Constitution of the
United States, was therefore void; and suppose,
further, that he should refuse to execute this
law and to perform the duty imposed by it
upon him, and he should be impeached before
the Senate of the United States for a misde-
meanor in office in refusing to perform his duty.
This amendment, I take it, is intended as a
sort of address or appeal to the members of
the high court of impeachment to receive from
the person thus accused the plea that he held
the statute to be unconstitutional, and, there-
fore, refused to execute it or to perform his
duty. The Senate, sitting as a judge of him,
are to be asked to acquit him of this neglect of
duty upon the ground that the law was void and
inoperative, thus opening the entire field of
judicial decision upon the gravest question that
may possibly arise to every officerinthe United
States to determine for himself, without the
judgment of a court, whether or not he will
perform the duties imposed upon him by law.
That is the object of this amendment, I take it,
and that is its sole object. I speak simply of
a collector of a port as an illustration.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 8, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Fowler, Hend-
ricks. McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury,
and Tipton—S.
NAYS —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkbng,
Corbett, Drake, Ferry, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nyc,
Kamsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart. Thayer, Van
Winkle, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Cole,
Conness. Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Frelinghuysen. Grimes, Henderson, Johnson,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire. Pome-
roy, Ross, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Willey—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to comply with the
request of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon,] who asked me to say that he was paired
with the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumker] on all these votes, being compelled to
leave the Chamber.
Mr. BUCKALEW. In the fifth line of this
rule we have a provision that the oath to a wit-
ness can be only administered by the Secretary
of the Senate. This may be very inconvenient.
He may be absent often, and here is a rule
which would seem to preclude the Senate from
authorizing the oath to be administered by
some other person. I suggest that we had
better add the words "or chief clerk," or make
some other provision by which we can have
oaths administered conveniently in the absence
of the Secretary. I move to add the words '' or
chief clerk" at the end of that clause, or any
other suggestion will be acceptable to me.
Mr. CONKLING. Is " chief clerk the
proper title V
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir. _
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquire hrst
whether the chief elerk has authority by law
to administer an oath?
Mr. BUCKALEW. We can confer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Senate
have power to confer on any one the authority
to administer an oath. That must be done by
law, because if perjury should arise of course
the oath is the material thing, and it must
be shown to have been administered by an offi-
cer authorized by law to administer an oath.
The Secretary has power toadministeran oath.
I think the words ought to be general, and the
authority to administer oaths here ought to be
by anybody authorized by law to administer
oaths.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is the practice in
courts of law to authorize any person present
to administer oaths ; it is done by authority of
the court.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it must be done by
law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. Cases might arise on an
indictment for perjury where the authority to
administer the oath must be shown to have
been conferred by law.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose the Senator
should add after the words "Secretary of the
Senate" the words "or any other person duly
authorized thereto." Is there any objection to
that?
Mr. HOWARD. " Authorized" by whom ?
By the Senate ?
Mr. CONKLING-. No ; by law. Say "any
other person duly authorized to administer
S "
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chief Justice can
administer oaths.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
New York suppose a stranger is to be intro-
duced into the court, a justice of the peace, or
a judge of the Supreme Court?
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. The Chief
Justice is authorized by law to administer
oaths.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose he is ; but I am
notable to concur with the honorable Senator
from New York as to the power of the Seriate
to administer an oath. We are authorized to
try a case and pass a judgment. For this pur-
pose we are a court under the Constitution.
How is a trial to take place without sworn tes-
timony? Is the Senate to wait until Congress
shall see fit to pass an act authorizing some
officer of the Senate to administer an oath ? I
think not; I think the Senate has inherently
the power, as belonging to its judicial function
of trying the case, to provide for the adminis-
tration of an oath as the indispensable instru-
ment of executing their judicial function.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If there is a different
form of amendment proposed I have no objec-
tion. I have no doubt that the Senate, sitting
as a court of impeachment, can authorize any
one to administer an oath.
Mr. HOWARD. Beyond all question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Any one member of
the court can administer an oath, the presid-
ing officer. I do not care in what form the
amendment is put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mob-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear it
reported.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment.
The Secretary read as follows:
At the end of the fifth line of the twenty-fourth
rule insert "or any other person duly authorized
thereto."
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I inquire whether in the
summons the hour for appearance of the re-
spondent ought not to be named. The pre-
vious rules fix the hour at which the court shall
sit. This requires the respondent to appear
on a certain day, but does not name the hour.
I will move after the blank to insert "at the
hour of twelve o'clock and thirty minutes m
the afternoon of said day."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Pom-
eeoy in the chair.] If there be no further
amendment to this rule, the next will be read.
The Secretary read the twenty-fifth rule, as
follows:
XXV. If the Senate shall at any time fail to sit as
such court on the day or hour fixed therefor, the
Senate may, by an order to be adopted without de-
bate, fix a day and hour for sitting as such court.
Mr. CONKLING. In order to conform that
rule to the vote just taken by the Senate, I
move in the first line to strike out the words
" as such court" and to insert in lieu thereof
"for the consideration of articles of impeach-
ment;" and in the last line to strike out the
words " sitting as such court" and to insert
"resuming such consideration;" so that the
rule will read:
If the Senate shall at any time fail to sit for the
consideration of articles of impeachment on the day
or hour fixed therefor the Sena te may, by an order
to be adopted without debate, fix a day and hour for
resuming such consideration.
.It is merely to dispense with the words
"court of impeachment.''
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to know of the
honorable Senator if he means to have the
Senate decide that it is not a court while it is
engaged in trying articles of impeachment?
Is that the object of this motion ? Are we to de-
liberately say that the Senate, with the Chief
Justiceoflhe United Statespresiding, in the case
wheroa person is arraigned to answer to articles
of impeachment, in which witnesses are exam-
ined, in which the Constitution provides that
there may be a conviction or acquittal, and
also that there may be a judgment rendered,
does not constitute a court? If that is the
object of the amendment, then I propose to
vote against it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish the Sen-
ate to decide anything about that question but
just to have it as the Constitution does. That
is all I wish the Senate to do.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. If this is adopted it is
quite obvious that various other amendments
will have to be made in the rules. I cannot,
myself, give up the idea that the Senate, when
sitting for the trial of impeachment, is a court
with all its attributes, with all the powers of a
court to try the issues brought before it, and
to decide them. I am very unwilling, indeed,
to part with that word from our rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted with the Senator
from New York for his former proposition be-
cause I thought it shortened the process ; and
it was not necessary, in summoning a witness
before the Senate of the United States, to
inform the witness that it was sitting as a high
court of impeachment; but it does seem to me
that the rule under consideration ought^ to
be left to stand as it is. That this Senate is a
court when it proceeds to try a case I think it
does not need any very long speech to prove.
We examine witnesses; we convict or acquit;
we try a case; we are sworn ; and if there is
any element of a trial or any idea of a court
that does not enter into our organization, I do
not know what it can be. All this rule pro-
vides is, that if, by any accident, we fail to sit
as a court at the time indicated, that is, fail to
take up this particular class of business at the
time prescribed, we shall do it without debate
at a future stage of the session of the Senate.
I do not., therefore, see that the Senate gains
anything by striking out those words. I think
we are a court whether we call ourselves so
or not. I shall therefore vote against the
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not ask Senators
to hear me repeat the argument which in part
I suggested the other day on this subject. I
wish, however, to make one remark m reply
to the honorable Senator from Ohio. He says
he believes we are a court, and the leason he
assians for it is that we try and we adjudge.
LeUne remind him that the Senate in my own
State, for example, by statute tries and adju-
dicates many questions; and by statutes which,
if he will look at them, he will see forbid the
idea that it sits as a court at all. _ So by statute
the canal board, as it is called in my State—I
