1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of ascertaining from the gentleman who reports
this bill how it happens that so many provis-
ions are reported for Indian agents east of the
Rocky mountains. In line twenty-l'our the bill
provides for eleven for the tribes east of the
liocky mountains; then in lines twenty-four
and twenty-five, two for the tribes east of the
Rocky mountains; in lines twenty-live and
twenty-six, four for the tribes east of the
Rocky mountains ; in line twenty-eight, three
for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains ; in
line thirty-three, one lor the tribes east of the
Rocky mountains. I am at a loss to under-
stand why such language is used in this para-
graph, and why there is no provision for agents
west of the Rocky Mountains. If there is
really any occasion for five different provisions
for agents for tiibes east of tiie Rocky mount-
ains, I should be glad to have the gentleman
from Massachusetts explain it.
Mr. BUTLER. I will state the reason why
this phraseology was adopted by the commit-
tee. These several clauses correspond with
the several provisions of law establishing these
agencies and follow the language of the law.
We have sought to make each particular
appropriation correspond with the specific pro-
vision authorizing it. Therefore we have said,
"eleven for the tribes east of the Rocky mount-
ains." The law establishing that agency will
be found in the ninth volume of the Statutes-
at-Large, page 586. Each of these clauses
corresponds with some special enactment. In
line twenty-five we have inserted the clause,
" for the Indians east of the liocky mountains,
namely, Sioux and Seminoles, the Omaha,
Kickapoo, Kansas, and Neosho agencies."
There we cut down the number, because it was
unfixed in the estimates. When we provide
for the agencies west of the Rocky mountains
it will be found that the several tribes are
named.'
From this explanation the gentleman will, I
think, understand why this very cumbersome
and apparently illogical language is used. It
is that the appropriate salaries may be affixed
to each of these agencies. The salaries for
the different agencies differ in some cases. By
the phraseology adopted we avoid confusion
and difficulty.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not have been
better to refer to the statute under which each
appropriation is made, saying, for instance,
"eleven for tribes east of the Rocky mount-
ains, as per such a section of such a statute?''
Mr. BUTLER. It might have been conven-
ient, except that it would lumber the statute-
book uselessly. If the gentleman will look at the
book of estimates, he will find the exact statute
specified in each case. For instance, the pro-
vision for " eleven for tribes east of the Rocky
mountains " is in pursuance of a section of the
law to be found on page 586, volume nine, of
Statutes-at-Large; the clause providing for
" two for tribes east of the Rocky mountains "
is in accordance with a provision on page 332,
volume ten, Statutes-at-Large. Six for the In-
dians east of the Rocky mountains, (Statutes-
at-Large, vol. 9, p. 586, sec. 4,) and so on, and
so on. By this designation it is precisely as
accurate, though, I agree, not as elegant.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
strike out these words on page 2, lines nine-
teen and twenty:
Four for the tribes in Now Mexico; one for the
tiibes in New Mexico.
Mr. Chairman, it will be seen that the sec-
tion reads as follows:
Indian agents :
One for the tribes in Oregon : four for the tribes in
New Mexico; one additional for Indians in New
Mexico; one for the tribos in New Mexico.
We have "foui for the tribes in New Mex-
ico," and immediately following it "one for
the tribes in New Mexico." If there are five
why draw it out in this lengthened form ; why
not say "five for the' tribes in New Mexico at
once? I Cannot comprehend it. The object,
or at least the effect, is to deceive the House.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I am glad
my friend from Ohio has called the attention
of the House to this. In volume nine Stat-
ntes-at-Large, page 587, section five, four In-
dian agents are provided for the tribes in New
Mexico, passed February 27, 1851. Their
salary was fixed at $1,550. Then, again, the
Statutes-at-Large, volume eleven, page 169,
section one, March 3, 1857, provides "one
additional for Indians in New Mexico," at
$1,500 per annum. If I put in five, which
should have the $1,500 and which the $1,550?
I have put them, therefore, to conform to the
various statutes, so that each set of Indian
agents may get their appropriate salaries. The
one additional for the Indians in New Mexico
is at the rate of $1,500. If gentlemen will
take the "estimates" and follow the bill, they
will then know why we have had to use this
cumbersome language. I agree that it is not
the best language to use. It is not as neat
and as compact as I hope we could use in
drawing a bill, but it is the best we could do
with the materials we have. The laws are so
arranged, and to meet these laws we have to
make the appropriations in this form.
The amendment of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio,
was disagreed to.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts who reported
this bill.as to the salaries of the various Indian
agents.
The CHAIRMAN. Has the gentleman an
amendment to offer?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I will offer it before I"
get through. 1 find in line twenty-three it is pro-
vided that the-pay of the three agents in Utah
shall hereafter be $1,000 per annum. Now, with
the permission of the committee, I desire to sub-
mit a question to the gentleman who reported
this bill. He quoted the language of John
Randolph relative to the scoundrelism of In-
dian agents. His remarks were true for the
simple reason that the Indian agents and other
employ6s on the frontier do not receive suffi-
cient compensation to make them honest. I
ask any gentleman upon the floor of this House
who has ever lived upon the frontier whether
he thinks any Indian agent, or any other agent,
in the discharge of official duty, can live on
$1,500 per annum? I move, therefore, Mr.
Chairman, in line twenty-three to strike out
"one" and insert "three," so it will read
$3,000 per annum ; and also to add that this
provision shall apply to the agents of the
several Indian tribes.
Mr. BUTLER. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation, and is not in order
to this bill.
Mr. PILE. These salaries are fixed by law,
and they cannot be changed in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, overrules
the point of order. The "Digest" says it %
in order to move such an amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WINDOM. In line eighteen I move to
strikeout "one" and insert "three," so it will
provide three Indian agents for the tribes in
Oregon; and I do it for the purpose of stating
the facts with reference to that State. _ There
are in the State of Oregon four agencies and
one sub-agency. I do not see how it is pos-
sible that these Indians scattered over so large
a Territory can be properly attended to by
only one agent. There are a large number of
Indians m Oregon, and to fairly and honestly
make distribution there must be a larger force.
Hitherto there have been three in the State of
Oregon. I do not know why the committee
have decided to srike out three and insert one.
It seems to me utterly impossible that the
duties should be performed by one agent. I
therefore move to insert three.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee in making the appropriation struck out
two for Oregon for this reason; we_found we
were not obliged to have them by existing law,
as we understood the law, and we thought that
if three Indian agents could do the business
for those tribes in Oregon in 1850, eighteen
years ago, before the Territory contained hardly
any white men, two could do the business now.
Therefore we have provided one agent and one
sub-agent, and as amensure of economy $3,000
were all we thought we onghtto recommend.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Are there not so many reserva-
tions in that State, separate and apart, with
Indians on each one of them?
Mr. ^ BUTLER. Since this provision was
made in 1850, I can say speaking from mem-
ory. though this subjec: has been out of my
mind for a short time past, that one third of the
reservations have been broken up in Oregon—
certainly one fourth.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know what have
been broken up. I know there are four reser-
vations there now. These Indians are very
much scattered. I make this amendment as a
matter of economy, because I know money
will be saved by it.
Mr. BUTLEli. We cannot save or lose any
more money, because the agents will spend all
we appropriate anyhow.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. There is an amendment
which should be made in consonance with the
theory upon which the committee have acted.
In looking back, in lines twenty-two and twenty-
three, it will be observed that the words in-
cluded in the parentheses are as follows:
And the pay of the three agents in Utah shall
hereafter be $1,000 each per annum.
Upon looking back at the law referred to
we found the old law allowed $1,000 per an-
num. We found the estimate made for $1,500
per annum, and we could find no law for it;
therefore we cut the salaries down to $1,000.
Since that time I found tacked to the end of
an appropriation bill (Statutes-at-Large, vol.
12, 793) a law which gives these agents §1,500
per annum. That statute was not referred to
in the estimates by the Department, and that
led to the error on the part of the committee.
Therefore I think I shall have to move to
amend by striking out the words within the
parentheses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the section by adding at the end the
following proviso:
Provided. That it shall bethe duty of the President
to dispense with the services of such Indian agents
herein mentioned as may be practicable, and where
it is practicable he fchnit require the same person to
perform the duties of two agencies for'one salary.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a point of order.
This proposes new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will allow me to be heard.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman raises points
of order very freely himself, but I will with-
draw it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the '
gentleman from Minnesota and the gentleman
from Massachusetts and other members of the
committee will see the propriety of this pro-
viso. It must be apparent that if it be practi-
cable to dispense with the services of any of
these Indian agents we ought to do so, and if
it be possible for one person to perform the
duties'of two in the same service it should be
done. I understand the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to say that this bill makes appropri-
ation for more agents than are necessary. We
all understand how the number of these officers
is increased from time to time «liile the Indians
are dwindling away and the necessity for the
same number of agents does not exist now
that did years ago. This amendmentonly_pro-
poses to place in the hands of the President
power to dispense with such agents as he may
deem practicable. I am not able tot specify
particular eases in whielx agents may be dis-
pensed with, but 1 think that this provision will
strike the common sense of the House at one©
as so manifestly Just that there will be no objec-
tion to it, and I hope it will he unanimously
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
