1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&3
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction•—Mr. Koontz.
Ho. of Reps.
doctrine of State rights. For many years the
political leaders of the South had been pro-
mulgating the wicked and dangerous theory
that it was within the power of any one of the
States, at its pleasure, to sever its connection
with the Government of the United States, and
the election of a President by the Republican
party was made the pretext for rebellion ; and
I would here remind gentlemen who are con-
tinually denouncing the Republican party for
what they allege to be its unconstitutional acts,
that in the election of Abraham Lincoln that
party was strictly within the limits of the Con-
stitution, and that the leaders of the rebellion
not only disregarded the plain provisions of
the Constitution in refusing to abide by that
election, bnt engaged in their unholy work be-
fore his Administration had come into power
and without waiting to see whether, so far as
they were concerned, he would not take care
that the laws of the land were faithfully exe-
cuted. It will be remembered that they passed
their ordinances of secession, and by the most
solemn legislative enactment declared that their
States were no longer bound to the General
Government. Not oiily that, but they seized
upon all the public property within the limits
of those States. They seized upon the forts,
arsenals, mints, custom-houses, navy-yards,
and all the property belonging to the United
States Government therein. They went fur-
ther, sir; they elected their representatives
and sent them to Montgomery, Alabama, and
there they united together under another gov-
ernment, formed a constitution for themselves,
and adopted a flag different from the flag of
our fathers. By the most solemn forms of law
they created a separate and independent gov-
ernment, with the avowed intent and purpose
of destroying the Government of the United
States.
And, sir, for four long years they wielded the
power of this great and tremendous organiza-
tion, extending over ten States, a vast empire
in themselves, holding within and under its
control ten million people, and with almost
unlimited resources, for the purpose of destroy-
ing the Government which had been framed by
Washington and his compeers. They were un-
successful, but I need not remind gentlemen
on this floor of the tremendous cost to the loyal
people of the country in precious blood and
treasure to maintain the unity and integrity of
this Government.
Now, sir, during these four years of civil
war where rested the legal power and author-
ity of the United States Government? I an-
swer that they were with the loyal, adhering,
organized States of the Union. Does any gen-
tleman on the other side say that the legisla-
tion for those ten States during that time was
wrong because they were in armed rebellion ?
Will they deny that the legislation necessary to
carry on the Government within the organized
States was illegal, unconstitutional, and void
because those ten States happened to be iu
organized revolt? Was not the legislative,
executive, and judicial power of the Govern-
ment of the United States fully recognized by
the people of the loyal States during that time?
Mr. MUNGEN. Weget appeals to this side
of the House, and I should like to answer.
Mr. KOONTZ. Not now. I answer that
during the time that those States were outside
of the Government, so far as they could place
themselves, the sovereign power of the nation
was represented in the organized States of the
Union. He would be a bold man, indeed, who
would controvert this position; for to deny the
authority of the law-abiding, organized States
to wield the sovereign power of the Govern-
ment during an insurrection or rebellion iu
others, would be equivalent to aii admission
that the bare organization of rebellion in any
section of the country would of itself work a
dissolution of the Government, for those not iu
revolt would be powerless to prevent it. But
not only were the legal power and authority of
the Government of the United States vestedin
the organized States by recognition of the loyal
people but they were recognized by foreign
nations. The United States of America did
not in the eyes of other Powers cease to be a
nation because a portion thereof was in rebel-
lion, but its dignity and sovereign power were
as fully acknowledged by them as before.
Now, sir, if the proposition be true that dur-
ing the rebellion the legal power and authority
of the United States remained in the loyal
States, when did that power cease over the dis-
organized communities? When the war ended,
say the rebels ; when Lee surrendered, say the
Democratic party. This would be equivalent
to saying that there should be no penalty for
treason, for there would be no power to impose
it, as the guilty would have an equal voice
with the guiltless in settling the controversy.
Against this doctrine the loyal people protest,
earnestly protest, and insist that the terms of
settlement shall be fixed by them; that as the
power and jurisdiction of a court over the crim-
inal attach until the sentence is pronounced,
so the power and jurisdiction of the loyal States
attach and remain over the disorganized part
until all the questions springing up and arising
out of the rebellion have been fully and en-
tirely settled.
But, sir, if those States -were not entirely
overthrown, gentlemen will admit with the
President of the United States, as they now
seem to have come to his position, that they
required at least some legislative or executive
action in their behalf, because they were so far
disorganized as to require it, to set them on
foot again. The President recognized this
when he declared that they were without civil
governments, and undertook to assume the
power of legislation on this question. He
recognized the fact that their civil governments
had been overthrown when he established pro-
visional governments for them. We only dif-
fered with him so far in asserting that the
question of reconstructing these States was
with the Congress of the United States and not
in the hands of the Executive.
Then, sir, to establish the point I am mak-
ing, namely, that these are not valid civil gov-
ernments, I deny that they are such, because
they are the creatures of executive power and
not of legislative authority. It was a question
that belonged exclusively to Congress and not
to any other coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment.
But I object to these governments further
because they have had the breath oflife breathed
into them for the purpose of reviving the fell
spirit of treason that for four long years spread
disaster and sorrow throughout the land.
Now, sir, I think I have clearly shown that
the power of this Government belongs to the
loyal States of the Union, those that remained
true to it during the civil war. Then the only
question remaining is, is there a public neces-
sity for this bill?
I urge, in the first place, that there is a neces-
sity for the passage of this bill to protect the
loyal men of those States. Docs any man
doubt, from all the evidence we have had dur-
ing the last two years, that if the military power
is withdrawn from these States the loyal men,
black and white, will be entirely under the con-
trol of the rebels, who will have an ascendancy
as complete and effectual as when Lee held
undisputed power over the whole region?
It is needed, further, to prevent the obsta-
cles that have been thrown iu the way of recon-
struction. We have had obstacles not only on
account of the construction of the law, as was
stated by my colleague, but in adverse execu-
tive action; and in order that there may be a
harmonious policy, and that all obstacles may
be removed in the way of the policy of Con-
gress, it is necessary that this question should
be under the control of the General of the
Army and not of so many different military
commanders. We would thus be relieved of
the difficulty that exists under the present law,
of having one policy for Louisiana and another
for Virginia.
But it is needed, further, because the rebels
and their sympathizing friends in the North
refused to accept the generons terms that were
offered by the Thirty-Ninth Congress. That
Congress offered a plan of settlement of these
difficulties so fair and generous that no honest
mind could controvert, it; and yet these peo-
ple, aided and encouraged by the President of
the United States and by the Democratic party
of the North, refused to accept the generous
terms proffered in the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. There-
fore it becomes necessary that Congress should
exercise its authority and demand that other
terms shall be acceded to by them since they
hav« refused to accept so generous an offer.
Indeed, the terms of settlement contained in
these several reconstruction bills are more
generousthan were ever offered to avanquished
foe before. A magnanimous people demand
neither the lives or property of their late ene-
mies ; but they do insist that they shall only
be restored to political power in the Union
upon the conditions prescribed by the loyal
people of the country.
These, sir, are in brief my reasons for ad-
vocating this bill, and I propose now to advert
to a few arguments—I can hardly say a few,
because it seems to me there is but a single
argument advanced on the other side against
this bill. The whole cry is that this bill is
unconstitutional. Sir, all the reconstruction
bills that have been passed by this and the
preceding Congress have been denounced by
gentlemen on the other side as unconstitu-
tional. This is the old cry repeated. We
heard it at the beginning of the war. We were
then told it was unconstitutional to coerce a
State ; that it was unconstitutional to call out
armies and defend the capital of the nation;
that it was unconstitutional to draft men into
the armies of the United States; that it was
unconstitutional to issue money to pay the sol-
diers who were drafted ; that it was unconsti-
tutional and wrong to arm the negro. In short,
every measure that was ever advocated by the
Kepublican party in these Halls for the sup-
pression of this infamous rebellion has been
denounced by the Democratic party as uncon-
stitutional. They seem to assume, or rather
they do assume, that they are the especial
guardians and protectors of the Constitution. I
desire, in the brief moments that are left me,
to point to some of their own acts in regard to
the Constitution.
It will be remembered, in 1860, when the con-
science of the people had become aroused by
the aggressive spirit of slavery, and had brought
into lite and being a party that planted itself
upon the ground of opposition to the extension
of that institution, that John .1. Crittenden, a
Senator from Kentucky, offered in the other
branch of Congress a series of resolutions to
perpetuate the curse of human bondage. He
proposed to place in the Constitution of the
United States that word which James Madison
refused to permit to go in. He was willing not
only to insert the word " slave" in the Consti-
tution but to dedicate the whole of that vast
empire south of 3G° 30' to the curse of slavery.
That was Democratic doctrine then. The Con-
stitution might, by their consent, be changed,
provided it would be to the interest of the slave
power.
We go a step further. After the Montgomery
constitution had been adopted there was a por-
tion of the Democratic party that was wiiling
to run the line north of Pennsylvania and to
exclude New England from the Union. They
proposed to take in Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
New York. uud a-: many western States as chose
to come in, and adopt the Montgomery con-
stitution for the purpose, as they said, ot leav-
ing New England out in the ep'd.
Sis, let me say that New England will not
