210
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine,
Bromwell, 13roomall, Auckland, liutler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn^
Cook, Covode, CiiUom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Drisrgs, Eprffleston, Ela, Eliot," Farnswortn,
Ferriss. Fields, Griswold, llalsey, Harding, Haw-
kins, llisrby, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jenekes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Ketcham, Ivoontz, Lailin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughriusre,
Lynch, Mallory. Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, Jlc-
Clurg, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Pike, Pile. Plants, Poland Pols ey.
Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, oelye.
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron t.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, C'adwalwler C. Washburn, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, \Velkcr, Thomas Williams, ^ llliam Wit-
liams, James F. Wilson, John 1- Wilson, Stephen 1'.
Wilson, and Windom—113. ,,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bmgham, Blair, Boutwell,
Cake, Chanler, Cornell, Eckley, Ferry, Finney iox,
Garfield, Gravely, Haisht, Hamilton, Hill, Holman,
Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulbnrd, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Kelsey, Kitchen, Lincoln, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough, Miller, Morgan, Morrissey, Pomeroy,
Raum, Shellabarger, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe,
Taylor, Twichell, Upson,Van Auken. Van Wyck. and
W oodbridge—42.
So the preamble and resolutions were not
laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Upson, was absent on account of
illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
previous question be not seconded will it not
be in order to move to refer the preamble and
resolutions to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 43.
Mr. NIBLACK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Niblack and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the preamble and reso-
lutions.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 32, not vot-
ing, 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R, Ashley, James M.Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Beaman,Benjamin,Benton, Blaine, Brorn-
well, Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Cary, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferris,
Fields, Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz, Lailin,
George V. Lawrence, WilKam Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Price. Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather. Aaron
F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D,
Washburn, William B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Eldridge, Getz,
• Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Hotchkiss, Richard
D. Hubbard. Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn,Robinson, Ross,
SitgreaVes, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs? Banks, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Cake, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Eckley,
Ferry, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Gravely, Haight, Ham-
ilton, Hill, Holman, Humphrey, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Lincoln, Marshall, McCullough, Miller, Morgan.
Morrissey, Paine, Pike, Pomeroy, Randall, Raum,
Belye, Shellabarger, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe,
Twujhel^Upson, Van Wyck, Windom, and Wood-
So thfcpreamble and resolutions were adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Ferry, had been called home by the dan-
gerous illness ofliis father.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble and resolutions
were adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANK SECURITIES.
Mr. PILE. I submit the following resolu-
tion : 1
Besohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the House whether since the 1st
dayof Julylastpast anynationalbankshavechanged
their securities held in the Treasury to secure their
circulation and Government deposits; and, if so, what
banks have so changed their securities, what changes
have been made, the date, amount, and kinds of such
changes specifically; and that he be required to make
no further changes in the funded securities of the
United States by payment or otherwise except of
interest until further order or legislation of Congress
thereon.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, it requires unanimous con-
sent for its consideration on this day.
| Mr. BLAINE. I object.
Mr. PILE. Is unanimous consent necessary
for the consideration of a resolution calling for
executive information?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will ex-
amine the Digest he will see that that is specif-
ically the rule. All resolutions calling for exec-
utive information must lie over one day if any
one objects.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1868 ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be made the special order for to-
day at two o'clock, and from day to day until
disposed of. I will say that the bill contains
but few of the items estimated, and its passage
is necessary in order that employes of the Gov-
ernment may be paid.
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
can make an appropriation bill a special order
! for any time.
Mr. BROOKS. Can the bill be printed by
; two o'clock, so that we can see it?
1 The SPEAKER. It cannot.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say
that there are very few items in the bill. I
think that the gentleman will not consider it
! necessary to have it printed after he hears it
read.
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose we have it read
now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I would like to have it read.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] that as the House has heard the bill read,
and it is very brief, he should ask for its con-
sideration in the House at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do that unless there
is some objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to that mode of
disposing of an appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely
suggested to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that the House would probably consent to the
consideration of the bill in ^the House now as
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Under
the same rules as in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
_ Mr. BROOKS. I object to that mode of
disposing of an appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
insist on my original motion, and will wait till
two o'clock.
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE APPROPRIATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
asking a deficiency appropriation of $20,000
for the north portico of the Patent Office build-
ing; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask that leave of absence
be granted to my colleague, Mr. Ferry, who
has been called home in consequence of the
serious illness of his aged father.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
Mr. WARD. I ask leave of absence for my
colleague, Mr. Humphrey.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague, Mr. Morrissey, on account of
his own sickness and the sickness of his family.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
TWENTY PER CENT. ALLOWANCE TO CLERKS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
communications from the Secretary of State,
the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, in reply to the resolution of the House
of the 11th instant, relative to the amount of
twenty per cent, allowance to clerks in the
several Departments, &c., for the last fiscal
year ; which were severally referred to the
joint Committee on Retrenchment, and or-
dered to be printed.
OIL INSPECTION IN PENNSYLVANIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Hrose
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 11th instant, transmitting a
copy of the report of John Miller, special rev-
enue agent, relative to the inspection of oil in
the twenty-second district of Pennsylvania;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
REVENUE COLLECTED IN ILLINOIS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 12th instant,
a copy of a report from the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue relative to the amount of
revenue collected in the State of Illinois for
the six months ending November 30, 1867,
&c. ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of
July 2, 1836, estimates of the amounts required
for his Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1809; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
LAWS OF COLORADO.
The SPEAKER also laid before tha Houso
a copy of the laws of the Territory of Colorado :
which was referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
ELECTION CONTEST Jl'KEE VS. YOONO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional evidence in the contested-election
case of McKee vs. Young; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DAWES. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution for action at this time, to which
I presume there will be no objection. It is a
joint resolution changing the time of holding
