8642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July-1,
but the fee-simple of the territory was in Maine
and Massachusetts. Maine and Massachusetts
now come forward and simply claim I hat the
United Suites Government, which took from
those two States their territory and gave it to
these private parties, shall pay them for the
land thus taken from them ; and the Congress
of the United States has already adjudicated
upon this question. There have .been, I will
say, seven favorable reports made to the House
of .Representatives and the Senate on this sub-
ject. One I remember was made by the present
President of the Senate; one by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner ;] one by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittlk.]
Mr. SUMNER, I would remind my friend
that the report of the Senator from Wisconsin
was a very elaborate document, going into the
whole subject.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There was also one from Mr. Clark, my pre-
decessor. All these reports were favorable. I
had this matter under consideration in the
House of Representatives, investigated it thor-
oughly, and am entirely convinced that it is an
honest claim and should be allowed.
Mr. FKELINGHUYSEN. I wish to ask
the Senator whether it was not provided by
that treaty that Massachusetts and Maine should
receive ?300,000? What was that for?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will say to the Senator from New Jersey that
the fourth article of the treaty was not in the
first draft of the treaty. It was put. in at the
suggestion of the commissioners of Massachu-
setts and Maine : but the 8300,000 clause was
in the fifth article of the treaty before the
fourth article of the treaty was inserted, and
it was simply to pay Massachusetts and Maine
for three million acres of land which they lost
by the treaty, and which went to New Bruns-
wick. I will say, furthermore, that the United
States did not lose that amount of $300,000,
for New Hampshire, Vermont, and New York,
all three, received large additions to their ter-
ritory by this treaty. The United States also
received over four million acres of mineral
territory between Lake Superior and the Lake
of the Woods—between Region river on the
north and Pond du Lac and St. Louis river on
the south—a tract of land vastly more valuable
than all that Maine lost; so that the United
States was a gainer, though it paid Maine and
Massachusetts $300,000 for assenting to the
treaty.
I will say, also, that in 1843, the year after
this treaty was ratilied, Maine and Massachu-
setts appointed commissioners to make a sur-
vey of the lands possessed by these parties who
had come in from New Brunswick, and they
came to the United States Treasury and asked
that those commissioners should be paid for
their services, and they were so paid out of the
Treasury of the United States, and thereby
the United States Government acknowledged
the right of Maine and Massachusetts to this
indemnity.
Furthermore, there were two grants of
townships, the grant of Eaton and the grant
of Plymouth. The parties who held those
grants came to Congress and asked that Con-
gress should pay them for the land which indi-
viduals had taken under the fourth article of
the treaty of Washington, and Congress allowed
over forty thousand dollars to the holders of
those grants of Eaton and Plymouth.
Agam, on the 2d of February, 1802, the
agents of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
conveyed to the trustees of Williams College a
township of land lying on the conventional line
established by the treaty of Washington as the
boundary between Maine and New Brunswick.
]n 1832 the agent of the trustees of the college
conveyed the land to one Little. On the 12th
of August, 1841, George Watson obtained a
grant of a portion of this land from the prov-
ince of New Brunswick, and was in possession
of the premises at the time the treaty was rat-
ified. Little brought a suit in the supreme
court of Maine for the recovery of his land.
The court decided that as a treaty was the
supreme law it overrode a title derived from
the State, and that the tenant could hold his
land under the fourth article of said treaty.
The court closes its decision in these words:
•'The demandant must seek compensation for
the loss of his lauds from the justice of his
country."
And Mr. Little came here and was paid for '
that land.. Now, it seems to me a perfectly
clear case; it seems to me that Congress has
foreclosed this ease; that it has already adju-
dicated this claim.
Mr. WILLIAMS. [ ask for information;
what did Maine and Massachusetts do?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
They lost the laud which was taken from them
by parties who came over from New Brunswick
under a grant from the government of New
Brunswick, or came over and squatted without
any grant whatever upon lands that belonged
to Maine and Massachusetts during the time
this question was in controversy.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And by treaty that land
was ceded.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
By force of the treaty it went to the parties
who were upon the land.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can explain the
whole matter just as it stands in a very few
words. This was a disputed line. We were
in constant collision on the border there with
Great Britain as to where the true line was. The
fact, as to where the line was was finally pretty
well understood between the parties. Great
Britain, however, desired to get a portion of
the territory, and her great object was to have
facilities for making a railroad between her
provinces. She sent over a minister plenipo-
tentiary to settle the question. The contract-
ing powers agreed finally, or tried to agree,
that a particular line should be adopted, which
was confessedly within the limits of the State
of Maine. That was done. A treaty was
made with Great Britain called the treaty of
Washington. The result of that treaty was to
out off about three million acres belonging
to the State of Maine. It also embraced the
running of a new line, or lather an agreement
that the line claimed by New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, and New York, as their northern bound-
ary, which had always been disputed by Great
Britain, should be conceded to be the true
line. By that means the Government got an
important military position in New York.
Rouse's Point, which was unquestionably on
British territory ; and a little strip of territory,
which was also in dispute, was added to New
Hampshire and Vermont. On the other hand
Great Britain got from Maine about three mil-
lion acres. For that we received $300,000,
specified I think in the fifth article.
Mr. CONNESS. That is as much as the
Indians get for their lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not trouble
ourselves about the price, that was settled;
but another article was that by which it was
agreed between the high contracting parties,
Great Britain and the United States, that the
settlers on the public lands in the State of
Maine should be quieted in their titles. Lands
bad been settled by parties from New Bruns-
wick. The result was to take a very consider-
able number of acres in addition—I suppose
it is correctly specified in the amendment—■
out of the lands belonging to the State of
Maine; and they were very fine lands, too,
up there in that section of country, perhaps
some of the richest lands in Maine, and trans-
fer them to these settlers, who had no title
whatever under anybody. They were taken
by the agreement between the parties, and our
supreme court held that that being a treaty
was properly binding upon us. As that was
taken from Maine by the Government of the
United States, the claim is that it shall be paid
for at the rale of $1 25 an acre, which is the
rate paid for public lands. Lands have been
sold in that region within a very short period
for from two to eight dollars an acre, never
less than two dollars. Upon this claim of the
State of Maine there have been seven distinct
reports by committees of Congress, four in the
Senate and three in the House of jftepreaenta-
tives, all favorable, all saying that it was prop-
erty taken from Maine for the benefit of the
Government of the United States, which the
United States should pay for. That is the
simple ease.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise an objection to
this amendment, on the ground that it provides
for a private claim within the meaning of the
thirtieth rule. It is the same point that has
been made before, and on which, according to
my recollection, this claim has been previously
excluded. The latter clause of the thirtieth
rule says:
"No amendment shall be received whose object is
to provide for a private claim unless it be to carry
out the movi&ions of an existing law or treaty stip-
ulation. "
There are two answers that have been here-
tofore made to this point: first, that a claim
by a State is not a private claim; but that has
never been held. It has - been held in many
cases that a claim by a State as well as by an
individual, is a private claim. A private
claim is where money is claimed to be duo to
an individual or a State or a corporation, for
past services or for past debts. The second
answer has been that it is to carry out a treaty
stipulation ; but it cannot be saved under that
clause, because the fourth article of the treaty
referred to expressly, on its face, shows that
there was no stipulation for the payment of
the money. The Chair will have to look at
the treaty in order to determine the question.
There was no stipulation in the treaty to pay
any sum of money for these lands, or anything
of the kind.
The general question arising on the Ashbur-
ton treaty I suppose is known. Wc made a
new boundary line, settled a long dispute ia
which it is claimed that the Government of the
United States surrendered up a large amount
of land to New Bruuswiek, but we got com-
pensation in other parts of the country. At
any rate it was a settlement by the nation of a
disputed boundary line, Great Britain claiming
for New Brunswick considerably more than we
surrendered, according to my recollection ;
but I cannot speak positively on that point.
The question now is whether this is a claim
provided for by a treaty. I say it is not, and
therefore it does not come within the rule.
The fourth article of the treaty referred to
reads:
"Ail grants of land made by either party, within
the limits of the territory which by this treaty falls
within the dominions of the other party, shall be
held valid, ratified, and confirmed, to the persons in
possession under such grants, to the same extent as
if such territory had by this treaty fallen within the
dominions of the party by whom such grants were
made."
It seems the State of Maine had granted
land beyond the prescribed boundary to its cit-
izens in New Brunswick, and those grants in
New Brunswick were confirmed by Great Brit-
ain, while Great Britain had granted lands
within the conceded boundary which Maine
also confirmed. The two parties confirmed the
grants made by each other; and the article
further provided:
"And ail equitable possessory claims, arising from
a possession and iwpiovement ot auy lot or parcel
of iatid by the person actually m possession, or by
thosennder v.'horn sucli person claims, for more than
six years betore the dateof this treaty, shall, in like
manner, be deemed valid, and be continued and
quieted by a release to the person entitled thereto,
of the title to such lot or parcel ofland sodescribed,
as best to include the improvements made thereon :
and in all olher xespeets the two contracting parties
agree to deal upon the most liberal principles of
equity with the seiileis actually dwelling upon tho
territory falling to them, respectively, which has
lieretotorc been in dispute between them."
It is manifest that upon this language no
claim could be made by any one. If grants
had been made in the State of Maine by Great
Britain, and the settlers had actually taken
possession of the lands granted and occupied
them for six years, the grants were approved,
ratified, and confirmed, and the Government
of the United States guarantied to treat those
settlers under British grants in good faith as
it would citizens of the State of Maine ; ami
