1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3643
so vice versa grants had been made by the State
of Maine in New Brunswick, citizens of Maine
had settled in New Brunswick, and Great
Britain guarantied and recognized and made
valid their possessory rights if they had been
in possession six years; but no claim, either
by the State of Maine or by the State of Mas-
sachusetts, or by any individual, could be
ruade against the Government of the United
States under this article. Consequently this
claim of $146,000 does not arise out of the
execution of a treaty. There is no treaty
stipulation in this article that the United States
shall pay either to Great Britain or to the
State of Maine, or to the settlers upon these
lands, or to anybody else, any sura of money,
or make any compensation to them directly or
indirectly. I am not sufficiently acquainted
with the equity of this claim to know much
about it, but I know very well that it is a claim
which has been here many years. I have a
distinct recollection of it myself since 1860. I
think it ought to be sent to the Court of Claims,
or to the Committee on Claims, and if they
shall report in favor of it I shall not have the
slightest objection to providing for it in the
regular way ; but it seems to me it is not right
to put a disputed private claim on an appro-
priation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
question of a good deal of importance, and
the Chair will submit the decision of it to the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The point taken is
rather a narrow one ; and a similar amend-
ment has been decided several times by the
Chair to be in order. Jt was repeatedly so
decided in regard to the claim that was made
by individuals under the same clause of the
tieaty. There is no specific provision in the
treaty itself that these lands shall be paid for
by the Government; but the language of the
rule is general, "to carry out a treaty stipula-
tion." The treaty stipulation provides for
taking lands by the Government of the United
States belonging to the State of Maine, and
conveying them to somebody else without the
assent of the State of Maine, and valuable
lands. That is done by treaty. The United
States take them and convey them to others.
Now, is it to be understood that when that was
the treaty stipulation, the Government meant
to take lands to which they had no title them-
selves from the owners and transfer those lands
to somebody else without paying for them? be-
cause that is the idea of the Senator. Because
it is not specifically said in this article of the
treaty that these lands shall be paid for by the
United States, he argues that it is to be pre-
sumed that they were not to be paid for, but
were to be taken by the United States without
the assent of the owners and transferred to
somebody else.
As I stated, it has been repeatedly ruled by
the Chair that this did specifically come within
the provision of the rule, the ianguage "to
carry out a treaty stipulationand it has been
also so ruled by the Senate within my recol-
lection. Once it was ruled the other way, and
I think properly rul-ed the other way on the
reason given for it; and that was that it was
brought up after twelve o'clock at night and
offered on an appropriation bill on the last
night of the session, when no explanation what-
ever could be given of it and there was no time
for debate. That was the point made, and on
that occasion the Senate refused to hear it on
the point of order made. Congress never has
decided this claim, but it has decided the prin-
ciple in two other specific cases. In the case
of Mr. Little, where I presented the petition
myself, and in the case of the owners of the
Katon and Plymouth grants, so called, Con-
gress gave indemnity to individuals for land
taken precisely in the same way. Then comes
the question whether they will make the same
indemnity to the State, being the owners of
the land, that they made to the individual;
and it stands precisely upon the same principle.
There is not the slightest difference in the
world.
Now, we bring ourselves within the first
branch -of the rule; we have the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Foreign Relations
which has settled this question, I believe, three
times, and to which it was referred at this
very session. It has always gone to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in the Senate and
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the
House of Representatives. It was deemed
proper to go to that committee because it was
under the provisions of a treaty, and all the
reports have been made from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in the House and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate.
Now, shall it be said that this is not to carry
out the provisions of a treaty simply because
the treaty does not say in so many words that
this land shall be paid for, and merely says
that it shall be taken and appropriated ? That
is hanging on a very slender thread and mak-
ing a point so nice that nobody, it seems to me,
except my very astute friend from Ohio could
possibly see it. I am perfectly willing to leave
the question to the Senate, and I hope they will
not get rid of the equity of the claim by ruling
it out on a point of order. If they say we are
not to be paid for the land thus taken it is
another question.
Mr. S UMNER. The Senator from Ohio, as
I understood his argument, did not make any
serious objection to the equity of this case. I
understood him to found his objection, so far
as he ventured upon any, upon a technicality,
upon a mere point of form. He says that the
proposition as now movedis notin order. Very
well; the Senator from Maine who has just
taken his seat has answered him completely on
one point. He has shown that this is a case
arising under a treaty. Who can doubt it?
You cannot adopt the contrary conclusion with-
out going into a technicality which it seems to
me is entirely out of place on this occasion.
Clearly this case does arise under a treaty. But
for the treaty it never would arise ; but for the
treaty it could not have occurred ; but for the
treaty it could not find a place before Con-
gress. It therefore is ultra technical to say that
it does not arise under the provisions of a treaty
simply because the terms of that treaty have not
in so many words specifically anticipated this
precise case. I say that it does arise under
the provision of a treaty.
But then there is another objection of the
Senator from Ohio which 1 wish to meet. The
Senator from Oiiio treats this as a private
claim. 1 object to that point. It is the claim
of a State, and I insist that the claim of a State
cannot be treated as a private claim, Why,
sir, according to the most- familiar usage of
this body resolutions from the Legislature of a
State are treated very differently from those of a
public body or from the petition of individuals,
however important or eminent the individuals
may be. A State in this Chamber has a dis-
tinctive character ; a State is part of the Gov-
ernment of this Republic; and the claim of a
State cannot be excluded from an appropria-
tion bill on any mere technicality as a private
claim. It is not a private claim; it is the
claim of a State, to be recognized as such,
'having a distinctive character, and entitled
always to respect in this Chamber. I object,
therefore, to the point of the Senator from
Ohio. I say that this, in the first place, is not
a private claim ; and in the next place, assum-
ing that it is a private claim, I say that it
comes under the provisions of a treaty; and
here I stop. I will not go into the equity.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The Senator from Ohio says that the British
Government quieted the titles of those who had
gone over from Maine and settled in the ter-
ritory of New Brunswick, and that the United
States agreed to quiet the claims of those who
had come over from New Brunswick and settled
upon the territory of Maine. That is not quite
correct. It will be remembered by Senators
that the boundary between Maine and New
Brunswick and Canada was the old boundary
of Quebec settled in 17G3. After the revolu-
tionary war we simply affirmed in 1783 the
boundary of Quebec. Inhere was no dispute
as to the boundary until after the war of 1812,
when England found it necessary to push her
troops up from Halifax to Quebec. English
statesmen saw then the advantage of a military
road over this line, which belonged to the State
of Maine, and when our commissioners were
negotiating the treaty of Ghent the British Gov-
ernment made an application to those commis-
sioners for the purchase of this territory; that
is, for "such a variation of the line of frontier
as may secure a direct communication between
Quebec and Halifax." The commissioners
replied "that they have no authority to cede
any part of the State of Massachusetts even for
what the British Government might consider a
fair equivalent."
So the matter went on. In all the negoti-
ations it was assumed by the officers of the
United States Government, as well as by the dip-
lomats of Great Britain, that neither party had
the right to consummate a treaty without the
assent of Massachusetts and Maine ; and Mr.
Webster was the first man who ever intimated
that the United Stales Government by the
treaty-makingpower could cede away any por-
tion of the territory of a State without the
assent of that State ; and even he thought it so
doubtful a case that he asked to have com-
missioners appointed by Massachusetts and
Maine in order to secure their assent to the
treaty; and it was only after those commission-
ers had given their assent to the treaty that the
treaty was consummated.
There were seven million acres of land at
issue between Great Britain and the United
States. The State of Maine lost, three million
acres, which were given over to New Bruns-
wick, which she did not possess before, so that
if people from Maine had gone over and set-
tled ou that territory New Brunswick did not
lose anything, but she gained three million
acrcs of land, and settlers, too. On the other
hand, the State of Maine lost the land which
these squatters from NewBrunswick had taken
away from the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts without one cent of remuneration. So
the eases are not parallel at all.
Furthermore, the commissioners from Mas-
sachusetts and Maine, who were the leading
men of that day in those two Stales, never
would give their assent to the treaty until this
fourth article had been put into the treaty ;
and I can give you their opinion as to whether
Massachusetts and Maine should beindemnified
for this lost land. First, I will give you the
opinion of Governor Kent, one of the leading
men of Maine. He says :
" In reference to the stipulation in the fifth article
for the payment to Maine and Massachusetts of the
sum of $300,000.1 say, as one of the commissioners of
Maine, that I considered that sum as paid lor the
surrender on thepart of the two States of their claim
to the land which, by the treaty, fell within the
British dominion; and I never regarded it or thought
of it as being a compensation for the land, the title
to which was to be confirmed or granted under the
fourth article." * ' #
" I feel impelled to say that I thought at the time,
and still think, that Maine is entitled to great con-
sideration on the part of the Union and her sister
States for her readiness to sacrifice so much of what
she rightly deemed her own tor thesake of settling a
long-vexed ciuestion. It is difficult for any one w ho
was not familiar with the controversy, and with the
seusitiveand outraged feelings of licr citizens, and
the deep convictions of their rights, to appi cdute the
extent of those sacrifices of feelings and property, bat.
having determined to yield that assent, &lie has faith-
fully and promptly performed her part ot the con-
tract, aud assisted the United States to tulfiUusobli-
gatious.
''Itwillbe obseived that the fourth article does not
provide that these grants and confirmations shall be
made by the States of Maine and Massachusetts, but
simply that the United States shall causctheai to be
confirmed, &e. Now, it was well known that all the
land would belong to Maine under the general law
of eminent domain, or to Maine and Massachusetts
under their special compact. If it had been under-
stood that these States were to make the grants at
their own expense, and without anyclaimforreraun-
evation, it would have been so expressed; and the
assent which was given by the commissioners of tha
two States would have bound them to such a distinct
provision, , .
" Again, the States named could at any time grant
or confirm titles to this land without consulting the
United States. Why, then, was such a provision in-
serted in the treaty, so tar as the States wero con-
cerned, if no obligation was assumed by the Umlect
States? They could have made the saenhee ot all
