1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object if the gentleman will permit me to offer
an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement, and then I think there will
be no objection to the joint resolution.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman allow me to move my amendment
now?
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to cut off my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] and I
will not object to any amendment he desires to
attach to this resolution which is proper and
reasonable. But my resolution simply asks
in behalf of the stockholders of this road that
they may change the time for holding their an-
nual meeting from October, the time now fixed
by law, to March; and also that they may desig-
nate at one meeting the place where they may
hold their next annual meeting, provided it is
held at one of the five er six places enumerated
in the act where the books are opened for sub-
scription, that is, St. Louis, Chicago, Cincin-
nati, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Bos-
ton, and Washington. That is all there is in
the resolution. It seems to me it is a very
reasonable thing to ask on behalf of the stock-
holders, and I hope there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to add to the resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That hereafter the said railroad com-
pany shall not be allowed to charge and reoeire for
freight or-passage oyer the said road more than doable
the amount which shall be charged on the principal
lines of railroad between the Mississippi river and
the Atlantic coast.
I presume the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will not object to that.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to have at-
tached so important a provision as that upon
this simple resolution in reference to the choos-
ing of the officers of this road. I do not know
but his proposition is perfectly right; I do not
know anything about it; I have not investi-
gated that point. I do not stand here to aid
the Pacific Railroad Company in getting one
dollar unreasonable fare or freight; but I do
not think such a proposition as that shonld be
attached to this resolution.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to say a word
or two on this subject, being a member of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] desfres
to have this subject referred to the committee
for the purpose of having the whole subject
there considered I will have no objection; but
if that is not done I shall continue to press this
matter upon Congress while I have a seat here,
until Congress shall adopt the provision I have
read, and I think I can convince the House that
there is no more just provision than the one I
have proposed; and I am surprised that my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] should
stand here and oppose it.
I would ask my friend whether he'knows
that this company, whose road the Govern-
ment is bnilding by its enormous subsidies of
$95,000,000 and some forty million acres of
land, the company getting the road without the
expenditure of a single dollar of its own money,
is charging ten cents a mile for every passen-
ger, and . on freight one cent per hundred miles
on every hundred pounds—more enormous
charges than have ever befen known in any
country. I think, it is,the duty of the Repre:
sentatives of the people, nnless they intend to
become a party to this monopoly, to step in at
the earliest moment and put a stop to this
system of exorbitant charges.
Sir, we have been told that this isa retrench-
ment Congress ; that we have been sent here
to protect the people from extraordinary and
profligate expenditures of the Government;
that we are to prevent all these land grants and
these enormous expenditures. What have we
seen? When we had before us the other day
a bill brought in by my friend from Michigan
tMr. Driggs] from the Committee On Public
lands, granting additional lands, this econom-
ical House, elected to reduce expenditures, and
among other things to stop these land grants,
would not hear a word of explanation ; no
member could obtain the floor to ask what the
bill meant; no man was permitted to know
what cat was concealed under that meal tub.
After the horse had been taken from the stable,
and the door locked, I had the curiosity to
send to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to see what this economical House had
done; and, sir, I have here the official letter
of the Commissioner, in which he says that
by this bill we voted away "at one fell swoop"
nearly six hundred thousand acres of the pub-
lic lands—five hundred and seventy-four thou-
sand acres, to be very precise.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman will allow
me to make a correction. I understood the
gentleman to say that in the bill presented by
me the other day we made an enormous land
grant. Now, I deny that one foot of land was
granted in the bill that was passed here the
other day. It was simply an extension of a
grant already made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Driggs,]
when I wanted to call the attention of the
House to the bill, demanded that we should
vote, and would not yield to me.
Mr. DRIGGS. Not a foot of land was voted
by the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
information here from the Land Office contra-
dicting the gentleman from Michigan. It was
an appropriation of land that we made; and I
would like the House to know how much land
has been voted to that great corporation, die
Northwestern Railroad Company. They had
an appropriation of land, which was to expire
in ten years from the time the grant was made.
That time ranftut; and-the company came here
making a long face, saying-that if-we would
grant them two years more to complete their
road they would do it. Two years' additional
time was allowed them, and still they did not
finish the road ; and if we had not passed that
bill the other day this land would in a few
months have gone back into the general mass
of the public lands of the country. The effect,
therefore, of that bill is, as I have stated, to
vote away affirmatively five hundred and sev-
enty-four thousand acres of the public lands.
Now, sir, I do not complain of the action
of gentlemen here; but I- tell them that there
has been a loud complaint from all parts of
"the country of • the manner in which these
things have been done. I will not claim that
I am not equally responsible with other mem-
bers. Measures are brought here from a com-
mittee. They are reported by some member
who holds the floor and will permit no expla-
nation except at his pleasure, the previous
question is demanded, and thus bills are thrust
through when a majority of members have no
proper knowledge of their effect. I would
like to know how many of those members
who upon the call of the yeas and nays voted
the other day for the bill of the gentleman
from Michigan had any idea that they were
voting away nearly six hundred million acres
of publiclaads. ~
A Member. "Thousands," not "millions."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir*
I meant, to say nearly six hundred thousand
acres;, but I, may well speak of ''millions"
when talking of these land grants, for if gen-
tlemen will examine the report of the Com-
missioner.af the General Land Office or of the
Secretary of the Interior they will find that
these public lands which we have voted awajr
amount to hundreds and hundreds of millions
of acres.
Sir, I did not intend to make a speech here
on this subject, but I did intend to discuss
duringthis Congress, at the first opportunity I
could get, and id call theattention ofthg House
to the extraordinary conduct, of this Pacific
rai]road; au<Tto ask them to go with me to put
some limit on it so it shall not crash, every
interest of the country still further, as it will if
it goes on in this way, with these enormous and
unconscionable and unheard-of rates for freight
and passage. While the Government builds
the road, furnishes the money, and grants the
land, yet, sir, we have to pay for every soldier
who travels over that road at the rate of ten
cents a mile, and for freight at the rate I have
already slated. I think, therefore, it is time
we should determine that the people have some
interest in this matter. I have taken the ball
on its first bound.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state,
in reply to what the gentleman from Illinois
has said, by way of justification of my asking
the House to pass this resolution, that he
knows me well enough to know if I ever fail
to cooperate with him in any opposition he
makes to any appropriation of land or money
it is because he not only opposes such meas-
ures in season but sometimes he opposes them
out of season. It is only then, sir, that I fail
to cooperate with him. I know very well
the gentleman's position on land grants, and
almost always go with him; but why does he
bring that in here in connection with this sim-
ple proposition to allow these stockholders to
change the place of annual meeting ? It is a
privilege accorded to every corporation.
Mr. HARDING. Where do they meet now?
Mr. DAWES. I will tell the gentleman all
about that. They are required to meet in the
city of New York, and nowhere else, and on
a particular day in October. They want the
privilege to hold their annual meeting in the
spring instead of in the fall, and to designate
at one meeting where they will assemble at the
next within certain limits, that is, within five
places named.
My friend the chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad will explain this mat-
ter. It would havfe come from that committee
if there had been time, but it seemed desirable
on the part of the stockholders this shonld be
done before the recess—before the 1st of Jan-
uary, when most of these annual meetings are
held. I was asked in their behalf to do this,
and did not expect the surprise or indignation
of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DRIGGS. I denounce the statement
made by the gentleman from Illinois, that the
bill reported by me to extend the grant to the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad Company,
and passed by the Honse, gives an additional
grant of land of five or six hundred thousand
acres, as entirely incorrect and a gross perver-
sion of the facts. When I presented the bill from
the Conlmitteeon Public Lands I stated that the
bill granted no additional lands, and that state-
ment was true to the letter. The gentleman
parades a letter from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and claims that he says
that the bill made a large grant. I do not
believe the Commissioner says anything of the
kind, and the letter will not show it. He
doubtless says the bill continues a grant pre-
viously made, just as I have said. The bill
extends the time simply for eigtneen months
to build a connecting link in .the toad from
Green bay to Escanaba, one hundred and ten
miles; lie company having built two hun-
dred miles to Green bay, and seventy miles
from Escanaba to Alpena or Marquette. When
the gentleman says the bill appropriates addi-
tional, lands he states what is not true. I
stated to the . House what . I sow wj when I
reported the bvtl, and I reassert the fact that
there is no grant in the bill only an extension
of time, with a proviso that the lands all re-
vert to the Government if the company fail to
complete the whole road daring the" extended
time. That is all. . •* ■
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.; The letter
will speak for itself.
•Department op the Interior,
GCKCRal Land OffiCR, December 11,1867.
, SjS: In compliance with yoai1 letter of yesterday,
to-day received, accompanied byHouso bill No. 91,
concerning certain" lands granted to tbe States of
Michigan and Wisconsin forfailroad purposes, I have
the honor to state that- by the act of Congress ap-
proved June 3,1856, statutes volume eleven, pages 20
