1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
Mr. HENDRICKS. * I move to strike out the
eleventh rule, more with a view of getting an
explanation from the chairman of the com-
mittee t han perhaps for any other purpose. I
want to know whether that rule contemplates
the presence of the House of Representatives
in its organized form here during the progress
of this trial ? It reads as follows:
XI. At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes after
noon of the day appointed for the trial of on im-
peachment, the legislative and executive business
ol tlio Senate shall be suspended, and the Secretary
shaJl give notice to the House of Representatives
that the Senate is ready to proceed upon the im-
peachment of , in the Senate Chamber,
which chamber is prepared with accommodations
for the reception of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that that has
always been the practice heretofore. On the
trial of Humphreys a large portion of the Rep-
resentatives werein attendance in our Chamber;
and it is the theory of an impeachment that
inasmuch as it is presented by the House of
Representatives, they thus becoming the ac-
cusers, are to be present in order that the
accused may meet his accusers face to face. I
believe that hitherto the House of Represent-
atives have not transacted any legislative busi-
ness during the sittings of the Senate as a court
of impeachment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know to what
principle of the law the Senator refers in say-
ing that a man shall meet his accusers face to
face. I know what it means when you say a
man shall meet the witness testifying against
him face to face ; but I never knew it was
necessary that the grand jury should come in
and be face to face with the petit jury while
the case is being tried. If that is the idea of
the Senator, I do not agree to it, and upon
principle it is wrong. The House of Repre-
sentatives presents these articles of impeach-
ment. It is not to be brought here as an or-
ganized body, bringing its, influence and per-
sonal and collective power upon the Senate to
control the action of the Senate. Under the
rules which we provide it is contemplated that
the House will appoint managers, persons to
present the case to the Senate during the prog-
ress of the trial, as the House understands the
case; but that the House shall be here as the
House of Representatives to give the weight
and power of its influence to control the action
of the Senate is in conflict, in my judgment,
not only with the ordinary, rules of the Senate
but with that independent action which the
Senate should take upon so high an occasion.
itlr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me to say a word ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly; with pleas-
ure.
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask him how the
House of Representatives could proceed prop-
erly with their legislative business in the ab-
sence of the managers whom they have deputed
to conduct the impeachment before the Sen-
ate? Here will be half a dozen members of
the House of Representatives before the Sen-
ate during the trial in the performance of the
duty imposed upon them by a vote of the House.
They are here acting for, and on behalf of, the
House of Representatives m the prosecution,
examining witnesses, discussing questions of
law before the court. Suppose it should hap-
pen, in case the House of Representatives
should be in session, that their votes would be
needed in the House, even to form a quorum;
how can they leave their places here and re-
turn and vote or proceed in legislation there
without breaking up the proceedings_of the
Senate sitting as a court,? , The court in such
a case would become immediately dissolved
for want of parties. One party would not be
present. Would we proceed with nobody but
the other party present? Certainly not. It
would dissolve the court, dissolve the Senate
at once.
Mr.'HENDRICKS. It is not for me to
say what the House of Representatives shall
do with itself pending this trial; but there is
one thing it ought not to do; it ought not to
be brought here for the purpose of controlling
the action of this body; it ought not to be in-
vited here for the purpose of controlling the
action of this body.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the Constitution,
in authorizing an impeachment by the House
of Representatives, requires the House to be
here, what objection will the Senator have to
it then ? I think it does.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
show that in the Constitution I shall make no
objection to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that is a part of
the Constitution.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator from
Indiana need not be alarmed, for 1 do not think
the House will stay here very long. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not proposing,
so far as my vote is concerned, to invite the
House here. The answer of the Senator from
Michigan has not anything to do with the ques-
tion 1 am discussing.
Mr._ BUCKALEW. I call the Senator's
attention to the fact that the House of Repre-
sentatives frequently grants its committees
leave to sit during the session of the House, and
in some cases it has given its committees leave
to serve out in the country beyond the city of
Washington. It is very often done during the
session of the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is well known to
us all; and yet the House went on with its busi-
ness. Whether the House of Representatives
shall deem it proper to proceed with legislative
business when it has sent some of its members
into this body to prosecute a case is not an
important consideration in deciding whether
this section should remain. This is an invita-
tion to the House of Representatives to be hero,
to attend our sessions. For what purpose?
As a prosecutor ? Does the House of Repre-
sentatives become a prosecutor after it has
presented the charges here ? Or is the House
to leave the Senate independent in its action?
Why, Mr. President, the rules of the Senate
provide that in the debates here upon ordinary
matters of legislation it shall not be in order
to refer to the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives, because it is not considered proper
that the action of the House shall influence the
Senate or any member of the Senate. Is the
fact that the House shall present articles of
impeachment against a public officer to influ-
ence thejudgmentoftheSenateatall? Clearly
not. It simply presents the case for the invest-
igation of the Senate, and the party accused
comes into this court, as into any court, with
thepresumption of innocence, dependent, how-
ever, upon the evidence that may be produced.
Now, sir, the House, after it presents the arti-
cles of impeachment, can do precisely accord-
ing to its pleasure in the transaction of busi-
ness. It will be precisely in the case suggested
by the Senator from Pennsylvania when it per-
mits the absence of a committee to attend to
the business of the House. It may or may not,
I presume, at its pleasure, go on with its legis-
lative business. But that the House shall be
invited into the Senate as a body, to be present
during the progress of the trial, in my judg-
ment is in violation of the principle which
says the Senate, in regard to all important
action within thi3 Chamber, shall be independ-
ent of the influence of the House of Represent-
atives. It is not to be disguised, it cannot be
questioned, that if you bring into this Chamber,
to attend from day to day, the House of Rep--
resentatives as an organized body, it is bringing
to bear the most tremendous influence that can
be brought to bear upon a court; and, in my
judgment, it ought not to be. Instead of in-
viting it, it should be discouraged, if it,were
proper for the Senate to express any sentiment
upon the question at all. Of course, while the
Senate acts with open doors, it is proper.for the
members of the House of Representatives to
be here if they choose. But here it is proposed
that the Senate shall make provision that they
may attend in a body. For what purpose ?
As spectators of our proceedings? It would
seem that their business is for some other pur-
pose. The Senator from Michigan says that
they are here as accusers, that the accused may
stand face to face to his accusers. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is not right. These rules contemplate
other cases that may arise in the future of our
history than the particular case which is likely
to come here. Suppose some obscure officer,
without influence, without patronage, without
power, is impeached, and the House of Repre-
sentatives, with all of its influence and popular
power, attends from day to day in the Senate
Chamber before the court for the purpose of
bringing to bear upon that court that very
influence, that humble man may be crushed.
At least, sir, 1 am justified in saying that this
rule is not favorable to that impartial trial to
which he is entitled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, to strike out the eleventh rule.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr, DRAKE. I move to strike out the
second sentence of the seventh rule, in these
words:
And the presiding officer of the court may rule all
questionsof evidence and incidental questions, which
rulings shall stand as the judgment of the court,
unless some member of the court shall ask that a
formal vote be taken thereon, in which ease it shall
bo submitted to the court for decision; or he may, at
his option, in tko first instance, submit any such
question to a vote of the members of the court.
I suppose, from a remark made after I made
this motion by the honorable chairman of the
committee, that he desired the floor for the
purpose of making that very motion, that it will
meet with the approbation of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed that the Sen-
ator was joking when he moved to strike out
that clause.
Mr. DRAKE. Did the Senator from Ohio
suppose I was joking?
Mr. .SHERMAN. I did, indeed.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg to inform the honorable
Senator that I have been in the Senate now one
year, and I have never perpetrated a joke here
yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator, I think, has
perpetrated one now.
Mr. DRAKE. I am very far from having
perpetrated a joke. If the honorable Senator
wishes to discuss the proposition upon that
basis I will wait until he gets through, and
then give mv views.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Constitution of the
United States declares that the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court shall be the presiding offi-
cer of this tribunal. This rule is the only one
which gives him anything to do, except direct-
ing his presence here, in any substantial posi-
tion. He is made by the Constitution the pre-
siding officer of this tribunal, and we cannot
deprive him of this power. Now, what does
this rule authorize him to do:
And the presiding officer of the court may rule all
questions of evidenceandincidental questions, which
ruling shall stand a.3 the judgment of the court, unless
some member of the court shall ask that a formal
vote be taken thereon, in which case it shall be sub-
mitted to the court ior decision.
This simply authorizes him to give a pre-
liminary decision. It allows him to submit the
question to the court or make a preliminary
decision, from which any member of the court
may appeal and take the vote of the majority.
As a matter of course, the presiding officer
must decide these little questions that arise on
the admission of testimony, the admissibility
of testimony, &c. A great many questions
arise in the course of a proceeding like this.
As a matter of course, somebody must decide
those questions. They are left to the presiding
.officer in every legislative body whatever. _ If
any Senator is. dissatisfied he calls for a divis-
ion. If the presiding officer is not permitted
to have this power we had better at once select
-another presiding oflicer and dispense with the
Chief Justice entirely, and not have him brought
herev It is perfectly idle and ridiculous to have
a court organized with a constitutional presid-
ing officer, and then to say that that presiding
