1868.
• THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
statement. Besides, I very much doubt the
accuracy of the statement. The census is only
taken by the Indian agent, and the more souls
he can return the more money he can get.
[Laughter.] Hence I cannot agree to appro-
priate more than $10,000 for this tribe. We
are not actually bound by treaty to appropriate
anything.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
For insurance, transportation, and necessary cost
of delivery of annuities and provisions for Chippe-
was of Lake Superior, $3,000.
Mr. PAINE. At the request of my col-
league, [Mr. Washburn,] who is now neces-
sarily absent from the House, I move to amend
by adding at the end of the paragraph just read
the following;
And also for the purchase of twine for nets and
kettles for making sugar, $4,000; forgunsand ammu-
nition, $2,000; tor provisions and cattle, $2,000; for
running saw-mill, $1,500; for blankets, cloth, &c.,
GOO.
My colleague placed in my hands Executive
Document No. 246 of the present session, con-
taining, among other things, a letter from L.
E. Webb, formerly the agent in charge of these
Indians, and now, I believe, superintendent of
Indian affairs in New Mexico. I ask the Clerk
to read this letter, which contains all the inform-
ation I have on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, March 7,1868.
Sir: I desire, respectfully, to call your attention
to the condition of the Chippewa Indians of Lake
Superior. They number (exclusive of the Bois6Fort
Indians, who made the treaty of 1866) about five
thousand three hundred souls, and are scattered over
a large extent of country in northwestern Wisconsin
and Minnesota.
The treaty of 1842 expired in 1866, and under the
provisions of the treaty of 1854 they received annu-
ally $3,000 in money and $6,000 in goods, which is
about two dollars per capita. Many of them have
adopted the habits of civilized life and are endeavor-
ing to subsist themselves by agricultural pursuits, but
their country is not well adapted to agriculture, in
consequence of the shortnessof theseaoons; they arc
compelled, therefore, to subsist chiefly upon fish, of
which the supply is very abundant.
These Indians have always been loyal toward the
Government, and during the late rebellion large
numbers of their young men rendered valuable ser-
vice in the cause of the Union. They are, therefore,
justly entitled to liberal treatment at the hands of
Congress.
Seven reservations are set apart for the various
bands by the provisions of the treaty of 1854, but they
arc so poor that they cannot subsist upon them with-
out assistance from the Government. As a conse-
quence, many of them are constantly roaming about
the settlements on the St. Croix, Chippewa, and
Black rivers, to the annoyance of the settlers, and
numerous petitions are yearly presented to the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin asking for their removal to
thcii respective reservations. They would willingly
comply with their treaty stipulations, and reside
upon the reservations set apart for their use, if suffi-
cient assistance were afforded to them by the Gov-
ernment to enable them to improve their lands and
provide themselves with the necessary agricultural
implements. They have a saw-milL but no means
have been provided to run it. Their fish nets are
worn out, as are also their su?ar kettles and guns.
I would, therefore, respectfully ask that you lay
this subject before Congress, and, if possible, pro-
cure for these Indians such assistance as their neces-
sities imperiously demand. In my judgment the
necessary relief could be provided by the judicious
expenditure ot the following sum for the various
objects named below, namely:
Tor the purchase of twine for nets and kettles for
making sugar  $4,000
For guns and ammunition  2,000
For provisions and cattle  2.000
For running saw-mill  1,500
For blankets, cloth, &c  5,500
Total $15,000
It is perhaps proper that I should here say that I
have acted as agent for theselndians during the past
seven years, but, as I have recently been appointed
to another position, I can have no other interest in
this matter than a desire to contribute, as far as I
can, to the amelioration of the condition of a worthy
tube of Indian?, who are entitled to just and libeial
treatment at the hands of the Government.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. E. WEBB.
Hon. C. C. Washburn.
Member of Congress, Washington, D. C.
Mr. PAINE. I will state that that letter,
addressed to my colleague, has been sent to
this House by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish simply to call the
attention of the House to the fact that for
fourteen years we have every year been appro-
priating for these Chippewas of Lake Superior
over thirty-four thousand dollars under these
heads:
For fourteenth of twenty installments in coin.
For fourteenth of twenty installments in goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for agricul-
tural implements, cattle, carpenters' and other tools,
and building materials.
For fourteenth oftwenty installments for moral and
educational purposes, $300 of which to be paid to the
Grand Portage band to enable them to maintain a
school at their village.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for six smiths
and assistants.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for support
of mx smiths' shops.
For twelfth of twenty installmentsfor the seventh
smith and assistant and support of shops.
For the support of a smith, assistant, and shop
for tho I3ois6 Fort band during the pleasure of the
President.
For the support of two farmers for the Boise Fort
band duringthc pleasure of the President.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary cost
of the delivery of annuities and provisions for Chip-
pewas of Lake Superior.
And we have got to do it for six years longer.
I do not see why these Indians should have a
gratuity of $0,000. Let them go to work.
They pay no tax, and are simply paupers upon
the Government.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DONNELLY. On page 14, line three
hundred and twenty-six, I move to strike out
'' one'' and in lieu thereof to insert '' three;''
so it will read:
For fourteenth of twenty installments forpurposes
of education, per third article treaty 22d February,
1855, $3,000.
Mr. Chairman, these Indians are located in
my district, and the treaty under which this
appropriation is made provides that a sum not
exceeding $3,000 shall be appropriated an-
nually for the purposes of education. The
committee have reported in the bill only
$1,000. Every year since 1855 Congress has
appropriated S3,000. It seems to me that it is
a false economy to strike down the appropria-
tions for education. If we ever expect to civ-
ilize these Indians it must be by the aid of edu-
cation. It seems to me, therefore, I repeat, a
false economy to reduce the educational fund
contemplated in the treaty. I make the mo-
tion to increase the appropriation to $3,000,
the amount that has been appropriated every
year since 1855.
Mr. BUTLER. This matter was discussed
in the committee in order to get exactly at
what should be done, and we came to the con-
clusion that we had the right to cut this down
under this language, "such sum as may be
useful" "not to exceed' S3,000 in any one
year, for the purpose of education." We have
the right to cut it down to nothing. On exam-
ination we found that there are not as many
scholars receiving the benefit of this educa-
tional fund as it would have supported in any
one of our cities. In other words, we came to
the conclusion that the more money the less
education.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
For fourteenth of fifteen installments for support
of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third article
treaty 22d February, 1855, $1,240.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend by
strikingout $1,240 and inserting $2,120, being
the amount designated in the estimate. 1
would state in this connection that in all the
paragraphs in this bill which relate to these
particular Indians a similar reduction of the
wages of the employes has been made. I
desire to read to the House a portion of a com-
munication on this subject coming from the
Bureau of Indian Affairs to the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
"Suitable and efficient employes cannot be engaged
to guinto the Indian country and reside permanently,
giving all their time and attention to the Indians,
for less than is asked for in the estimate. M en ot no
character and of little if any knowledge of the busi-
ness for which they are employed m Possibly be
| had for the prices proposed to be paid m the mil.
I They will, however, prove injurious rather than
beneficial to tho service, and it would be tar better
' for all concerned to furnish no employes than to
send men among the Indians with no knowledge of
their duties and no character to lose. This applies
equally well to all cases where reductions have been
made in the pay of employes."
I am able to fully confirm the statement
made in that communication. These Indians >
are located at a great distance from our settle-
ments. A man who goes among them must be
prepared to lead a life of isolation, almost of
exile, and it is difficult to get the proper kind
of men—respectable and worthy men—for less
than the prices named in the estimates. I
therefore trust that the amendment will pre-
vail. In this particular case the provision is for
two blacksmiths and their shops. The amount
proposed by the committee is $1,240. That
would be $020 for each smith and shop. Out
of this sum the smith has got to support him-
self and his family in that country, and furnish
all the materials that are required in the work
of his shop. Then he has to bring the provis-
ion upon which he lives a distance of hundreds
of miles. I think the amount contained in the
estimate is as little as we should allow.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman isquite right
in saying that we have adopted a rule about
these wages. We found this remarkable con-
dition of things: some treaties provide how
much shall be paid for the blacksmith or the
miller or the engineer, and some do not.
Wherever the treaty provides for the amount
that shall be paid you can always get one for
that amount, but wherever the amount is un-
provided for there you cannot get one without
paying half or two thirds more. So we came
to the conclusion that if, wherever the treaty
provided for the employment of a blacksmith,
miller, or mechanic at a given price, they could
readily bo had, they might always be had at
the same price, provided Congress insisted
that no more should be paid. In other words,
wherever it is left to discretion the price runs
up ; wherever it is fixed by treaty there yon
can always get your blacksmith, miller, or
mechanic as you want them. You find that
running through all these provisions. Many
years ago—-I think in 1844—Congress fixed by
law what should be paid to these Indian em-
ployes. I think it was $600 a year. Now, in
every ease where it is fixed by Congress an
employe can be got for that sum. But if you
want another blacksmith right alongside of the
one employed at StiOO you cannot get him for
less than $900 or $1,200 a year.
My friend from Minnesota [Mr. Doxnei.lt]
is mistaken in regard to the blacksmith's shop
and materials being included. His shop is
built for the blacksmith; his tools, iron, steel,
and everything are given to him ; and he eats
out of the Indian provisions. We thought,
therefore, he could afford to work for $620 a
year. lie pays no taxes. He is away from the
temptations of society. He has no servants to
provide for; the Indians are always ready to
help him. If he had any servant to provide
for, if he should take a girl into his family, he
would charge ten dollars a month for feeding
her. That would be domestic economy. We
came to the conclusion that he would be better
off at $620 than one here at $1,200. For that
reason we have made a uniform scale. Sow,
if you desire to raise the pay of all these
employes do so ; if not, let this remain as it is.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the amount $2,220.
I would say, in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts 
Mr. BUTLER. I make the point of order
that the gentleman cannot offer two amend-
ments to the same paragraph.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. It is a modification of
his amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. I hope the gentleman
will not make that point of order until I can
i! reply to his remarks.
!| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
!j Minnesota offers an amendment to an amend-
■ meat, and that is in order.
: Mr. DONNELLY. I have no doubt that m
J former treaties, made many years ago, when
i I the commerce and condition of the country
