2620
THE COFGBlSSIOMIi GLOBE.
May'2%
were very different from what they are at the
present time, very moderate amounts were stip-
ulated for the pay of employes. But we are
in the midst of a different condition of things.
Now, the gentleman has said that where a small
amount of compensation is fixed you can al-
ways get an employ^ ready to perforin the
work. I have no doubt of that. 1 have no
doubt that you would find men ready to take
our seats here in Congress for half or one fourth
the pay we receive. I doubt not you could put
them up at auction and sell tliem to the highest
bidder, and I am under the impression that in
some branches of the Government very large
sums would he offered for a place, if we are to
be guided by the revelations of the last two or
three weeks. That, however, is not the ques-
tion. We have taken charge of these Indians.
We have made ourselves to some extent their
custodians. We' must see that they are prop-
erly taken care of. We must furnish sufficient
remuneration to induce good and respectable
men to go and settle down in their midst. We
must not throw open the door and invite the
ruffians of the frontier to come in by offering
compensation that no decent man can live
upon. Now, as to the facts of the case, this
communication from the Indian Bureau to which
I have referred says:
"Tho treaty provides that two blacksmiths, with
the necessary shops, iron, stool, and tools, shall bo
furnished. This oertainly cannot be done for 41,2-10."
Mr. BUTLER. We do not require it to be
done for that.
Mr. DONNELLY. It is the understanding
of the Indian Bureau, as shown in this state-
ment, that the blacksmiths are to furnish the
materials for their shops.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman look at
the last item in the estimates, just below that:
" For insurance, transportation, and iron and
steel for blacksmiths, $10,000." That is for
Chippewas of lied lake and Pembina tribes—
the ones we are dealing with.
Mr. DONNELLY. The gentleman is in
error. We are dealing with the Pillager and
Lake Winnebagoshish Chippewas. 'The Indians
to whom he refers are an entirely different
set. It is certainly understood by the Indian
Bureau that the cost of the materials is to
come out of this sum, and 1 trust my amend-
ment will become an exception to the rule
here and be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the amendment lo the amendment. Does
the gentleman from Minnesota insist upon it?
Mr. DONNELLY. No, sir; I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment and ask for a
vote on the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. I now move to insert
the following as a new paragraph, to come in
- after line three hundred and sixty-five :
For pay of female employes to teach Indian women
habits ol domestic economy, $1,000.
I would say that this item is provided for in
the treaty.
Mr.' BUTLER. Is that in the estimates?
Mr. DONNELLY. I have the treaty before
me. Article thirteen-of the treaty of May 7,
1864, with the Chippewa Indians, reads as fol-
lows :
"The female members of the family df any Gov-
ernment cmploy6 residing ona reservation who shall
teach Indian girlsdomestie economy shall be allowed
and paid a sum not exceeding ten dollars per month
while so engaged: Provided, That not more than
$1,000 shall be so expended during anyoneyear; and
that the President of the United States may suspend
or annul this urtiolo whenever lie may deem it expe-
dient to do so."
The President has not suspended or annulled
this provision of the treaty ; and we are under
an obligation to those Indians to make an
appropriation for that purpose. Now, Mr.
Chairman, it is not necessary for me to enlarge
upon the important part which the female plays
in the civilization, cultivation, and improve-
ment of the race. It is, however, evident that
if we are to civilize the Indians, one of the most
importaut points to be secured is to teach the
Indian women habits of domestic economy akin
to those practiced by civilized beings—to_ in-
struct them in the arts of civilized life. I think,
therefore, this amendment should be adopted.
It is to carry outan existing treaty under which
the faith of the nation is pledged.
Mr. BUTLER. .Mr. Chairman, I am very
glad that my friend from Minnesota [Mr. Dox-
xeli.y] lias brought this article of the treaty to
the attention of the House. It is a beautiful
illustration of the manner in which these treaties
are made. Let me read the provision :
"The female members of the family of any Gov-
ernment employe residingon a reservation who shall
teach Indian girls domestic economy shall be allowed
and paid a sum not exceeding ten dollars per month
while so engaged."
Thus the Indian agent or blacksmith or other
Government employ6 not only gets himself
employed, but has a treaty stipulation that his
wife or his mistress or whoever else he has
with hi in shall also be employed at ten dollars
per month. And nobody can teach domestic
economy to these Indian girls and get pay for
it except "the female members of the family
of any Government employ6." That is what
they call making treaties in this country! Why
not throw open to everybody this business of
teaching domestic economy to these Indian
girls? If the wife of a missionary going upon
the Indian reservation undertakes to teach the
Indian girls domestic economy she cannot
have any pay for it. But the wife or sister
of other females belonging to the family of a
Government employ^ can obtain ten dollars a
month for such services. Now, sir, what is
meant by ''teaching Indian girls domestic
economy?" It means taking Indian girls into
the kitchen of the Indian agent to do the
housework, and instead of paying them wages,
obtaining from tho Government ten dollars a
month for exercising the privilege of so em-
ploying them. And this is secured by treaty
between two independent nations! This illus-
trates better than anything else can the rotten
and infernal character of this whole business
of making treaties with the Indians.
This article further provides that " not more
than $1)000 shall be so expended during any
one year." 1 do not mean that there shall be
any more than $1,000 expended. Therefore
westruckoutthe appropriation for this purpose.
It is further provided that " the President
of the United States may suspend or annul
this article whenever he may deem it expedient
to do so." So he may; and I hold that Con-
gress is not bound to appropriate a single dol-
lar. It is simply provided that no more than
§1,000 shall be appropriated. We may cut
the appropriation down to one dollar if we
choose. The provision does not require that
no less than §1,000 shall be appropriated.
Tho whole effect of the article is that the Gov-
ernment pays its employes among the Indians
a gratuity for engaging the Indian girls to do
their housework.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend the
amendment by making the amount §1,500.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts seems to forget that in the Indian
country there are not, ©r are not supposed to
be, any females of the white race, except those
who are the members of the families of Govern-
ment employes—-their wives and daughters.
It is true there are in that country females
belonging to the families of missionaries ; and
I should certainly have had no objection if the
treaty had extended to the wives and daughters
of missionaries; but I suppose that these were
omitted by an oversight.
The truth is the only white females who can
properly and fitly be within the limits of an
Indian reservation are the wives and daughters
of Government employes; and certainly they
could not be better employed than in teaching
the habits of civilized life to the Indian women
around them ; and if such instruction be given
I see no reason why this great, generous Gov-
ernment should not be willing to pay for it,
especially when we have solemnly stipulated
under the hand and seal of the nation to make
such, payment.
Now, sir, my distinguished friend from Mas-
sachusetts does not, it seems to me, fairly
represent the meaning of this article. It does
not contemplate that this House may in its own
judgment refuse to appropriate a dollar for
this purpose. The language of the treaty
clearly requires that those who give this in-
struction shall be paid for their services, but
that not more than $1,000 per annum shall be
so paid. It is our duty to provide for the pay-
ment of this amount, if services equivalent to
this sum are rendered.
Mr. Chairman, there are two classes of sub-
jects which a western man on this floor is very
often called upon to touch. One relates to
the interests of his constituents as connected
with land grants ;-the other embraces questions
concerning Indian affairs. Yet a member
cannot touch either of these classes of ques-
tions without subjecting himself to suspicion in
the estimation of many good and true men on
this floor.
I have to-day offered two or three amend-
ments to this bill. The first, which looked to
the education of these Indians, was rejected
by the House. The second was designed to
place among the Indians respectable Govern-
ment employes, instead of the " scaliiwags"
who too often resort to those reservations for
a living. The third amendment, which I have
now offered, provides for carrying out a treaty
stipulation that the wives and daughters of
Government employes may teach the Indian
women habits of civilization and receive pay-
therefor. The House has voted down both the
amendments I have already offered: and £
have no doubt that, in the face of the existing
treaty stipulation, this amendment will also
be rejected. I at least shall have done my
duty. _
I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following;
For fifth of fifteen installments to defray the ex-
penses of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than three persons, to attend upon the annuity pay-
ments of tho said Chippewa Indians, whose pay shall
not exceed five dollars per day each, and for not
more than twenty days, and ten cents lil;r mile for
traveling expenses, and not to exceed three hundred
miles, per sixth article treaty October 2, 1S63, $250.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out "two hundred
and fifty" and inserting "four hundred," so
as to make tho appropriation S400. In a pre-
ceding paragraph, lines three hundred and fifty-
seven to three hundred and sixty-five, $-100
have been appropriated for a similar purpose
in connection with another tribe. In that case
it is provided that ''a board of visitors, to con-
sist of not more than three persons," shall be
paid five dollars a day for not more than twenty
days' service in any one year, and ten cents
per mile for not more than three hundred
miles' travel. The paragraph to which I refer
is as follows:
For pay of services and traveling expenses of a
board of visitors, to consist of not more than three
persons, to attend the annuity payments to tho In-
dians, and to inspect the fields, buildings, mills, and
other improvements, as stipulated in the seventh
article treaty May 7,18(U, not exceeding, any one
year, more than twenty days' service, at five dollars
per day, or more than three hundred miles' travel,
at ten cents per mile, S-lUiJ.
The provision in the paragraph just read by
the Clerk is precisely the tame as to business,
the number of days, the amount to be paid,
&c., but in one case the committee report
$400 and in the other £250, the only difference
being that in the latter ease the board of visit-
ors are further removed from civilization than
those for whom they report §100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. On page 19, line four hun-
dred and forty-three, I move to strike out
''four" and insert " six;" so it will read:
Confederated tribes and bands of Indiansin mid-
dle Oregon:
For fourth of five installments, second series, for
beneficial objects, at tho discretion of the President,
per second article treaty 25th Juae, 1855, #6,600. -
I will call the attention of the gentfeman
from Massachusetts to the fact that my amend-
