96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of Committee on Foreign Affairs.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
person born within its jurisdiction, without
consent and in disregard of protest or removal/*
is not necessary in any form of political society.
It does not rest upon any theory of justice, and
the whole course of civilization disprovesits jus-
tice or wisdom. It is a power that does not
attach to a State which has for its object the
welfare of all its members, but to a despotism
that knows no duty and cares for no interest but
to strengthen and perpetuate the power of rulers.
The law of allegiance and of service is as essen-
tial to a republic as it is to a monarchy. It is not
a mere matter of agreement, convenience, or
utility j it is a necessit}'. Every form of govern-
ment depends upon it, and dissolution awaits
all forms of society to which it is denied.
But here the parallel ends. The authoryof
despotic governments is force ; that of a State
is the consent of its people.
The claim of indefeasible allegiance and per-
petual service is the symbol of feudalism and
force. The right of emigration and natural-
ization, where life or liberty is insecure, or
where the prerogatives of conscience are vio-
lated, is wrought into the constitutions of all
governments of choice. The feudal claim is as
absolute over the mind as the body. It denies
liberty of conscience and of thought by the same
title that it proscribes the right of locomotion.
It dwarfs human capacity and reason and cor-
rupts the nature of man and society.
OF THE CONSENT OF GOVERNMENTS.
It may justly be conceded that the express
or implied consent of both parties is necessary
to the extinction of mutual obligations between
a Government and its subject. But this does
not justify the perpetual control of one by the
force of the other. It assumes that it is the
right and duty of the Government to so regulate
the manner of separation as to secure in the
highest degree the welfare of both. It is to
this natural law that we refer the right to regu-
late, not defeat, emigration and naturalization,
which together constitute expatriation. But a
Government cannot justly aumit one and deny
the other.
A subject may justly be held to the complete
performance of all obligations actually due to
the Government at the time of separation. In
a period of war or when public peace is threat-
ened, every form of political society is justified
by natural as well as municipal law in holding
its members to the fulfillment of their duties
until the crisis is passed. In moments of pub-
lic peril it might with justice forbid emigra-
tion so long as the common danger continued.
But this exercise of power must be considered
as incident to a present exigency of the State.
It cannot be just that a citizen who has with-
drawn in a time of peace, with the actual or
implied consent of the Government, is to be
held, himself and his descendants, forever re-
sponsible for the conduct of that Government
or the perils which it may encounter; or that
he is bound under such circumstances to ren-
der the same service in its defense or make the
same sacrifice for its support which could have
been demanded had his connection remained
unbroken.
The reciprocal protection which is the basis
of the obligation due from a subject to the State
is rightfully terminated by a permitted removal,
and leaves no foundation for the subsequent
claim of perpetual service. The State would
be justified, in anticipation of immediate or
approaching public peril, in prohibiting many
acts threatening its present or its future safety.
In this view the decree of Charles I in 1637-38,
denying the right of departure to u passen-
gers" for New England "as idle and refrac-
tory persons whose only or principal end is to
live out of the reach of authority where they
take liberty to nourish and preserve their sehis-
matical factions," might be justifiable as de-
feating an organization detrimental, if not
destructive, to his throne. In this he did not
merely assert a right, but he averted by his
acts an immediate danger. Whether the result
was more fortunate for his crown than to have
allowed these "passengers"—among whom
were Pym, Hampden, and Cromwell—the lib-
erty of emigration, and how far despotic rulers
ought to take warning from the latal conse-
quences that followed the exercise of such
power in this particular case, his sucessors
may be called upon to determine.
RULE OP INTERNATIONAL LAW.
International law does not control nations
in the conduct of municipal affairs. It leaves
them to the good sense of every independent
State. It does not, therefore, present any
positive rule by which Governments are to be
guided. Nevertheless the opinions of writers of
recognized authority upon national and inter-
national law, whose judgments are universally
respected, ought not to be without weight in
this discussion. With few exceptions, and
those least important, they favor the largest
liberty consistent with public safety in emigra-
tion and naturalization, which, taken together,
complete the act of expatriation:
"Since one is asubject in regard that he constitutes,
with others, ono republic, into which ho willingly
enters, it follows from thencc that one ceases to bo a
citizen so soon as ho willingly removes with that
design from his native country and joins himself to
another State, settling thero his fortune and family,
unless the laws forbid subjects to remove."—Hcinec-
ius, B. 2, S. 230.
"A man should not leave liis country or the State
of which he is a member in time of war or great dis-
tress, but in a time of peace he may do so if ho
pleases."—(jrotiicH,
" Where the liberty of removal hath been promis-
cuously allowed, and tho subject settles himself and
his effects under the protection of a foreign State,
tho Commonwealth which ho left hath no longer any
authority over him."—Puffendorf, B. 8, Oh. 11.
" Every man is born free; and the son of a citizen,
when come to tho years of discretion, may examino
whetherit be convenient for him to join tho society
for which he was destined by his birth. If he does
not find it advantageous to remain in it, he is at lib-
erty to quit it on making compensation for what it
has don© in his favor, and preserving, as far as new
engagements will allow him, tho sentiments of love
and gratitude ho owesit. Aman'sobligations to his
natural country may, however, change, lesson, or
entirely vanish, accordingly as he may have quitted it
lawfully, and with good reason, in order to choose
another, or has been banished from it deservedly or
unjustly in due form of law orby violence."—Vattel.
" In England the subjects aro under a stronger and
more particular obligation to the sovereign than else-
where in virtue of a right which they there call alle-
giance; but this does not prevent tho English from
withdrawing from tho kingdom without tho permis-
sion of the king: and when they have established
themselves elsewhere neither tho authority of tho
king nor of the laws of the kingdom have any further
power over them.."—Wicqucfort, section 11, book 1,
Ambassador.
" It is a right inhcrentinall free peoplcto havo tho
liberty of removal if they think piopcr. When a
person becomes a member of a State ho does not
thereby renounce the care of himself and his affairs,
lie m.ay seek the necessaries and conveniences of life
elsewhere. The subjects of a State cannot bo denied
the liberty of settling elsewhere in order to procure
those advantages which they do not enjoy in their
native country.''—Iiurlemaqui.
"The particular duties of citizens terminate with
the offices from whicn thoy flowed: but, as to general
duties, they subsist as long as ono continues to be a
citizen and until that character is lost. Now, a man
ceases to be a citizcn in one of these ways: 1. When
he goes to establish himself elsewhere; 2. When he
is banished; 3. In case of subjection to a foreign
Power."—Felice, Droit des Gen9.
" On the other hand, except incases of great neces-
sity, where it is intended to call out the strength of
the society, the civil power, considered simply as
such, has no right to restrain emigration and the
disposition to settle elsewhere; this right not being
necessary for the perpetuation of tho body-politic,
and the inhabitants of a country being by nature
sufficiently attached to it (if the government bo tol-
erable) without being detained."— Vicat.
"Man, whose subsistence depends upon his indus-
try, ought naturally to seek happiness wherever he
can find it. Want and misery make the law for him
in this respect. If his native country offers him re-
sources it is his nature to he attached to it. Tf it
docs not, by what right—I will add, with what mo-
tive—shall we seek to arrest and to punish him?
May ho not say, " Give me and my family assurance
of support, or let me seek it elsewhere?" The law
of nature, which is that of self-preservation, will be
to eternity stronger than all the maxims and calcu-
lations which politics can present. We are wrong to
say that this man injures his country by cairying his
industry abroad. Iio may justly reply that his indus-
try is his own, and that he lias a right to carry it
where it can furnish him subsistence."—Rayncmh
"In times of peace it would seem unjust and dis-
honorable to any State to hinder its citizens from
selling their lands and removing to any other State
they please and freoing themselves from their former
political relation. For the several subjects, by the
taxes or tributes which they pay annually, compen-
sate all the ordinary advantages which they receive
from the community, and it would be unjust to hin-
der them from consulting better their own interest,
if they can, elsewhere. Nor is there danger that any
State will bo deserted by many of its subjects unless
it bo cithermiserably constituted or administered, and
in such cases tho citizens have a better right to quit it
and cannot be compelled to remain its suojccts."
iiufcheson's Moral Philosophy.
"Men may relinquish their country from a sense
of insecurity, oppression, annoyance, or inconve-
nience, and emigration ought neither to be prohib-
ited nor discouraged."—Pauley's Moral and 1 ohtieal
Philosophy. . A •
" Considered from an international point of view,
tho jurisdiction of a nation must be founded. either
upon the person or the property being within its ter-
ritory; considered from a civil point of view, juris-
diction may bo founded upon natural as well a8 local
allegiance; in other words, overy independent State
claims to make laws perpetually binding upon its
natural-born subjects wherever they may be. But
natural allegiance or the obligation of perpetual
obedience to tho Government of the ceuntry wherein
a man may happen to havo been born, which he can-
not forfeit or cancel, or vary by any change of time
or place or circumstance, is the creature of civil law,
and finds no countenance in the law of nations, as it
is in direct conflict with the inconvertible rule of that
law: 4 Extra tcrritorium jusdicenti impune non pare-
tur."'—Twiss's Law of Nations, page 231.
"Formerly it was doubted whether an individual
had a right to quit his country and settle elsewhere
without leave from his Government; and in some
countries he who did go had to sacrifice a part of his
property.* Atpresont such a right is very generally
concedcd under certain limitations. "The right of
emigration," says ileffter. " is inalienable ; only self-
imposed or unfulfilled obligations can restrict it."
Tho relation of tho subject to the sovereign is a vol-
untary one, to be terminated by emigration: but a
State is not bound to allow the departure of its sub-
jects until all preexisting lawful obligations to the
State have been satisfied. Notice, therefore, may be
required of an intent to migrate, and security be
demanded for tho satisfaction of back-standing obli-
gations, beforo the person in question is allowed to
leave the country.! JDe Martens writes to the effect:+
"It belongs to universal and positive public law to
determine how far the State is authorized to restrict
or prevent the emigration of the natives of a coun-
try. Although the bond which attaches a subject to
tho State of Ins birth or his adoption be not indissol-
uble, every State has a right to be informed before-
hand of tho design of one of its subjects to expatriate
himself, and to examine whether, by reason of crime
or debt or engagements not yet fulfilled toward the
State, it is authorized to retain him longer. These
cases excepted, it is no more justified in prohibiting
him from emigrating than it would be in prohibiting
foreign sojourners from doing the same. These prin-
ciples havo always been followed in Germany. They
have been sanctioned even by the federal pack of the
German Confederation, as far as relates to emigra-
tion from the territory of one member of tho Confed-
eration to that of another.'Woolseys International
Law, page 142.
"While almost all the nations of Europe are igno-
rant of the constituent principles of society, and re-
gard the people only as beasts of a farm, cultivated
for the benefit of the owner, we are astonished, we aro
edified, that your thirteen republics should know at
once the dignity of man, and should have drawn from
the sources of the wisest philosophy the principles
by which they are disposed to be governed."—Abbe
de^Mabbj to Mr, Adams, Minister to Holland.
One of tho principal objectsof police isto hinder
the subjects from emigrating in too great numbers.
It is for the public, universal or particular, law to
determine to what degree a sovereign is permitted
to restrain the natural liberty of those subjects who
wish to quit tho territory for a long time or expatri-
ate themselves entirely. A foreigner, as long as he
remains so, and has not contracted debts or com-
mitted crimes, is entirely at liberty to quit the State
when he pleases; it is only in caseof collision, repri-
sal, or war that a State is justifiable in detaining a
foreigner against his will. This liberty, founded on
tho universal law of nations, is confirmed and even
extended by a great number of treaties,§ and accord-
ingly it is rarely violated ; but a foreigner, formally
natuiah/.cd, has no more right to exemption from
this restraint than those who aro born subjects of a
State, unless he made express or tacit conditions on
the subject."— Von Marten's Law of Nations, 87.
Citizenship ceases by penal or voluntary expatri-
ation. In the first case the country renounces all its
claims upon the subject; in the second he loses his
*By tho detractus, droit dc detraction, property
to which strangers out of the country succeeded was
taxed. By an analogous tax, as the gabelle d'emiara-
tion, those who left a country were amerced in part
of their goods, immovable or movable. Such odious
rights, says De Martens, (I, sec.90,) although existing
still, arc very generally abolished.
t Ileffter, sec. It, 59.
|Precis, tec., (Paris edition of 185S,) sec. 91.
t Almost all the treaties of commerce contain arti-
cles on this subject, and by tho greatest part of them
foreigners are permitted to quit tho State even in
case of rupture.
