19C8.
APPEN DIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL OLOilE.
"9*
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Ho. of Kbps.
privileges by voluntary separation from the country.
But even when it is not permitted by law the bonds
which uniic the subject to bis country are not indis-
soluble. Being wronged by his Government, com-
pelled to seekm other binds tho well-being (bienesictr)
and the happiness that he is notable to find in bis
own, he is allowed to abandon tbe association to
which he belongs and to establish another elsewhere.
This is a right of which the civil law cannot deprive
him. and in the exercise of this right, as 111 all others,
bo is to decide for himself when to dissolve tho ties
which bind him to hiscountry. Tt. is, without doubt,
possible for him to abuse it. but whether or not it is
abused will be a difficult question for foreign nations
to decide, as they are not competent judges of the
facts.*'—IJello. Derechos International, Paris, 1S61,
page 75.
MUNICIPAL LAWS'OF EUROPEAN STATES.
The enlarged and just views of these and
other authors as to the inalienable rights of
man must, in good time, produce their proper
effect upon the legislation of the world. But
unhappily the ground of our present complaint
is that the municipal legislation of European
States is in conflict with the principles advo-
cated by the most enlightened jurists, who have
best studied the laws of nature and of nations.
In other relations of government great ad-
vances have been made. The great States of
southern Europe have abandoned in' their
recent organizations the political philosophy
of the Middle Ages. There are no longer sov-
ereigns who govern for years without a par-
liament, like Charles I, and there are no arch-
bishops who, like Laud, boast that they are
not likely to hear "that noise" again. The
consent of the people is now the first condi-
tion of permanent or peaceful Governments.
The forms of the ancient monarchies only are
retained. The popular power expands with
every generation "in the organization of States,
but as to subjects the rigid traditions of feudal
law are strictly preserved. Municipal govern-
ment is unimproved. It confounds police reg-
ulations with natural law: local legislation with
the law of nations.
LOCAL LLGISLATION OF EUROPEAN STAMS.
We have appended to this report a r£sum6
of the laws of the several States of Europe,
given by the principal Cabinet officers in answer
to inquiries presented by tho American Gov-
ernment in 1849. It is but just to suppose that
a statement of laws thus made by officers best
acquainted with the course of legislation and
administration will be more satisfactory than
any cursory examination of the various statutes
could give. The correspondence from which
these expositions of European law upon the
subject of expatriation are taken, is printed in
Executive Document 88, first session Thirty-
Sixth Congress.
The doctrines of Great Britain, as repre-
sented by Lord Palmerston in a letter to Mr.
Bancroft, are thus stated : that while it has
never been denied by the British Government
that emigrants leave their country by virtue
of that right which lias been asserted to be the
foundation of nil liberty, the rightof every rea-
sonable being to seek a new country, and that
by the laws of Great, Britain no restraint can,
except in very special eases, be placed upou
the perfect liberty of every British subject to
leave the realm when and for whatever period
he chooses, yet this expatriation, in the sense
of a voluntary abjuration of natural allegiance,
cannot be sanctioned without the assent of the
sovereign power; nor does it debar the return
of the emigrant as a natural-born subject.
Count Walewski, for the Government of
France, in a dispatch to Mr. Calhoun, 25th
November, 1859, declares that French legisla-
tion does not permit a Frenchman to renounce
his nationality, but he loses it by positive law
when naturalized in a foreign country. A
Frenchman who emigrates, and thus places
himself out of the way of military service, would
assuredly be punishable on his return to France
although he should have obtained a foreign
naturalization. (Article 230, JSfouveau Code
Militaire, 1859.)
40th Cong. 2d Sess.— No. T.
The royal decree of the Spanish Government,
17th November, 1832, declares that a Spaniard
naturalized within the territory cf another Power
withontthe knowledge and authority of his Gov-
ernment shall not exempt himself from the ob-
ligations which were consequent to his primi-
tive nationality. The same rule is applied to
foreigners naturalized in Spain. (Serrano, to
the Consul General of the United States at
Cuba, 14th February, 1860.)
Austria requires an emigrant to disengage
himself from all obligations as an Austrian sub-
ject, and he is deprived by law of the right to
dispose of or inherit property. It provides pun-
ishment for those who absent themselves with-
out passports.
In Prussia a subject loses his nationality,
first, by discharge at the subject's request; sec-
ond, by sentence of competent authority; third,
by living ten years in a foreign country; fourth,
by marriage, if a female, with a foreigner. Sub-
jects who emigrate without obtaining a dis-
charge are punished according to laws in that
case provided, and if they return to Prussia
are considered criminals, subject to punishment
from which no citizenship of any nation can
•liberate them. The obligation to military ser-
vice is not extinguished by time. After absence
of more than ten years if he returns he is held
to service. Emigiation is not permitted except
with expx-ess leave of the Government. (Baron
Gerolt to Mr. Marcy, July 11, 1853; Baron
Schleinitz to Mr. Wright, 0th January, 1859.)
The constitution of the North German Union,
1st July, 1867, makes every North German citi-
zen subject to military duty. No substitute is
received. Every able-bodied man is to serve
three years in the field, four years in the reserves,
and then five years in the militia. Colonization
and emigration are regulated by the Legislature
of the Union. (Executive Document 9, second
session Fortieth Congress, pages lfi-23.)
The laws of Hamburg make the denational-
ization of a subject dependent upon his obtain-
ing a discharge from the Government, the pay-
ment of a specified sum of money, and evidence
of the fulfillment of military service in person
or by substitute.—(Merg. Dr., June 21, 1850.)
The Grand Duchy of Baden requires an emi-
grant to obtain the authorization of the Gov-
ernment, to show that he leaves no debts, that
the country to which he emigrates will teceive
him, and that hi« wife is in accord in regard to
emigration.—(Encyclo. 19, 19th Siecle. T. 11,
p. 433.)
Bremen fully acknowledges her obligations
to give protection to all American citizens,
making no distinction between naturalized
and native citizens of the United States. It
holds that desertion from military service in
any of the German States comes under that
class of offenses (crimes) which will justify the
surrender; and that no State could complain
on the ground that such deserter had become
its citizen. It cites the law of the United
States to support this view. It does not re-
gard a deserter from military service in the
light of a political refugee, nor his act a polit-
ical offense; and claims that desertion would
be a crime in native as well as naturalized cit-
izens. (Mr. Sehleiden, minister &c., Novem-
ber 21, 1839.)
The laws of Hanover allow emigration with
parents of children to the age of twenty-one
years : those who emigrate without parents,
up to the year preceding that when conscrip-
tion takes place, and even in that year, upon
proof that the emigrant betters his condition.
Those who are within the age of military con-
scription, notyet in military service, areallowed
to emigrate when their departure does not en-
danger the rights of others liable to service, or
who give security for a substitute, in case young
men should be called into service.—("W. Reit-
zenstein, minister, &c., August 20, 1859.)
The first article of the convention between
the United States and the king of Wurtemburg,
October 3, 1844, provides that "every kind
of droit d'aubaine,- droit de retraite, and droit
de detraction, or tax on emigration, are and
shall remain abolished between the two con-
tracting parties, their States, citizens, and sub-
jects."
The convention with Saxony has the same
provisions.
The treaty with Pruasia, March 14, 1829,
provides that the inhabitants of the respective
States of the high contracting parties—
" Shall be at liberty to sojourn and reside in all
partswhatsoeverof said territories in order to attend
to their affair?, and shall enjoy, to that effect, tbo
same security and protection as natives of tho coun-
try wherein they reside, on condition of submission
to tbo laws and ordinances therein prevailing."
The Russian Government so far satisfies its
subjects or so exercises its power as to restrain
their emigration. In either case its municipal
law is innocuous to other nations, and upon
this subject at least does not materially affect
the interests or rights of the United States.
The same remark is substantially true of
France.
REVIEW OF FOREIGN MUNICIPAL LEGISLATION'.
There is one element of harmony that
pervades foreign legislation upon this sub-
ject. The emigration of a subject is held to
depend upon the consent of his Government
But the practice of the Governments in this
matter varies so much as to show a substantial
difference of principle. It does not appear
that the consent of Great Britain, express or
implied, is actually withheld from the multi-
tudes who emigrate from her shores, or that
she makes any exertion to prevent their de-
parture, while in some of the German States
the regulations are such as to imply the con-
sent of the Government to the large emigra-
tion which seeks, in the provident language
of their rulers, to improve their condition by
establishing a new home in other lands. Such
especially is the fact in Baden, Bremen, Han-
over, and perhaps other States.
The French decrees admit a favorable inter-
pretation also. The decree of 1811 was a war
measure, established when France was in con-
test with the whole of Europe, and that of
1859 when fighting for the unity and freedom
of Italy. Considered as interpretations of the
rights of nations in a period of war, they fur-
nish no reasonable ground of complaint. There '
is nothing in them that compels the French
Government to insist upon them in a period
of profound peace. On the contrary, it is but
just to assume that an enlightened ruler like
the Emperor of France, who has so constantly
appealed to the people as the support and
authority of his Government, and who has
so largely contributed to the late reorganiza-
tion of the State system of Europe, which has
been characterized by the most eminent oppo-
nents of Ihe empire as the grandest, revolution
of modern history, will recognize the differ-
ence between a period of war, when nations
contend for their existence, and a state of pro-
found peacc, as to the absolute power of the
Governments of modern times over the rights
of subjects. The reserved right of assent or
dissent which European States claim, ought to
be considered, not upon the basis of the polit-
ical systems of the middle ages, but in the
light of modern ideas and necessities.
EFFECTS Or EMIGRATION ON GOVERNMENTS.
The history of the past twenty years has
greatly changed the relations of nations to
each other and those of Governments to their
subjects; and among the active and powerful
agents in this revolution none is to be com-
pared in its results with that of emigration.
Every State has participated in it, and the
most important of them have sought and found
iu it security and relief. This is especially
true of the English Government. India and
America have borne from her millions of her
surplus population. Colonization extended
