1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
States, who is presumed to be conversant with
questions of law, and, therefore, there would
seem to be no impropriety in calling upon him
for a legal opinion. But recollect we are
now discussing a question of power, and in
nine cases out of ten, in nineteen out, of
twenty,_ it will relate to the Vice President of
the United States, the officer who ordinarily
will preside over trials of impeachment. I
cannot, therefore, think that it was intended
by the framers of the Constitution that our
presiding officer should decide for us any
question of law or of fact which may arise
during the trial. I think his duties are con-
fined to questions of order, the administration
of the rules which the Senate may adopt for
the purposes of the trial and to subserve the
ends of justice.
The Senator from Ohio hangs a doubt or a
question upon a single word in that clause of
the Constitution which says :
" The Vice President of the United States shall be
President of the Senate, but shall have no vote un-
less they be equally divided."
He seems to suppose that if that latter pro-
vision had not been contained in the clause
the Vice President would have been enabled to
vote upon all questions as a member of the
body. I do not understand it so. It is pos-
sible that the word "and" in that connection
would have left the sense clearer. I under-
stand that by that clause a power is conferred
upon him which he would not have possessed
without it; that that is its just construction,
that without such a provision he would have
been simply what he is declared to be in the
prior part of the clause, the Presiding Officer
of the body, charged with the duty of adminis-
tering its rules and preserving order. Now
turn to the first clause of the third section of
the same article:
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senator;:; from each State, chosen by t.lie
Legislature thereof, for six years; and eaoh Senator
shall have one vote."
The Senator from Ohio would argue that if
that last clause was not in some other signifi-
cation would have attached to that provision ;
for possibly those words are unnecessary;
possibly they are simply declaratory of what
would have been the meaning of the constitu-
tional provision without them. One thing is
certain, that by assigning a vote in any given
case to a public officer you are not to infer
anything about the vote he might have pos-
sessed in the absence of such a provision.
But the other clauses read by the Senator
from Michigan are, in my judgment, decisive.
First, the declaration of the persons who shall
constitute the Senuteofthe United States ; they
shall be two Senators from each State; and
then the clause with which we are mainly con-
cerned, the impeachment clause, as it relates to
the Senate.
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments.''
Of course; the Senate, constituted as the
Constitution provides in the previous clause.
They shall have—to wit: two Senators from
each State convened here—the sole power to
try all impeachments. Necessarily that power
is exclusive. If it be sole it must be exclusive,
also. Now, a part of the trial of an impeach-
ment, and a vital part of the trial of an im-
peachment, is the reception or regulation of
the evidence; and yet by this rule it is pro-
posed to permit the presiding officer to decide
those questions: to be sure, with a power of
icvision on appeal in the Senate itself; but the
leservation of that power makes no difference
in the argument. If you have a right to confer
upon the Presiding Officer of the Senate the
power to determine a question of evidence, I
suppose you would have the power to confer it
simply, without any appeal,without any power
of revision, by the body itself.
In the twenty-fourth rule provision is made
for the oath which is to be administered to the
members of the court. This oath is to be ad-
ministered "to the presiding officer and the
members of the Senate sitting as a high court
of impeachment.'' I object to that clause also.
and for similar reasons. It is manifestly im-
proper that you should apply an oath to try
the case, such as is provided in that rule to
the Presiding Officer of the Senate. I think
therefore that rule ought to be amended, and
when it is in order, I will make a motion to
strike out the words "presiding officer and,"
so that that oath shall be provided only for the
members of the Senate themselves. To be
sure, in the third rule there is an exception of
the Chief Justice of the United States from the
operation of that oath when he presides; but
the same reasoning applies to the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Precisely the same.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Precisely the same rea-
soning. I think, therefore, not to weary the
Senate with a prolonged speech, that, in order
to conform these rules to principle, in order to
conform them to the law of the land, we ought
to strike out that exception in the third article
of the Chief Justice; we ought to strike out this
latter clause of the seventh rule; and we ought to
amend the oath in the twenty-fourth rule. Then
you will have a simple and intelligible series of
rules ; so far as the relations of the Senate and
of the Chief Justice or other presiding officer
are concerned, you will have the power to try
the case clearly confined to the Senators who
constitute the court; and you will have proper
and adequate powers left to the presiding of-
ficer. Without these amendments, in my opin-
ion, these rules are open to most serious objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly did not wish
to give rise to a learned constitutional argu-
ment on a question of the mere order of busi-
ness. The Senator from Pennsylvania has
certainly gone a great way out of the point
before the Senate in starting various ques-
tions of constitutional law. The question with
me is simply as to the order of business : what,
order will most rapidly expedite the trial and
conduct it in due form and with propriety. It
seems to mc that the report of the committee,
made after consideration and examination and
when all were present, ought to have some
weight and consideration, and that now, at
this late hour, such a change is rather remark-
able.
Mr. President, let me warn Senators before-
hand on the effect of the change proposed in
this rule. Under the rule questions of evi-
dence may arise at every moment in the pros-
ecution of this trial. Every question may be
put by an ingenious lawyer so as to raise a
question of evidence. Give me the benefit of
the rule as Senators now propose to make it,
and I will prolong this trial, without a viola-
tion of your rule, for two months. I can raise
a question of evidence at every step. Every
interrogatory may be put so as to raise a ques-
tion of evidence ; and if you provide that be-
fore that question can be decided you must call
the yeas and nays and take the vote of the Sen-
ate, and any member may call for a division
of the Senate, you may prolong the trial greatly.
Itseemsto me theduty ofapresidingofficer—
your duty, sir, as Presiding Officer, or of the
Vice President, or of any other Presiding Offi-
cer who occupies your seat—whether we are in
executive session or on the trial of impeach-
ment or in legislative business, is to decide all
points of order as they arise. Points of order,
as they arise in legislative business, are pre-
cisely like questions of evidence in the trial
of causes. Questions of evidence, as they
arise in judicial proceedings, are points of
order. They are points of order upon the
form, the competency, and the relevancy of
testimony, just like questions of order of legis-
lative bodies. I certainly would not surrender
the power of the Senate over questions of evi-
dence, and it is sufficient that at any time, on
a suggestion of doubt by any member, the vote
may be taken. But to attempt now to restrain,
limit, and control the ordinary operations of
the presiding officer, by our rules, in advance
of this trial, it seems to me is extraordinary,
unusual, and unnatural. We give to the Pre-
siding Officer of this body always the power to
appoint committees, unless special objection
is made, unless some motion is made that
committees shall be formed in another way.
He decides all questions gf order. He is
allowed to do a great many things, simply as
a matter of courtesy, to expedite our business,
although the Vice President is not a member
of the body and cannot vote except in ease of
a tie.
It seems to me, therefore, that this rule,
which is in accordance with the usual custom
of all deliberative bodies, of all legislative
bodies, of all judicial bodies, to allow the pre-
siding officer to deflide a question promptly,
without delay, subject, however, to be revised
or reconsidered upon the motion of any mem-
ber, or subject to submission by him to the
body itself, is a proper and just rule, and any
departure from it is uncalled for and unneces-
sary. I do not think it raises a grave consti-
tutional question, or any question at all; be-
cause there is no doubt that the Senate may
pass upon questions of evidence if they choose
to do it; but certainly it will expedite the busi-
ness of the Senate and expedite the progress
of this trial if we allow the ordinary questions
to be decided as they arise by the Chief Justice,
subject, however, at any time to be submitted to
theSenateonthecallofasingle Senator. I must
say that I think the motion now made by the
Senator from Missouri, at this late stage of the
consideration of these rules, now sanctioned,
not by the committee, but by the chairman of
the committee, because a majority of the com-
mittee, I believe, are not present,, is remarka-
ble. A departure from the ordinary customs
and courtesies extended to presiding officers,
especially in a ease where the presiding officer
is made so by the Constitution of the United
States, the denial to him of the ordinary cour-
tesies and customs given in all legislative and
judicial bodies to a presiding officer, is a very
remarkable circumstance.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to askthe
Senator whether there was ever any such rule
in all the previous trials of impeachment. I
undertake to say there has never been any such
law or any such practice. This is a novelty,
entirely new. I would suggest to him again,
if he will refer to cases in England, he will
find for instance in the trial of the Queen,
which was a case analogous to the tiialof an
impeachment, that from the beginning to the
end of a most intricate case in which the facts
and evidence at great length were detailed, all
the questions were decided by the body itself;
they were submitted and voted upon one after
another without inconvenience and without
serious delay.
Mr. SHERMAN. Questions of evidence?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Questions of evidence
were constantly raised and decided without
any difiiculty. That is the answer to the Sen-
ator with regard to the question of inconven-
ience. Besides that, we have here in these
rules a guarantee against waste of time, which
did not prevail in that great trial—a provision
that these questions shall be determined by the
Senate without debate, by viva voce vote,
unless the yeas and nays are called, as they
would not be unless in the opinion of a Sena-
tor it was very doubtful. That is a guarantee
against waste of time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not intend to pro-
tract this discussion ; but I do not wish to be
understood as fully acquiescing in the con-
struction of the Constitution adopted by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. He reads the first
subdivision of the third section of the first
article of the Constitution, as follows:
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators froia each State, ehosesi by the
Legislature thereof, for six years; and each Senator
shall have one vote."
And argues that that constitutes a complete
and perfect definition of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. If I understand the Constitution,
that is not all of the Senate, because a subse-
quent portion of the same section says that
'• the Vice President of the United States shall
be President of the Senate so that he cou-
