1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3645
the requirements of a treaty stipulation came
within their province.
_ Let me, however, to illustrate, put an addi-
tional question, growing out of that instance,
to the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire. Suppose in that treaty Russia had said
that she would quiet all titles, as in a certain
sense she did say, which her citizens might
have, or rights in the fisheries, and suppose
interchangeably the United States had said
that if any American, squatter or otherwise,
asserted any claim there, that should be ex-
tinguished, would the honorable Senator say
that because that treaty had been consum-
mated, if some citizen came here with a griev-
ance saying, "I am one of-those cut off by
this treaty stipulation; I am one of those
deprived of what I otherwise might have had;
and therefore I ask recompense from my supe-
rior, from my Government, which has over-
slaughed my rights," would the honorable
Senator say that an appropriation to ratify
such a claim would be in pursuance of a treaty
stipulation, controlled and provided for by it,
so as to fall within this rule? Certainly he
would not say that. What would he say? He
would say, " Upon general principles of ethics,
upon general principles of good faith between
the Government and the citizen, here is a ques-
tion of recompense arising which ought to be
investigated; and if it is true that the Govern-
ment, in its march toward this treaty, has trod-
den down the rights of a citizen, the Govern-
ment will pause and stoop and repair those
rights which she has incidentally injured or
destroyed." That is what he would say; but
he would not say that it was subjcct to a treaty
stipulation, controlled and provided for by it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The Senator asks me a question. I would say
that the treaty could not be carried out in full
until the party by whose authority these grants
were to be made good had purchased the right
of the party possessing it previously.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is put upon that
ground, that runs into a discussion of themerits
of this case; and when we come to them I
think the Senator will need all his ability and
ingenuity to vindicate the propositions, first,
that the State of Maine owned this disputed
territory, the object of the treaty being to de-
termine whether she did or not; and, second,
that the State of Maine as a State, or the peo-
ple of Maine as a community, had ^ right to
interpose and say, "We arrest the execution
of this treaty; it is not completely executed
until we release our citizens." I think both
of these propositions will need as able a defense
as my friend can give.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
And to dispute them successfully will need all
the genius my friend from New York possesses.
I think the treaty cannot be successfully car-
ried out until the Government pays the State
of Maine for private property it took from her
for the purpose of consummating the treaty,
and it could not have consummated the treaty,
could not have secured the assent of the com-
missioners of Maine and Massachusetts until
it had agreed to do that. It is of the very
essence of the treaty and of justice itself that
this Go vernment should come up and meet the
obligation which it laid itself under when it
made the treaty.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the view taken of this
matter by the Senator from New Hampshire
and the Senator from Maine is obviously right.
I take it to be a plain proposition whether a
treaty stipulation on the part of the United
States shall be executed or not; and I think
that this appropriation of money is certainly
plainly and unquestionably in the course of the
execution of the stipulation in the Ashburton
treaty. This matter has been up before the
Senate repeatedly, and the only doubt upon
my mind heretofore was on a very different
point. I had no doubt that the territory ceded
from the Stale of Maine to the United States
was from .1783 within the limits of the Slate
of Massachusetts ; and the doubt in my mind
was whether a treaty could be formed at all
between the United States Government and a
foreign Government that would deprive a State
of any portion of its territory. But when the
United States stipulates to make good the title
to the ceded country to Great Britain—and this
can only be done by procuring the consent of
the State of Maine and the consent of the cit-
izens of the State of Maine who owned the
land that was ceded—I cannot conceive the
least difficulty in assuming the position that an
appropriation to pay for that land is an appro-
priation in execution of a treaty. I do not
think there is any room for doubt at all.
I think it is in two senses a proper proposi-
tion for appropriation. In the first place, the
treaty is the supreme law of the land, and is
made so by the Constitution itself. In that
sense the treaty is the law of the land; and
this being in the course of the execution of the
treaty is necessarily in the course of the exe-
cution of the law. I do not think there can be
any reasonable doubt about the proposition
that this is a plain proposition to appropriate
money in the execution of a law of the United
States, and is not proscribed by the rule of the
Senate which is relied upon to have that effect.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make one other
brief observation. It seems to me that the
rule of the Senate should not be extended
beyond its natural import and signification.
It is a rule in restriction of the business of the
Senate and in restriction of the rights of Sena-
tors. It should, therefore, be construed liter-
ally, so as to restrict as little as possible. Now,
I insist, that in the absence of any specific
phrase in this rule applicable to a State, the
rule cannot be applied to the claim of a State.
I insist that the claim of a State, in the view
of Congress and of its rules, can be in no sense
a private claim. I may be wrong in that; but
I cannot see the point otherwise. But, sir, I
will say nothing more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
amendment under . the thirtieth rule of the
Senate in order?
The question being submitted, it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes twenty-five, noes not
counted.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President-
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator from
Pennsylvania desires to speak on the amend-
ment, and I wish to have a short executive
session, I will submit the motion.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 910) for the relief of the
grantees of Ann D. Durding;
A bill (H. R. No. 1131) regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases for the protection
of officers and agents of the Government, and
for the better defense of the Treasury against
unlawful claims;
A bill (H. R. No. 1344) to confirm certain
private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm the title
to certain land to the Pueblo of Santa Ana, in
the Territory of New Mexico; and
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 321) in rela-
tion to the erection of a bridge in Boston
harbor.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 166) for the relief of the onisrs
of the land within the United Stales survey No.
3217, in the State of Missouri; and
A bill (S. No. 469) confirming the title to a
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa.
bill introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 584) relating to the finding of indictments
in the courts of the United States in the late
rebel States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
aud ordered to be printed.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. FOWLER and Mr. HARLAN submitted
amendments^ intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R._No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened at five o'clock, and the Senate took
a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a copy of a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
asking an appropriation for the purpose of pay-
ing the extra and temporary clerks that are
absolutely necessary to carry on the business of
the Indian Bureau for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1869; which was referred to the Com -
mittee on Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
copy of a communication from the disbursing
clerk of that Department, relative to certain
reductions from the amounts estimated for in
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, now pending before Congress ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
house bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm the title
to certain land to the Pueblo of Santa Ana
in the Territory of New Mexico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1344) to confirm certain
private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico; aud
A bill (H. R. No. 910) for the relief of the
grantees of Ann D. Durding.
The bill (H.R. No. 1131) regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases for the protection
of officers and agents of the Government and
for the better defense of the Treasury against
unlawful claims was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 321) in rela-
tion to the erection of a bridge in Boston har-
bor was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
house assistant librarian.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is a reso-
lution from the House of Representatives which,
on my motion, was laid on the table a few days
ago, in regard to the Assistant Librarian of the
House. I am desired to ask for the present
consideration of it, and I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 312) relative to the pay
of the Assistant Librarian of the House was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that for the present Congress, com-
mencing therewith, the Clerk is directed to pay
from the contingent fund of the House, to the
Assistant Librarian in charge of the Hall Li-
brary, the difference between his present pay
and the pay of the file, printing, and engrossing
clerks. *
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and ]
