3646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
colonel james a. mulligan.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1129.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 1129) for the relief of the widow and
children of Colonel James A. Mulligan, de-
ceased, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The preamble to the bill recites that
James. A. Mulligan, on the 15th of June, 1861,
was mustered into the service of the United
States as colonel of the twenty-third Illinois in-
fantry, known as the Irish Brigade, marched to
the front in July, 1861, and from that time, ex-
cepting two months when a prisoner of war, was
actively engaged in the military service of the
Republic against armed rebels until he fell on
the battle-field of Winchester, on the 26th day
of July, 1864; that during two years of that
military service he was assigned to the com-
mand of brigades and divisions, and performed
the duties of brigadier and major general, but
only received the pay of a colonel; that his
widow and children are justly entitled to, and
need for their support, the amount of pay
which he would have received if he had been
commissioned according to his respective com-
mands in the lield. In consideration of the
premises the bill proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Marian Mulli-
gan, widow of Colonel James A. Mulligan, the
sum of $5,000, out of the money appropriated
for the pay of the Army.
Mr. FliELI N6HU1*SEN. Mr. President,
there is a report accompanying this bill which
I do not know that it is necessary to read, f
will, however, make a statement in reference
to the case.
The report briefly sets forth the facts of the
case, and closes without any recommendation,
leaving it to the judgment of the Senate
whether the bill shall pass. The Committee
on Claims took this course, not because they
doubted the propriety of the bill, but because
they feared that those having other cases
might not discriminate them although rad-
ically distinguishable from this, and that this
might thus be held as a precedent.
The circumstances of the claim, are these:
Colonel Mulligan was a promising young law-
yer of Chicago, ot Irish descent. Early in
the rebellion he enlisted in the cause ol the
country and succeeded in raising a rogiment,
principally of irishmen, eight hundred strong,
and with the colors of the Union and the Irish
flag floating together in his ranks he marched
out of Chicago. lie was given the command
of Lexington, in Missouri ; and there, with a
iorce of twenty-five hundred men, resisted for
a number of days an army of ten thousand
rebels commanded by General Price; and he
only surrendered when his men were fainting
lor the want of water and alter he hadliredlns
last cartridge. His skill and biavery on that
occasion attracted the notice and admiration
of the country, and Congress passed a vote of
thanks to him and directed ''Lexington'1 to
be inscribed on his colors.
Three years after this, in 1864, he fell at
Winchester, mortally wounded. His brother-
in-law, the .brother of his widow, a youth of
about twenty years, came to his rescue, and he
was shot down. There is an incident connected
with General Mulligan's death which is worth
recording. As his aids gathered around him
to carry him from the field he used these
words, ''Lay me down and save the flag;" and
those woids have entered into the melodies of
the country.
But in all this I do not know that the case
is distinguishable from that of many other offi-
cers and soldiers who have bravely fallen before
the flaming line of battle and left nothing but
a legacy ot sorrow and penury to their families.
Colonel Mulligan's case is distinguishable from
others, however, in this, that early in the rebel-
lion by liis enthusiastic adoption of the cause
of the country at a most critical period he gave
direction to the sentiment of the foreign ele-
ment of this country, and thereby secured for
us many valuable soldiers; and to-day the fact
that those of foreign birth will fight the battles
of this country has no insignificant influence
on our relations with foreign countries ; and 1
think it is eminently proper and wise that we
should pay a tribute to that sentiment by eon
ferring a benefit upon the widow and children
of him who is a representative man.
Besides all this, Colonel Mulligan did not
perform the duties of a colonel, but for three
years he discharged the duties of a brigadier
general and of a major general; and the differ-
ence between his pay as a colonel and that of
brigadier general during the period is $6,700;
and all that is asked is $5,000. And he
stands, too, upon the roll during this whole
period as a brigadier general, that commission
having been conferred upon him at his death;
and 1 may also observe that he was offered a
commission as brigadier general and refused it
because of his honorary obligations to his regi-
ment to remain their colonel. Now, sir, that
case may safely be made a precedent. If any
officer of the Army has discharged the duties
of a brigadier general through his whole course,
if he stands upon the roll commissioned as a
brigadier geueial, no matter when the commis-
sion was given him, and if he was actually
tendered such a commission and refused it, let
him receive the pay of a brigadier general.
There is how and then a case where it is wise
to act from our first generous impulses rather
than from cold economical calculations; and
this is one of those cases. I might go on and
say that Colonel Mulligan expended all his
pro'perty for his country; but as we are only
asking the pay of a soldier and not charity, I
do not think it necessary to enter into these
considerations.
We cannot now by our action reach him ; he
has nobly done his work and gone to his rest;
but we can benefit those who were dearer to
him than self by performing an act of generous
justice.
Mr, YATES. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to add anything to what has been so well
and so eloquently said by the Senator from
New Jersey, but I rise simply to say that Gen-
eral Grant has recommended that this appro-
priation be made, and to state another fact
connected with the biography of Colonel Mul-
ligan. He presented himself at the office of
the Governor of Illinois with his regiment, but
so many troops offered themselves there that
many had to be declined. So anxious, so per-
sistent was he in his desire to enter the service,
that he procured letters from Mr. Douglas, he
came on to Washington, and got the consent of
the President, Mr. Lincoln, to raise his regi-
ment. All that I have to say is that he is one ]
of the lioblestmen in the memory of thepeople
of Illinois. lie was one of the first to enter
the service at the head of his Irish regiment,
and he afterward commanded a brigade, and j
then commanded as major general. At the '
siege of Lexington he rendered service which,
as the Senator from New Jersey well remarks,
the country remembers with joy and gratitude.
I sincerely hope that this bill will pass by a
unanimous vote.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
martha m. joxes.
Mr. TIIAYlill. I move to take up House
bill No. 780, for the relief of Martha M. Jones,
administratrix of- Samuel T. Jones.
Mr. WILLBY. That is a bill which comes
from the Committee on Patents, and it involves
questions of a great deal of interest to the
community. I understand from the Senator
from Nebraska that he proposes to object to
the amendment reported by the Senate Com-
mittee on Patents, and to insist on the passage
of the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. The report was prepared by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.] The
papers connected with it have been in his hands ,
ever since the report was made. It is a case i
in which he has expressed to me a good deal i
ol interest. It is a case which he has exam- i
ined very thoroughly. Certain facts obtained
by myself from the Patent Office since the
report was made to the Senate, bearing very
materially, as I conceive, on the merits of the
case, were placed by me in his hands. He is
not here to-night. I understand that he has
probably gone home. That is the best inform-
ation I can get in respect to him. The matter
was acted upon in the committee two or three
months ago, and I have partially forgotten the
facta, I only recollect the case from a very
distinct conviction that I had that the report
of the committee recommending the amend-
ment proposed was right, and that the bill
ought not to pass as it came from the House
of Representatives.
I submit to the Senate whether, under these
circumstances, when the Senator from Con-
necticut, having charge of the bill, who has
the evidence in his possession, is not here, the
bill should be taken up. I can say that the
bill involves very considerable interests, either
belonging to the persons desiring this action
on the part of Congress or to the community
at large, for investmentshave been made in the
manufacture of the article patented, and it
seems to me but just to the community that the
matter should be thoroughly investigated and
thoroughly heard before the Senate. This in-
vestigation has been particularly made by the
Senator from Connecticut. He has the facts
in his hands, and the evidence in his posses-
sion, and 1 know not where to procure them.
He is not here now, and 1 submit to the Senate
whether, under the circumstances, it is proper
to take up for consideration the case in his
absence.
Mr. CONNESS. I happened, sir, yester-
day, as I do every day, to be seated by the side
of the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
now absent. He had this bill upon his desk
and was very anxious to get it up. I chatted
with him in regard to it, and I said to him,
" We will take it up, Mr. ferry, and act upon
it while you are absent, just as well as when
you are here." He did not develop any feel-
ing, I believe, or any disposition particularly
in regard to it, and I hope we shall take up the
bill and act on it.
Mr. THAYER. There has been an under-
standing between the Senator from Connecti-
cut and myself that he would bring up this bill
at the very first opportunity. We have spoken
daily abojjt it for several days past, and 1 tried
to get the floor yesterday and the day before
yesterday for the purpose of bringing up this
bill, but failed to do so. To-day was the first
time when I succeeded. I had no knowledge
of the absence of the Senator from Connecti-
cut to-day when X made the motion for an even-
ing session for the purpose of acting on this
bill. I do not know now that he has left the
city, but 1 have observed, my attention being
called to it by the chairman of the Committee
on Patents, the Senator from West Virginia,
or by his asking me if I knew where Mr. Ferry
was, that he is not in his seat. If he was about
to leave the city for a number of days it cer-
tainly was due to myself and to the Seriate that
he should have notified me if he wanted the
bill to be delayed until his return.
Mr. POMEROY. It is so near the close of
the session that I think the absence of a Sena-
tor is not sufficient reason for delaying the con-
sideration of a bill.
Mr. WILLEY. Whether the Senate take
up the bill or not I believe it my duty to sub-
mit the case to them, having a distinct and
unequivocal conviction that this bill ought not
to pass as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. Having submitted the whole mat-
ter to the Senator from Connecticut, it being
understood that he was to take it in charge,
and having placed all the evidence in his pos-
session, I am not prepared in his absence to
take it up. After the Committee on Patents,
upon investigation, have reported an amend-
ment and suggested their opinion to the Senate,
that the bill as it came from the other House
ought not to pass, I submit whether it is fair
to the Senator from Connecticut, and fair to
