2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May ;28,
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rale, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CARY: A memorial of 48 mem-
bers cf the Ohio Legislature, praying that Con-
gress may pass a law to prevent the construc-
tion of bridges hereafter across the Ohio river
having a less span across the main channel
thereof than five hundred feet.
Also, the action of the' merchants, manufac-
turers, and others, citizens of Cincinnati, on the
same subject.
Also, the opinion of 58 Ohio river pilots, on
the same subject.
Also, the proceedings of the Cincinnati Board
of Underwriters, on the same subject.'
Also, a memorial of 90 cigar-makers of Cin-
cinnati, protesting against any increase of tax
on cigars.
By Mr. DAWES: The remonstrance of
* Hinsdale Smith and others, against a change
in the tax on cigars.
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of Eli Long.
By Mr. HALSKY: The petition of cattle
brokers of Hudson county, fifth district New
Jersey, asking Congress to reduce the tax on
their business.
By Mr. HOTCHKfSS: The petition of Wil-
liam H. Coen and others, of Waterhury, Con-
necticut, in reference to tax on cigars.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of 25 workers in Brighton paper-
mill, in Beaver county, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that owing to foreign competition their
industry is greatly depressed, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also,-the petition of 42 workingmen of New
Castle, Pennsylvania, praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of David Beal and44 others,
farmers and mechanics of Hanover township,
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
Also, the petition of Captain Daniel Daw-
son and 61 others, farmers and mechanics of
Ohio township, Beaver county, Pennsylvania,
complaining of the depression of industry, and
praying for such increase of protective duties
as will revive manufactures and restore pros-
perity to the country.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of cigar-
makers, relating to the tax on cigars.
By Mr. McCAliTHY: The petition of 150
cigar manufacturers, journey men cigar-makers,
and dealers of Syracuse, New York, against an
increase of taxation on cigars, and in favor of a
revenue stamp instead of the present inspect-
or's stamp.
By Mr. MOORE: The petitions of 114 glass
workers, in Millville, New Jersey, setting forth
that owing to foreign competition their industry
is greatly depressed, and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 39 workers in glassware
at.Bridgeton, New Jersey, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed, and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 138 workers in Camden
iron works, at Camden, New Jersey, setting
forth that owing to foreign competition their
industry is greatly depressed, and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 49 workers in Clayton
glass works, New Jersey, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 28 workers in Gibbs-
boro white lead works, Camden county, New
Jersey, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed,
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 110 workers in Whit-
ney glass works, Glassboro, New Jersey, set-
ting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed, and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective auties._
Also, the petition of John J. Githens and
25 others, glass-blowers, of Ateo, New Jersey,
setting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed, and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of John W. Parrell and
31 others, workers in Nesocochague paper-
mill, Atlantic county, New Jersey, complain-
ing of the depression of industry, and praying
for additional protective duties.
By Mr. MOOR1IEAD : The petition of 756
iron-workers in eleven iron-mills in Pittsburg.
Pennsylvania, setting forth that, owing to for-
eign competition, their industry is greatly de-
pressed, and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of John Winton and 68
others, glass-blowers in Birmingham, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that, owing to foreign
competition, their industry is greatly depressed,
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 208 glass-workers in
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, setting forth that,
owing to foreign competition, their industry is
greatly depressed, and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 64 citizens of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying for such increase of pro-
tective duties.as will revive manufactures and
restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of 65 workers in Fulton
machine works and Enterprise foundry, at
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of William Adams and 174
others, workingmen of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing to for-
eign competition their industry is greatly de-
pressed, and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 466 workers in iron and
steel and brass at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, rep-
resenting that owing to foreign competition their
industry is greatly depressed, and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of John Cleland and 48
others, coal-workers at Braddock's Fields,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of 52 brushmakers and
others, workers in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, 'set-
ting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed, ana many
of the trade are out of employment, and
praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of Christopher Deemerand
83 others, workingmen of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of Samuel Tretheway and
20 others, workers in the Crescent steel works
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
Also", the petition of 87 workers in queens-
ware and other factories of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of Thomas I. Christian and
others, operatives in Hope cotton-mills, at Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, complaining of depression
industry, and praying for additional protect-
lv© duties.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of cigar
manufacturers, journeymen cigar-makers, and
dealers in leaf tobacco, of Lehigh county,
Pennsylvania, against altering the present
system of taxing cigars.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of
Samuel Etchelle and 30 others, workingmen
of New Castle, Delaware, praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
By Mr. PERHAM : The petition of John W.
Harris, for pay as pilot from November, 1862,
to April 20, 1803.
By Mr. PRUYN: The remonstrance of M.
Strasser and 56 others, of Albany, New York,
against any increase in the internal revenue
lax on cigars.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of John B. Sizer'and others, of New London,
Connecticut, cigar manufacturers, cigar deal-
ers, &c., against increasing the tax on cigars.
By Mr. STEWART: A memorial of the New
York Produce Exchange, for an appropriation
for the improvement ol the harbor of Buffalo.
Also, a memorial of the American Geograph-
ical and Statistical Society, of New York,
requesting a scientific expedition to Alaska.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 28, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Jourflal of yesterday was read and
approved.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT—PRIVILEGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed as
members of the committee provided for by the
resolution of the Senate of yesterday, Mr.
Bcckalew, Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Chand-
ler, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Thayer.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives yesterday were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 198) to reestablish the
boundaries of the collection districts of Michi-
gan and Mackinac, and to change the names
of the collection districts of Michilimackinac
and Port Huron;
A bill (H. R. No. 375) to repeal an act ap-
proved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act to
regulate the disposition of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures received under the laws relating to
the customs, and for other purposes," and to
amend certain acts for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in the revenue, and for the
prevention of smuggling;
A bill (H. R. No. 1119) for the registration
or enrollment of certain foreign vessels ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels.
The joint resolution (H. Jl. No. 96) for the
relief of John Sedgwick, collector of internal
reventfe third district, California, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I have
received and been requested to present to
the Senate an appeal addressed to. the Senate
of the United States in behalf of the con-
servative people of South Carolina, against the
adoption by Congress of the new constitution
proposed for that State. It is signed by the
State Central Executive Committee represent-
ing those people in South Carolina. It is a
well written paper, and discusses among other
things the Constitution in reference to certain
statistics and facts on the subject of taxation.
The memorial I desire to have referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, who have the mat-
ter in charge, and I beg to call the attention
of the committee to its statements. It seems
to be calmly written and a very able document
so far as I can judge. I believe the statement
therein contained will be found to be entirely
accurate.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Mrs. Emma M. Moore, widow of Lieutenant
John W. Cox, of the United States Navy, and
of the late Senior Captain E. W. Moore, of
