98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of Committee on Foreign Affairs.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
her power, and the independence of the States
she planted contributed much to her com-
mercial supremacy. It has not only strength-
ened her outward power, but relieved her of
the evil of an over-crowded kingdom. She
was taught by her own writers that her people
•would be too numerous for her means of sup-
port, that laborers would exceed the demand
for labor. Nothing quieted this universal
apprehension so much as plans for extensive
emigration. Except in the case of her colonies
the Government had done little directly to
encourage it. Private enterprise had directed
its movements and supplied its necessities. But
it became necessary to elevate emigration from
a private enterprise to a public and national
measure. Committees were appointed by the
Ilouse of Commons which recommended na-
tional systems of emigration; schemes of col-
onization like those practiced by earlier nations,
by which, for the relief and security of the
empire, whole communities were to be de-
ported at once and occupations and homes
provided for them, were advocated in Parlia-
ment and by public journals. Advances for this
purpose were proposed from public taxes, to
be repaid by emigrants. It was estimated in
Parliament that an annual appropriation of
£2-10,000 would be required to carry off the sur-
plus of unemployed people, who would other-
wise be an intolerable burden to the Govern-
ment. Although this was done under the
pretense of colonization, it was in reality a
plan of deportation or emigration, without
special regard to the countries to which the
emigrants should be carried, The famine of
1848 made it necessary that the excess of Irish
population especially should be reduced by
emigration. The officers of the Government
were authorized to borrow money for the pur-
pose of advancing loans to such emigrants, to
be repaid in five or seven years, and immense
sums were raised for this purpose upon this
public authority. Under the influence of such
measures emigration increased from the British
empire from eighty-three thousand persons in
1831 to three hundred and thirty-six thousand
in 1857, and has continued to increase to this
day.
The result was an immediate relief to the
destitute, and increased work and wages for
those in want. This was conspicuous in Ireland,
where excess of population over the supply of
food and of employment led to disorder, crime,
and public discontent. "From Ireland," says
an eminent authority, "the tide of emigration
was directed not so much to the colonies as to
the United States, which they seemed to con-
sider as their home next to their own island."
The great emigration from 1846 to 1854, which
alarmed English politicians and threatened to
depopulate Ireland, it is said again, "only re-
dounded to the public advantage by raising
wages and improving the condition of those who
remained." "Of all those who have left our
shores none have been so greatly benefited as
the Irish, whose sole possession and inheritance
was the sad one of deportation. For them no
work was too arduous, no difficulty too great;
and in their new homes they roused themselves
like giants from the sleep of years."
This exodus of a nation accomplished all that
was anticipated, and has been a subject of uni-
versal congratulation among English statesmen.
England profited by it in many ways. The
money remitted by her emigrants in ten years,
from 1848 to 1858, through English commercial
banking houses, upon their own statements to
the Government, was about ten million pounds
sterling, (£9,937,000,) nearly fifty million dol-
lars, or five millions yearly. These remittances
have probably been trebled in the ten years suc-
ceeding 1857. Thus the opponents of these Irish
people found their deportation advantageous,
while their friends were encouraged to hope for
their speedy and complete regeneration.
The interest of the British Government in
this national enterprise was beyond considera-
tions of pecuniary advantage. Had she for-
bidden the emigration of her subjects, as she
was bound in honor to do if she intended to
enforce her claim to their service upon her
theory of indefeasible allegiance, it would have
added ten or twelve millions to the popula-
tion of Ireland, and to that extent increased
the evils of labor without employment, people
withoutfood, of misery and crime, the precursor
of riot or revolution? and she would have been
compelled to choose between a change of her
policy towards Ireland or the extinction of an
entire race of her people by violence. From
such evils she'has been preserved by the bene-
ficial results of peaceful emigration to Amer-
ica. It was with good reason that Lord
Ashburton described this emigration as "the
modern means by which the population of the
world found its level, for the benefit of all and
eminently for the benefit of humanity."
Emigration from the German States has been
nearly in equal proportions, though prompted
by very different motives. But it has been
■attended with equally beneficial results.
_ Europe has exported to the United States
since 1790 six miliion six hundred and forty
thousand of its subjects. They and their de-
scendants now number more than twenty mil-
lions. She has received from them in remit-
tances of money £50,000,000 sterling. She
monopolized the carrying trade which was thus
created. Mr. J. J. Sturz, a German author,
long connected with this interest, says that
of one thousand and seventy round voyages
between Europe and North America made in
1805, by about ninety steamships belonging to
fifteen European steamship companies, (ten
English, three French, two German,) there was
but one voyage made under the American flag.*
The same writer reported twenty-two new
steamers on the stocks in Europe destined for
this trade. A table from the Bureau of Sta-
tistics, appended to this report, shows that for
the quarter ending September 30, 18G7, the
number_ of emigrants brought to the United
States in European vessels was eighty-six
thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven (in-
cluding fifteen thousand throe hundred and
six, from British America, imported there in
European vessels,) and only eight thousand two
hundred and twenty-five in American vessels.
The character of the people gives another
indication of the advantage that foreign Gov-
ernments derive from this emigration. Steer-
age passengers crowd the vessels from Europe
to America, but they take none back from
America to Europe. And this is done under
the eye of foreign Governments. Every possi-
ble aid, public and private, with statute regu-
lations and official protection and subsidy, has
been given to this work, so essential to public
security and profitable for private enterprise.
It 13, therefore, a continuing prosperity for
Europe, political, economical, and financial.
The disparity between European and Ameri-
can participation therein is likely to be per-
petual. No preparation is made by American
governments, State or national, or by her
steamship owners or navigators, to share in
this traffic, which numbers three hundred and
fifty thousand passengers yearly, and is not
unlikely, under the stimulants of public and
private enterprise, to reach half a million.
In the presence of such facts is it to be asked
whether European Governments have "con-
sented" to the exodus of these nations from
her shores? Is an emigrant who came here
in the steerage and returns a regenerated man
to the home of his fathers to be told that he
"is a deserter," has been absent without con-
sent or knowledge of his Government, and is
to serve the balance of his life in her armies or
to work out his share of her debts incurred in
/Suggestions for the Encouragement" of Emigra-
tion, by J, J. feturz, Washington, 1). C„ 1866.
his absence? Is a family of the second or the
third generation—for such is the law—to be
told that they, too, owe service to the Govern-
ment from which they escaped without leave,
and can never return to the hearth-stones or
the graves of their ancestors? The pretension
is preposterous and the inquiry offensive to
justice and decency. Every State is bound
to know what is done within its jurisdiction,
at least what it does, and to accept the legiti-
mate consequences of its acts.
The emigrants of Europe it may be were
sent here to die ; but it was also possible they
might live. There was at least a chance for
that. Their return to a country which they
had abandoned because of its excess of popu-
lation and its scarcity of employment and food
could not reasonably have been expected. No
stipulations were made of that character at
least. It was possible that here in America
they would find vacant space, comfortable shel-
ter, healthy food, remunerative employment,
and thus preserve, at least, the life God gave
them—the only valuable tiling they brought
with them. Having escaped death by famine,
and conquered for themselves a home and free-
dom, if not fortune and fame; having been
counted among rulers in this country; who is
able to satisfy them that they are here without
authority, and that upon the theory of the oath
made by the land barons to William the Con-
queror and Charlemagne in the Middle Ages
they are yet subjects of the States they and
their fathers abandoned, because life was a
burden, and now owe them service of mind
and heart, of life and limb? Allegiance is not
duo to a State unable or unwilling to protect
its subjects. Incapacity or disinclination is in
itself an absolution from the obligation.
But it is not necessary to show the active
participation of Governments in this history to
relieve emigrants from this bondage of feudal
allegiance. It is a well settled principle of
public law that sovereigns and subjects arc
bound by acts which receive their implied
sanction. Silence in this case is the equivalent
of express consent. It is implied when it is
manifested by signs, acts, or facts, or by inac-
tion or silence, which indicate consent. The
law of nations is founded upon the general eon-
sent of nations, whether it be express, tacit,
or presumed. (Ileffter, page 3.) The sources
of international law are conventions or treaties
expressly or tacitly made. The latter have
their origin in the actions or customs of Slates,
(lvl'dber, pages^ 5-18-3.) A nation can pledge
its faith tacitly in making treaties as well as by
express declaration. It is enough that its faith
is given. The manner is unimportant. (2 Yat-
tel, page 231.)
When a nation is discontented with public
administration it has a right to reform it. But
it they are themselves silent and obedient they
arc judged to approve the conduct of their su-
periors, and a fragment of the people cannot
resist it. (1 Vattel, 164, 109.) Biaekslone
says that ^ the consent of the Crown to corpor-
ations which exist by force of common law is
implied. Kings are presumed to have given
then- concurrence. The city of London, which
has long existed, is looked upon as having the
consent of the Crown; tor though no charter
can be shown the law presumes one. and that
it may have been lost or destroyed." 13 Com-
mentaries, 129.) The silence of a nation is
received as its consent when it has liberty to
accord or refuse it. (Pinlieiro Ferreira.)
Ihts is universal law. To deny it would
unsettle all compacts, public and private. If
this doctrine bo good against a people who have
not power to control what they may dislike,
or against defunct monarchs who cannot deny
such presumptions, it is hotter against Govern-
ments who are present with power to inhibit
and prevent acts which they do not approve,
jt will not be denied that emigration from
Europe to the United States has been accom*
