214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
when the suras of money thus appropriated and
used ought to come either from the party or
from the pockets of the members who issue the
documents. This $50,000 is, I presume, a
deficiency for the fiscal year ending June, 1867,
or it would not appear here.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to correct the
mistake of my friend. He speaks of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867. This is for the
fiscal year ending June, 1868—for the present
current fiscal year.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the Clerk read the bill?
Mr. MAYNARD. I was about to call atten-
tion to that fact. I have the bill here.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the disadvantage of
putting through bills without our being able to
see them in print.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill appropriates
money to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868—_
the current year.
Mr. BROOKS. Why then does this item
appear here in a separate bill? Why is it
brought in at this particular moment separated i
from all other deficiencies? Why not wait for ;
the regular appropriation bill when all ,the
estimates for 1SG8 come in?
Mr. MAYNARD. We have already appro- '
priated in the iast Congress for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868. This winter our appropri-
ations will be for the fiscal year beginning on
the 1st of July next.
Mr. BROOKS. Is this a deficiency in the
appropriations already made for the current
fiscal year ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; for the present,
the current fiscal year.
Mr. BROOKS. Can the gentleman tell me
what was the regular appropriation for the
folding-room for this fiscal year without this
$50,000?
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot state it at this
moment without reference to the statute. My
memory of these details is not very reliable.
Mr. BROOKS. I have done my duty in
calling the attention of the House to these
appropriations, and I mean to observe them as
we go on; and I hope to have the attention
and aid of the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne.] I sit down with theT
observation that the expenditures of the last
fiscal year for the support of the two Houses
of Congress alone amount to $3,000,000—a
gigantic and enormous sum, being about one
iourth of the amount of the entire expend-
itures of this Government during the Adams
administration, when the Adams administra-
tion was ejected from power mainly for its
extravagance and waste of the public money.
The expenditures of Congress, I repeat,
amount now to $3,000,000 a year. I have
called attention to this deficiency bill in the
beginning in order, if possible, to correct this
enormous appropriation for the two Houses of
Congress, merely for the publication and print-
ing and other uses of members who occupy the
floors of the two Houses of Congress-
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] who seems to have charge of this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon ; I have not charge of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I will ask any mem-
ber of the committee whether tirtre has been
yet assumed any indebtedness on the part of
the Government which this appropriation is
required to pay; in other words, whether the
Government is now indebted to the extent of
§50,000, for which this appropriation is asked?
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot answer the gen-
tleman specifically, but I presume not. My
object in rising before was to explain what
seemed to me to be a misapprehension about
what constituted a deficiency bill. It seemed
to be understood that it was necessarily to
replace money illegally spent, spent without
authority of law. I do not so understand it.
it is simply that last year we failed to appro-
priate as much for this particular purpose as
experience now shows will be needed for the
current year.
Mr. RANDALL. Then this is not for a
debt already incurred by the Government; but
it is an appropriation for the folding-room for
the distribution of documents. The members,
I believe, pay for printing their speeches ; but
the expense of folding them, putting them in
envelopes, and sealing them is borne by the
Government. It seems to me that this abuse
should stop right here. If members want to
distribute their speeches they should pay for
the envelopes and for putting their speeches in
the envelopes. And as this appropriation bill
provides that members shall be at the liberty
of putting the Government to that expense,
and contains an appropriation to meet that
expense, I think it is the duty of this com-
mittee to vote down this appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. The item of expense for
folding speeches is a very small matter. The
great item of expense is the folding of the
large number of volumes sent out of agricul-
tural reports, Patent Office reports, depart-
mental reports, &c. Is the gentleman willing
to have that stopped ?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, I am willing to stop
every dollar of unnecessary expense.
Mr. MAYNARD. What will the gentleman
do with the books?
Mr. RANDALL. Take the books home and
distribute them myself.
Mr. MAYNARD. If .the gentleman has a
private estate he may be able to do it.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no private estate,
but I have industry. [Laughter. ]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Wehave
now had the annual commentary, the peren-
nial clamor, over this appropriation bill, and
it is all right and very refreshing. There were
some few sentences which I had forgotten since
the last session ; but very few, however. I
am glad to hear them again, for it is very re- ]
freshing. J
I now send to the Clerk's desk and ask to
have read a letter from the Clerk of the House
of .Representatives; and then I propose to
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate on this paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
Clekk's Office,
Hons® or Representatives United States,
washington, d. c., December 4, 1867.
Sir: There will be required to be appropriated to
supply deficiencies in the contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States lor
the present fiscal year the following sums, namely
for stationery, $15,000; for furniture, repairs, and
packing boxes for members, $20,000; for newspapers,
$12,500; for miscellaneousitems, $15,000; and for fold-
ing documents, including materials, $50,000. The
deficiencies for newspapers and stationery were occa-
sioned by order of the House of July 5, 1867; that for
folding documents, by order of the House of Repre-
sentatives of July 9.1867, retainingccrtain employes
during the late recEss, and for materials used in the
distribution of documents; that for miscellaneous
items, by the payment of expenses of investigating
committees; and that forfurniture, repairs, and pack-
ing boxes, by thenecessaryrecarpetingof committee
and other rooms, the purchase of matting and other
material for the Hall at the summer session, by the
recushioningof thegalleries and the purchase of new
sofas and extra chairs for the Hall,
V ery respectfully,
edward Mcpherson,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman, &c.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Broomall re-
ported thatthe Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union having, according to order,
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 309)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government lor the fiscal year ending the 30th
day of June, 1868, had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on this bill all debate on the '
pending paragraph terminate in two minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in order now to move
that the bill be printed, together with the letter
of the Clerk?
The SPEAKER. The bill is in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, not in the House.
On the motion of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, there were—ayes 57, noes 30; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers.
Mr. BROOKS. In orderto ascertain whether
an important appropriation bill is to be put
through without being printed, and with no
debate, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 37, not voting
07 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Hanks, Bcaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Cary, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Dixon. Don-
nelly, Eckley, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Fields,
(iarlield, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D.Hubbard, Ilulburd, Ingersoll, Judd, Ju-
lian, ICelley, Ketcham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McClurg, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrell, Mulling,
Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Taylor. Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T.
Van Horn, Cadwalnder C. Washburn, Elihu B.
, Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr,
Coburn, Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, Hotckkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Ilunter,
Jones, Kerr, Koontz. Loan, Marshall, Niblack,
Orth, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross. Sit-
greaves. Trowbridge, Van Aukcn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Wood, and Woodward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Bailey,
Benton, Blair, Boutwell.Bromwell, Buck land, Butler,
Cuke, C'hanler, Churchill. Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Ferry, Finney,
Fox, Gravely, Griswold, llaight, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, Hill, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard. Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin,
Logan, Loughridse, Lynch, Mallory, McCullough,
Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Nich-
olson, Nunn, Poland, Pomeroy, Rauin, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Taber,
-tafife, Thomas, Twiehell, Burt Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyek, Ward, James E. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Woodbridge—67.
So the House agreed that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the pending para-
graph terminate in two minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House again resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on House bill No. 309.
The motion was agreed *i: and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Broomall in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 309) making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th day
of June, 1808.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph will term-
inate in two minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
occupy a part of those two minutes by con-
gratulating my friend from New York [Mr.
Brooks] on having taken the stand which he
has taken in favor of economy. I only wish
he had taken the same stand a few days ago
on that land-grant bill, when he voted against
my motion to lay on the table, and when he
did not vote at all on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I do not
belong to that class of politicians who, when
they have gorged their own States with public
plunder, when by appropriations and donations
of public lands they have secured in their
States railroads intersecting each other in every
direction, when they have been for twenty years
appropriating public lands for the benefit of their
own States—I do not belong to that class of poli-
ticians who, when they are thus well fed them-
selves, turn to newer and younger States and
tell them they shall have none of the public
lands. [Laughter.] Fifteen years ago, when
Stephen A. Douglas in tj^> Senate and William
