1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2623
the late Texas navy, praying that her name
may be restored to the pension-list; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Cambridge, Maryland, praying that that town
may be made a port of entry or delivery;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of Anthony
Nagle, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for such an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian religion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
Edward D. Neill, praying the publication of
the records of the Virginia Company of Lon-
don, now in the Library of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
underwriters and merchants of Philadelphia,
against the adoption of any measures that will
lessen the efficiency of the Coast Survey; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
He also presented a memorial of the Phila-
delphia Board of Trade, praying a reduction
of the tax on whisky and tobacco; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Thomas E.
Williams and John Montgomery, praying com-
pensation for the destruction of property by the
military forces of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims,
f He also presented the petition of Amanda
Stackhouse, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented five memorials of the
Philadelphia Typographical Union No.'2, re-
monstrating against the passage of an inter-
national copyright law; which were referred to
the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a memorial of the sugar
refiners of Philadelphia, asking for an increase
of (he duty on clarified sugar ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented the petition of James
McMurray, praying an increase of pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CAMERON. I also desire to present
the petition of John Potts, chief clerk of the
War Department, who asks for compensation
as disbursing agent of that Department, and I
desire to say in presenting it that this office of
disbursing agent was created by the Secretary
of War in the beginning of the war in 1801.
He has disbursed some nine or ten million dol-
lars without any compensation at all. The
petition, together with the documents accom-
panying it, I move to refer to the Committee
on Military. Affairs.
.The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. PRELINGIIUY8EN presented the pe-
tition of James F. Armstrong, Captain United
States Navy, praying to be restored to the act-
ive list; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval A Hairs.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying an appropriation of
$80,000 for turning San Diego river into False
bay; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Iowa, in relation to the erection of
a bridge over the Mississippi river at Rock
Island; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I present, the memorial of
Charles A. Nichols and others, asking for the
erection of a bridge over the Anaeostia or
eastern branch of the Potomac river at Wash-
ington, with a resolution. I ask that the reso-
lution may be read for information, and I give
notice that I will call it up to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds be directed to make a survey of
the lower bridge, known as the navy-yard bridge,
across the Anaeostia, and report a plan for a perma-
nent structure across the same, at or near the present
site, capable of sustaining a railway track and cars
with a foot way on each side of the carriage track,
with an estimate of the cost of the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over until to-morrow.
army appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate proceeded to consider its amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 658) making appropria-
tioes for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1809, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of th-o Sen-
ate be appointed by the President -pro tempore.
The President pro tempore appointed Messrs.
Morrill of Maine, Howe, and Wilson.
reports oj? committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. E. No. 867) for the relief of Jona-
than Jessup, postmaster at York, Pennsylva-
nia, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bill (S No. 490) for the
relief of the owners of the brig Ocean Belle ;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No.
491) to provide for the appointment of register
of deeds in the District of'Columbia, and for
other purposes ; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. l2i6) directing the Sec-
retary of State to present to George Wright,
master of the British brig J. and G. Wright, a
gold chronometer, in appreciation of his per-
sonal services in saving the lives of three
American seamen wrecked at sea on board
the American schooner Lizzie F. Choate, of
Massachusetts, reported it without amend-
ment.
bridge over the dakota RivilR.   EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
Mr. FERRY. The Committee on Terri-\ m^oppose this amendment. It is an objection
tories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. |L<vhich ought not to be made to amendments
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is that bal-
ance ?
Mr. FERRY. I will state it in a moment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FERR1. The appropriation made by
the act of March 3, 1805, for the construction
of certain wagon-roads in Dakota Territory,
has, as I am informed by a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, remaining an unex-
pended balance of .$12,157 70. On the road
from the mouth of the Big Cheyenne to its
intersection with the Niobrara river there is a
bridge over the Dakota, the material of which
has been collected, but the bridge itself not
completed. The Secretary of the Interior in-
forms me in the same letter that the cost of
the completion of the bridge will be about
one thousand five hundred dollars. The bill
appropriates the unexpended balance, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, to the com-
pletion of this bridge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is the unex-
pended balance ?
Mr. FERRY. Twelve thousand one hun-
dred and fifty-seven dollars and seventy cents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had better limit it
so as not to exceed $2,500, as the Secretary
says it will only cost $1,500.
Mr. FERRY. I should have no objection
to that amendment except that it would send
the bill back to the House, and the completion
of the bridge is to be under the charge of a
superintendent already appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill—
the Clerk can insert it in the proper place—so
as to provide that the amount to be expended
in completing this bridge shall not exceed
$2,500. That is $1,000 more than the Secre-
tary of the Interior says it will cost. 1 am
altogether opposed to leaving an open appro-
priation of $ 15,000 to be expended under the
direction of anybody in the Territory of Da-
kota that I am acquainted with.
Mr. FERRY. I should regret to have this
amendment placed on the bill, because the bill
passed the House of Representatives some
months ago, before the commencement of the
impeachment trial, and it is necessary to have
the matter acted upon immediately in the Ter-
ritory in order to the completion of this bridge.
It seems to me the expenditure of the appro-
priation is perfectly controlled by the superin-
tendent who has already in charge the con-
struction of the wagon-roads under the act of
March 3, 1865. I prefer that the amendment
should not be made.
No. 650) to amend the act of 3d March, 1865,
providing for the construction of certain wagon-
roads in Dakota Territory, have instructed me
to report the bill back with a recommendation
that it pass; and I am instructed to request
that the bill be put on its passage now. It will
take but a moment, I think, as it is merely to
appropriate the balance of an unexpended
appropriation to finish a bridge begun but not
completed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut asks the present con-
sideration of the bill reported by him. It
requires unanimous consent. Is there any
objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk road the bill, which pro-
poses to apply the unexpended balance of an
appropriation made March 3, 1865, for the
construction of certain wagon-roads in the
Territory of Dakota, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, to the completion of the
bridge over the Dakota river, on the line _ of
the Government road leading from Sioux City,
in the State of Iowa, to the mouth of the Chey-
enne river, in Dakota Territory.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
aider the bill.
that are proper in themselves that the bill has
to go back to the House of Representatives.
I think it is not a proper objection at all. And
then my friend knows perfectly well that when
a bill goes back to the House of Representa-
tives with an amendment it always comes up
in a day or two. We are interchanging bills
with amendments all the time. It seems to
me to be unwise—but of course the gentlemen
in charge of appropriations and the finances
know better—to put §15,000 under the con-
trol of some superintendent of roads out in the
Territory of Dakota to do what the Secretary
of the Interior reports will only cost $1,500,
and still say that we will now reappropriate
the whole unexpended balance of $15,000, or
so much thereof as shall be necessary, and
that is left to the superintendent to have the
control of to do that small piece of work. It
is unsafe and unsound legislation as it appears
to me. I have no hostility, of course, to the
completion of that bridga; but I submit to the
Senate that my friend from Connecticut ought
not to oppose an amendment which can only
limit within fair and proper bounds the sum
of money which is to be applied to that pur-
pose, instead of leaving it to the unlicensed
and unbridled discretion of some superintend-
ent out there who may be changed at the will
of any Secretary of the Interior or whoever
