1868.
THE CONG-RESSION A L GLOBE.
2625
leave of absence.
Mr. McCREERY. I have just received a
letter from my colleague, [Hon. Gabeett
D,avis,] informing me that he has been sum-
moned home by a letter informing him of sick-
ness in his family, and requesting me to make
an application that the Senate will grant him
indefinite leave of absence. I make that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that his colleague
£Mr. Davis] have indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. DRAKE. When I asked leave of ab-
sence last year I was informed by the senior
Senators here that that was a thing never done
in the Senate ; that Senators had the right to
go and come as they pleased without asking
leave of the Senate ; and I suppose there is no
necessity for formal leave of absence being
granted in this case.
Mr. McCREERY. I will remind the Sen-
ator from Missouri that indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Grimes the other
day, and I make this application on behalf of
Mr. Davis at his request.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no rule on
the subject. It is entirely unnecessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that his colleague have indefinite leave
of absence from attendance on the Senat®.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I ask the Senate to
take up for consideration a bill to which I
called its attention some time ago, which il^s
very necessary to pass soon, if it is to pass
all, ia reference to the erection of a jail in this'
city. I think it can be passed in a few min-
utes. I move to take up House bill No. 784.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
E. No. 784) to amend the act entitled "An act
authorizing the construction of a jail in and for
the District of Columbia," approved July 25,
18G15, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to allow this bill to
be disposed of. It has been read through;
there are a few amendments reported by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and there is an amendment agreed upon
between that committee and the Committee
on the District of Columbia which I think will
settle the matter in a few minutes. I think it
will oceasion no debate, because both commit-
tees have agreed on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the Arkansas bill being laid aside informally
for a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the unfinished business of yes-
terday will be laid aside informally. The Chair
hears no objection to that course. The amend-
ments reported to House bill No. 784 will be
read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Clerk pro-
ceeds to read the amendments, I wish to make
a statement which 1 suppose will be satisfactory
to the Senate. This bill was originally passed
by the House of Representatives. Certain
amendments to it were agreed on by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. Those
amendments were submitted to the chairman
of the committee on the part of the House.
They were not read to him, but it was stated
to him what they would be, and he said they
would be entirely satisfactory to him. I think
they put the bill in better shape. Afterward
the bill, when reported to the Senate, was taken
up by the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and I am informed by the member of that
committee who has the subject in charge, so far
as that committee are concerned, that they
have examined it also, and are perfectly satis-
fied with it with the exception that they desire
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 165.
to make one or two amendments which have
been submitted to me and whicli I have agreed
to. So I think the bill will be in as good a
shape as we eanput it.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ments will be read.
The amendments were read in their order.
The first was to strike out the first and second
sections of the bill, in these words:
That the act entitled "An act authorising thecon-
struction of a jail in and for the District of Colum-
bia" be, and is hereby, amended so as to read as
follows, to wit: that the contracts heretofore at-
tempted to be made under the act of which this is
amendatory, by the Secretary of the Interior on be-
half of the United States, with W. II. Allen and
others, for the building of thenewjailfor theDistrict
of Columbia, be, and hereby are, declared null and
void, and shall thenceforth be treated as of no force
or cffect, and no money shall be paid nor any work
done thereunder; and that the plans and specifica-
tions made by E. Faxon, and upon which said con-
tracts were attempted to be made, be, and are hereby,
rejected and abandoned as unsuitable for the pur-
pose for which they were designed and notin accord-
ance with existing laws.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Bartholomew
Oertly, Sayles J. Bowen, and J, M. Edmunds be, and
hereby are, appointed a board of commissioners for
the construction of the new jail in the Distuctof
Columbia, and they are hereby authorized and di-
rected to immediately select a suitable site on some
of the public grounds belonging to the United States
in the city of Washington on which to erect said jail,
and as soon as said selection shall be made they shall
report the same to Congress for approval or disap-
proval, and whenever Congress shall approve a selec-
tion mado by said board the ground so selected shall
thenceforth be set apart for said jail, and until its
completion be under the control of said board. And
the said board at the earliest possible period alter
sueh approval shall procure plans and specifications
of a jail suitable for the accommodation of three hun-
dred persons, or as near that number as practicable,
whicp's^iid' plans and specifications shall be in all
 1*rtscoinplete and perfected; and if, on examina-
... of thesame.theyshallbeapprovedandadopted,
certificates of such adoption and approval shall bo
entered thereon, signed by each member of the board,
or a majority thereof, and be carefully preserved by
them.
And in lieu thereof to insert three sections,
in these words :
That the selection of a site for the erection of a
jail in the District of Columbia made by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, *under and by virtue of laws
heretofore enacted, be, and the same is hereby, sus-
pended: and that any plan or plans heretofore ap-
proved by the said Secretary for the erection of such
jail be, and the same are hereby, rejected; and that
any and all contracts heretofore entered into by the
said Secretary for the construction of sueh jail be,
and the same are hereby, declared null and void, and
not in accordance with the laws authorizing the
adoptiou of plans and the execution of contracts for
the purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
mittees of the Senate and Ilouse of Representatives
upon Public Buildings and Grounds, acting in con-
junction. be, and arc hereby, authorized to select ai
site for the erection of a new jail in the District of
Columbia upon some of the publio grounds in the
city of Washington belonging to the United States,
and when said site shall be so selected a certificate
of such selection shall be filed in the Department of
the Interior, which certificate shall be signed by the
chairman of said committees. In ease said commit-
tees shall be of opinion that no suitable site can be
designated upon any of the aforesaid public grounds,
they shall so report to the respective Houses, and
recommend such further measures in relation thereto
as they may judge expedient.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in case a site
should be selected as provided for in the preceding
section, the Secretary of the Interior shall forthwith
give notice thereof to the architect of the Capitol
extension, whose duty it shall bo, in conjunction with
the architect of the Treasury Department and the
officer of engineers in charge of the public buildings
and grounds, to prepare suitable plans and specifica-
tions for the construction of such jail upon the site
so selected, of sufficient dimensions to accommodatc
not less than two hundred persons, and so designed
that saidjailmay, if necessary, at some future time,
be so enlarged as to accommodate not less than three
hundred persons without interfering with the har-
mony of the general design ; andtheplansand speci-
fications made in pursuance of the foregoing pro-
visions shall be submitted to the Committeeon Public
Buildings amlGroundsof the two Houses of Congress,
and shall be subject to their approval; and said plans
and specifications, when approved by said commit-
tees, shall be certified by the chairmen of said com-
mittees and deposited in the Department of the In-
terior.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendment proposed, except one. It pro-
vides for a selection by this committee of a site
for a jail on public grounds. I am satisfied
personally that this will be a waste of labor.
There are but three spots of ground within the
limits of Washington city, and as far as I know
within the District of Columbia, that would be at
all eligible. Two of these have heretofore been
selected, and each rejected by Congress. One
was selected near two years ago in the north-
east corner of the city plot, and rejected by a
joint resolution of Congress. Now we propose
to reject the second one, which I am sure, per-
sonally, was the only eligible j>lace remaining.
I think it would be better to give this commit-
tee discretion to make a selection at once with-
out requiring them to report to the two HSuses.
I make this suggestion, and, if it is acceptable
to the Senator who has the bill in charge, I
should like to have it adopted ] if not, I will
make no further objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that
on the examination we made of the subject it
did not appear to me quite so desperate a case
as my friend supposes ; and I am satisfied that
if we do what he suggests we shall have diffi-
culty in passing the proposition through the
other House.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ X have provided in this
amendment that if no site is found that is con-
sidered eligible we shall then report to Con-
gress and get an additional act.
Mr. JOHNSON. Can that be done during
the session?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may possibly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three of
section four, [three,] to strike out the words
" said board " and insert "the Secretary of
the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"site," in line five of the same section, to
insert "under the superintendence and direc-
tion of the architect of the Capitol extension,
who shall furnish all necessary working plans,
but shall not be entitled to receive any addi-
tional pay for his services."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after the word "purpose" iu line eight
to insert "the board of officers named in the
preceding section."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline tvventy-two
of the same section, to strike strike out " said"
and insert " the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the sec-
tion the words " and said contracts, when com-
pleted, shall be filed in the Department of the
Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as amended, reads;
And be it further enacted, That, as soon as said plans
and specifications shall have been adopted and cer-
tified as aforesaid, the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause ajail, in aecordancc therewith, to be constructed
on saidsite, under the superintendence and direction
of the architect of the Capitol extension, who shall
furnish all necessary working plans, but shall not be
entitled to reccive any additional pay for his ser-
vices; and tor that purpose the board of officers
named in the preceding section shall publish a no-
tice for proposals lor tho construction thereof for
at least thirty days in a leading newspaper in the
city of Washington, which notice shall specify a place
in the said city where the plans and specifications can
be seen and a time when the contract shall be let;
and said board shall let the whole work in one eon-
tract to the lowest and best bidder, who shall give
satisfactory bond in the penal sum of $100,UOU, with
sufficient sureties, to be approved in writing by said
board, for the faithful completion of the work ac-
cording to contract and to tho satisfaction of said
board: Provided, however, That said board may reject
ail bids if they deem them unreasonably high or un-
worthy of acceptance, and shall reject all that^are
above the sum of $.iU0,U00: And providedfurth-er, That
no bid shall be considered unless it be accompanied
with a satisfactory bond in the sum of $10,000, condi-
tioned that the bidder shall enter into the contract
if it bo awarded him, and give the security required
by this act tor the completion of the work,or pay to
the United States the difference between his bid and
the one on which the contract shall bo finally award eu
and let. In the event of the rejection oi iiil the bias
new advertisements shall immediately bepubnsned
as herein directed, and new bids be received by said
board. And said contracts, when completed, shall
be filed in the Department of the Interior.
The next amendment was in line nine of sec-
tion five, [four,] to strike out " on the order of
said board" and insert "by the Secretary oi
the Interior;" and in line nineteen, to strike
