102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Williams.
40tii Cons....2d Sess.
the hosts that wait around them; peace for the
widows and fatherless, for tho sinning and sinned
against. (jrant us peace, 0 God, for all, and for a
distracted, torn and bleeding land. Spood tho great
time of peace. Immense cheers.] "
It is my opinion, that in the midst of these
outbursts of enthusiasm, had they paused for
a moment—the pale finger of a Douglas might
have been seen writing on the wall these words,
mene, mene, tekel, upharsiii. Peace, Democ-
racy, thou art weighed in the balance, and
found wanting.
That is a very eloquent prayer. The gen-
tleman who uttered it went upon the princi-
ple expressed by the poet, who says,
"Prayer is appointed to convey
The blessings God designs to givo."
_ But that prayer was never answered. God
did not answer the prayer of that Democratic
convention by calling back our brave soldiers
in their triumphal march and dishonoring our
Army. He heard and answered the prayer of
the widow going up in behalf of that flag in de-
fense of which her husband had fallen. " There
is no peace unto the wicked, saith the Lord."
God heard the prayer of the mother whose boy
grasped in his firm hand the ensign of the Iie-
public, which was kept waving till an honora-
ble and triumphant peace had been conquered
from armed rebellion.
When the war closed what was the condi-
tion of this country ? Ten States were prac-
tically out of the Union. I may differ with
some of my .Republican friends; but I claim
that when the war closed those States were
States geographically, but had no civil gov-
erpments. They had by rebellion overturned
theaulhority of the United States within then-
limits, and the Constitution was powerless to
operate; they had set up rebel governments in
antagonism to the national authority. Our
armies succeeded in overthrowing those rebel
governments, and when the war closed there
was no civil government in those States.
How, under the Constitution it was the duty
of Congress to provide for those disorganized
communities a republican form of government.
But before Congress could take any action
President Johnson, assuming to be himself the
United States, wrapping himself in the mantle
of a self-constituted Moses, said, "I will recon-
struct these States 011 my policy," and did pro-
ceed to appoint Governors, declare who should
vote, and so far as it was possible under tho
Constitution or outside of it, so organized these
revolted provinces as to place tho control of
these self-constituted State governments in tho
hands of the disloyal and rebel clement, per-
mitting and appointing men to office who never
took the oath prescribed by Congress; and in
violation of law, and all his previous pledges
made to the people that treason should be pun-
ished and traitors take back seats in the work
of reconstruction. Congress offered to the
people of tho United States for ratification an
amendment to the Constitution, which, if these
revolted and conquered provinces had signified
their willingness to see incorporated into the
organic law of the land, and had made their
reorganization of State governments republican
in form, would long since have been, in my
opinion, represented in tho Legislature of tho
Government, and to-day would be enjoying all
the lights ot States in the Union, No nation
on tho face of the globe ever offered to out-
lawed and conquered belligerents such noble
and humane provisions as was hold out as
inducements to win them back to their fealty
to the Constitution and the land they had dis-
honored. We had a right under the law of
nations to demand indemnity for the past and
security for the future. But did we get indem-
nity for the past?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. Icannotyicld.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know the
terms offered. That is all.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. We said to
them we simply require these guarantees for
the future. They could not give us indemnity
for the past. Could they, I ask you, restore
the limbs of our soldiers lost upon the battle-
field? Could they restore to the mother the
bright jewel of her household that she gave in
defense of liberty ? All the cotton upon the
vast plains of the South, all the vast wealth of
her planters could notgive us idemnity for the
past. We demanded onlysecurity forthe future.
We asked that there should be ingrafted into the
organic law of the land a constitutional pro-
vision providing that the rebel debt should
never bo assumed and paid cither by tho Fed-
eral or State governments ; wo asked a pledge
that tho pension of the widow of the soldier who
gave his life and blood to save tho nation should
be promptly met and paid ; we required a pro-
vision in the organic law that tho debt of tho na-
tion, contracted to put down rebellion and save
the country, should never be repudiated; and
when we asked these moderate and humane pro-
visions of security the President of the United
Slates and Democracy declared it was a viola-
lation of tho Constitution to amend that instru-
ment, and tho hosts of rebellion answered,
Amen! So mote it bo.
The President said lie acknowledged only two
superiors, the Lord and tho people. Tho ques-
tion was submitted in 18gg, and the people, by
an overwhelming majority, decidcd with Con-
gress. And the Lord, becoming disgusted with
his repeated^ violation of his pledges to the
people, has forsaken him in this his hour of
calamity, that there is none now so low as
to do him reverence.
There lias been no act passed by the Thirty-
Ninth or Fortieth Congress on the subject of
reconstruction which has not been denounced
by our Democratic lriends on the other side as
unconstitutional, revolutionary, and tyrannical
in its provisions, and designed to supplant tho
civil by the military power. I suppose they
mean the bogus civil governments set up by
the fiat of executive "usurpation.
I ask my Democratic friends, who now pro-
fess so much love for the soldiers, are you
afraid to trust the great military leaders of
this country, who led our armies triumphant to
victory, to hold the rebels in cheek simply long
enough to let the loyal men of that country
organize governments republican in form? That
is all tho measure provides. If you cannot
trust our military commanders to hold that re-
bellious element in chock, I ask you what party
you can trust in this hour of the nation's life?
I want gentlemen to understand that, while
prating about military power, they voted a day
or two ago in this House solidly against placing
the power of reconstruction in the hands of the
civil authorities by voting down the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] They evidenced their
faith by their works in that vote in favor of
letting the military have the control of re-
construction in these States, thus ignoring all
their former positions on the question of recon-
struction. But gentlemen tell us, and so does
the President, that the object of this great
Radical party is to Africanize these southern
States. Tliey say that we aro placing them
under negro domination. They say that by
these acts of Congress the Republican party
say that negroes shall have the right to vote.
My friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] says
that this is a " white man's Government." Sir,
I deny the assertion that this is a white man's
Government. I say that on the adoption of
the Federal Constitution in every one of the
original Colonies save two every free person
of color had a right to vote and did vote for
the men who made the Constitution and on its
ratification. A "white man's Government!"
Sir, I claim that it is a Government for the
people of every clime that come to seek pro-
tection under the flag of the Union. We invito
by our naturalization laws the foreigner to come,
and whoever he may be who comes hero and
obeys the laws and pays taxes for the support
of the Government and defends its flag it is his
Government, be he red, black, or white, and he
is entitled to the same protection of the native-
born American whose eyes first beheld the
sunlight upon American soil.
But they tell us we are placing the ballot in
tho hands of the negro, who is not qualified to
exercise the franchise. Why, sir, lot us see :
in Tennessee, by the act of the people, with-
out congressional intervention, they gave to
the colored population the right to vote. There
you have a practical test of the first emerging
of humanity from slavery to freedom. Let
the loyal delegation on the floor of this House
from Tennessee answer the question; they
voted right. Why, sir, they voted the Repub-
lican ticket in Tennessee, say our Democratic
friends. Well, I think that they exhibited more
intelligence and sound judgment by that vote
than the white Democrats who did not vote
or who voted the Democratic ticket.
But let us examine this matter for a moment.
What do the Democrats propose to do? What
kind of a system do they propose to give us? They
say they aro willing to restore all the rebels to
power without either faith or repentance. The
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Sitguewes]
this morning said he was opposed to recon-
struction, but in favor of restoration. Sir,what
great rights have these men lost by the act of
reconstruction? When the war ended they had
no rights under the Constitution. They were
alien enemies, and had 110 rights exccpt such
as Congress saw fit to confer upon them. Res-
toration, indeed; that means restore back to
those rebels the loyal black man to slavery.
Democracy are the only mourners to sing its
requiem.
Sir, the country calls upon us to-day in the
Halls of this American Congress to restore
these ten disorganized governments to the
Union. But what does the Democracy say in
response? They say to us, "You are going
to sap the foundations of the Republic." My
friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] the other day
said: "If this reconstruction act is passed and
forced upon the people of the South the last
sands of the Republic are about to pass away,
and it follows to the grave the republics of the
past;" and he called mightily upon Hercules
to come and save the Government. But, sir,
Hercules did not respond. Instead of Her
culos, the old fossil Democracy, like ulcer-
ating sores upon the body-politic, and (he virus
of treason yet on their garments, only respond
to the invocation.
The question before the country now is, shall
this Government be restored upon the basis the
fathers designed to establish? Shall we make
this, the great empire of the West, the refuge
and home ofthefree? But the President comes
in with his message and says to us that in 18>ol
Congress passed a resolution declaring that the
object of the war was not to interfere with the
institutions of the States, but to save the Re-
public and restore the insurgent States to their
status prior to the war. I know that was the
declaration of Congress. But, sir, we had a
practical demonstration of tho effect of that
position at the very outset of the war. when a
military order was issued, called Order No. 3,
declaring that no colored man should come
inside of our lines. Tell me, if you can, one
single battle that we won under Order No. 3?
Let the history of Bull Run answer. It is
true, we tried to save the countrv and save
slavery at the same time, but the fiat from the
throne of the Eternal came down to us sav-
ing, Lot the oppressed go free." It came
through the proclamation of the great head of
^hsnation, who aiterward became the victim
of Democratic assassins. He derived his teach-
ing from Independence Hall, from the liberty
bell that was cracked while tolling the funeral
of the immortal Clay, upon which was this
inscription: "Proclaim liberty throughout, the
land to all the inhabitauta thereof." And in-
