1602
THE CONGBESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
March 2,
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nve, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Boss,
Saulsbury, Sumner,Tipton, Trumbull, and Wade—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I wish now to move the
amendments which I before referred to in the
rules preceding the rule regarding the forms so
as to place the rules in conformity with the
- twice-expressed opinion of the Senate. The
first amendment which I propose is in the third
rule, beginning in the third line, to strike out
the words "resolve itself into a high court
of impeachment for proceeding thereon; a
quorum of the Senateshall constitute a quorum
of the court, and it," and in lieu of these
words to insert "proceed to the trial of the
person impeached, and so that, if thus
amended, the rule will read:
Upon such articlos being presented to the Senato
the Senate shall, at one o'clock afternoon of the day
(Sunday excepted) following such presentation, or
sooner if so ordered by the Senate, proceed to the
trial of the person impeached, and shall continue in
session from day to day.
In the same rule, a line or two below, I pro-
pose to strike out the words "immediately
upon the Senate resolving itself into such high
court of impeachment," and in lieu thereof
to insert the words "before proceeding to such
trial;" so as to read " before proceeding to
such trial the Secretary of the Senate shall
administer to the presiding officer," &c.
These are the two amendments which I pro-
pose to the third rule, which will bring its
language in conformity with that which has
seemed to be the opinion of the Senate by the
votes already expressed. There are a number
of verbal alterations, simply carrying out the
same idea; and perhaps, to save time, the Sen-
ate will consent that 1 shall read these other
alterations at the present time, and it may be
possible that the vote cau be taken upon all of
them at once.
Mr. HOWARD. Go right on.
Mr. FERRY. In the fourth rule I propose
to strike out at the beginning of it the words
"the Presiding Officer of the Senate shall be
the presiding officer of the high court of im-
peachment, except;" so that the rule shall
begin, "When the President of the United
Stales or the Vice President of the United
States, upon whom the powers and duties of
the office of President shall have devolved,
shall be impeached." And then, immediately
following the word "impeached," I propose
to strike out the words "in which case,"
leaving the words "the Chief Justice of the
Supteme Court of the United States shall
preside."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that I
understand that motion.
Mr. FERRY. As the rule now stands the
first part of it, " that the Presiding Officer of
the Senate shall be the presiding officer of the
court," is unnecessary. I propose to make
the rule read, "When the President of the
United States or the Vice-President of the
United States, upon whom the powers and
duties of the office of President shall have de-
volved, shall be impeached, the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States
shall preside." That is all that it is necessary
to provide for. Then in the same rule, in the
second and third lines of the second page, 1
propose to strike out the words "the organi-
zation of the high court of impeachment;" so
as to read, "notice shall be given to him by
the Presiding Officer of the Senate of the time
and place fixed for such trial, with a request
to attend," and then to strike out the words
"and he shall preside over said court until its
final adjournment," and in lieu thereof to in-
sert, "said Chief Justice shall preside over
the Senate during said trial and until final
judgment in said cause."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest to the
Senator that the organization of this court is a
different thing from the trial. I understand
that the court is organized; that is, the Chief
Justice is called upon to preside; the articles
of impeachment are then presented, but the
trial does not occur until some time afterward,
when the party accused lias notice.
Mr. HOWARD. The articles are presented
before the Chief Justice can take his seat in
the court. They are presented to the Senate
sitting in its ordinary capacity. Then we notify
the Chief Justice of the time when we shall
proceed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But the fourth rule evi-
dently contemplates that the Chief J ustice shall
be notified of the time and place when the first
step in the proceeding is to be taken.
Mr. HOWARD. What do you mean by the
" first step?" He cannot be notified until the
articles are presented.
Mr. FERRY. I will go on with my amend-
ments.
In the fifth rule I propose to strike out, in
the first line, the words "of the court," so as
to read, " the presiding officer shall have power
to make and issue," &c. In the third line, in
lieu of the word " court," I propose to insert
the word "Senate;" and in the next line to
strike out the word " court" and insert the
word "Senate."
In the sixth rule I propose to strike out in
the first lino the word "court" and insert the
word "Senate." Then, in the second clause
of that rule, in the seventh line, T move to
strike out the word "court" and insert the
word "Senate ;" and the last words of the
rule, " said court," should be stricken out and
"the Senate" inserted.
In the seventh rule I propose to strike out
the word "court" and insert "Senate" The
second clause of that rule has already been
stricken out by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. VAN WJNKLE. I call the Senator's
attention to the fact that the presiding officers
in the first and second lines of that rule signify
different persons.
Mr. FlillRY. I think my memorandum
was to strike out the words " presiding officer
of the court" in the second line, and insert
" the Senate," so as to read " and the Senate
shall direct all the forms of proceeding," &c.
In the eighth rule I propose in the sccond
line to strike out the word "court" and insert
the word "Senate," and in the third and fourth
lines to make the same change, so as to read:
Upon the presentation of articles of impeachment
and the organization of the Senate as hereinbefore
piovided, a writ ot'summons shall issue to the ac-
cused reciting said articles and notifying him to ap-
pear before said Senate, upon a day, and at a place
to be fixed by the Senate, auduamud in such wi it, &c.
Andsoon throughout the whole of the eighth
rulewherever the word "court" occurs, orthe
words "such court," I propose to substitute
"the Senate."
In the twelfth rule I move to strike out the
words "as a high court of impeachment," and
in lieu thereof to insert the words "for such
trial," so as to read, " the hour of the day at
which the Senate shall sit for such trial shall
bo," &c.
Mr. MeCREERY. If the Senator will per-
mit mo I will make a suggestion, to be incor-
porated into his amendment, if he pleases. It
is in the last line of the twelfth rule, to strike
out the word "shall" and insert the word
"may." It now reads:
The adjournment of the Senate sitting as n high
court of impeachment shall not opcrateas an adjoui n-
ment of the Senate, but on such adjournmentof the
court the Senatesliall resume the consideration of its
legislative and executive business.
I think insteadof "shall resume" it should
be "may resume." It might be very incon-
venient for us to go into legislative and execu-
tive business at such an hour as this for exam pie.
There might be no legislative or executive busi-
ness calling for our immediate attention ; and
after we have been engaged during the day as a
court I think it would be useless to require us
; to go back to the performance of legislative and
executive business. But we shall have to per-
form it under the provision as it stands.
Mr. POMEROY. I see no objection to
substituting the word "may;" that would
still leave it in the power of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. The object of this provis-
ion is to continue the session of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. Yes; but the Senate may
adjourn if it chooses.
'Mr. HOWARD. The clause continues the
session, and I think it had better not be stricken
out.
Mr. FERRY. I propose all through the
twelfth rule to change the word "court" to
"Senate" as before, and in the third line from '
the end of the rule to strike out the words—
"sitting as a high court of impeachment," and
to insert " sitting in said trial," so as to read:
The adjournment of the Senate sitting in said trial
shall not operate as an adjournment of the Senate.
In the nineteenth rule the word "court"
should be changed to "Senate," and in rule
twenty the same change should be made.
In the twenty-second rule an amendment
has been made to-day which prevents the ne-
cessity of any amendment. I had proposed, to
strike out the words " members of said high
court of impeachment," and insert "members
of the Senate."
Mr. HOWARD. That clause has been struck
out already.
Mr. FERRY. Very well. It has been sug-
gested to me by the Senator from Missouri
that it is necessary to amend the twenty-third
rule by striking out the words "questions of
evidence and incidental questions," so as to
conform to an amendment already adopted in
rule seven on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HOWARD. You need not insert any-
thing in that place.
Mr. FERRY. I do not see the necessity of
inserting anything, and will therefore merely
propose to strike out "and the questions men-
tioned in rule eight."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will suggest to the hon-
orable Senator, as he is revising these rules,
that the words " by a viva voce vote'' ought to
be stricken out of rule twenty-three, and the
words "without a division" inserted. It now
reads that certain motions may be decided by
a viva voce vote unless the yeas and nays be
demanded. I understand that a vote by yeas
and nays is a viva voce vote.
Mr. KERRY. I certainly have no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move the amendment
I have indicated to the twenty-third rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendments of the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. I adopt that as part of my
amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Oregon does not apprehend the force of the
words. There is no difference between decid-
ing by a viva voce vote and deciding without a
division; because, when we decide by a viva
voce vote the Presiding Officer puts a ques-
tion, and if no one responds the proposition is
agreed to without a division.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that there
arc two modes of voting. One is by ballot
and the other is viva voce.
Mr. HOWARD. The distinction here is
made between the call of the yeas and nays
and an ordinary division.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The meaning is plain
enough, but I like the language in a rule of
the Senate to express the ideas ordinarily
attached to the words employed. When a vote
is taken by yeas and nays, and the names of the
Senators are called, the votes which they give
are viva voce votes in the most correct accepta-
tion of that term. When they vote by ballot
they adopt another and different mode of vot-
ing. The idea that this rule intends to convey
is that upon these incidental questions there
shall be a vote without any division unless one
fifth of the members call for the yeas and
nays, and then the yeas and nays may be had.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to make a sin-
gle suggestion. Suppose instead of the words
"by a viva voce vote" we say "without the
yeas and nays." That will make it exact.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That will satisfy mo;
but I think the other phraseology is the moti
parliamentary.
