218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
tion for property stolen from her husband by
the Apache Indians while stationed at Fort
Webster, New M&ico; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of
the Society of Friends, asking for a change in
the policy of the Government toward the In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and brother, asking a
compensation for losses sustained by them in
the conversion to the use of the Union Army
of property owned by them at Arlington, Vir-
ginia ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the petition of the Penn-
sylvania Equal Rights League and others,
asking the adoption of a law investing all men
in all the States, regardless of color, with the
elective franchise; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of Samnel W. Maurice, praying compensation
for services rendered as assistant assessor of
internal revenue in the district of Williams-
burg, South Carolina; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Maine,
requesting the Senators and Representatives
from that State to favor the abolition of the
internal tax on manufactures, excepting on
luxuries not necessary articles of consumption;
which was referred to the Committee on Man-
ufactures.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Maine expressive of sym-
pathy with the Cretans in their struggle for
independence; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Maine requesting their Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress to bring
before that body the necessity of obtaining aid
for the railroads and for an examination of the
harbors of that State, so as to provide efficient
means for its defense; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Maine requesting the Senators and
Representatives from that State to use their
efforts to procure such aid from the Govern-
ment as will secure the speedy construction of
the Northern Pacific Railroad; which were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. CONNESS presented a memorial of
merchants and importers of San Francisco,
California, praying the passage of an act re-
funding import duties paid upon goods after-
ward destroyed by lire in the years 1850 and
1854 ; which was referred *o the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a resolution of the Legislature of Tennessee,
requesting their Senators and Representatives
in Congress to use their influence to secure to
soldiers of 1812 or their widews a pension for
life, provided they make satisfactory proof of
loyalty to the United States Government dur-
ing the late rebellion ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
SETTLEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
liesohed. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to cause to be forwarded to the Senate
copies of all papers on file in the office of the Third
Auditor in cases of claims and accounts arising in
the quartermaster's department where payment has
not been rnado on the adjustment of the accounting
olliccrs arul the certificates of balance by tho Second
Comptroller because of the non-issuance of a requi-
sition or where the requisition has issued for less than
the sum certified.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
cousent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 77) declaratory of the
meaning of the act of March 3, 1817, entitled
An act to provide for the prompt settlement
of public accounts;'' which was read twice by
xtg
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the immedi-
ate consideration of the joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. GRIMES. Let
it be read for information^
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
It provides that the act of March 3, 1817,
entitled "An act to provide for the prompt
settlement of public accounts" shall not be
construed to authorize the heads of Depart-
ments to change or modify the balances that
may be certified to them by the Commissioner
of Customs or the Comptroller of the Treasury,
but that such balances when stated by the
Auditor and properly certified by the Comp-
troller, as provided by that act, shall be taken
as final and conclusive upon the executive
branch of the Government, and be subject to
revision only by Congress or the proper courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say a word in
explanation of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on taking it up for considera-
tion. Does the Senator wisn to make his
observations on the motion to take it up ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will, if there is no
objection, state the object of it before it is taken
up, and then the Senate may perhaps agree to
take it up. There has been very great diffi-
culty in the Departments for many years arising
from this fact: we have provided in the Treas-
ury Department a system of auditing claims
and accounts of different descriptions. They
have first to go through the hands of the proper
auditor, as it is understood, and then to the
Comptroller to decide upon the legality of the
claim, and if agreed to by both those officers
they are considered as settled. When those
claims come from another Department—the
i difficulty principally has arisen in the quar-
termaster's department—they are to be paid
necessarily out of the fund appropriated for
meeting that particular kind of claim. If it is
in the quartermaster's department it comes
out of the fund appropriated for that purpose
or for that department generally; and so of
the others. Now it has been the custom in
many cases after a claim has been audited,
heard, gone through the hands of the Auditor
first and the Comptroller afterward, and been
finally adjusted by them, the proper auditing
officers of the Treasury, for it to go back to
the quartermaster's department, for instance,
and for the Quartermaster General to under-
take to say that he will not pay it, it is not
right, or he will pay part of it, there is only so
much due ; and so he refuses to issue a requi-
sition on the fund, or is willing, perhaps, to
issue a requisition for as much as he says is due.
It is ordinarily settled, after going through the
hands of the accounting officers, by a clerk in
the quartermaster's department, who fancies
that it is not right, and then the Quartermaster
General either sustains or refuses to sustain his
decision.
That has been a matter of contest in the
Departments for many years. The first diffi-
culty that arose, I believe, was owing to an
opinion or an intimation given by Mr. Berrien
while Attorney General to that effect. The
matter was afterward considered very much at
length by Mr. Hiland Hall, who was Second
Comptroller, I think, for a time, and he wrote
a pamphlet on the subject, which I have read.
I have several papers in my hand, and among
them a copy of that pamphlet. I am very
clear in my own opinion that that construction
is all wrong. When a claim, no matter upon
what Department it bears or from what Depart-
ment it comes, or on what fund it is charge-
able, has gone through the hands of the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury and been
settled and adjusted by them, it is no longer
in the power of the head of a bureau yf
another Department, or even of the head of
another Department itself, having control of
;! the money, to say of their own will that the
! i thing has been settled wrong and that they will
!! not pay it. '
li The consequence has been very great oppres-
sion to some honest claimants. One case
came within my own knowledge. The matter
was brought to my attention on a certain occa-
sion when I was iji the Treasury Department,
and I repudiated the doctrine entirely ; but it
was not in my power to control it. I believe
there is now before the Committee on Claims a
claim of a gentleman, who stated it to me, who
has been absolutely ruined, or is very likely to
be, because he cannot get his money, where
his claim has been fully audited, allowed by all
the officers of the Treasury Department on
strict legal principles, such as they always
apply ; but the Quartermaster General says it
is too much, and he will not pay it at all ; and
the consequence is the claimant comes to Con-
gress; he has no other remedy.
Now, sir, I think that the law ought to be
settled one way or the other upon that subject.
The question ought to be determined by a
law of Congress. I do not ask for the passage
of this joint resolution now. I desire to have
it referred to the Committee on Finance with
the papers which I hold in my hand. I was
mistaken, therefore, in asking that it be con-
sidered now ; I merely want it taken up for the
purpose of having it referred to the conjmittee
with these papers. I think it should go to the
Committee on Finance, because it is a question
relating to the Treasury Department.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to urge
against the reference of this resolution to the
Committee on Finance that I know of, and I
agree with the Senator from Maine that if there
is anything doubtful about the law it ought to
be settled. It is true, as the Senator remarks,
that a claim arising out of this dispute of juris-
diction has been referred to the Committee on
Claims of the Senate. My attention was called
to it the other day. In looking at the papers
in the case, in looking at the nature of the
claim, it occurred to me as very peculiar that
an auditing officer of the Government had been
passing upon a claim really urged against
another Department of the Government, and
had undertaken to direct in effect another
Department of the Government, how much or
how little they should pay of the claim; and
that led me to look at the law creating these
auditing officers, and I came to a conclusion
the reverse of that to which the Senator from
Maine has come, that the Auditor has by law no
such authority; and it seems to me, contrary to
the opinion which has just been expressed, that
the Auditor should have no such authority.
The different Auditors are created by law
for the purpose of examining the accounts of
other disbursing officers of the Government.
The Third Auditor, for instance, among other
accounts, settles and adjusts the accounts of
the quartermaster's department. As the Sen-
ator has remarked, a fund is appropriated by
Congress to meet the exigencies of the quar-
termaster's department, and it is disbursed by
the quartermasters. Their accounts are to be
examined by the Auditor and settled by the
Auditor. The Auditor is to see whether they
disbursed the money in accordance with law
or not. It seems to me that no account accru-
ing in the quartermaster's department should
be adjusted except one which a quartermaster
has passed upon and approved and paid, so to
speak, or adjusted at all events, and that the
Auditor should act only as an appellate tri-
bunal, so to speak, with a supervisory jurisdic- ■
tion. Otherwise, it seems to me that every
claimant has not only a double but a quadruple
remedy on every claim he sets up. H*e may go
to the quartermaster against whom his claim
really exists, and if the quartermaster will pay
it he gets his money; but if the quartermas-
ter himself will not pay it he appeals to the
Auditor, and gets an order on the quartermas-
ter to pay it. If both these fail he may go to
the Court of Claims and commence a suit upon
his contract^ and if that fails him he may come
to Congress, and he may take these remedies
one after the other. He will have tl«ee any
way. If the law is settled, as I think it should
be, that the Auditor should only pass upon
accounts which the quartermaster has directed
