1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate to take the question on
these amendments together?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think Ave can vote on
them safely now, inasmuch as I believe nearly
all the Senators have expressed themselves on
the yeas and nays upon both sides of the ques-
tion involved.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. There is one verbal amend-
ment which is made necessary by the previous
decision of the Senate. It is in rule twenty-
four, in the heading to the form of the oath.
It now reads, "Form of oath to be admin-
istered to the Presiding Officer and members
of the Senate." The words "Presiding Offi-
cer and," should be struck out. The Consti-
tution does not require that the Presiding Offi-
cer should be sworn, but only the Senators.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire whether
there has been a vote on the suggestion of the
Senator from Kentucky to strike out the word
" shall" and insert " may" in the last clause
of the twelfth rule. 1 think that amendment
is entirely unnecessary, because the Senate
after it has been in session as a court or has
proceeded with a trial and adjourned the trial,
can then go into executive or legislative ses-
sion and immediately adjourn in case there is
no legislative or executive business. So I
think the word "shall" may as well continue
there. We ought to adjourn when we are in
legislative session and not when we are in ses-
sion as a court.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe no vote was
taken on that amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No vote was
taken on it. The amendments of the Senator
from Connecticut were pending at the time.
The Senator from Kentucky only suggested
an amendment.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I think the presiding
officer of the court of impeachment should be
under oath, but it should be an oath different
from that taken by the members who try the
ease. In the rule as reported to us, it was con-
templated that the same oath should be admin-
istered to him that was administered to the
members of the Senate. I believe in former
impeachment trials the presiding officer was
sworn. There may be some difficulty about our
prescribing an oath for the presiding officer.
J think it very clear that by an act of Congress,
the form of an oath to be taken by the presid-
ing officer might be provided, and that it would
be binding. It seems an anomaly that we
should have a presiding officer sitting here and
not under any legal obligation or any moral
obligation such as an oath would impose. I
agree that the amendment already made ex-
cepting him from the operation of the general
form of oath provided for members of the Sen-
ate, is eminently just and proper; and his ex-
ception becomes indispensable after the decis-
ion which has been made by the Senate on
several occasions, withdrawing him altogether
from any interference with our proceedings
except on questions of order. I suppose, Mr.
President, we have the same power to prescribe
an oath for the Presiding Officer of the Senate
that we have to prescribe an oath for the mem-
bers of the Senate, if, indeed, there be any
authority to bind him by such an obligation.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chief Justice of the
United States is under oath. When he entered
upon the discharge of his functions as Chief
,i ustice, he took an oath to discharge all the
duties that were incumbent upon him as such
officer; and this duty is placed upon him by
the Constitution of the United States, and was
embraced in his oath to discharge his duties
as Chief Justice of the United States; andany
further oath than that I think would be unne-
Mr!^BUClvALEW. That explanation of the
Senator is not satisfactory to mo. The Senators
of the United States are also sworn to support
the Constitution and perform their official
duties, and to serve upon a court of impeach-
ment is of course one of their official duties,
and yet it was thought necessary to superadd
in their cases a special oath which they are to
take, by which they are to be bound when they
shall sit as a court of impeachment. The diffi-
culty in my mind in regard to providing an oath
for our Presiding Officer arises from the fact
that we a re sitting here as a Senate; we are
not yet convened as a court; and that we can-
not alone exercise legislative power. _ But with
gentlemen who hold a different opinion and
who suppose that we can frame forms of oath,
no such difficulty will exist. I suggest, there-
fore, to the chairman of the committee that
before we dispose of this subject, we shall, if
we have authority" to act in the case, provide
an oath for the Presiding Officer. We are
making general rules not applicable to the
Chief Justice alone, but to the Vice President
when he shall preside.
Mr. POMEROY. I beg leave to say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that the reason
why Senators have to be sworn in addition to
their usual oath as Senators, is that it is pro-
vided for by the Constitution, which says that
"When sitting for that purpose they shall be on
oath or affirmation and goes on, "when the
President of the United States is tried, the
Chief Justice shall preside," but it does not
say that the Chief Justice shall be sworn. In
the same sentence in which the Constitution
provides that the Senate shall be sworn when
sitting to try an impeachment, it says that the
Chief Justice shall preside, and of course, in
the absence of any requirement of a special
oath, we are to understand that lie is sworn to
the discharge of his duties, and this duty among
the rest, when he took his oath of office. I
believe that is all the oath required of him.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What I desire to insist
on is that there shall be a law prescribing an
oath for the President of the Senate in these
cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania submit any mo-
tion ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no fur-
ther amendment be submitted the rules will
be reported in the Senate.
Mr. McO.'.EHllY. I will submit one fur-
ther amendment. I propose to amend the
third rule by introducing the words "Satur-
days and" before " Sundays," so as to read,
"continue in session from day to day, Satur-
days and Sundays excepted." I think this is
a very important amendment which I am pro-
posing. As I have proposed no amendment
to the Senate which has received its sanction
I do hope that this amendment which I now
oiler will be sanctioned by the Senate.
The Supreme Court of the United States
holds no sessions on Saturdays and Sundays.
This is a very important trial on which we are
about to enter. Grave questions of law will
come up; and in order that we ourselves may
enjo.y some portion of relaxation ; in order
that the counsel on each side may have an op-
portunity of hunting up the authorities which
they intend to rely upon in the case, I hope that
the Senate will not sit on Saturdays, but will
give us an opportunity of collecting and arrang-
ing in our minds the evidence we have heard
and afford the counsel on each side a reason-
able opportunity of collecting the authorities
which they wish to read in the course of the
case. I think, in behalf of ourselves and of
the attorneys and of all parties concerned, it
is a reasonable proposition that we should sus-
pend the operations of this court, or of this
high court, during Saturdays and Sundays.
We should not keep ourselves, the attorneys,
and all concerned on too great a stretch. Give
us time. Give us time to think, time to collect
our ideas and arrange our thoughts, in order
that we may keep up with the evidence in the
cause and all points made during the progress
of the trial.
I do hope, as I said before, that the Senate
will adopt this amendment, and that we shall
be allowed a suspension of that fixed interest
which we must all feel during the progress of
this trial. Give us a little time to look around,
a little time to breathe. Do not press on and
put the spur to us every day from this out, as
has been the case to-night. Give us a little
time. Let us have Saturday and Sunday. If
you hold a session on Saturday there is great
danger that you may run over into Sunday.
On that account I do hope that you will sus-
pend proceedings during these two days, Sat-
urday and Sunday, in imitation of the highest
example we have in this land, the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be offered, the rules will be re-
ported to the Senate. [After a pause.] The
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, have
had under consideration " Rules of procedure
and practice in the Senate when sitting as a
high court of impeachment."
Mr. CONKLING. The words "as a high
court of impeachment" ought to be omitted
from the title.
Mr. POMEROY. That can be done after-
ward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is for the adoption of the amendments to
these rules made as in Committee of the
Whole. Is it the pleasure of the Senate to
take the question on all the amendments to-
gether? If no exception be called for it will
be regarded as the sense of the Senate that the
vote shall be taken on all the amendments to-
gether.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BUCKALEW. There is a little correc-
tion that I desire to make in one of the forms
attached to rule twenty-four. It is the form
of oath for members of the Senate. I move
at the close of the oath to strike out the words
" So help me God." [Laughter.] Iam seri-
ous in this motion. The form now reads very
absurdly. As it stands a member may be af-
firmed, concluding with an appeal to the Su-
preme Being in a form which is excluded by
an affirmation. The words are not necessary
to the oath in the other form, and they ought,
of course, to be left out. You would oblige a
member of the Society of Friends—I do not
know that we have any among the members of
the Senate—to commence with an affirmation
and end with a tremendous oath, in violation
of his conscience. The words are unnecessary
in the ordinary form of oath, and I presume
they may be omitted.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see any necessity
for the amendment. Indeed, I would inquire
whether it is in order at this stage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in order.
The amendment was rejected.
The rules, as amended, were ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and were read
the third time, and passed. The heading or
title to the rules was, on motion of Mr. Conk-
i.tno, amended to read " Rules of Procedure
and Practice in the Senate when sitting on the
Trial of an Impeachment."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I submit amotion that
the rules, as amended, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned at ten o'clock and thirty-seven min-
utes p. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 2, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The reading of the Journal of Saturday was,
by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
IMPEACHMENT 01' TX1E PRESIDES!.
The SPEAKER stated that in obedience to
the order of the House of the 25th ultimo, the
House would now resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
