MM mmimmmAij Qhmm.
May 28,
/
;of Joshua Chamberlain have leave to withdraw
front the Senate flies papers which are here
relating to their case, that they may be used
for reference in the House of Representatives.
There has been no adverse report.
Leave was granted.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT PRIVILEGE.
. Mr. BOSS. I offer the following resolution,
and-ask. for its present consideration :
JResolved, That the House of Representatives bo
requested to furnish to the Senate, for the use of the
Senate committee appointed for the investigation of
charges of corruption in connection with tho trial
pf the impeachment of the President, all testimony
in relation thereto which has been taken by the
-managers of the impeachment on tho part of the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. CONNESS. It would be manifestly
improper to send for a part of that testimony.
When the House of Representatives shall have
concluded their investigation they will undoubt-
edly send the testimony to us.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its considera-
tion to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. Or to-morrow either.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we should reflect
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over, uuder the
rule.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce :
A bill (H. R. No. 448) to change the name
of the ship Golconda; and
A bill (H. R. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia.
The joint resolution (H. II. No. 278) to sup-
ply books and public documents to the national
asylum for disabled volunteer soldiers was read
•twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
/On Military Affairs and the Militia.
representation of arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the order of
the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of the _day_ is before the Senate, having been
laid aside informally.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1039) to admit the State of Arkansas to
representation in Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, tho debate on
which the Senate entered yesterday satisfied
me that the amendment which I had offered to
the bill ought to be modified further. The
fact brought to the attention of the Senate by
the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] that in the act of March 2, 1867,
one of the conditions-precedent to the admis-
sion of any of the rebel States to representa-
tion in Congress was that the pending amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
known as article fourteen, should first have
become a part of the Constitution of the United
States, was a fact that had escaped my recol-
lection. The bill having been passed before I
came into the Senate, that feature of it was not
fresh in my mind. I am satisfied, upon reflec-
tion, that not one of those States should be
admitted to representation in Congress until
that constitutional amendment shall have be-
come a part of the constitution ; and, there-
fore, to present that point distinctly for the
consideration of the Senate in connection with
the other matter, I ask leave again to modify
the amendment of the bill which I presented
in the shape in which I now send it to the
Clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modi-
fication the Senator proposes will be in order
when the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] shall have been dis-
posed of. The question now is on the -amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut. The
modification, however, will be read for the
information of the Senate, and will be consid-
ered at the proper time.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Drake as modified, which was to strikeout all
of the bill after the enacting clause and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That, upon the fundamental condition'hereinafter
expressed, the State of Arkansas, under and with the
constitution thereof adopted in the year 1868. shall
be entitled to be admitted to representation in Con-
gress as one of the States of the Union as soon as the
amendment of the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, shall have become a part of that
constitution: Provided, That the Legislature of said
State shall have first -passed an act agreeing: on be-
half of said State to the following fundamental con-
dition of_such admission, to wit: that there shall
never be in said State any denial or abridgment of
the elective franchise or of any other right to any
person^ by reason or on account of race or color,
excepting Indians not taxed: and that any such
denial or abridgment shall authorize the exclusion,
while it continues, of said State from representa-
tion in Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is npon the amendment
moved by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the word
" Union" in the fourth line, in the following
words :
Upon tho following fundamental condition: that
the constitution of Arkansas shall never be so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen orclass
of citizens of the United States of the right to vote
who are entitled to vote by tho constitution herein
recognised, except as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof they shall
have been duly convicted.
So as to make the bill read :
Be it cnacted, That tbe State of Arkansas is enti-
tled and admitted to representation in Congress as
one of the States of the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope most earnestly that
the proposed amendment will not be adopted.
I think that the bill, if that amendment is
adopted, would be worse than nothing, and a
source of peril to this Republic.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the bill as
proposed to be amended by the amendment
now under consideration is in exact accord-
ance with the reconstruction laws passed by
Congress during the last year and a half, and
is in fulfillment of the pledge given over and
over again by this Congress that upon com-
pliance with certain conditions these States
should be admitted to representation in Con-
gress and to all Federal functions; and it is
because, among other things, I do not wish to
see the plighted faith of Congress, the plighted
faith of the great party to which I belong, and
connected and bound up with which I believe
are all the interests of this country, broken by
this same Congress, that I wish to have the
bill passed without imposing further conditions
than our former legislation had imposed.
In addition, I cannot but regard the condi-
tion as it came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives as violative, not simply of the
spirit of the Constitution of the United States,
but violative of the fundamental principles
upon which republican governments rest every-
where ; for it is a binding of all posterity, or an
attempting to bind all posterity, in the Stale of
Arkansas from altering, amending, or abolish-
ing their constitution, even within the limita-
tions and restrictions imposed by the Consti-
tution of the United States; and, as I said
yesterday, I believe that not even the people
of Arkansas, in convention assembled, can
make a compact with the Government of the
United States to prevent the future change of
the constitution of that State by the people
thereof in the prescribed mode and within the
limitations and restrictions of the Constitution
of the United States. Because, then, I am of
opinion that the imposition of this condition
at the present time is a breaelf of the faith
■which Congress has given' not only to those
States, but to the people of -the entire United
States; and -because I believe the condition
sent to us is violative of the spirit of the Con-
stitution and of the fundamental principles of
republican government, I desire to see this
amendment adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am very
much surprised at the evident mistake of fact
into whioh the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut has fallen with regard to these States.
•I confess that I do not understand how it is
that the Senator has overlooked the fact that
in the act of March 2,1867, which was the ini-
tial point of all this work of reconstruction
under the authority of Congress, there were
several facts required to exist before any of
these States could be admitted into the Union,
and that among these facts was, that the pend-
ing constitutional amendment, known as arti-
cle fourteen, should have become a part of the
Constitution.
Mr. FERRY. Arkansas has ratified that
amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; and the law re-
quired that each of these States should have
ratified it; and it required further that it should
have become a part of the Constitution ; and
so it is that we are invoked now, at the very
time of all others when, in my judgment, we
should not be invoked to do it, to let in these
States one by one before that fundamental
condition-precedent has been complied with,
to wit: the adoption of the constitutional
amendment and its becoming a part of the
Constitution of the country. Twenty-eight
States are needed to ratify that amendment in
order to make it a part of the Constitution.
Twenty-one only, including Arkansas, have
ratified it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you hold that to
be so?
Mr. DRAKE. I hold it to be so, that but
twenty-one have ratified it.
Mr. FOWLER. Does it require twenty-
eight?
Mr. DRAKE. It does require twenty-eight,
in my judgment. At any rate, you never can
get it declared in any such way as to give satis-
faction and peace to the people of this country,
and the conviction that it is rightfully done,
until twenty-eight have ratified it. If Ohio and
New Jersey had let their ratifications stand,
twenty-three would be the number now ; but
they have revoked their ratifications, as, in my
judgment, they had the undoubted right to do
at any moment before the requisite number
had been obtained. Therefore, we are stand-
ing here now with the ratifications of only
twenty-one States. Suppose that others may
differ with me about the right of those States
to withdraw their ratification, at any rate it is
a question, and we ought not to proceed one
step in this ease leaving any debatable ground
behind us. Seven more States have to ratify
this constitutional amendment before if
becomes a part of the Constitution; and
now the proposition of the Senator from Con-
necticut is to ignore and throw away utterly
that particular condition of the admission of
these States and to let them in, one by one, be-
fore that great amendment has been adopted.
Mr. President, I will not vote to admit one of
them, under any circumstances whatever, until
that amendment is a part of the Constitution.
It is to incorporate that feature in the admis-
sion of this State that I have modified my
amendment so as to allow the admission when
that amendment shall have become a part ot
the Constitution, and not before.
Sir, I do not understand this precipitancy
about this matter. We have done without
representation from these States in Congress
for seven years, and certainly we can do with-
out them for seven months to come : ay, sir,
we can do just as well without them for seven
years to come; and in my opinion it would be
better for the interests of the whole country
that they should not be admitted until loyal
