1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Scofield in
the chair,) and proceeded, under the order of
the House, to consider articles exhibited by
the House of Representatives of the United
States, in the name of themselves and all the
people of the United States, against Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, in
maintenance and support of their impeachment
against him for high crimes and misdemeanors
m office.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, it is with feelings of 110 ordinary solicit-
ude for the future peace and happiness of our
country that I assume to address you on one
of the most momentous questions ever pre-
sented to the American Congress—a question
without a precedent in the history of the legisla-
tion of this country. In the brief time allotted
to uie I cannot hope to discuss the evidence
and the law involved in this issue. I can only
hope, in the name of the constituency that. I
represent, to enter my solemn protest against
this proceeding, from its inception to the pres-
ent time, as in violation, in my humble judg-
ment, of the principles upon which this Gov-
ernment rests; in violation of the great principle
of the Constitution which divides the powers
of this Government into three great depart-
ments—legislative, executive, and judicial—
any encroachment, of either one of which upon
the other is dangerous and subversive of the
liberties of the people.
The evidence presented in this question does
not, in my judgment, warrant the Congress of
the United States in presenting these articles.
What are they, and what are the facts pre-
sented by the evidence? But two propositions
are presented. One is that because the Presi-
dent of the United States attempted to remove
Edwin M. Stanton from the office of Secretary
of War he thereby became guilty of a high
crime and misdemeanor, and deserves at the
hands ot' this branch of Congress impeach-
ment, and at the hands of the Senate convic-
tion and removal from oflice. " 0 shame,
where is thy blush?" Can any one look at the
evidence presented in this case, together with
the articles of impeachment presented, and not
blush for the action of the House of Itepre-
sentatives in this case ? Must the President,
can he he removed upon such trivial facts and
circumstances as are here presented ? Can any
man claim that his action has endangered the
peace and happiness of the people of this coun-
try ? Who has suffered ? What portion of the
community have had their rights invaded by
the action of the President as here charged?
Sir, if he can be arraigned, impeached, and
turned out of office for attempting to remove
from his own household a man who was repul-
sive to him, a spy upon his household, where, I
ask, is the guarantee and the security for the
future for any man whom the Republican or
the Democratic party may place in that high
office? I appeal to the opposite side of the
House, pause and reflect before you take this
step and place the Executive of the United
States in the hands of the party in power. At
the mere whim and caprice of party leaders
you propose to strike down the Executive, to
overthrow the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment, who must ultimately decide this ques-
tion unless prevented by Congress, who, it
seems, intend to absorb the entire prerogatives
of those two branches of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, in my judgment, these arti-
cles of impeachment ought not to be, and I
earnestly hope will not be sustained by the
Senate of the United States, much less by the
people, the great source of power to whom the
question must at last be submitted. Where is
the man within the sound of my voice who can
lay his hand on his heart and say that upon a
careful review of his own official acts he lias
never erred, and erred, too. in a manner equally
culpable as it can be claimed by the most ardent
impeaeher that Andrew Johnson has done in
this attempted removal of Secretary Stanton?
What has been the history of the party that
now claims that Andrew Johnson stands in the
way of their reconstruction measures and other
favorite schemes, and therefore he must be
removed ? In days gone by, when their former
President committed acts of violence against
the Constitution and laws, did they apply this
desperate remedy to Abraham Lincoln ? When
ho violated the Constitution and laws of the
country did they seek to impeach him? When
Edwin M. Stanton violated the laws of the
land, as was admitted by every sound lawyer
in the country, did they attempt to impeach
or remove him? No, sir; nothing of the sort;
but, on the contrary, they cherished his crimes
as crown jewels, and gave indemnity by the
passage of acts protecting him and other high
officers from punishment. This cannot be con-
troverted. But now a different course is taken
111 regard to a man that they themselves have
elected.
I did not vote for Andrew Johnson. I de-
fend him only where I believe he is right. I
did everything I could to defeat him. I re-
gret lie was not defeated in 1804. Then we
should have had a restored Union long since,
though to-day I believe ho is honestly and con-
scientiously discharging his duty to'the people
of this entire country under his oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States. He
was driven in 1861, 1 understand, from Ten-
nessee for standing by the Constitution, and
claiming for each department of this Govern-
ment their rights under the Constitution, and
that the States were then, as he claims they arc
now, in the Union and entitled to all the rights
and privileges of sovereign States. For ad-
hering to these life-long opinions, coupled with
a^ patriotic desire to preserve (lie power and
dignity of his high executive oflice from uncon-
stitutional edict, he is now to be driven from
the White House, simply for standing by the
very principles that he enunciated in 1861 and
180-1, after which the Republican party rallied
around him and elevated him to the second
office in the gift of the people.
The next charge is that he had an interview
01- conversation with General Emory, the com-
mander of this post, in which he said ho
doubted the constitutionality of the law passed
attached to an appiopriatiou bill depriving the
President of the United States of his legitimate
power as Commander-in-Chief of the Array of
the United States, and desired to know if there
had been any movement of troops. Thatis all
of it. The Constitution makoshim Commander-
in-Chief, and it was his highest duly to his oath
of office to learn their movements. There is
not an officer of the Army, from General Grant
down to tho lowest subaltern, who has not sol-
emnly sworn that he " will bear true allegiance
to the United States," and that he will
observe and obey the orders of the President
of the United States." This is the oath that
every soldier in the Army to-day has taken.
This is the oath that every General upon this
floor took when lie entered the Army of the
United States. I ask, then, if this oath, which
each and every officer of the Army, including
the commander of this department, has taken,
has been repealed by Congress or have they
absolved these officers fiom observing their
oath, obeying the commands of the Com-
mander in-Chief of the Army of the United
States as established and guarantied by the
Constitution? Then, if that be ttuo, is it a
crime for the President to exercise this consti-
tutional prerogative or for the oliieers under him
to obey his orders? f ask in the name of all
that is reasonable and fair, if there is anything
in this last article of impeachment brought in
here upon which any jury would anywhere con-
vict the poorest, meanest, and humblest indi-
vidual in theland ? No. sir ; they would regard
such evidence as contemptible and unworthy
of consideiation. I can see the reasons which
might possibly animate you to remove Mr.
.Johnson solely for party purposes if you had
not already shorn him of almost every consti-
tutional power he possessed ; but you have done
this by degrees, and I cannot see even the policy
of now endangering the peace of the country
and the liberties of this people by striking
down I he high executive officer, one of the
great departments of the Government. If all
power is in the hands of this House, why not by
one act abolish the Supreme Court, abolish the
Executive, and claim absolute and arbitrary
power over the lives, liberties, and property of
this entire people ? If everything else is to be
blotted out and brought to subserve this party
interest, why not do it boldly and at once?
Declare, in the language of your great chief,
that your batch of reconstruction measures are
outside of the Constitution.
Sir, I appeal to you again, 111 the name of
the people I represent, not to take this fatal
step. Once taken, it may never be iu your
power to recall it. I appeal to you, in the
name of the people of this country and for the
sake of the Union and of peace, that you will
recede from this proposition, so dangerous, in
my humble judgment, to the best interests of
this country. May I entertain the hope that
you will observe the Constitution, repeal your
unconstitutional enactments, that the President
shall be permitted to exercise his powers under
the Constitution, subject alone to that instru-
ment and to the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that great palladium
of the liberties of this people will continue to
protect us and ours through all time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Chairman, the Consti-
tution of the United States divides the powers
of the Government into three distinct and co-
ordinate branches.
Section one of article one provides that—
"All legislative powers herein grunted shall bo
vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives."
Scction one of article two in its first sen-
tence declares that—
" The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of tho United States of America,"
Section one of article three declares that—
" The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
The^ legislative department of the Govern-
ment is responsible only and directly to the
people, the immediate source of power in all
republican Governments.
The executive and judiciary departments of
the Government, while they are finally respon-
sible to the people, are, by the terms of the Con-
stitution, directly accountable to the legislative
department.
The fourth section of the second article of
the Constitution declares that—
"Til„e,J>r04id.en^ Vico President, and all civil offi-
cers of tho United States shall beremoved from office
on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bri-
bery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.''
The last clause of the second section of the
first article of the Constitution declares that—
"Tho IIou«c of Representatives shall choo=c their
Speaker and other officers, and shall have the sole
power oi impeachment."
1 he thiid section of the same article declares,
among other things, that—
The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments.' *
The impeachment and removal from oflice
of the President, Vice President, or any civil
officer,_ for high crimes and misdemeanors in
o.ncfi. is, then, an authority expressly vested in
the Congress of the United States.
This House has solemnly voted, by more than
a two-third vote_that Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, be impeached for
nigh crimes and misdemeanors.
We are to-day considering the repoit of the
committee appointed by the House to prepare
and report articles of impeachment against that
high officer of the Government. Those articles
are now before us. Is he guilty of high crimes
and misdemeanors? The House, as 1 have
before said, has answered that question, and
declared that, m the opinion of this House, he
is guilty, and for his guilt ought to be tried
belore the Senate, the high court of impeach-
ment. The question now to be settled or passed
upon by ^the House is, is he guilty of the crimes
and misdemeanors charged against him in thj
