220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
of the Freed men'a Bureau, I think it would be
well to have the other item, and I move to
amend by including the expenses of refugees.
Mr. DAVIS. Let that be separately stated.
Mr. MOK1ULL, of Maine. 1 have no objec-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it would be im-
possible to state it separately, because the
expenses of refugees and freedmen have been
defrayed from the same fund indiscriminately.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS. If it cannot be done I take it
the officers know it and will so report.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that in very many
instances they have been fed together without
any respcct to the question whether they were
freedmen or refugees. I have no objection to
the resolution, but I do not want it in such a
shape that it cannot be answered.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ken-
tucky truly says that if it turns out that a
separate return cannot be made to this resolu-
tion the officers can so state to the Senate.
That, however, does not at all answer the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Kansas, as it seems
to me. The Senate may choose to have this
whole expense truly stated, and if a proportion
of it be chargeable to refugees the Senate may
choose to know that fact. Now, if the reso-
lution passes confining the officers to a sepa-
rate statement with regard to refugees, and
it turns out that the statements cannot be sep-
arated, the answer to this resolution will be
practically false, because we shall have set
down a commingled account of items all going
into the aggregate to the debit of the Freed-
men's Bureau on account of freedmen. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator from Maine who
offered this amendment that he had better try
the sense of the Senate upon embracing it in
the resolution, whether the officers can make a
separate statement or not. I for one should
like to know, if we may know, as the Senator
, from Kentucky prefers, separately where this
money has gone; but even if we cannot know
separately 1 should like to know the truth, and
certainly not to have the Senate or the country
misled by a report showing apparently that a
certain aggregation of items has gone to the
account of freedmen when in truth some ali-
quot part is chargeable to another account.
Mr. POMEHOY. I agree with what the
Senator from New York has said. He will see,
as every Senator will at once, that the expenses
of the bureau itself cannot be divided in this
way. Will you charge the whole expenses of
the machinery of the Freedmen's Bureau to
freedmen or refugees? You cannot separate
them unless yoi^ say one half shall be charge-
able to one account and the other half to the
other, and that is no separation at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would insert,
then, the words "if practicable."
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate may not
choose to have the statement made at all unless
it can be made fairly, and so as to show pre-
cisely to which of these accounts the items
should go.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand these
accounts to be made up largely of rations ; for
example, so many rations charged and so many
rations issued. Now, it is very improbable
that they will be able to state in each instance
separately to whom those rations went. If
they cannot all they can do is to return the
general fact, and if it was applicable to both
treedmen and refugees they ought to say so;
if only to one class, to say that.
Mr. POMEROY. There is another consid-
eration, and that is that very many of the refu-
gees were freedmen. The refugees themselves
were in many instances and to a very large
extent freedmen, so that it will be impossible
to give the precise amount in the manner indi-
cated by the resolution. I think it had better
be considered before it is passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As a matter of
fact I think I know from examination of the
reports that the accounts are kept entirely dis-
tinct; that the Freedmen's Bureau keeps its
accounts so distinct that they show precisely
what rations have been issued to refugees and
what to freedmen.
Mr. POMEROY. But this embraces some-
thing besides rations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Expenses?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
cannot conceive that there can be any difficulty
on that account.
Mr. POMEROY. But to whom will you
charge the expenses of the bureau ?
Mr. DAVIS. To the bureau.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the resolution
had better lie over until to-morrow, and be
examined by some committee to see whether
the report called for can be made.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know how
the honorable Senator from Kansas or my
friend from New York can come to the knowl-
edge that this resolution cannot be answered ;
that it is impracticable to answer it. I suppose
that if there is ordinary good bookkeeping in
the Departments it is a very easy matter to
answer it.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me ask the Senator
which party will he charge the expenses of the
bureau to ?
Mr. DAVIS. I want to know the whole cost
of the Freedmen's Bureau. I do not care who
are the parties, whether they are negroes, or
Indians, or whites, or who.
Mr. POMEROY. That we can tell by our
appropriations.
Mr. DAVIS. But I want an aggregated state-
ment. I first want an aggregated statement of
the cost of the freedmen since the 30th of June,
1865. I suppose that every expenditure of the
Departments for the benefit of freedmen is
set down in items that explain themselves. I
suppose the freedmen are negroes, or were
negroes once, and I am inclined to think they
are so yet and ever will be. Some gentlemen,
I know, entertain a different opinion. How-
ever, they are colored. I do not know whether
black is a color or white is a color, we are so
deceived in these phrases at the present day ;
but I want to know the whole cost of the freed-
men to the Government of the United States ;
that is, the aggregate cost since June 30, 1865.
Then I want to know the cost of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. POMEROY. But the resolution is not
so drawn.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, it is; or if it is not, draw
it so ; I will submit to your correction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived when the unfinished business of
yesterday is in order.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
313) making partial appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1867, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
occupation of san juan island.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President be respectfully re-
quested t<) communicate to the Senate, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, any agreement be-
tween the Government of the United States and that
of Great Britain in relation to the occupation of the
island of San Juan, in Puget's sound, with copies of
any correspondence on the subject of the claims of
the respective Governments to said island, and a
statement of the reasons why the Government of the
United States has permitted ajoint occupation of the
same to Great Britain.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better lie
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. It. No. 813) making partial
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
cotton tax.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (H.
R. No. 207) to provide for the exemption of
cotton from internal tax. That bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the pending question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, an argu-
ment which should prove the tax on cotton to
be erroneous and pernicious, and should prove
further that such a tax must forever continue
erroneous and pernicious, would still fall short
of convincing me that the measure now under
consideration ought to be adopted at this time.
We are told that an excise of4wo and a half
cents per pound on our domestic cotton is likely
to enable Egypt, India, and Brazil permanently
to underbid the South in the markets of the
world. This seems to me quite questionable,
to say the least, and at another time I shall beg
leave to submit some suggestions in regard to
it; but I pass it now.
Again, we are told that a tax on cotton has
been rendered onerous by the increased cost
of production which emancipation has imposed.
To dispute this assertion stands the fact, among
others, that one bale of cotton for every cotton
hand was good husbandry for slavery, and now
we have six bales to the hand; in some in-
stances, as in Georgia, ten bales to the hand.
The effect of a fair day's wages for a fair day's
work in the production of cotton has been to
yield an increase of sixfold; nay, in some in-
stances tenfold.
Again, we are told that this tax trenches upon
the Constitution. That is a question for the
courts.
Mr. POMEROY. The President might decide
that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Kan-
sas suggests that the President might decide it.
Perhaps his decision might be conclusive with
the Senator from Kansas ; but other Senators
would prefer to have such a question go to the
courts.
Again, sir, it is said that the cotton bug and
drought and the disorganization of labor have
inflicted great injury upon the cotton crop of
1867. Well, sir, there is much to be said about
that. With labor disorganized, with society in
the condition in which it has been in the South,
with the country just emerged from a terrible
war, during the second season afterward the
production amounted to three fourths as much
as the highest yield in any cotton season ever
known, according to my recollection. But
suppose the cotton crop of 1867 has suffered
severely ; it proves, if it proves anything on
this subject, not that permanent and absolute
relief or the release of cotton from all tax is
necessary ; it hardly proves that temporary
relief is called for. The logic of that fact
would be, in this discussion, to show that the
crop already picked should be released ; that
the tax should be recalled and refunded ; and
yet we all know that that would be barren of
advantage to those whose interest is especially
presented here.
It is said again that the price of cotton is
drooping and languishing. The tax did not
produce that effect; it is temporary; and the
depression in the case of cotton is no greater
than in the case of other productions—not so
great as in the case of wool, for example.
But, Mr. President, let us admit for this
argument that all these objections exist; let us
admit that they are conclusive in showing that
the tax on cotton ought to be modified, ought
to be suspended temporarily, or abolished
finally; does it follow that we are to isolate this
particular subject from every other kindred
subject and prefer it before all others? This
tax was never imposed as a separate measure.
No tax was ever laid on cotton as an independ-
