104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 15,
Senate.
Contraction of the Currency—Mr. Sprague.
40th Cong—2d Sess.
their knapsacks and went to seek protection
and security in the dominions of Queen Vic-
toria, and they now come back and ask us to
give them the control of the Government.
Sir, history teaches us that Christianity had
its Judas; that llome in her demoralization
had her Cataline. But in 18G0 the Democratic
party had its hundreds and thousands of men
who, having enjoyed the protection of our Gov-
ernment, raised their arms against the flag
that had protected them.
Restore the Government to the hands of the
Democratic party! Why, sir, the proposition
is monstrous to contemplate. They ask us to
admit back into full fellowship the very rebels
who have done their utmost to overturn the
Government and who yet have exhibited no
sign of repentance or sorrow for their crimes.
Why, sir, the great arch rebel himself, who
was expelled from Heaven for his treason, has
never asked to be restored to his ancient posi-
tion without faith or repentance; but Democ-
racy says: "Let rebels come back without
either."
Mr. Chairman, leaving this branch of the
subject, 1 now pass on to notice the next great
conspirator, the accessory to all this crime
against liberty and republican government—I
mean the President of the United States. In a
speech made at Nashville on the 9th of June,
18G4, heuses the folio wing patriotic sentiments:
"And let me say thatnow is the time to secure theso
fundamental principles, while tho land is rent with
anarchy anduphe.ives with tho throes of a mighty
revolution. While society is in this disordered stnto
and we are seeking security let us fix tho foundation
of the Government 011 principles of eternal justioo
which will endure for all time."
And again, in the same speech, while his
heart was beating responsive with patriotic
impulse for the punishment of traitors, he pro-
nounced the punishment due to the men who
had raised the parricidal hand against the Gov-
ernment, as follows:
" If we are so cautious about foreigners, who volun-
tarily renounce their homes to live with us, what
should we say to tho traitor who, although born and
reared amongus, has raiscdapiirricidalhanda^ausst
the Government wtrich always protected him? Mv
judgment is tliat ho should be subjected toaseveio
ordeal before he is restored to citizenship."
Now, sir, what severe ordeal has the Presi-
dent requited the traitor to pass through be-
fore he restores liim to citizenship? None.
He simply issues his executive edict and re-
stores them to all the rights of citizenship 011
tho condition that they worship at the slu-ino
of treason and proclaim upon the house-tops
that he is the Alpha and Omega, the beginning
and the end, of tho Constitution—that in him
is centered the legislative, judicial, and exec-
utive departments of the Government, or,
more properly speaking, the Constitution—
manifest in the flesh.
But, sir, I pass on to notice some other
points. It will be recollected that 011 the 22d
of February, 1866, Andrew Johnson made a
speech, in which he indicated the policy he
was to pursue during the remainder of his
term. What did he say ?
"I came into power under the Constitution of tho
country and with the approbation ot the people, and
whatdidl lind? I found eisht millions ot people
who were convicted, condemned under tho law, and
the penalty was death; and, through revengo aud
reaentmeut, were they all to be annihilated? Oil!
may f not exclaim, how different would this bo from
the example set by the rounder of our holy religion,
wliohediviuearelirestsitsextremities on the horizon
while its span embraces tho universol Yes, lie that
founded this great scheme came into tho World and
saw men condemned under tho law, and tho sentence
was death. What was His example? Instead of
putting tho world or a nation to death tie went forth
on the cross and testified with His wounds that tto
would die and let the world live."
Now, Mr. Chairman, if President Johnson
could only follow that illustrious example and
die speedily I have no doubt the loyal people
would feel somewhat easier; for then the
wicked would cease frotr troubling, and the
wearied nation for a timj would be at rest.
But, Mr. Chairman, Christ required two con-
ditions—faith and repentance. The President
of tho United States, however^ requires no
repentance. All he asks is faith in this second
Moses. I vrould to God that the Republican
party had left him in the Democratic bullrushes
long before he reached the presidential chair.
But the President now comes in and very
modestly says to Congress, " 1 differ with you
in opinion, and I ask you to repeal your acts
of reconstruction." He asks us to repeal the
very laws by which we are seeking to give to the
loyal people of those States republican forms
of government.
But tho President says that the object of
these reconstruction measures is to give the
negroes of the South the control of these State
governments. Sir, he knows and we all know
that in five of these ten States a large majority
of the registered voters are white voters, and
those States where the white voters preponder-
ate gave the largest majorities in favor of con-
ventions. while in tho live States in which the
negroes had a majority of the registered voters
there was but a small majority in favor of hold-
ing conventions. I should like to know from
the President how four millions of ignorant
and debased slaves, as he claims, are going to
rule aud control tho destinies of thirty millions
of the intelligent white race.
But, sir, I am done with the President. The
Democratic party have lately adopted him and
taken him into lull fellowship and communion
into their church. On the Sth of January the
Democratic parly of my own State passed a
glowing tribute and eulogy to liis treachery to
freedom. I am glad I10 has found a home ;
that where Democracy is there he may be also.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Sit-
urkavek] has told us this morning that this
great Republican party is going to luin the
countiy. Now, I ask any honest, candid man
what has Democracy ever done for this land ?
It was Democracy that-made war upon the
Constitution and the Government; it was
Democracy that carried on the war and north-
ern Democracy that protracted it so as to
fasten upon this people $2,oOO,000,000 of na-
tional debt, to be a tax for all time to come
upon the properly of our children; it was
Democracy tbatdeclared you could not conquer
these rebels at the South; it was Democracy
that told us that ten millions of the Anglo-
Saxon race, bone of our bone and blood of
our blood, never could bo subjugated. Our
loyal soldiers said that they would put down
the rebellion, and they did put it down, with
the lire of rebels 111 Iront and the lire of cow-
ardly Democrats in the rear; and when this
great pacific policy of reconstruction shall have
been carried out we will have the noblest, the
freest, aud the most powerful Government on
the face of the earth, and our children will
rise up and call us blessed.
What lias ladiculism done? Itwas radicalism
that furnished the men and money to carry 011
the war; it was radicalism that built the proud-
est navy that floats upon the waters of the earth;
it was radicalism that carried 011 this greatwar
and put down the rebellion ; it is radicalism,
the great progressive civilization of the ago, that
is to-day building the Pacilic railroad, the great
iron artery of commerce that connects the two
oceans, aud in less than two years more, under
this great progressive radical policy, you will
sec the brazen steed, as he climbs the towering
summits of the Roeky mountains, conveying to
the great commercial metropolis of the East
the products of the mines of the Pacilic and
carrying back the work of the artists and me-
chanics of the great North. Radicalism will
yet nail upon the top of that great ice column
of Alaska tho flag of the American Union. It
is radicalism that is establishing in the revolted
provinces in the South, desolated by war, the
school-house where the slave-pen stood, and
which will, under the productive energies of
free labor, make that great country, what God
designed it to be, the Eden of the American
Usion.
Talk about radicalism ! Sir, the people of
this country will hold the Democracy to the
dark, damning, black record they made during
the war, and Democratic orators will find^ no
welcome response from the people to the idle
acclamation that the Republican party are dis-
franchising the white man to place the negro
in supremacy. Such appeal to the passion and
prejudice of the ignorant and degraded may
win to them a few votes. But_ the intelligent
aud virtuous will stand by the integrity ot the
Union party, who are true to the pulsations of
liberty. The Democracy say: "Oh, wipe it
out; do not bring up that record against us
now." Sir, I will tell you when the American
people will wipe out that record. When the
Democracy shall go down to Andersonville and
galvanize into life the sixteen thousand loyal
men that were there starved to death by rebel
cruelty and restore them to their mothers, their
wives, and their children ; when they shali go
up to Arlington Heights, once owned by the
traitor Lee, and call up from their graves the
thousands of brave men who sleep there and
give them back to the country; when they
shall go to the tomb of the immortal Lincoln,
upon whose grave the tears of a nation were
shed, and restore him to life, and wipe off the
bloody winding sheet of the assassin from his
brow, and place him in the chair now dishon-
ored by a vile usurper of the Constitution of
Ins country, and pay off the debt they have made
by giving aid and comfort to the rebellion ; it
will then be time enough to seal up the book
that contains their history.
Mr. Chairman, while we sit here in the
Council Chamber of the nation and hear the
voice of the people saying to us, '• Stand by
the integrity of the Government; stand by the
great principle of liberty," we hear, also, whis-
pers coming from the graves of three hundred
thousand patriots, martyrs for liberty, saying,
"Do not dishonor the brave who fell in de-
fense of their country's flag." When the hosts
of freedom shall marshal their battalions for
the approaching political struggle Democratic
politicians may well exclaim, •' Oh, that we
had the wings of the morning, that we might
fly to the uttermost parts of the earth," where
no radical shall disturb the repose of our
ignoble remains.
Mr. Chairman, I have great faith in the
future of the Republic. I am one of those who
believe there is a Providence that controls it.
I believe the same great right arm that enabled
Washington to wrest the sword from the hand
of Britain's chieftain and nerved the arm of
the gallant Meade with our patriot soldiers to
place the crowning cap of victory 011 the
smoking summit of Gettysburg, will still pre-
serve a party faithful to liberty, justice, and
humanity.
"X/ihorty crushed to earth shall rise again:
The eternal years of God are hers;
But treason, "wounded, writhes with pain,
And dies among his worshipers."
Contraction of the Currency.
SPEECH OP HON". WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
of rhode islaxd,
ix the United States Sexatk,
January 15, 1SCS.
The Senate, as in Committeo of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill(XI. R. .No. 21S; to sus-
pend further reduction of tho currency-
Mr. SPRAGUE said:
Mr. Puts id est: 1 have a great interest in
the principles involved in this bill, bat little
i: interest in the bill itself. It is a temporary
I' measure, and essentially deceptive. If the
K receipts going into your Treasury are greater
ji than your expenditures to the extent of the
deficiency, contraction continues. As the
SI6,000,000 compound-interest notes tall due,
