1867.
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
"221
eat, abstract proposition. The tax npoa cot-
ton enter* into the geueral revenuescheme and
revouuo system of the country. It was incor- ,
porated tu that system and adjusted to adapt
itself to other portions of the scheme. The
tax was not laid in freak nor in vengeance;
and I beg to gay that it was not laid as a tem-
porary or passing measure. Haviug been a
member of the Committee of Way sand Means,
by which comjnittee the tax was originally
rvported, I think I mar safely say, and my hon-
orable friend from Vermont, [Mr. Mojuuli>,1
who was then chairman of the committee, will
agree with me, that this measure was included
in the general revenue bill as a permanent, as
an ordinary measure entering into the economy
of revenue. Certainly it was not a war meas-
ure. Everybody knew that the war must wane,
if not cease, before to any extent it could
succeed. The collection of this tax to any
extent pre-supposed a return of peace; and it is
not true, whatever commissioner may have
fallen into the error, that it was adopted at all
as an accompaniment of the war. On the con-
trary, it was believed that this great staple when
we were marshaling all oar resources ought to
be made to pay tribute to the country, and it
was believed that a large part of the burden
would fall upon foreign buyers. Therefore it
was adopted. The first recommendation was
of fire cents a pound, aad the committee so
reported, but it was fixed by Congress at two
cents. In the progress of time and legislation
it rose to three and afterward fell to two and a
half cents, the present rate.
Mr. President, the Congresses by which this
tax was dealt with and imposed, I think, have
earned exemption from the charge of vindic-
tiveness in adjusting the revenues of the oonn-
try. _ The same Congress which adopted the
provision as it stands suspended the direct
tax in every insurrectionary State; nay, sir,
Rispended it before one single State had paid
it in full, and to this day many of them have
never paid it at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the gentleman
if he refers to the tax upon land.
Mr. CON KLING. 1 refer to the direct tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if
that was not suspended in regard to all the
States?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But merely in regard
to the irwnrrectionary States alone I
Mr. SHERMAN. The others have all
paid it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator from
New York refer to the $20,000,000 tax ?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him to name any adhering State,
any northern State, which did not pay or
arrange the direct tax ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The direct tax—if by
that the Senator refers to the $20,000,000
tax—was suspended in the northern States; it
was not continued. A portion of one year's
tax perhaps was collected.
Mr. CONKLING. Do not let tis chaffer
about terms. Does the Senator mean that the
tax was not paid in the northern States ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I mean that that tax
was not continued as a part of the system in
the North or South either.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
that the original tax as imposed was not paid
by the northern States, every State paying its
qnota?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
made a wrong impression in regard to it—that j
that tax was suspended in the insurrectionary !
States alone, xhe point I make is, that that
tax was not continued upon any of the States. 1
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I -think \
my statement was very intelligible, and the
historical and financial fact is very palpable
and clear: a direct tax was laid, and payment
of that tax was made by the adhering States;
and Virginia and North Carolina, according
to my recollection, paid a portion of their
direct tax, and perhaps some other State may
have paid an installment. In that state of the
case the collection or the payment, whichever
the phrase may be, of tlgat tax was suspended
as to the insurrectionary States, and to this
day it has never been paiu. That is ray propo-
sition. If I am wrong about it the Senator
will set me right. I say further that Congress
exempted from taxation sugar machinery, cot-
ton machinery, and various implements and
apparatus applicable especially and entirely to
the South; and I say thafr*in the adjustment
of the revenue system of the country a helping
hand has in every way bean extended to these
destitute communities.
I beg leave to say herp, without allowing
myself to digress into a political discussion,
that if one political party in this country—and
especially if the visible head of this Govern-
ment—had allowed these communities to at-
tend to the real business of reconstruction,
■their case would have been a great deal bet-
ter to-day than it is; and bo would ours. If
their atteution had been given to building and
planting and sowing and mending and re-cre-
ating and getting tGeir own living in place of
blustering and swaggering about representa-
tion in Congress, my belief is that they would
have been richer, happier, and in better con-
dition, and so would the whole country; and
it is not the fault of the financial legislation of
Congress, at all events, that this has not been
done.
Bat, sir, I was going to say that this tax was
laid in the spirit in which other taxes were
imposed; and now we are told that it has
turned out to be grievous; and what is the
proposition ? To take it up and consider it in
connection with other interests groaning and
languishing and drooping, because there are
many interests which do languish and droop
and £roau for relief? Is the proposition to
take K up and look at it by itself and in rela-
, lion to other things? . Not at all, sir; but to
select it from everything else, and in a special
| act, (hastily devised, and I do not kaow but that
| I might almost say crude,) an act put on its
j passage in the House of Representatives on
| the 4th of December, Congress having assem-
; bled at this session on the 2d of December,
passed at once, and coming to us to give, not
temporary relief, not to adjust this tax to what
may be the temporary exigencies of the people
upon whom it is to act, but once for all, on the
spur of the occasion, to let go absolutely
between twenty and thirty millions of revenue,
to be made up we know not where.
Is it true, sir, that nothing else presses with
regard to our revenues as the subject Of cotton
does ? Look at the tax on whisky, and look at
the administration of its collection, with fraud
holding high oarnival everywhere and infusing
corrupt disorder through the whole internal
revenue service. If we could deal thoroughly
with whisky and make it pay its tax we could
exempt cotton we could disenthrall the indus-
try of the country, and take off the shackles
whieh weigh down the arms of labor every-
where. Is not this subject worth discussing,
worth consideration, at least, as well as the sub-
ject of cotton ? Look at manufactures weighed
down in many branches by duplicated and
quadruplicated taxes, and more than languish-
ing—staggering.- Ought not they to be consid-
ered ? If so, why should not this measure be
postponed and taken up at a proper time and
in a proper place? Why should we not sit
down and scrutinize estimates, gauge appro-
priations, look over and see how much money
it is absolutely necessary to raise when we have
done our duty in the way of retrenchment and
frugality? Why not begin by arranging to lop
off every excrescence, everything that can be
dispensed with in the way of public outgo, and
then foot np and find out the sum total from
which we cannot escape, and arrange the rev-
enue system of the country accordingly ? Then
we can relieve the burden wherever it is heav-
iest. The tax on cotton, very likely, is one of
the thingp to be suspended temporarily, or
abolished finally, or diminished, as my honor-
able friend from Indiana [Mr. Morton] pro-
poses.
I expect to vote for some of these proposi-
tions, but I prefer not to do so now. I would
like to know where this is to hit. I would like
to know whether this specific deficit of twenty
odd millions must be made up somewhere else.
If it need not be, I would like to know whether
other twenty millions which rest grievously
upon the shoulders of those who bear thfemean
be dispensed with. If not, I would like an
equalizing process, and have everybody profit
isomewhat by it. But we cannot do that now.
Why should we attempt to do it now? It is
said that at Christmas, following the old usage
of which we used to hear in the South, hands
are engaged in gangs or otherwise, and those
who are purposing to raise cotton make up
their minas to what extent they will cultivate
it, and how far they will devote their ground
to the cereal grains. Very well, sir; that is a
mere incident; that is a consideration which,
although important in itself, is relatively so
insignificant in looking all over this country
that I may affirm that during the whole post-
ponement of a revision of the revenue other
interests equally meritorious, represented by
persons equally numerous, will suffer at least
equally, and I think more.
Now, Mr. President, I should prefei for one
to postpone this whole subject until such time
as the regular revenue bill shall be before us;
and unless some other Senator shall submit
that motion I will move at a convenient time
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until February or March, or the
proper time, or indefinitely. In the ereat that
that motion should fail, then I prefer to vote
for the amendment which I indicated Ifcst night,
and to which I beg for one moment to ask the
attention of the Senate.
The proposition in the bill now is, as I said,
once for all to let go the whole tax on cotton,
because we all understand that no improvement
in cotton raising, no appreciation of the mar-
ket, no demonstration that cotton ought to pay
a tax the year after next, will restore to the
statute-book this Obliterated provision. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] well said
that it was much easier to keep it as it is, even
though in a state of suspension, than to erase
it in the hope of putting it back. Now, if we
are to pass anything at this time, let us give an
opportunity to those interested fairly to try the
experiment. Let them .during the year 1868
raise their cotton without let or hinderanee.
Emancipate it from every burden for that year,
and let as see the result. That is all that can
be done for that year; and if it turns ont well,
if it turns out to be a wise and economical pro-
vision, as we are told, some Congress will be
here a year from now by which this same sus-
pension can be continued either for another
year or a longer period, or indefinitely. I
submitthatevery advantage which can be gained
now by the passage of this bill as it is will be
attained by applying it to one single year as a
test, leaving, as that will, in the hands of Con-
gress the power to continue the relief, as I
say, indefinitely and permanently afterward.
Whereas, if by passing the bill as it is now, it
turns out that legislation is not a cure for every-
thing that the laws of trade and the accidents
of seasons and the hap-hazards of the money
market bring upon those engaged in a particu-
lar venture, the result will be that we snail not
have reserved the power to act. It may be
very well that we have the staff in our hands.
Now, sir, I will at this time, if it be a proper
time, or I will hereafter, submit a motion that
this bill be postponed to a convenient period.
It is a proper motion unless some one wishes
to offer an amendment to the amendment pend-
ing, offered by the Senator from Maryland. In
that event, perhaps, I had better wait nntil
after that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to postpone is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I make that motion, and
if it is lost at the proper time I shall beg to
offer my amendment making the bill apply
clearly to raw cotton, so that it cannot embrace
anything else, and confining it to the year 1868.
