1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
supremacy in eveiy one of them and over every
foot of every one of them shall have been reas-
serted and reestablished. What are we to
gain, what is the country to gaip, by pushing
these States back into the places that they
pushed themselves out of by war and blood-
shed? Where is the benefit? Where is the
benefit in a national point of view ? Where is
the benefit in a party point of view, if you
choose to speak of it in that respect? You
are hastening back States here where rebelism
is pervading them from end to end; and what
kind of men are you going to have in Congress
when you do get them back here ? Sir, you
had better look at that. W hat do you know
about the Senators and Representatives that
are to eomc here ? What do you know about
the men that are to come here from States all
steeped as they have been for years in treachery
and treason ? Do you think they will all send
men here who do not know how to be treach-
erous, too? Why this haste ? Other Senators
have stuck here for months past upon the con-
ditions of the reconstruction acts, and now you
want to rush these States in in violation of
those conditions.
Sir, I stand by those acts. I oppose with
all my might the admission of a single one of
these States until that fourteenth article is a
part of the Constitution. I will not vo*e for
the admission of one of them till that event
occurs.
Mr. MORTON. I shall say but a few words,
Mr. President. I should like to inquire what
is to be gained by keeping the State of Arkansas
out until all the other States are prepared to
come in with her, and to come in, as intimated
by the Senator from Missouri, in an omnibus
bill, all at once ? What is to be gained by
keeping the State of Arkansas under a non-
descript government which is principally rebel,
with rebel State officers, with rebel county
officers, and with no protection to Union men
except that which is furnished by the military,
and which is very slight and only goes to pro-
tection against the principal outrages that may
be committed ?
Mr. President, is it not better for the interest
of the Government, the interest of the Union
men of these several States, to admit them as
fast as they are prepared to come in under a
loyal State government, with loyal officers,
under constitutions guarantying equal rights
to all men, to receive them one by one as they
are ready to come ? Can any benefit be sug-
gested by keeping Arkansas under her present
form of government and in her present condi-
tion until, if you please, Virginia, which is
perhaps in the worst condition of any of these
States, is prepared to come in along with her?
No, sir; 1 say bring them in, one at a time,
just as fast as they are prepared and qualified
to come in. It is due to the Union men of
those States to admit them, and the Union
party in the whole land will be strengthened.
The Senator from Missouri refers to the
reconstruction act of March 2, 1807, which I
believe contains the following language:
" And when they shall have adopted the amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen, and when said article shall have
become a part of the Constitution of the United
States."
When it shall have become a part of the
Constitution of the United States, then these
States may be admitted. I should like to ask
the Senator how it can become a part of the
Constitution of the United States unless these
States are first admitted, because their vote of
ratification cannot be counted until after the
admission of the State. Therefore, in order
to give effect to it they must first be admitted,
because their votes of ratification go for nothing
while they occupy their present condition.
Do not all admit that? Therefore, to construe
this provision literally, it is impracticable—
except upon the doctrine of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,,] that these States
are not to be counted as States in determining
the question of ratification, and that we shall
simply look to two thirds of those that were
in an organized condition at the time of the
passage of the constitutional amendment, ac-
cording to which proposition it is already
ratified.
But, sir, to give it a liberal construction,
and to suppose that it means until enough of
these States shall have ratified the constitu-
tional amendment in. advance, so that when
admitted afterward the number will be suffi-
cient to make it a part of the Constitution, and
thus the amendment becoming a part of the
Constitution after their admission and by effect
of it, giving it that liberal construction, I still
ask what is to be gained ? If South Carolina,
North Carolina, Georgia, and Arkansas are
ready to come in, have organized their new
State governments, shall we keep them out
one, two, three, or seven years, as the Sena-
tor says, until Virginia is ready to come in ?
Shall we keep these States under their present
unfortunate governments, in their present dis-
organized and disorderly condition, instead of
giving the people the benefit of a regularly
organized loyal State government? If Ark-
ansas has organized that kind of government,
let us give her the benefit of it at once. If
Georgia has done the same thing, give her the
benefit of it; first, of course, requiring the
State Legislature to ratify the constitutional
amendment, so far as Georgia is concerned,
and so on.
Now, sir, how are we to construe this pro-
vision? Giving it a literal construction, it is
inoperative altogether. To give it a liberal
construction in the way I suggest, which is
not the one given to it by the Senator from
Missouri, still we have a right to waive it. The
same Congress that made the law can waive
it; and when there is no possible advantage
to bo gained, but every disadvantage may be
suffered by delay, let us take these States by
the hand, one at a time, as they shall come to
us. Sir, the loyal State government of Ark-
ansas has been organized under great diffi-
culties. The Union men there have made
great sacrifices and have incurred great labor.
Shall they keep up the present organized con-
dition of the Union party there from year to
year until such time as we choose to admit
them and all the rest are prepared to come in
at the same time? Sir, they cannot sustain
themselves. The State government is in the
hands of their enemies. It would be a matter
of gross, of criminal injustice to them, in my
opinion, to say, "You must wait until Old
Virginia"—a State over which the people of
Arkansas have no power—" shall be ready to
come in along with you." No, sir, let us take
these States by the hand, one by one, when
they shall be prepared to come in.
Mr. McCREEllY. Mr. President, as one
of the representatives of the State of Kentucky,
I am unwilling to cast a vote upon the measure
now tinder consideration without attempting
to assign some of the reasons for my oppo-
sition.
When I entered the Senate I expected that
many months would elapse before I would take
an active part in its deliberations. But the
public servant who does not raise his voice in
the present crisis may find himself and his
constituents as voiceles;! as the tomb before the
expiration of a single year. The current of
events is deep and turbid, and sweeps on rapidly
to destruction. The glorious past, with its sun-
shine and its safety, fades from the mind, and
the dread future, with its darkness and its dan-
ger, rises before us. In less time than it took
our ancestors to achieve their independence
the Republican party have uprooted the fund-
amental principles of our system. The safe-
guards which were thrown around the rights
of the citizen, as well as the landmarks which
were erected to protect the different depart-
ments in the exercise of their delegated powers,
have been obliterated and destroyed: and,
instead of the symmetry and simplicity of our
old republican institutions, the nation this day
groans under the weight of a compound Radical
iniquity, which may be denominated a civil,
circumspect, military, despotic, represented,
and unrepresented confederation of States*
principalities, and powers.
The wise and good men who framed our
Constitution were careful to mark the lines of
power and to place limitations upon its arbi-
trary exercise. The controlling purpose of
their minds was to promote the general wet
fare, to place every citizen and every State on
a footing of perfect equality of right and priv-
ilege with every other citizen and every other
State. Taxation, representation, and, in fact,
all the burdens and blessings of civil govern-
ment, were arranged, as far as it was practica-
ble and possible, upon this basis of equality.
If I may be pardoned for the utterance of an
unwelcome truth, the rights} and privileges of
citizenship were confined, and were intended
to be confined, to the white people of tb.e Uni-
ted States; and negroes and Indians were ex-
cluded, and intended to be excluded, from their
exercise. The negro was the subject of taxa-
tion as well as of representation, but the white
man paid for him and voted for him; and, as
far as my reading has gon<-, I do not remem-
ber that any statesman of that day made any
claim of social and political equality in his
behalf. The Constitution recognized him as
property, and that recognition has been repeat-
edly confirmed by judicial sanction. Our Con-
stitution, then, was made by white men, and
established a perfect equality of right among
white men.
Its general provisions and its positive decla-
rations were designed to preserve and main-
tain this sacred principle of equality intact and
inviolate. The basis of representation was
settled, uniformity of taxation established, au4
to avoid the possibility of undue advantage
it was solemnly affirmed that exclusive priv-
ileges should never be granted to any man or
set of men. Such is the true intent and mean-
ing of the Constitution ; and I submit the ques-
tion whether or not the present revenue laws
of the United States are in accordance with
these wise, salutary, and just provisions? For
by that ordeal, in my humble judgment, they
must stand or fall. I would also inquire whether
or not a contract entered into between the Gov-
ernment and individuals exempting the latter
from their obligation to pay their just and equal
proportion of taxation has any binding force ?
whether the taxation is present or prospective,
is or is not such a contract unconstitutional,
null, and void ? Can a loyal man bargain with
his Government for such an advantage over
his fellow-citizens ? Can the Government it-
self divide our people into two distinct classes,
informing one class that they are to pay all
taxes and the other that they are to pay none?
If the Government has such powers, the limit-
ations and restrictions of the Constitution are
the idlest and emptiest vanities that ever
deluded or amused mankind.
The Constitution is and must remain the
supreme law of this land until revolution, civil
or military, shall establish a higher law in its
stead. With me there is no law higher than
the Constitution. I admire its precepts; I
desire to live in obedience to its requirements
and to die under its protection, leaving it in
full force and vigor as an inheritance to my
children and to posterity. We have been free,
happy, and prosperous under its influence, and
we turn with pleasure from the rash and reek-
less radicalism of the present hour to the
cherished memories of the patriots who spent
their lives in its defense. The mortal remains
of Daniel Webster have passed to the grave,
but ho has left a fame which passeth not away.
By common consent in intellectual majesty he
stood peerless and alone. In Senate and in
Cabinet, at home and abroad, by land and by
sea, he received the homage of the literate and
the illiterate of every country and of every
clime. Tyrants respected him as their most
powerful foe, and the friends of civil and
religious liberty throughout the world acknowl-
edged him as their champion. Although he
was five thousand miles from the scene, his
tongue was as potent in the cause of Greece as
the sword of Bozzaris. His patriotism was not
