2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
sectional, and confined to certain degrees of
latitude and longitude, but it embraced the
'United States of America and received the
Constitution as the bond, and the sole bond, of
their Union.
The ardor of youth, the strength of man-
hood, and the maturity of age were industri-
ously .employed in studying and unfolding the
b&rniorty and beauty of our complex system.
His mission - was a success, and he won a
crawfr more honorable than the laurel worn
by the Itoman conqueror. When the African
tace shall have become extinct on this conti-
nent ; when all the Radicals here and elsewhere
shall be dead and forgotten ; when the stones
which mark their resting-places shall have
grumbled into sand, even then, and for ages
afterward, the granite hills and the green val-
leys of Massachusetts and New Hampshire
will be associated in grateful hearts with the
Hame and the fame of Daniel Webster, the
great expounder of the American Constitution.
Would that Massachusetts and New Hamp-
shire, or all New England combined, could
furnish another Webster; that Clay could rise
from the shades of Ashland, or that Jackson
could emerge from the solitudes of the Her-
mitage—one or all—for an effort such as they,
and they only, could make to save the Consti-
tution.
But the subjects of discussion have greatly
changed of late. Constitutional issues are no
longer in vogue, but questions of finance are
the engrossing topics of the day. The Gov-
ernment requires avast amount of finance, and
from the present scale of taxation it appears
to be seeking the precise point at which the
laborer can subsist, intending to appropriate
the balance of his means to its own purpose.
That point is not only reached, but it is passed
already. During the last fiscal year more than
five hundred million dollars were expended.
This entire sum has to be raised by taxation.
The tax collected by State governments for
State purposes, and to pay interest on State
bonds, is about half as much, or $2-30,000,000,
and the county and city taxes collected for
county and city purposes, and to pay interest
on county and city bonds, is probably equal to
the last sum of $250,000,000. Casting these
three amounts together, it is clear that §1,000,-
000,000 is drawn yearly from the pockets of
the people in the shape of taxation ; and a
hundred millions more may be added for the
cost of assessment and collection. It then
rises to the grand total of $1,100,000,000.
Now, it is a question well worthy of the
calm and sober reflection of the farming and
laboring classes of community, whether their
industry can thrive and prosper under the
influence of such a drain upon their resources.
For, I suppose, by this time, it will be admitted
by most men that productive labor pays all
taxation, and the laboring man who is of opin-
ion that he pays no taxes is making a great
mistake and practicing a gross deception upon
himself. Is it not manifest that the policy of
the Government will compel the association
of capital, and the formation of huge monopo-
lies, whose interest and inclination will prompt
them to drive every man of slender means from
the trade? The cash capital of the country will
be concentrated in the hands of chartered com-
panies and monopolies. What chance, then,
will labor have in the struggle, crushed to earth
by an annual tax of more than a thousand
million dollars? Fettered and powerless,
it will become the slave of capital, with every
avenue to wealth, to independence, to comfort
closed in its face. The lapse of a dozen years
under the present policy willdevelop an amount
of ruin and destitution without a parallel in
history. A man will not work when his labor
enriches not himself but another. The swarms
of beggars who infested this city during the last
winter, obstructing your passage at every
corner, and intercepting you at every crossing,
were only the pioneers of the hungry hordes
who will marshal themselves on your highways
to win a support from voluntary or involuntary
contribution.
The plea of necessity is sometimes urged
even by a Government as'a justification of the
exercise of unauthorized powers and famine
will put the. same plea in the mouth of a wretch
impelled by despair to the commission of crime.
Instances of this description will multiply with
fearful rapidity. Your jails and your prisons
will be insufficient to accommodate the throng
who will actually seek them for shelter and for
food. The gentleman who has charge of the
Kentucky penitentiary is growing prematurely
gray from anxiety and apprehension. [Laugh-
ter.] The idle herd of vagabonds consigned
by the lafr to his keeping are eating out his
substance, and poverty and bankruptcy are
before him. Every county in the State is a
recruiting station for his forces, and the same
causes which swell his numbers arc reducing
his sales and enhancing his losses. But why
do I refer to the keeper, when keeper and con-
vict are alike the victims of a policy, the inevit-
able tendency of which is to strike down all
labor of every character and place it at the
feet of a few favored capitalists of the coun-
try?
But this process of centralization is not con-
lined to wealth ; it extends also to the powers
of government. The rights of the sovereign
States have been disregarded and t-ampled
upon, until derision is the only reply that is
made to their assertion. My own district in
Kentucky, which sent several regiments of
white soldiers and a brigade or so of negroes
to the Union Army, has been disfranchised,
and is to-day unrepresented in the other end
of the Capitol. That vacant seat is even more
eloquent than the gified Representative who
was elected to fill it. It speaks of the past,
and recalls the time when every sentinel from
our noble State stood at his post. It points to
the ballot-box which has been spurned, to the
principles of representative government which
have been outraged, and to a heartless affront
to a friendly sovereign through an accredited
embassador. But we are left to form our own
opinion as to the merits or demerits of the
transaction. The chief importance of the
matter arises from the fact that such proceed-
ings are relied on as precedents, and, taken in
connection with other assumptions, it seems
to be the settled purpose of th% legislative to
absorb the executive and judicial departments,
as well as to assail the elective franchise,
which is the source of power in a republican
government.
If the Radical party can concentrate the
capital of the country in a few hands, and cen-
tralize the powers of government in Congress,
wheie will be the guarantees of life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness?
The bill under consideration is a novelty in
American legislation. From what article or
clause in the Constitution is the power derived
to establish a government over a sovereign
State, and to maintain it against the wishes
of the people, by military force? When did
Arkansas get, out of the Union? Has she been
out of the Union at all, and can such laws be
rightfully imposed upon her if she has never
been out; and whether in or out where is the
warrant? If she is out, when and how did she
get out?
From the action of Congress, and from the
action of each and every department of this
Government, it is clearly deducible that she
never was out. We look in vain for a recog-
nition of her separate existence, unless it may
be found in the hostile legislation of Congress,
which seems to be designed for her degrada-
tion and oppression. In common with the
other southern States, by an ordinance of seces-
sion, she attempted to withdraw her allegiancc
from the flag and the Government of the Uni-
ted States j but was that attempt successful ?
Was the right of secession admitted or denied?
After an effort for negotiation and peaceful
settlement on the part of the South which was
refused, the question was adjourned from the
council to the field, and in characters red
as blood and hot as fire the award has been
rendered.
During the progress of the war that ensued,
and speaking directly of the point at issue in
the contest, the Supreme Court use the follow-
ing language:
" Several 6f these States have combined to form a
new confederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by
the world as a sovereign state. Their richt to do so
is now being decided by wager of battle."
The question in dispute, the point in contro-
versy, cannot be stated with greater clearness
and "precision, and no statement cen have a
superior weight of authority. It was not whether
the southern people should be shorn of all
rights; but whether they had the right to form
anew confederacy. The obstinate struggle, the
sacrifices, privations,and hardships endured on
either side will be regarded by candid men as
some evidence that both parties were satisfied
of the justice of their cause. The integrity of
the Government, the life of the nation, the
union of the States, were the rallying cries on
one side, and independence and resistance to
oppression on the other. While such a pur-
pose was never openly avowed by either at the
beginning, still many reflecting men entertained
a suspicion that slavery would be abolished or
established, as the one or the other should pre-
vail in the contest. Whether that suspicion
was true or untrue is a matter of little practical
consequence now, and the information would
poorly compensate the labor of the investiga-
tion.
However that may be, the blast of the bugle
fell upon willing ears, and strong arms and
bravo hearts responded to the call. The chiv-
alry of America stood forth in proud array,
and never since creation's dawn did such hosts
assemble to desolate a Christian or a heathen
land. Never did the demon of war hold high
carnival amid such a scene of pomp and
slaughter, feast and famine, revel and wretch-
edness. The sulphurous smoke darkened the
sky and the bosom of the earth was marked
with deep lines and furrows. She still wears
the scars as the sad mementoes of civil strife.
Midnight echoed the wail of the widow, and
sun and stars were the silent witnesses of
the tears and cries of her orphan children. I
was opposed to that war. Its terrible conse-
quences rest not at my door, and my soul is
free alike from its glory or its guilt. I would
not exchange this consciousness of innocence
for the tall plume and the gilded spurs of the
knight of Appomattox.
1 was opposed to the war because I believed
then, as I do now, that the difficulties might
have been adjusted without the loss of a life or
the shedding of one drop of blood : that our
Union and our Constitution, blended in the
affections of the people, might have been trans-
mitted to future ages, gathering strength and
vigor as experience should demonstrate their
mutual dependence upon each other. The
relation between them is so intimate and so
delicate, that when you inflict a mortal wound
upon one you slay the other.
Having called your attention to the view
expressed by the Supreme Court, let us pursue
the inquiry, and ascertain the purpose of Con-
gress in making war upon the southern States.
In 1861 Congress, by a vote almost unanimous,
passed a resolution solemnly affirming—
"That the war then existing was not waged on the
part of the Government in any spirit oi oppre&sion,
nor for any purpose of conquest or subjugation., nor
purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the rights
or established institutions of the States, but to de-
fend and maintain the supremacy of the Coi^titu-
tion, and to preserve the Union with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unimpaired,
and that as soon as these objects should be accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
Such Congress declared to be the purpose
and the sole purpose of the war; but now when
it is over, and peace is restored, the monstrous
doctrine is advanced that by the laws of war
the conqueror holds by conquest, and may
extend his own terms to the vanquished. Was
the union of these States established upon the
laws and usages of war, or was it founded upon
the guarantees of a written Constitution? Did
the framers of that instrument ever contemplate
that the larger States might wage war upon
