1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Bat, sir, in this case, painful as it is to soy it,
there appears to me no question but that the
accused is guilty of gross, wanton, wicked vio-
lation of the L-. v und the Constitution; in sub-
stance as charged in the articles noif before us.
Sir, wr- have the sad spectacle in this country
of a man favored by a life of almost unequaled
success, elevated, by the suffrage of the people
from the lowest to the highest office but one in
their gift, and to that by the death of the Pres-
ident, exercising and attempting to exercise
powers not vested in him by the Constitution
which he is sworn to support, and violating and
trampling under his feet the laws of the land,
which, by the terms of that Constitution, he
shall take care shall be faithfully executed.
Among the honest people of the country, sir,
one of the first lessons to be taught, is strict
obedience to law. Upon such observance and
obedience depend the life of the nation ; and
when men intrusted with power so far forget
or disregard their obligations as to assume to
have the right to obey or disobey a law of the
United States as, in their judgment, the law
may be in harmony or opposed to the Consti-
tution, or when men, with such a pretext, vio-
late a, law to satisfy amorbid and vicious temper,
it is time that the people were waking up to the
danger that surrounds them. There can be no
exceptions in the enforcement of the rule of
obedience to law ; all must submit. The theory
of the Government is that every man—the Pres-
ident in the Executive Mansion, his advisers
in the Cabinet, the judges in their judicial
robes, the Senators and Representatives en-
gaged, as they may be, in enacting laws, the mil-
lionaire in his palace, and the humble man in
the cottage—all, from the highest to the lowest,
alike must bow in obedience to the law.
The nation cannot live if the people allow
their agents in the exercise of their official
power to depart from this principle. If the
President has the right to violate the provisions
of a law because he may think the law uncon-
stitutional, so have T, if I have the right, so
lia-> every other man in this broad land ; and
when that is settled you may burn your statute-
books, unlock your prison doors, and you will
soon witness a scene of anarchy and confusion
unparalleled in the history of civilization.
Such a doctrine will not stand the test. It i3
the old dogma, that a king can do no wrong,
that he is above the law and that he is not
accountable to the people, the source of power.
Mr. Chairman, the administration of Mr.
Johnson since he became Presidentof the Uni-
ted States has been characterized by an utter
disregard of the laws and the Constitution of
the country. And sir, I am of opinion that
there should be another article adopted by this
House and sent to the Senate upon which he
should be tried, the substance of which should
be that Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, is guilty of high crimes in office
in that he violated the Constitution and laws
of the United States, by using the influence,
patronage, and power of said office to hinder,
delay, and prevent a restoration of the States
lately in rebellion against the Government to
their proper practical relations with the Union.
Congress, as it had the constitutional right
to do, provided by law for a reconstruction of
the rebel States. The President, from what-
ever motive it matters not, stands in his execu-
tive office and by all his influence and power
opposes a restoration according to law. As
an executive officer he has no such right, and
his opposition to the laws of Congress upon
the subject of reconstruction has cost this
nation thousands of loyal men who have been
murdered in the South on account of their
devotion to the flag, and millions of money,
which is to be added to the enormous public
debt as a burden to be east upon the necks of
the people. Shall the nation endure it longer?
Shall we struggle on and on until the welcome
day comes when his term shall expire? The
people say no; men struggling in business say
no; men longing for peace and harmony in the
land say 110 ; the loyal men of the South, who
have been abused and hunted by n Icked rebels,
say no; and I trust that the answer of all these
maybe the answer of this House to-day and the
answer of i! e Senate of the United States
within a reasonable time after these articles
shall be sent them.
Messrs. GLOSSBRENNER and LYNCH
addressed the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, I deem it
proper to submit a few observations upon the
subject under consideration, and that subject
I understand to be the articles of impeachment
reported by the committee of seven for the
consideration of this House against the Presi-
dent of the United States.
I am free to say, sir, that I should have been
satisfied if the committee had reported, in ad-
dition to the articles which havebeen presented,
articles for some of the grave offenses which
this high offender had committed prior to the
removal of the Secretary of War. I should be
glad to see him arraigned for the usurpation
of legislative power. I should be glad to see
him arraigned for the prostitution of the veto
power, the pardoning power, and the power
of appointment to ofliee, of which ho has been
guilty, for the purpose of reinstating the power
of the rebellion in this country.
But,, sir, T bow respectfully to the superior
wisdom of my colleagues upon that committee,
and I am here to support the report which the
committee have made.
The first article which has been presented
by the committee charges that the President
of the United States, in violation of the Con-
stitution and of the tenure-of-ollice act, has
removed the Secretary of War from his high
office during the session of the Senate. Now,
I submit that that is an offense under the Con-
stitution and the laws of this land.
There is but one provision in the Constitu-
tion regulating the question of appointment to
or removal from office. That provision is con-
tained ill the second section of the second
article of the Constitution, which provides
that- —
"The Pietident shall nominate, and by and with
the adviod and consent, of the Senate bhall appoint,
embassadors, other public ministers, consuls, judges
of the i-jupiemo Court, and all other ollioois of the
United States whoso appointments are not therein
otherwise provided for.1'
That, sir, is the only provision of the Con-
stitution upon the subject of appointment to
and removal from office, except the provision
which authorizes the President to fill up all
vacancies which may happen during a recess
of the Senate, by granting commissions which
shall expire at the end of their next session.
The appointing power is vested in the Pres-
ident and the Senate. Nothing is said in the
Constitution upon the subject of removal. I
contend that the just inference to bo drawn
from that provision is that the power of re-
moval shall rest where the power of appoint-
ment does, in the President and the Senate;
because, unless you adopt that construct ion, the
President can nominate on one side of the Sen-
ate and he can remove on the other side of
the Senate, and thus nullify this provision of
the Constitution.
The men who framed the Constitution framed
it for a purpose. There is nothing in it but
what has sense and is meant to accomplish a
purpose. They put this provision in the Con-
stitution for this purpose: that the President
should not stand unchecked and unchallenged
through all time iu the appointment to and
removal from ofliee under this Government,
and so they put this provision in the Constitu-
tion: that before any officer should take upon
him the functions of an office the Senate should
concur in his appointment.
Now, I submit that the power which makes
can alone unmake. I submit that the Presi-
dent has no power. The very moment the Sen-
ate has concurred in his appointment, the very
moment the Secretary of War or the Secretary
of the Treasury or any other functionary has
assumed the duties of his office, he has 110 right
to turn around the very next hour and remove
him. If that be so, then this provision of the
Constitution wnonsense. and thoie who framed
the Constitution did not know how to perform
the doty they attempted.
But suppose I am mistaken in this ; what
further have we in the case? The legislative
power of this Government has construed this
Constitution. It has said by solemn law, passed
not only originally by a majority of each House,
but passed subsequently over the President's
veto by more than two thirds of each of the
two Houses, that no removal was proper ex-
cept by the specific means through which the
appointment can be made, namely, by the
President and the Senate.
Now, the President, after months of reflec-
tion, after much investigation, after these laws
have been brought to his attention, has openly,
defiantly, and in the very face and teeth of this
statute, and, as I contend, of the Constitution,
removed the Secretary of War from office.
Thatis hisfirst offense—that is a great offense.
What else has he done? lie has gone into
the Army, gone among his subordinates, and
picked up his creature and his tool, and said to
him: "You are now Secretary of War ad
interim; go into the War Office and take pos-
session of the books, papers, records, and prop-
erty of that Department." Who ever heard
of a Secretary of War ad interim, or any other
officer ad interim appointed under this Gov-
ernment while the Senate was in session ?
There is 110 authority for it, no shadow of law
for it. It is unfounded and rank usurpation.
If the President can appoint a Secretary of War
ad interim during a session of the Senate for ten
days he can appoint him for thirty days or for
three months or for three years. If the Presi-
dent of the United States can appoint a man
Secretary of War ad interim he can fill every
office in the land by men from the Army, calling
them appointees ad interim. Every postmas-
ter, every revenue officer, every Federal officer
in the land can be turned out to-morrow, and
the President can direct his military subordi-
nates to occupy the positions ad interim, refus-
ing to send any nominations to the Senate. By
this plan the President can put the Army into
all the ci vil offices, can refuse to carry out the
constitutional provision, and defy the law, and,
if he is so disposed, become a military despot,
with his creatures filling every civil office.
_ Now, sir, that is another crime. I have no
time to go over the other articles ; but here is
his great crime. He who is sworn to execute
the law; he who is put up as the great example
ot obedience to law ; he who is our high civil
and military magnate and magistrate, sets the
example of defying the laws of the United
States, and we must either permit him to go on
and defy them with impunity; to override the
Constitution and the laws ; to put liis crea-
tures in office without limit and without stint,
01- Congress must stand up now and here, 011
the very threshold of his usurpation, and vin-
dicate the laws. That, Mr. Chairman, is the
solemn question we are called upon to meet.
But gentlemen 011 the Democratic side say
this is a party matter, a party i^roseeution. I
say to those gentlemen that there is a class of
men who never get above the dead level of
party, never entertain an idea or comprehend
a feeling or motive that rises above party. So
wedded to party are they and have they been
that all through the years of blood and terror
through which our country has recently passed
they have been repeating this cry of " party,
part}', party,1, as they do in the midst of the
present burning crisis, when the fate of the
Kopublic bangs upon our hands; when the
fuGau ^?^eres^s posterity are suspended in
the balance ; when liberty and justice and
everything else we hold sacred are at stake.
-Do not these gentlemen know that the laws
should be enforced, whether against the ob-
scurest criminal or against Andrew Johnson,
then" creature and tool, whom they have se-
duced from his duty, from his allegiance to
his party and the country, to become their
instrument and the instrument of their rebel
friends.^ Do they not know that, in sustain-
ing him in his violations of law, they set a pre-
e^ucnt that may return to plague them? Do
