222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To what
time does the Senator propose to postpone the
bill?
Mr. CONKLING. I will say until the third
Tuesday in February next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion then is on the motion of the Senator from
New York, to postpone the further consider-
ation of this bill, with the amendments, until
the third Tuesday of February.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator from
New York is quite mistaken in supposing that
there is no force in the argument that imme-
diate action is necessary on this bill in view
of the course that is taken by southern planters
in reference to their next year's crops. Within
a day or two I have had a conversation with
two citizens of the State of Oregon, men with
whom I am intimately acquainted, who, a year
or two ago, went south, into the State of Geor-
gia, and purchased a large plantation. They
have employed during the last year one hun-
dred and fifty negroes in the cultivation of cot-
ton. They are about to discharge those negroes
at the expiration of this year; for, sir, we might
as well shut our eyes to the daylight that sur-
rounds us and say that the sun does not shine
as to say that the southern planters can pro-
ceed with the cultivation of cotton with this
tax at the present low prices for which cotton
can be sold. These gentlemen inform me that
the planters in that section of the country com-
mence the preparation of their grounds in the
month of January, and it is necessary for them
to know whether or not this tax is to be im-
posed upon the cotton which they produce next
year. If they are to pay the tax they will not
employ the negroes who are now, poor and
necessitous and without labor, about to be
discharged from employment at the expiration
of this year. They will not employ those ne- |
groes, for they cannot afford to do it. The
consequence will be that thousands and tons
of thousands of negroes in the South will be
thrown out of employment at the expiration j
of this year, and will not be employed for the
next, because the planters do not know whether I
they can afford to go forward at this time and
prepare their grounds for a crop of cotton the j
coming year.
That is a consideration which it seems to me
demands immediate action in reference to this
bill. If we are to relieve cotton from this tax
we ought to do so at this time, so that the cot-
ton-planters who are about to employ their
labor may know what to do. It is the custom,
a3 I understand, in the South generally to em-
ploy their labor at the beginning of the year.
The negroes are employed, not by the day or
month, but by the year, and the contracts for
employment are made about the 1st of January.
It is necessary that we should act on this sub-
ject at this time so that the planters can know
what course to take as to the next year's crop.
An effort is made to excite some political
prejudice on this subject in order to postpone
the action of Congress, but instead of the repeal
of this tax being, as is constantly insinuated,
an advantage to the rebels of the South, it is a
bill of relief to the freedmen of the South, to
whom we are sending money all the time. We
are advised from different sources that there
are thousands of them now who are suffering
from the necessities of life; and it is on their
account particularly, as well as on the account
of all who are concerned, that I believe we
ought at this time to pass this bill and advise
the people of the South as to what is to be our
policy on this subject.
Mr. CONKLING-. .Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
whether his argument, proving all that it does
to him, renders it necessary or expedient to
make the bill apply to more than one year, and
how the facts which he states require anything
more from us, assuming that they require that,
than to say that for the year 1868 they may
know now that their cotton is to be absolutely
exempt?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I discussed that question
yesterday. What I jjave said now applies par-
ticularly to the motion of the honorable Sena-
tor to postpone the consideration of this bill .
until some future day. My argument is ad-
dressed to that point, that at this time the sub-
ject ought to be considered.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it occurs to
me that the proper course is between the two
propositions that*have been made. There is
now an extraordinary depression in the price
of cotton. Is there any reason to believe that
that depression will exist one year hence?
There are various causes, perhaps, producing
the present low price of cotton, but have we
any reason to believe that those causes will
operate in the fall and winter of 18G8?
Now, sir, this bill as it comes to us from the
House of Representatives proposes to repeal
the cotton tax as to the next and all future
crops. The suffering is in the present. There
has been no evidence produced here to satisfy
my mind that there may not be a cotton tax to
some extent levied upon future crops. If it
were possible to relieve the present distress in
the South by the repeal of this tax on the crop
of 1807, or a considerable portion of it, that
would be one proposition ; but because there
is now a depression, and it is said there is now
suffering, it is proposed to pass a bill which
shall release the crop of 1868 and all other
crops from the tax. It seems to me that the
philosophy of it is not good. The proposition
embraced in this bill is, substantially, that six
States of this Union shalrbe exonerated from
the payment of any internal revenue. In some
six or seven States of this Union it is more
profitable now, and it has been for years past,
and will be for some time to come, to put their
capital into the cultivation of cotton instead of
\ manufactures and other productions. Should
this large portion of the Union be therefore
! exonerated from contributing its support to-
ward the maintenance of this Government and
the payment of our debt or the interest of our
debt? It seems to me not.
I am told, and I have reason to believe that i
there is some truth in it, that the present de- j
pression in the price of cotton results, in the \
first place, from the large production last year, (
which was somewhat unexpected; but more :
from the fact that capitalists in New York and
Liverpool and London and cities on the conti-
nent of Europe have been holding cotton for
high prices for the last twelve or eighteen
months, that it finally became apparent to
them that they would get no higher prices,
and many of them were unable to hold their
cotton any longer, and thus immense quanti-
ties have been placed upon the market within
the last two-months from these reasons, and
the price of cotton has gone down. But, sir,
the price of cotton to-day is exceptional. The
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Finance has adduced no evidence to satisfy my
mind that this price will prevail next year, and
that there may not be a tax to some extent
placed upon the crop of 1868.
Now, sir, I believe the present tax on cot-
ton is too high. I believe it bears too large a
per cent, to the value of the production. ^1
think it is out of proportion to the internal
revenue that is raised from other productions
and from articles of manufacture. But, sir,
there is a proper medium between too high a
tax and no tax at all. I submitted an amend-
ment yesterday for the purpose of bringing
.this question before the Senate, providing that
the tax should be placed at one cent per
pound. It may be that that is too high, that
it is too large a percentage on the hundred
cents. If so, it might be placed at three
fourths of a cent, but I am not in favor of
now saying that cotton shall not contribute
to the internal revenue of this country, and I
think the people are not prepared to say that.
There may be distress, but I think that dis-
tress is a little exaggerated. I think there are
a great many men who are now interested in
writing letters and in making the impression
upon the public mind that this cotton tax can-
not be borne. There is distress in every part
of the country to some extent. There is dis-
tress in New York, in New England; there is
distress in the West; and the clamor is com-
ing to us from every part of the United States
that there must be a reduction of taxation;
and, sir, we all come here pledged to some
extent that our constituents shall be relieved
from the high pressure of taxation that now
exists. We must have revenue, and this reve-
nue must be a burden, and all that we can do
is to make that burden lie as equal as possible
on all the people and upon every section of
the country. Here are twenty-five millions of
revenue that we propose to strike out by a
single act. I suggested yesterday, and I rige
now simply to repeat that suggestion, that
before we dispense with twenty-five millions of
revenue we had better inquire what can be
done, after that has been accomplished, to
relieve other branches of industry and to
reduce other portions of the taxes. There
are branches of manufacturing in the North,
and in the West there are other branches of
industry, that are almost paralyzed by the
heavy taxes which are now imposed. They
complain with justice ; they are holding con-
ventions of this interest and of that interest
at Cleveland, at St. Louis, and at Louisville,
representing to Congress that they must have
relief. We have not got many twenty-five
millions to dispense with. If we shall cut off
twenty-five millions here absolutely at one
blow can the others be relieved ?
It seems to me, sir, that we should wait
before we dispense with this tax entirely, and
see what can be done for other suffering inter-
ests. Now, the argument is made by the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] and by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance [Mr.
Sherman] that it is important that this should
be done before the 1st day of January, so that
the planters may know how to make their
contracts and their arrangements for the next
year. I think there is something in that; I
know something about their modes of doing
business down South; but instead of saying to
them on the 1st day of January, "We exonerate
you from all tax," would it not be better to
say, "We will reduce your tax to three fourths
of a cent, or one cent on the pound; we will
make it so low that you can reasonably bear
it; but we are not now prepared to say to you
that you shall not be taxed at all?"
Suppose that we now pass this bill and repeal
this tax entirely, and after these contracts
have been made on the 1st of January, and
arrangements have been made for planting for
18G8, we then come back and propose to put a
tax on cotton, they will say, '' That is bad faith;
you repealed the tax in December; we went
on and made our contracts in view of the fact;
now you come back in February or March and
propose to put a new tax on." They will say,
"This is uncertain—this is fluctuating legisla-
tion, and we cannot do well under it; let us
know positively what we are to have anyhow,
and if we can live by it we will." If you say to
them^in December, "We will not take off the
whole two and a half cents, but we will leave
the tax at three fourths of a cent or one cent,"
they will know what to count upon.
And, sir, we are not prepared to say—I am
sure the great body of this nation in the North
are not prepared to say—that cotton, which has
been one of the great sources of our national
troubles, shall not bear some portion of the
burdens of this Government. I think this
measure, in the form in which it is put, is
entirely hasty. I am in favor of putting a
reasonable tax upon cotton ; a tax that we think
the planting States can bear, and a tax that
theyought to bear—one that will give satisfac-
tion to them if they can live by it, and will sat-
isfy our people in the North. We must have
revenue. It has been proposed, I believe, by
a distinguished member of the House of Rep-
resentatives that we shall say by a joint reso-
lution that our expenses for the next year shall
not exceed $300,000,000. I hope we can
bring them under that; but perhaps we cannot
