1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10?
40ti-i Cong....2d Sess.
Contraction of the Currency—Mr. Sprague.
Senate.
to perpetuate tlieir power as sacred, that they
may create a new one for the same purpose.
A people whose debt has worked out great
principles and secured as large possessions as
ours has, is reverenced as means to an end.
If, however, we are in danger of losing that
which caused the creation of the debt, what
then?
We love our guns when in our possession
and doing good work against the enemy; but
when he captures them and turns them on us,
what then? Who would not lead an attack,
and such a one as might be necessary, to
recapture them?
Our Treasury has played into the hands of
those who have depressed our market and
depreciated our securities by acting in the
interest of banks, bankers, and the like, and
our national banks, willingly or otherwise,
have followed in the train. We pay on capital
national banks say twelve to fifteen per cent,
in this wise: Government pays interest on
bonds deposited eight and one half per cent.,
and people purchase the circulation at a rate of
interest which would amount to seven per cent.
On a similar amount we pay, perhaps, eight and
a half per cent. The people lose interest on
greenbacks, which is the same as if they paid
the interest. These rates obliged the people
to pay higher rales, as Government securities
will be held by capitalists at less rate than the
people's obligations. We cannot carry our
debt, private and public, at less than ten per-
cent.; it may reach twelve per cent. We may
rest just here for an answer as to why is the
drain of our gold and securities to Europe?
The people and Government owe five billions.
The interest is from five to six hundred mil-
lions. Money comes from the cheapest mar-
ket. London loans at one and a half per
cent. Cut the sum down as much as you may,
then add the cost of our purchases and expend-
itures otherwise, and the startling sum must
confound the most thoughtless. Is not a pro-
tective measure necessary here?
Let us examine a moment as to the $100,-
000,000 gold in your Treasury. This prop-
erty is available to the purchaser, as has been
shown. Will anybody deny that the locking
up of this sum has not cost the people its best
securities. For the want of capital we have
been forced to sell our securities, and that
want has been created by our Treasury. As
our wants continue we are subject still more
to the screw, until we are screwed out of prop-
erty, hope, and life by the criminal process.
What can we do with gold? Certainly not to
pay interest. Current receipts will meet all
such demands ; if not, can we not borrow on
our expected receipts, as all nations hare done
before us ? No, it is not that; we hare piled
it up to resume through its agency, when re-
sumption is as far off as the north pole is from
the south. No one will deny, then, that the
$134,000,000 now hoarded in your Treasury
has compelled the business of the country to
pay an increased rate for money, for when
capital is drawn from a distance to meet a
demand it always receives increased compen-
sation, and the process has, of course, com-
pelled many interests to do without money, as
it had not the credit to procure the means
from abroad. The doing-without process is
failure to all such. Has not the retention of
gold out of the market carried up its price and
put resumption afar oif, as you woold not be
quite so weak as to think of resumption when
so largely depreciated, and you cannot hope
to bring greenbacks to par by hoarding gold,
for it is clear the opposite result is produced ;
and, besides, it ruins your business, for it is
only when your business is prosperous can you
expect to resume.
. Thus the Treasury policy has caused a scar-
city of capital and money, depreciated securi-
ties by its operations in gold in increasing its
value and causing its drain. Therefore the
charge I make is, the Government has become
the most extensive speculator in gold and also
the greatest depreeiator of its own securities.
You have also left national bank reserves in
hands of operators on your securities, and again
created a scarcity of money. You have also
before hoarding scattered your incoming re-
ceipts and made them available to the banker,
and again created a scarcity by its withdrawal
from the people without redistribution.
Thus a loyal people have been sacrificed by
a loyal representation under a mistaken policy
and on a mere theory. We have placed our
honor at the disposal of the usurer, and have
met the fate we might have expected. It is, of
course, too late to prevent the wounds; many
have died through them. Hundreds are nigh
unto death, and all are demoralized. We must
not longer stand idly by and permit this thing,
having the power to prevent it. We must act
now without a moment's delay.
Nowhere have we been more culpable than
to have gone on so long neglecting to obtain
the cooperation of the people by a proper use
of their resources, which for their own safety
they would have loaned you, and especially
when the war on finance is more extensive and
more bitter than the battles of armies ; single-
handed you have attempted to stand against
a world banded against you. To save you an
appeal must be made to the people, and they
will extricate you as they did from your ex-
hausting war. Let the rallying point he a
financial point; around it create strength in
capital; concentrate it, and make it available
to act at all times promptly in the people's in-
terests. When a position of strength is once
taken the cowardly hordes that have shackled
you will drop away in mortification and cha-
grin. How will this be done? Ho the easiest
thing. Establish a capital of $134,000,000;
take the stock for the Government ; then sell
it to the people ; receive your national hank
deposits, your bank reserves, the deposits of
the people, your taxes and income from all
sourecs, and pay out no funds to lay in any
one's hands one day longer than the necessity
of the case demands ; loan all to the people ;
issue circulation on your capital and on de-
posits, or on any other property you choose ;
and if you will not loan it all direct to the peo-
ple let your national banks furnish you paper
with their indorsements ; especiallypay astated
sum to the institution for the work it does for
the Government, cither for paying interest on
your obligations or in paying your other indebt-
edness, whether in securing you a new loan or
one more favorable. The corruptive influence
growing out of commissions for financial ser-
vice has been ruinous in the extreme; for be-
sides the speculation and monopoly of the busi-
ness if has promoted, it has prevented any other
financial plan from being adopted than one that
would perforin the same service to the managers
that the old plan had performed.
13y this simple process you deprive money
operators of the use of your money and make
it available for the general public interests, and
you produce an easy money market that will
stop the drain and aid your specie payment in
a way that you will beeomeindifferent whether
you pay specie or not. What do you care about
spccie paj ment when your securities arc at par ?
This is the one great point to be obtained.
Certainly depreciating the value of the prop-
erty of the people will not appreciate the value
of Government securities. The contrary is the
fact.
When you will send a ship to sea without a
rudder, manage your finances without a head
to direct them, or, if you please, continue to
manage as you have for the past three years.
A word here as to forced resumption of
specie payments. Certainly we have had the
scare constantly before us in the form of
$100,000,000 gold in the Treasury.
We have gone on with the idea that a sleight-
of-hand movement, without the cooperation of
the people, was to produce the desired result.
Have you acjded anything anywhere else in
form of property through a prosperous trade
or employment and profit on the people's
labor? Nothing, as the thirty per cent, depre-
ciation of our property and the high rate of
interest show. When England first proposed
resumption her securities were very near par
and every business interest prosperous. Can
you do better than to imitate her policy?
Mr. President, we are told that it is a confi-
dence that is required to carry us safely through
our dilemma. Yes; but must not that confi-
dence have a foundation of real p?8perty and
values for its support? Can you cheat the
people into paying specie on a mere senti-
ment—for it is the people only who are to pay
specie in the end, not Government or banks,
not they—until the people's property has appre-
ciated to a gold value? It is constantly in-
stanced that in the height of panics in Eng-
land the moment it is determined to increase
issues of bills panic ceases, because confidence
is restored. How fallacious is this doctrine I
Here is a question of superior force operat-
ing on an inferior one. The weaker force,
those whose fears kept back their means, are
forced out of their position by a desire to be
first to avail themselves of advantageous in-
vestments, fearing the others would thus act if
they did not. The protection that the presence
of superior force gives, acted on the people in
promoting a closer union when before an aban-
donment of the field was clearly imminent.
These results were many times obtained with
no additional issues or increase of capital. Fi-
nances are, therefore, in my judgment, but ques-
tions of force. If superior, and handled with
energy and skill, you conquer. It is such a
force I desire to bring into our finances, and at
the same time to crush out the small quaker
force we have heretofore supported in our
Treasury. For, during the past three years,
it has been a contest of opposing forces, as
much as that of the Union and rebel armies
during the war. In that contest our first ex-
perience was defeat, as has been the case as to
our finances. We then brought an additional
and a discarded element into the field, and only
through its means conquered.
We may hesitate. Hesitation is constant and
disgraceful financial defeat. In the end we will
accept the discarded and unpopular national
bank, and with its aid conquer. But in this I
do not mean to institute a power I cannot con-
trol or which will work otherwise than in the
interest of the Government, because the Gov-
ernment's interest has become the people's in-
terest.
Mr. President, I have been surprised to see
how we have avoided the precedents of the
past by the effort to work out a new system of
finance, Government debt, and taxation. The
only explanation is that those who are accu-
mulating fortunes by the commission obtained
in exchanging a seven-thirty for a five-twenty
bond, and the use of your securities pending
sales and the deposits afterwards, have now the
control of your finances. This is, I believe,
the wise and comprehensive plan now before
the country. The plan T urge is no new one;
not one that has failed of its object, but one
that is triumphant; one that has given liberty
and prosperity to a great people. I believe,
in conclusion, it is wisest to rely on the integ-
rity of the people, and to believe that their
impulses are right. Had we so acted we should
have sent our soldiers home to profitable em-
ployment with less burden to the people. The
people cannot, however, blame their repre-
sentatives, unless blame is to follow failure, no
matter how brought about; Their represent-
atives desired to act in your interest, and they
thought they were carrying out your views.
Remember, first, last, and all the time, that
rebellion is the first cause of our troubles, and
also that political restoration of the southern
States is very far from obtaining material pros-
perity for the country.
