1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2631
the weaker, and make lawful prize of the peo-
ple and their territory?
One of the ablest defenders of this doctrine
admits that, owing to the relations between the
belligerents in this instance, no treaty can be
formtd as a basis of settlement; and hence the
conclusion is unavoidable that the arbitrary
edicts of military governors are the only meas-
ures to be known to the South as long as the
North may desire the infliction. Is this "main-
taining the supremacy of the Constitution?"
Is this " preserving the Union with all the rights
of the several States unimpaired?" Were such
the views of the great Senator from Kentucky
when he penned the resolution which bears his
name? No, sir. Crittenden was the soul of
honor and of truth, and had a lofty scorn for
trickery, deception, and fraud. The laws of
war cannot be relied on, for in this case, to
use a phrase which has been much revived of
late, Congress has made a law unto itself. I
appeal to Senators not to repudiate their own
action in a matter which involves the rights
and privileges of seven or eight million citizens,
not to wage a warfare more cruel, vexatious,
and intolerable than an invading army upon
men born to the same heritage with ourselves,
not to stifle in their breasts the last hope of
liberty and leave them to the sullen gloom of
despair.
We will now proceed to examine the con-
duct of the President of the United States.
On the 8th day of December, 1863, Abraham
Lincoln issued a proclamation offering amnesty
and pardon to certain persons who had been
engaged iti rebellion. Within less than four
months afterward, on the 2Gth day of March,
1864, he issued another proclamation more
liberal than the first, making exception of
certain classes who were excluded from the
benefits of its provisions, but clearly intimating
that the excepted classes were still within con-
templation of special clemency. In the last
annual message which he ever sent to Con-
gress he says that " special pardons have been
granted to individuals of the excepted classes,
and no voluntary application has been denied."
After the death of Mr. Lincoln Andrew
Johnson was qualified as his successor, and
among his early official acts was a note to the
Attorney General calling for a legal construc-
tion of the proclamations of his predecessor.
The reply of the Attorney General bears date
May 1, 1865, and is of importance because,
from his intimate relations and great admira-
tion of President Lincoln, it may be considered
as a reflection of his views upon the subject
now under consideration. The Attorney Gen-
eral condemns reconstruction, urges restora-
tion, and says emphatically that "mercy must
be largely extended."
On the 29th day of the same month, and in
accordance with the suggestions of his law
adviser, Andrew Johnson issued his first proc-
lamation of amnesty and pardon, excepting
fourteen classes of persons from its benefits,
providing, however, that special applications
might be made in their behalf, and that clem-
ency would be liberally extended according to
the facts of the case.
Finally, on the 7th day of last September,
Andrew Johnson, in order that full and benef-
icent pardon might be extended to a large
number of persons excluded by former excep-
tions, issued a proclamation with only three
classes embraced in the exceptions. The lib-
erality, the justice, and the ability of this State
paper are so conspicuous that I shall quote a
few sentences that the country may mark the
satisfactory reasons assigned for the general
pardon it proclaims:
"And whereas there no longer exists any reason-
able ground to apprehend, within the States which
ivere involved in the 1 ato rebellion, any renewal
thereof, or any unlawful resistance by the people of
said States to the Constitution and laws of the United
States; and whereas largo standing armies, military
occupation, martial-law, military tribunals, and the
suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
jjus and the right of trial by jury, are, in time of
peace, dangerous to public liberty, incompatible with
the individual rights of the citizen, contrary to the
genius and spirit of our free institutions, and ex-
haustive of tho national resources, and ought not,
therefore, to bo sanctioned or allowed, except in
cases of actual necessity for repelling invasion or
suppressing insurrection or rebellion; and whereas
a retaliatory or vindictive policy, attended by unne-
cessary disqualifications, pains, penalties, confisca-
tions, and disfranchisements, now, as always, could
only tend to hinder reconciliation among the people
and national restoration, while it must seriously em-
barrass, obstruct, and repress popular energies and
national industry and enterprise."
After adducing the above and other consid-
erations, the proclamation proceeds to pro-
nounce full pardon to the southern people,
excluding—
First. The president, vice president, heads
of departments of the confederate government,
its agents in foreign countries, and such as held
military rank above brigadier general or naval
rank above captain, and also Governors of
States.
Second. Those who treated otherwise than
as prisoners of war persons employed in the
military or naval service of the United States.
Third. Persons confined or held to bail be-
fore or after conviction, and every one engaged,
directly or indirectly, in the assassination of
President Lincoln.
The number included in these exceptions is
so inconsiderable that tho pardon and amnesty
may be considered as general, especially when
it is remembered that not one in a hundred of
the excepted classes has been indicted and
prosecuted before the courts, which is the only
means of punishing crime known to our Con-
stitution and laws.
A question may arise in some minds as to
the force and effect of these pardon and am-
nesty proclamations. I shall attempt to show
that the President had ample authority to issue
them, and that they operated as a positive ab-
solution from guilt and an undertaking on the
part of the Government that it should bs for-
gotten and remembered no more. This par-
doning power belongs to the executive branch
ofevery well regulated Government upon earth.
It is a power which is derived from the gov-
ernment and attributes of the Eternal God
himself, and the man who has never been the
subject of its influence is fit food for the worm
that never dies.
The late Governor of my own State has been
much censured for his liberal exercise of the
pardoning power, but his slumbers will be as
sweet and his carriage as erect as though his
heart and his hand had never moved to the
supplications of mercy. This gentle disposi-
tion is not confined to the good, the wise, and
the great, but it pervades all classes and con-
ditions of men. The savage thirsting for
slaughter, with his victim writhing at the stake,
has caught the inspiration from Divinity, and
rushed, at the peril of his own life, to the
rescue. Even the lower animals furnish us
abundant, proof that they are not insensible to
the emotions of pity and compassion—a prin-
ciple which the Creator, for beneficent pur-
poses, has thus infused into all his creatures,
was well worthy of an incorporation into the
organic law of the land. The Constitution
clothes the President with the " power to grant
reprieves and pardons for offenses against the
United States, except in cases of impeach-
ment."
Radicalism itself has acknowledged the
humanity and the justice of this wise pro-
vision. By an act of Congress passed and
approved in July, 1802—
" The President is authorized, at .anytime here-
after, by proclamation to extend to pci>ons v/ho
may have participated, in the existing rebellion, m
any State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with j
such exceptions, and at such time end on uueii con-
ditions as he may doem expedient for tlic public
■welfare."
This section of the law is simply a rcenact-
ment of the Constitution, ft conferred no
additional powers upon the President, nor did
the supplemental act of the l'Jth of last July
strip him of his pardoning power. That power
is delegated to him by the Constitution, and
Congress can neither enlarge nor restrict its
exercise. These laws are, therefoie, wholly
unimportant, except as they furnish evidence
of the chango which peace has wrought in the
radical sentiment of the country. While the
war was raging proclamations of amnesty and
pardon were freely offered, but in a time of
profound peace the fountain of mercy and jus-
tice is closed. We could offer pardon to the
rebel who stood with arms in his hand, but for
the harmless civilian we have no commisera-
tion.
The clause cited from the Constitution em-
powers the President to grant reprieves and
pardons, except in cases of impeachment, and
the act of 18G2 was, at least, a popular in-
dorsement of its exercise in this instance, with-
out limitation as to time, exception, or condi-
tion. A proclamation under such circum-
stances has the very highest sanction, and all
the authority, the force, and vitality of positive
law. What effect has it, then, upon those who
may have been accused or convicted of public
offenses? Without the aid of a law dictionary
I undertake to say that it expunges the guilt,
restores rights and privileges, and hides the
crime forever under the mantle of oblivion.
The Government says, in effect, to the rebel:
"We wash you of every stain; we restore you to
your country and to society without a blemish
upon your character ; we not only foi'give, but
we forget the past." Proclamations of pardon
and amnesty are as old as the world's history.
Their purpose has been the same in all coun-
tries. At all times and everywhere it would
have been a shameful breach of faith to have
violated their provisions. The world is to bo
deluged with waters no more, and as often as
the bright and beautiful colors of the rainbow
encircle the sky we read the proclamation.
Tho clouds were dark and the storm was long,
but tho loveliest hues of heaven and earth
wore blended into a sign of its termination.
One of the properties of a proclamation of
pardon and amnesty is that if, is irrepealable,
and may be relied on in any court as a bar to
any criminal prosecution. The fettered cap-
tive may languish in a dungeon where no light
greets his eyes and no sound save the clank of
his chain breaks the solemn silence around
him ; the halter may be prepared for his neck
and tha scaffold for his execution, but there is
a power which can open his prison doors, knock
off his irons, and restore him to light and to
liberty.
The rebellion through which we have passed
is not the first plot or conspiracy that ever was
set on foot against the Federal authority. There
have been a whisky insurrection, a Hartford
convention, a South Carolina nullification, and
a Dorr rebellion. But neither Washington
nor Madison nor Jackson nor Tyler ever
thought of inflicting the pains and the penalties,
the confiscations and disfranchisements which
follow in the train of modern reconstruction.
Reconstruction, like some men of great promi-
nence, was a very common word before the
war ; but it is now one of the most stupendous
and terrible phrases of the English language.
It has arraigned a President at the bar of the
Senate; it has suspended the writ of habeas
corpus; it has abolished trial by jury; it has
subjected ten sovereign States to military dom-
ination ; it has impoverished communities,
depopulated districts, disfranchised an entire
section, and now sweeps the South like the
poisonous wind of the African desert, smiting
and destroying everything that is good or valu-
able in the land. War, pestilence, and famine
are calamities which have been endured, but
the problem is yet to be solved whether the
southern people can survive the horrors of
reconstruction. Well may they pray for strength
and fortitude to support them in the hour of
their trial.
Why was it that the Presidents of former
times "treated rebellion and treason so mildly?
Perhaps they were not inclined to persecute
and oppress their fellow-citizens ; perhaps they
regarded kindness and forbearance as the best
means o f reconciliation: and perhaps they
were of opinion that the Constitution gave the
General Government no authority to disfran-
chise a State or an individual in a State, rroni
the foundation of the Government to tho end
