1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
they not know that it is our duty here to rise
above party considerations ; that where we
find a great offender, no matter how high he
may be, we should put our hand upon him
and punish him.
Now, sir, 1 can understand well why this
clamor of party is brought up here. I can un-
derstand it very well. Gentlemen have used
this man Johnson for their purposes. They
desire to use him still further, lo cut off now
his official life, just when they need him so
much, w.hen they expect with his help by the aid
of Government patronage and power to hand
the country over to the men who have been
engaged in the rebellion, would be a very seri-
ous disaster to them.
Sir, if I know my own heart, and if I know,
as I believe I do, the feeling of the majority of
the gentlemen on this floor, we entertain in
this measure no such party feeling as that
which is attributed to us. Had we desired to
remove Mr. Johnson for party purposes we
should have done so long ago ; we should have
done it when coming into the White House he
betrayed us as a party. We should not have
permitted him to slaughter our friends and re-
move them from office, using his whole power
for three years to carry out the purposes for
which he abandoned his party and his country.
Now, sir, if we had any such motive we should
have taken that course. The party has been
forbearing; it has been considerate. It has
waited and watched and hoped that this man
would so conduct himself as not to force them
to this last dire extremity. But, sir, under
the council and encouragement of those bad
men who have so long engaged in the effort to
destroy this Government, he has at last pre-
cipitated himself against the law and the Con-
stitution. He has forced this issue upon us,
and we shall meet it like men.
These articles will be sent to the Senate.
Andrew Johnson will be put upon his trial,
lie will, in my judgment, be convicted, and the
executive office that so long lias been disgraced
and dishonored by him will be filled by another
mall. The march of progress and of right and
of justice and of humanity, which has been so
long checked by the vindictiveness of this man,
Andrew Johnson, and the men associated with
him, will then go on toward the consummation
of its glorious work. Then this creature of
rebellion and Democracy; this apostate Presi-
dent; this man who has been so negligent of
his high duties, will be consigned, in my judg-
ment, in the history of this country, in the lan-
guage of a Senator who once spoke burning
words of eloquence in the other end of the
Capitol, to an infamy so deep, so damning, so
profound, that the hand of resurrection will
never reach him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Messrs. AXTELL, FEKRISS, STONE and
ROSS addressed the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. KOONT55. Mr. Chairman, I regret
that I am limited to fifteen minutes in express-
ing my views on a question of such magnitude
as that now before the House. Why is it that
those of us upon tliis side of the House who
heretofore opposed the impeachment of the
President of the United States are now found
voting in favor of that proposition? 1 answer,
that the President has, by his own action, by
his own course, in the violation of a plain
written statute of the United States, forced
this action upon those Republican members
of the House who heretofore opposed it.
As to the right of Congress to impeach the
President there can be no doubt. The second
section of the first article of the Constitution
of the United States provides that—
" The House of Representatives shall choose their
Speaker and other officers, and shall have the sole
power of impeachment."
The third section provides that
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments."
And the fourth section of the third article
provides that—
" The President, Vice J>rc-i<lent, and all eivil officers
of the United States rdiall be ieraoved liomofiiceon
impeachmentfor. and conviction of, treason, bribery,
or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
The right of Congress, then, to impeach the
President of tlie United States is clearly estab-
lished by the Constitution, and all the clamor
that has been raised upon the other side of this
House in regard to Congress usurping a power
is silenced by these provisions of the Consti-
tution. The difference that existed between
members upon this side of the House hereto-
fore was this: whether the President could be
impeached without having committed an offense
indictable by common or statute law. This
difference, however, has been reconciled by
the fact that, according to our judgment, the
President has been guilty of a violation of a
statute of the United States, the violation of
which is deemed and declared a high misde-
meanor, punishable by fine and imprisonment.
The question, then, is, has the President of
the United States been guilty of the violation
of a statute; and I concede that it is neces-
sary to show that he was not only guilty of
violating the law, but, that there was a criminal
intent on his part in violating it. Sometimes
this intent is gathered from the act itself; but
I agree that in the case of the President of the
United States, he being a public officer, the
rule of law is different.
I read from Wharton's American Criminal
Law, page 714, where this principle is laid
down:
" Whore acts are of an official nature, or require the
eoncurrcnco of official persons, presumption arisesin
favor of their due execution. In these cases the ordi-
nary rule is omnia presumuntur rite et solemniter esse
acta, donee probeturin eontranvm. Everything is pre-
sumed to bo rightfully and duly performed until the
contrary is shown."
How, then, do we rebut this legal proposi-
tion which stares us in the face, and of which
the President has the benefit in this trial ? I
maintain that this presumption is overcome by
his acts preceding and contemporaneous with
this alleged violation of the law. The statute
which it is alleged the President has been guilty
of violating is that entitled "An act regulat-
ting the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2, 1867. It is declared that he has
violated that act by appointing a person to act
as Secretary of War in lieu of one who was
entitled to hold and exercise the office until
the expiration of the term of the person by
whom he had been appointed. The provision
of the statute to which I refer is as follows:
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of iVar, oftheNavy, and of the Interior, the
Postmaster General and the Attorney General, shall
hold theirofficesrespectively for andduringtheterm
of the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
Whose term is this in the meaning of the
law? Is it the term of Abraham Lincoln or
of Andrew Johnson ? I maintain that it is the
term of Abraham Lincoln. It is true that
Abraham Lincoln was assassinated within a
few weeks after he was inducted into the office
of President for a second term. But that
second term for which he was elected began
on the 4th day of March, 1865, and cannot
end until the 4th day of March, 18G0. _ An-
drew Johnson never had a term as President
of the United States; Andrew Johnson never
can have a term as President of the United
States unless he is elected by the people as
such. I trust that time may never come.
Let me illustrate my position by citing an
instance relating to the election ot a Senator
of the United States. I read now from the
Journal of the Senate of the 5th of July, 1866,
as follows:
"Mr. Poiisd presented the credentials of Hon.
George F. Edmunds appointed a Senator by the
Governor of the State of Vermont to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Hon. Solomon Foot.
"The ercdentials were read, and the oaths pre-
scribed by law were administered to Mr. Edhcnds,
and he took his seatin the Senate."
When Mr. Edmunds stepped into office as a
Senator from Vermont he did not do so for
the full term of a Senator. He was entitled
to occupy the scat for what was known as the
unexpired term ot Hon. Solomon 1'oot. M'e
have an instance here from my own State.
The gentleman from the twelfth congressional
district of the Slate of Pennsylvania, Mr. Wood-
ward, was elected to fill a vacancy. He comes
here, not to fill the term of George W. Wood-
ward, but to fill the unexpired term of Charles
Denison, the man who was elected to fill a
term of two years.
I maintain, then, that this was and is Abra-
ham Lincoln's unexpired term; and that Edwin
M. Stanton was entitled, after the passage of
the law which I have quoted, to hold, exercise,
and enjoy the office of Secretary of War until
one month after the 4th day of March, 1869.
But not only is he entitled to hold it by the
provision of the law which I have quoted, but
he has been recognized as Secretary of War
by President Johnson for nearly two years.
After his induction into office we find the Pres-
dent recognizing Edwin M. Stanton as the
Secretary of War. After the passage of this
tenure-of-office act lie recognized him as Sec-
retary of War when he suspended him from
that office. And even down to the very last
document which he ever issued to Mr. Stanton
upon this subject he says: "By virtue of the
power and authority vested in me as Presi-
dent by the Constitution and laws of the United
States you are hereby removed from office as
Secretary of War." Thus showing that from
April, 1865, to the 21st day of February, 1868,
Andrew Johnson, by every act of his, recog-
nized Edwin M. Stanton as the Secretary of
War, and entitled to hold and exercise the
office. I submit whether it is not too late now
for the President to deny that Mr. Stanton was
entitled to hold the office. If we accept his
view of the case that he now takes to shield
himself from the penalty of the law, namely,
that Mr. Stanton was never appointed by him,
then by his own confession he has been in vio-
lation of law for a period of nearly two years in
not naming a person to the Senate for that
position, as he was bound by law to do.
Now, has the President been guilty of a vio-
lation of the law by removing Edwin M. Stan-
ton ? And has he done so intentionally, and
how are we to gather that intent ? As I said
a moment ago, we are to learn his intent by
his acts precedent to and contemporaneous with
this removal. We find that immediately after
Andrew Johnson assumed the duties of the
President of the United States, stepping into
office over the murdered body of Abraham
Lincoln, he turned his back upon the princi-
ples upon which he was elected, and by which
he had gained the confidence and votes of the
Republican party, and became the advocate of
those lately in rebellion, doing all in his power
to place them back in the Government just as
they were before the rebellion.
And in this fall of his he dragged down all
his Cabinet save one ; and the fall, I may add,
was remarkable in some of them, and especially
in the case of the Secretary of State, because
I remember that at the Chicago convention
in 1860 the ground of the opposition made to
WTilliam H. Seward, as a presidential candi-
date, was that he was too far in advance in his
Republican sentiments for the conservative
branch of the party throughout the country.
What a fall was there 1 Why, sir, there is noth-
ing like it in recorded history since the day
when Vulcan was hurled by angry Jove over
the crystal battlements of Heaven, and when,
as described by Milton—
"From morn
To noon he foil, from noon to dewy eve,
A summer's day; and with the setting sun
Dropt from the zenith like a falling star.
But, sir, there was one man who was not to
be dragged down; there was one man who was
not to be engaged in this attempt to restore
rebels to place and power in this Government;
and that man was Edwin M. Stanton. I aver
that it is solely on account, of Mr. Stanton's
fidelity to the great principles of the Union
party that he has met with this antagonism at
the hands of Andrew Johnson. From the
moment thai, the President commenced his
career of treachery he and Edftin M. Stanton
