JflM.
mom
m
been Bold and goue into the hands of specu- (I to cease. Your debt nay is admitted to b*
been bow  nu guwe u*> « <* v aboUt twenty-five or tweotysix hundred million
:l j^srcAfrt sr p
his factor in New Orleans, or he was before Richmond and asked for thirty
Slant er has —  
[obile, or some other port, at which cotton is
sold. As he wants money to purchase his sup-
■ his stock, his
arrange-
plies of agricultural implements, his si
provisions, and to naaka the general j
ments for which money isoecessary toenterupop ,
the cultivation of the enduing year, ho draws ,
upon his factor, and his factor ..advances turn
money. When the crop is made and gathered ;
the planter sends it to his factor and Jn& factor j
gfila it and charges him for his advances of j
motley, and with his premium upop thoa« j
advances, and pays the overplus into the .hands
of the producer, law informed that at this,Unae .
probably three fourths, certainly i>ot less than
two thirds, of the crop of the present year is so j
held, or held at the .home of the planter, in his J
sheds and in his gin-houses. . -
•The planters are generally intelligent men.
They have looked to a movement for aiepe^l
of the cotton ta$. They have believed that it
was necessary as a measure of justice and of
wise political economy. They have counted
an. it that this measure would, pass. , Those
who have been able have withheld their cot-
ton from market and even from the factor,
'and have their crops now at home; but those
whose needs required them to have the, pres-
ent use of money-and of capital drew upon the
factor with the understanding that whe* the
crop was* shipped to him. he. should indemnify
himself for his accommodation, and _hjs; pre-
mium for that pecuniary accommodation, and
sell the crop, and that the residue after reim,-
bursing him should be paid over, to the.pro-
ducer. . .
.Mr; President, the honorable Setiftfpjr .fram
Vermont has spoken of Kentucky, and pre-
ferring to her made use of the. elegant figure
of, a sitting goose.. I do not knpw what. Ken-
tucky has to do with this matter; she w^es
no cotton j hut I tell the. honorable Senatoj,
keen, sagacious,and selfish as ho.is, that.be is
.now more goosey than any goose I. ever knew
of in attempting to kill .the goose .that .lays
the golden egg.. [Laughter,} Yes, Mr,.Presi-
dent,. cotton lays .the golden eg^ not less for
the cotton manufacturer of the orth than for
the planter of the South* The gre^t mass of
the exported wealth of our land heretofore has
teen in cotton, and will be in the .future. If
the man who is engaged In agriculture in the
Wester in.manufactures in the .North wishes
to. sell his eotton goods, his linseys,,his shoes,
his farming implements, and his plows, and to
construct tne gins, and to do all the business
of the southern planters and the southern
States, except raising cotton, 'he, ought to
«ncourage the production of cotton there, «nd
make it as large as possible. When the cot-
ton-producing interest of the nation is abun-
dant and profitable all classes of the people are
most prosperous, because that is tributary to
all; it contributes to the wealth, the business,
.and the industry of all.
* The honorable Senator has^spoken of good
faith. He is very regardful of the public credit
and ofthe public debt, andhe is very anxious tp
tnake_ provisions to secure all these things.
That is very right;, but the best way for him to
do it is to encourage the production of cotton
and to remove this onerous, unconstitutional,
and enormous burden from that interest. Sir,
good faith is a beautiful word; inideaitis jquch
more beautiful; but in perform a nee and action
it is, most attractive and advantageous of all.
'The,good faith of the Government, itsgood
faith as pledged byCongress, are pljiases we
frequently hear. What was the gpod faith
pledged by Congress three days after the first
battle of Bull Iiun ? You pledged yourselves
then that the war was not to be waged for sub-
jugation, not to destroy the States of the South
or the institutions or the property of the
southern people, but simply .to reduce the
rebels to obedience, and that whenever they
should be reduced to obedience the.war was
40tii Coxa. 2d Sess,—No. 15.
thousand men to take the metropolis of rebel-
dom, when the .in£araaus Stanton denied him
a tuau—suppose you had giyen him half the
reinforcements and aids that you afterward
gave tp GranUn his last bloody but victorious
campaign against the reb$l metropolis., , hp
would have brqught the w^ur.to a close in sixty
days, and. two thirds of this enprmous debt
wotuld have beet* saved to this oppressed peo-
ple. But,that was not the policy j that was not
the object. The war was, more against slavery
than it wa$ to put down rebels, and I believe,
as I said t^oa,. that there ware men ip the
Cabinet—yea, all the taen in the Cabinet except-
ing the Presideu thimself—who would have pre-
ferred, if they had the option, that AlcClellau
. • Afc.. DAVIS. I beg the Senator' a pardon;
but whether the Senate was in session or not
these measures were contemplated; they were
talked of by Senators to the President; and
lie ,aad the Secretary of State were strength-
ened ip. their position of imposing these con-
ditions. I caa oaane the Senators who went
up (ind iq council with the President , sus-
tain Ptl a.11 his action in this direction, and were
urging him from day to day to take still further
^Sir, l have no sympathy for the rebels. They
are greater enemies of mine than even yoa
are, because thejt have dope a great deal of
evil, apd they have enabled you to, d'o all the
evil that you have dope. But for,their <ins
you pever would have had capacity to sin and
outrage the Constitution and the rights of the
people ,as you have done. I have no feeling
fyr them. I say they were rebels; theyTvere
cripiinala; they,. had subjected themselves ,to
£he penalty denounced, against treasopj .and
unwise legislation, which strengthened the
rebellion and its measures, but the attach-
ment of thje pe®ple of America to our Union,
to our Government, to the preservation and
triumph of our flag, brought them from.evary
neighborhood in the land to crush, tie rebel-
lion. It was ,-crushed *•- "n"'
aadhisaxmy should bedestroyedsoonertha^he  „ _ . w .
should.capture Riehnrond, because that would ;; from-th^ir, president down to, tte, lowest man
have, closed the war at onpe and prevented the who took part in the rebellion they.were ju^uy
further crusade against negro slavery. „, . i amenable if it was thought proper to wdiqt the
Sir, the war was closed lu. a blaze of glory, i wholp ofthem, a d topnnisbtnembyhangirjg
not by Congress, not by its .mi^ohievpus and j for their treason. That was. the extent of the
t_Ti +1^ ' punisjimeyt which, aftAr the close of the war-
could, be constitutionally, legitimately, and
wisely, inflicted uponany ofthem, ana^am
sqrry, it was not indicted upon some fl'fi,the
leaders.' .J'-., . * i. H .v
uu. ™ uu . .= *.- , Sir, TOU were delighted with,the submission
^   by the bravery of^ypur 1 of the South to those,condition? as. tfyep,;wfl?e
soldiers .and .W.the skill of your generals, j qaade. WioaU e wires, with the speed of light-
General Grant gave t^e terms of a magnani- : L   1 4 "
moua'coaqueror to I#ee andtohi* army that sur-
rendered. General Sherman .di<l more; he pot
ouly acted the pact ,of a magnanimous con-
(jueroT, .but of a wise statesman., He. made
terms that this Hajmiu rof America, Stauton,
repudiated. He maue terms with Johnston's
army baaed upon thp/principles of justice,, the
wisest statesmanship, ,a d ft„true pbsaryaiuje
,of the Constitution, pf bi9 country. - If the
President had then, "as I believe he would do
aow, just said, " Here, gentlemen, is an
arrangement just,, wisc^ and .constitutional,
that wiU.pacify the county, made, by General
Sherman.; the nation's, faith is pledged to
Johnston.and his army; this arrangement isa
proper ^nd a just one; I will stand upon it; I
will, live or die by its maintenance''—if.lje
had so expressed himsplf to,Grant and his
army and toShernjan and his army they would
have flocked to.his-Btemdard.as oue man5 and
so woujd, every man, womad, and child„in tl^e
United States that has any regard for the ,£pii-
stitution and the liberty which it assures to all
the people. Where was your,good faith when
1 that arrangement so made was repudiated?
Now, Jfi. President, look at good faith, in
another aspect, You coaquered the South.;
vou imposed upon them conditions which you
pad, no .rightful power to-.impose. .The Idea
that the Congress of the United States are;now
acting outside of and independent of the .Con-
stitution isa most, revolting aspect_of, rebel-
lion, ©f revolutionary violence.. It is nothing
but force aud revolution—revolutionary vio-
lence^ The highest obligation, that an Ameri-
can statesman owes to his. country is a.strict
jtnd a . faithful observance of its Constitution.
Whenever he assumes any-other position he as-
sumes one of the worst hostility to that country
and. to its people. The people of the southern
States were required to amend their State con-
stitutions so as to abolish slavery. They were
'required io accept the amendment of the Fed-
eral Constitution abolishing slavery throughout
the United States. They were required to repu-
diate the rebel debt. None of these conditions,
according to my reading of the Constitution,
could be or were properly imposed upon.them.
Gentlemen around me say the President/did
this. At whose, instance; How many mem-
bers of this Senate were going to the White
House night after night urging him to ta]fe this
ground? j:m>. i
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. :The Senat )VrW
not iu session. • . ;.j
ning, brought from the South the.intelbgeuce,
, V This,State has acceded to y;our. conditions;
' fhe has modified |hiar constitution so a$,to abol-
ish slavery; she.has accepted .your aanepdment
to ,tho Federal Constitution, abolishing slavery
all over tho Union," you thought, they Trere
States entirely competent to do tf e wp^&-thflt
great, ftindamental;and all-important work—of
taring the Qoaititution.. But ,uow, they ^jrp
 pt States ;' .jqu;topple thjeiji. ^owa, like jftegs
of wqod iu playing-a.ganie. I know that piem,-
bers ofthe Senate ana of theother Housewent
to the.Presidcut, appr^ved of everything" that
he liad .done ,iu .these respects, urged and
insisted upon him as another, and they.said
"tie lasted final, condition that the southern
i States should also accept uegfo ^ffr^ge; tb^t
be.ahouid not only insist, upou-ct\'il-rigOts to
the negro, but the,political right of e^ual. suf-
frage, aid he would consanruiate the rneaaure
.of his glory. If he had .acceded, to these
requests po 4oubt.he .would now bo the leader
of the' Radical pfirty of the UiiiteO' States.
Sir, I ask.you how often kve you m^de
promises to the -of South anu brokfn
.them to the hope? When they,gave up slavery
.when they made .provision in their constitu-
tions for its utter, immediate, aad^ final abo-
lition ;. when.they adopted, the amendment ,to
tjbe Constitution, of: the,XJnit ed States ^xwish-
,iug slavery foreverand when they repvjaiated
the debts of the confederacy incurred,i^tjio
.rebellion, which I-aduut ouglit not t9bapiaid'—
and if I were a citizen of those Stftjep;,I.wpuld
.oppose tl^e payment of a single ceut.pt,tpem
to the death—but that,is their piati^_r,.a8 I coa-
ceive, and my ,opinion in, regard, tpjt is nQt °f
the le^st importance., .When.th^y acc^>t^d,aU
these conditions you hailed_ these. States^ ior
.their returning sense of allegiance, to the Con-
stitution: and the Union,,and you. held out to
them the hope that they would berJeqogmzed
at once as members of thg, Union; but you
went on to break it., Does it beconae men who
have acted this partnow. to. make,.such loud
invocations for iaith -
The negro is free. Xherq.is ho power on
God's;,earth .that can restore slayery in, the
United States. It could not be restored, in
Kentucky ^ith.-fui,,''army,.with, banners"_ in
tfe lajgastinwabers and with thegreatest skill
Ot Dailitary captaincy,- The people are against
it., .They have given it up forever. They have
jjivp'h, it, ,up in, the. best .spirit. They want .to
^ptablish , friepdly, and proper anil mutuajly
advantageous .relations, between themselves
