1868.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
tlie floor except one, Mr. Saux.sbury, of Dela-
ware.
On the 15th of the same month the President
sent, in his response, informing the Senate that
the appointment ad interim had been made
under the act of February 13, 1795, and that
"the power to carry on the business of the
Government by meaus of a provisional appoint-
ment when a vacancy occurs is expressly
given" by that act. He also stated that vacan-
cies had been so filled for sixty-five years, and
presented in a tabular statement the instances
in which vacancies had been so filled since 1820.
But anxious, as he evidently was, to strengthen
hisposition by historic precedents, he was unable
to show a case in which a President had so far
violated the Constitution as to attempt to create
a vacancy by removal while the Senate is in
session and fill it by an adjnierim appointment,
as Andrew Johnson lias done, with the evident
approval of the Democratic members of the
House.
I thank the gentleman from Illinois for his
courtesy.
Mr. RAUM. If the President could exer-
cise either or both of the powers just alluded
to without the consent of the Senate it is
because he is authorized so to do by the Con-
stitution of the United States or the laws of
Congress.
The second section of the second article of
the Constitution contains all the provisions of
that instrument upon the subject of appoint-
ments and removals from office, and reads as
follows:
" He [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present con-
cur. And he shall nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall bo established
by law; but the Congress may by law vest the ap-
pointment of such inferior officers as they think proper
ill the President alone, m the courts ot law, or in the
heads of Departments.
" The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the reecss of the
Senate by granting commissions, which shall expire
at the end of their next session.''
It will be seen that all appointments are to
be made by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, except appointments to fill up
vacancies occurring during the recess of the
Senate, which shall expire at the end of the
next session of the Senate.
I call the attention of the House to the fact
that the tenure of all offices created by the
Constitution of the United States is fixed by
that instrument; and also, that the office of
Secretary for the Department of War was
not created by tlie Constitution, but by an act
of Congress; and that the tenure of the office
was fixed by the first section of the tenure-of-
office act in force March 2, 18G7, which is as
follows:
"i>e it enactedhi the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
ami consent oi the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any sucll office, and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall be entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided: Pro-
vided, That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
Edwin M. Stanton was in office as Secretary
of War under Abraham Lincoln at the time
that Andrew Johnson succeeded to the office
of President, and by virtue of the law just
quoted Stanton lias the right to hold the office
of Secretary of War and perform its duties
until the 4th day of April, I860, unless removed
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. .
But gentlemen tell us that this tenure-of-
office law is unconstitutional, that it is an
infringement upon the executive powers ; and
further, that the President of the United States,
under the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try, may exercise the power of removal from
office without limitation or restraint; and yet
gentlemen cannot point to a single paragraph
in the Constitution which confers upon the
President the power of removing anybody
from office.
It has been affirmed during the course of this
debate that the power of removal is incident
to and implied from the power of appointment
granted in the section of the Constitution be-
fore alluded to. Admitting that the President
may exercise implied powers, he, like the Con-
gress of the United States, must be governed
by the fundamental principle of construction
that an implied power shall be necessary or
proper as a means of executing an express
power. And I affirm as a proposition that can-
not be controverted that the power of appoint-
ment can be, and is, exercised in this country
perfectly, fully, and completely without the
aid of the power of removal.
Oilier gentlemen have ventured to place this
power of removal from olfice upon still higher
ground, and have quoted from Mr. Madison to
establish the proposition that the President of
the United States, by virtue of his office as
Chief Executive, has the inherent power of
removal; and this, sir, in the teeth of the tenth
amendment of the Constitution, which pro-
vides that "the .powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution nor prohib-
ited by it to the States are reserved to the States
respectively or to the people;" and which
amendment was adopted afttr Mr. Madison
wrote upon that subject.
Sir, 1 deny the whole doctrine of inherent
powers in the President. He has 110 inherent
powers. He can have no inherent powers
according to the genius and spirit of our Con-
stitution and Government. AH the great pow-
ers of his office are granted by the Constitution
and laws of the United States, and whenever
the President exorcises powers not granted to
him he usurps powers granted to other branches
of the Government, or reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people. But, sir, 1 will
not stand to discuss the constitutionality of the
tenure-of-olfiee act. It was passed by Con-
gress according to all the solemnities of the
Constitution, and must be a law for the Presi-
dent as well as the people. Sir, in this country
no man must be so low as to be beneath the
protection of the laws, nor must any man be so
high as to be above the penalties of the law.
By the sixth section of the tenure-of-oflice
act, which is as follows:
" Sue.6. And he it further enacted, That every re-
moval, appointment, or employment made, had, or
exercised contrary to the provisions of this act, and
the making, signing. scaling, countersigningvorissu-
ing ofany commission or letter of authority for or in
respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and ore hereby declared to bo, high
misdemeanors, and, upontrialandconviction thereof,
every person guilty thereof shall bo punished by a fine
not exceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing live years, or both said punishments, in the dis-
cretion of the court: Provided, That_ the President
shall have power to make out a nd_ deliver, after the
adjournment of the Senate, commissions for all offi-
cers whose appointment shall have been advised and
consented to by the Senate"—
| it is made a penal offense to remove an offi-
cer contrary to the provisions of the first sec-
tion before quoted. And Andrew Johnson
having deliberately and flagrantly set this law
at defiance by the removal of Stanton, and
also by thoappointmentof'ThomaSjit becomes
our duty as the Representatives of a great and
law-abiding people to bring him before the
high court of impeachment, and there in the
presence of the nations of the earth cause him
to be deposed from his office, and thus estab-
lish the fact that it is the duty of the President
of the United States to administer his office
according to the Constitution and laws of the
country.
Sir, the best interests of this whole country
will be subserved by the removal of Andrew
Johnson. lie has been a disturbing dement
! during the past three years, and by hindering
1 and delaying the reorganization and_ reeon-
! struction of the southern States has inflicted
untold misery upon that people. And just at
the very time when those most sanguine for
impeachment had despaired of his removal
from office he delivers himself into our hands
bodily by the perpetration of so flagrant a vio-
lation of law that an outraged people demand
his removal. Yes, sir, the loyal men of this
country, who, in the dark hour of the nation's
peril, stood by its Constitution and its flag, and
who, by wager of battle, won the right to con-
trol the destinies of this great nation, to-day
demand that this man, who is their servant,
and who for three years, in the exercise of his
great office, has usurped forbidden powers,
violated the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try, and who has stood in the pathway of the
nation's will, shall be impeached of high
crimes and misdemeanors and removed from
office.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-
man, the House of Representatives has already
resolved the President of the United States
ought to be impeached for something or other.
Of what he ought to be impeached is the ques-
tion now to be determined by this House.
The last article in the schedule of charges
reported by the committee is, in my humble
judgment, utterly frivolous and* absurd. It
amounts to nothing in the world but the con-
demnation of the Executive of the United
States for a casual expression of opinion in
regard to the constitutionality of a clause in
one of the appropriation bills of the last Con-
gress. When I have said that of the last arti-
cle in the schedule I have said all I desire to
say, and I do not propose further to trouble
myself with it.
The other nine articles in the schedule are
founded in a single transaction easily under-
stood by all men, to wit, the order of the Pres-
ident removing Stanton from his supposed
place as Secretary of War, and the subsequent
order designating another to fill the office pro
tempore. In my judgment all the acts charged
in these articles are fully warranted by the
Constitution and by the laws of the United
States. I do not propose, however, in tile re-
marks I now offer to the House to enter into
that discussion, because the debate lias al-
ready ranged liberally over those topics, and it
is outside of my present purpose to enter that
field.
But, sir, I desire to put this question to the
House, and for the purpose of the question I
will assume the acts charged in the articles do,
in point of fact, present a violation of the law
relating to civil tenures; and assuming that to
be true and giving the whole case to the gen-
tlemen on the other side, I address myself to
the discretion, to the sound, sensible discre-
tion of the majority in this House, and ask
whether or not it presents a case on which the
House ought in common justice or on which it
can afford to impeach, remove, disfranchise,
and disgrace the Chief Executive of this great
Republic?
Now, let me say it is not every technical of-
fense that is worthy of impeachment by the
great inquest of the nation. The ocean is not
tossed in tempest to waft feathers or to drown
flies. There are, sir, microscopical offenses iti
office, offenses discernible only by the party
microscope which had better be left to the
ordinary administration of civil and criminal
jurisprudence. And I respectfully submit to
the House the supposed misdemeanors here
charged are too trivial and insignificant to be
worthy the attention of the House or of the
solemn and stately proceeding of impeachment
before the Senate of the United States.
Let me suggest that no cause is worthy of
that high remedy unless the offense is inten-
tional, and unless it endangers the public inter-
est, or involves moral turpitude in the offender.
Are the acts charged by these articles of this
character? Have they endangered the public
interest, and do they involve moral turpitude?
The President has done no more than every
predecessor of his has done from Washington's
time until to-day: done, too, I add, without
their constitutional right being challenged even
