1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3657
said: 4 * * * " The Government surely
lias no right to claim that the land shall be consid-
ered as part of the publics domain." So it is seen that
the Oitega title was a cheat, and that the United
States did not even pretend to have any title. Xhe
title to this ranch wascleailyin Miranda. No one
will now stand up to deny it. If, therefore, Valen-
tino, who holds it, be not protected in his possession,
the default will not only shock all sense of natural
justice, but break the faith pledged by our treaty
with Mexiio and violate tlie public law of the world.
Your committee think, therefore, that the relief
jskud for by this bill should be granted.
It is the interest of all parties that these few out-
standing claims should be disposed of, and not left to
cloud the possessions ot those who may have settled
upon any portion of the lands. If these olaims, or
any of them, are good, the faith of the nation is
pledged by treaty to confirm them; if they are bad,
it wilt be i-o shown on the hearing, and they will be
rejected. The time has gone by when any but mer-
itoiious titles can be confirmed by the courts. But
so long as these outstanding claims exist there is no
security thatlegislative relief willnotbegivensooner
or later, and a feeling of doubt and uncertainty must
continue.
Mr. JOHNSON. T ask the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Stone] to yield to me.
Mr. STONE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STONE. I yield to allow the amend-
ment to be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment which I
desire to offer is to add the following proviso:
Provided, That all persons who, previous to the
passage ol this act, have acquired any valid right or
title to any ot the lands embraced within the provis-
ions of this act, under the preemption or homestead
laws or otherwise, shall be protected in their right.
Mr. Speaker, I had no idea that this bill
was coming up to-day; otherwise, I should
have been prepared to discuss it. But even if
1 had come before the House much better pre-
pared than I am, it would not have availed me,
becMuse I am limited to five minutes' time. I
admit, Mr. Speaker, that those owning Mexi-
can land claims in California who did not pre-
sent their claims to the land commissioners
should be protected in their claims, because
wr  agreed in our treaty with Mexico that we
would protect such claims. But, Mr. Speaker,
while 1 admit the justice of allowing these
gentlemen to prove their claims, I also recog-
nize the rights of the settlers upon these lands
in the State of California, which seven or eight
years ago became vacant and were declared
public lands by this Government, and were
taken up by actual settlers, the Government
of the United Slates extending the public sur-
veys over these lands. Every acre or nearly
every acre covered by every one of these grants
has been taken up by preemptors and settlers.
Nine tenths of all the land covered by these
grants have been entered by settlers, and patents
have been issued by the Govenl iment of the Uni-
ted States. 1 say that these settlers have equities
as well as the grant holders. And let me say
right, here that if Congress intends to hold out
false inducements to \.ne hard-fisted yeomanry
of this country to go upon the public domain
and open up farms, and then by legislation
turn them out and give their homes to specu-
lators, this Congress had better be disbanded.
1 say that the passage of such an act as this
would be an outrage upon the rights of the
people in the State of California. There are,
perhaps, fifteen thousaud farmers who would
be turned out of house and home by the pas-
sage of this act unless my amendment is
allowed to prevail. I hope that this House
will never commit such an outrage upon the
tights of settlers.
I admit, Mr. Speaker, that if we were ere-
al tng a new claim here the settler could not be
interfered with, and that this amendment would
be useless. But we are reestablishing an old
< iaitn, one that existed long prior to the entry
and patent of these lands. I hope that the
House will allow this amendment, to beadopted.
It is proper and just; and it is law, if there is
any virtue in acts of Congress heretofore passed.
Seven or eight different congressional enact-
ments have been made to induce settlers to go
upon those lands. By, I believe, eight different
acts of Congress these lands havebeen declared
to be public lands; and, in addition to this,
the act of 1862 required the actual settlers to
pay for the survey. The settlers whom this
bill is to turn out of house and home have spent
hundreds'of thousands of dollars in surveying
the public lands covered by these grants. Is
it right, after charging a man twenty-five,
thirty, forty, or fifty dollars, or may be one
hundred dollars, for the survey of the land
because it happened to be covered by an old
grant which had run out of date, is it right to
make him pay this and then $1 25 per acre,
and after he has got his patent and spent some
twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars—I have
known cases where men have spent hundreds
of thousands of dollars in beautifying their
places—is it right, after all this, to turn him
out of house and home : after, as I said before,
the Government of the United States publish-
ing that this was public land and could be taken
up by actual settlers ?
I appeal to the House to let the amendment
be adopted for the protection of the actual set-
tlers. While I do this, I admit the equity of
this class of grant holders in the bill. If, 'be-
cause of the laches of parties in not presenting
their claim according to the law they have lost
their claims, then they should ask the liberty
of taking other public land elsewhere instead
of this. That would be just and proper; but
it would not be just and proper, on the con-
trary, to turn all these settlers adrift after they
have expended thirty or forty million dollars
in improving their ranches.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask for a minute.
Mr. STONE. I yield to the gentleman for
one minute.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise for the purpose of
opposing this amendment. Taking the ground
advocated by the gentleman who urges the
amendment, taking his argumentyesterday that
treaties were solemn—and he maintained that
doctrine urgently and defiantly almost, holding
it over us in terrorem—the gentleman's posi-
tion is untenable. Here is a treaty between
the United States and Mexico, solemnly rati-
fied, which guaranties the rights of these par-
ties who have these grants from the Mexican
Government. Now the gentleman comes in
and says that because we have the power these
claimants shall be denied all the rights they
were guarantied under the treaty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's one
minute has expired.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only want half a minute.
Mr. HIGBY. I yield half a minute to my
colleague.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to the treaties
the gentleman speaks about I know he speaks
of them because he has no knowledge of the
meaning of those treaties. We agreed to pro-
tect these individuals in their rights, whatever
they may be ; but they are inchoate. There
is a grant of land of three leagues within an
exterior limit of thirty leagues; it is to be
located ; it is nothing ; it is an inchoate title ;
it is an inchoate equity, to be protected and
brought about by the legislation of this Gov-
ernment. This Government said, "Present
your claim within five years, and you shall
have your rights ; after that, if you do not, you
shall have none."
Mr. MULLINS. The report is against you.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is based upon a false
state of facts.
Mr. STONE. I yield now to thegentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Higby.]
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, as early as 1863,
in the Legislature of the State of California,
this question came up; Congress was taking
action on the subject; the Legislature memo-
rialized Congress to take no further action ,-
there was an investigation there, and it turned
out between Ortega and Miranda there was
supposed to be a title, but by some manage-
ment between them they did not procure a title,
and the statute of limitation expired before
Ortega, if he had any, perfected his title. I
know all about this transaction, In s'ome of
the cases there were stipulations. Some of
the parties on the land are not only under tho
title of the United States but. of one of these
parties by a deed. I verify what my colleague
has said. There are settlements of the finest
character upon these lands, which are of the
best quality. There is a town of two or three
thousand inhabitants upon them, a well built,
substantial town ; there is property to the value
of millions upon this tract, the title to which
this act proposes to revive in one individual. I
do not speak for my constituency, for I have
no constituents where this land lies, but 1 speak
on previous knowledge of this subject. Pass
this bill, and it steps in with this title of one
individual and deprives men of title which they
have from the United States. This is the simple
state of the fact.
Mr. STONE. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. 0 RTH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from California
in the shape of a proviso to this bill. That
proviso seems to recognize rights acquired
under the homestead or preemption laws of
the United States upon the lands embraced
within this Miranda grant.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I understand this
matter, it is exceedingly plain and simple, not
onlj eo far as the treaty rights of the Miranda
claim are concerned, but so far as the adjudi-
cation of these rights are concurred in by the
Supreme Court of the United States. By the
treaty under which we acquired California we
solemnly agreed with that republic to protect
her citizens in the enjoyment of all rights of
property which they had under the republic
of' Mexico. Prior to that treaty Miranda, a
citizen of the republic of Mexico, in 1807 ac-
cepted a grant under the land laws of Mexico,
filed his petition, had a survey made, and was
placed in possession of the lands. Thus mat-
ters stood at the time of the acquisition of
California by this Government. After the ac-
quisition of California, I think in 1855, the
United States Congress passed a law provid-
ing for a commission to examine all titles in
California arising under that treaty. A Mr.
Ortega, who, I believe, was a son-in-law of
Miranda, the latter having died in the mean-
time, got up a forged title to the claim to this
property. While Miranda's claim was pend-
ing before this commission, and before the
court in California, Ortega came in as a coun-
ter claimant, and so specious was the fraud
which he had perpetrated upon the interest of
Miranda, that even tho commission and the
court were deceived, and it was not till after-
ward, by the vigilance of the Attorney General
of the United States, the fraud was discovered,
and Ortega was driven out of court with his
fraudulent claim. In the mean time, however,
the statute of limitations provided for in the
act of 1855 expired, and Miranda was left with-
out any right to prosecute his claim under the
provisions of said act; and the claim now rests
upon its original right under the treaty.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till to-morrow
in the morning hour.
DEPUTY COLLECTORS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
suggesting an amendment to the pending
appropriation bill allowing deputy collectors
to receive pay for actual service performed;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
EXPENDITURES OF PEACE COMMISSIONS.
The SPEAKER'also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
House resolution of the 22d ultimo, vouchers on
file relative to the expenditures made by the
peace commission acting under the act of
July 20, 1867, relative to certain hostile In-
dians.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee ol Claims.
