3658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julyl,
NIOBRARA TOWNSHIP.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting an estimate of appro-
priations to pay demands sustained by settlers
in Niobrara township, Nebraska, by reason of
locating Sant.ee Sioux Indians on their lands
in 18C6 ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence for one week was granted
to Messrs. Nicholson, Boyer, and Archer ;
and indefinite leave of absence to Messrs.
Cary, Ketciiam, and Ferris8.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. BANKS. Before moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole, I will yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Ways and
Means a bill (H. R. No. 1345) to increase the
revenue from duties on imports and tending
to equalize exports and imports; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that it be made
the special order for Friday next after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. That motion requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I then give notice that
after the Alaska matter is disposed of I shall
move to lay aside all other business in order
to reach this bill.
Mr. KOONTZ. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection.
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir; I cannot.
bridge in boston harbor.
Mr. BANKS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee 011 Roads and Canals, reported
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 021) in relation
to the erection of a bridge in Boston harbor ;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall detail two competent
and impartial officers of the Navy, and the Sec-
retary ot War shall detail a competent and
impartial officer of the engineer corps, who
shall compose a commission whose duty it
shall be to make a careful examination of the
harbor of Boston and shall report to .Congress
at its next session in what manner the com-
merce of said harbor and the interests of the
United States in the navy-yard at Charles-
town -will be affected by the construction of
a bridge over the water between the main land
in the city of Boston and East Boston, in the
manner provided in an act of the Legislature
of the State of Massachusetts entitled "An
act to incorporate the Maverick Bridge Com-
pany," and 110 bridge is to be erected by the
said company across the said water until the
assent of Congress shall be given thereto.
Mr. COOK. I will explain the resolution
in a minute or two.
Mr. BANKS. I reserve the right to claim
the floor if the debate goes too far.
Mr. COOK. A bill giving the assent of
Congress to the erection of a bridge across Bos-
ton harbor under the charter granted to the Mav-
erick Bridge Company by the Legislature of
Massachusetts was referred to the Committee
011 Roads and Canals. On examining the ques-
tion, the committee found that in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Navy, the chief of the
engineer corps, and the officers attached to
the Coast Survey connected with the harbor
of Boston, this bridge would be a very great
injury to the commerce of the harbor, and also
would injure the interests of the United States
in the navy-yard at Charlestown. Under that
charter granted by the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts the committee believe that this bridge
may be erected, unless Congress shall interfere.
and the Secretary of the Navy has addressed
a communication to the committee asking for
this action.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time: and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of citizens of Charlestown,
Massachusetts, protesting against the erection
of the bridge ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to
be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. NEWCOMB asked and obtained indef-
inite leave of absence after to-day.
tiie sutro tunnel.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, by unanimous
consent, presented communications from the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of the Interior concerning the bill (H. R. No.
1153) asking aid for the construction of the
Sutro tunnel; which were ordered to be printed
with the report of the Committee on Mines and
Mining accompanying the bill.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to give notice that to-morrow, if the Alaska
bill shall not be disposed of, I shall move to
postpone it for the purpose of taking up the
appropriation bills.
Mr. BANKS. Till what time ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Until next
week.
Mr. BLAINE. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Banks] does not object to that.
Mr. BANKS. With the understanding that
it shall preserve its place as a special order I
will not object; but I would like to have the
consent of the House that the vote on the bill
shall be taken on Thursday of next week,
after the reading of the Journal, without debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let that
be the understanding.
Mr.WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. Dolunder-
stand that when the bill comes up to be voted
on the resolutions reported by the minority of
the committee will first be voted on ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and not, for the Speaker.
Mr. BANKS. There will be no objection
to voting on any proposition that properly
belongs to the subject.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it understood that to-
morrow the House will go into Committee of
the Whole on the deficiency bill?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On the
deficiency bill, and the amendments of the
Seriate to the legislative appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The understanding is that
the vote will be taken on the Alaska bill and
amendments in Committee of the Whole on
Thursday of next week, after the morning hour.
_Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be the general understanding that if there
are any members who desire to speak to-night
the Committee of the Whole shall be author-
ized to take a recess from half past four to half
past seven this evening, the session of to-night
to be for debate only on the Alaska bill.
No objection was made.
leave op absence.
Mr. VAN TRUMP asked and obtained leave
of absence for six days.
Mr. TABER asked and obtained leave of
absencc from Thursday of this week until Tues-
day evening of next week.
'^•ke SPEAKER. ^ka'r desires to state
to the House that so many menabers have ob*
tained indefinite leave of absence that unless
aome of them return it may be difficult to obtain
a working quorum after the Fourth of July.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that for the present I will object to any
more indefinite leaves of absence being granted.
FREEDMEn's affairs.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and l>
hereby, directed to communicate to this House the
reports of Major General Carlin for the past six
months relativo to the condition of freedmcn's affairs
in the States of Tennessee and Kentucky.
purchase of alaska.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
insist upon the regular order.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, aud that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; an-d
the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr.
Garfield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 1096, making an appropriation of
money to carry into effect the treaty with Rus-
sia of March 30, 1867.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that
when the committee rose last night I had the
floor. My purpose was to address the commit-
tee on the same side upon which two gentle-
men had previously addressed the committee.
I prefer, however, that the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn,] who represents the
views of the minority of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, or the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] shall first address the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
the House on yesterday ordered that when the
consideration of this subject was resumed by
the Committee of the Whole to-day the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] should
be entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRICE. And unanimous consent was
also given that I should take the floor at the
conclusion of the remarks of the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is cor-
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that I hold
the floor from last night, and I do not know
that it can be taken from me without my consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The House by unani-
mous consent yesterday ordered that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
should be entitled to the floor this morning,
and the Chair will be compelled to carry out
that order, notwithstanding the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] had the floor
when the committee rose last night.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, then ad-
dressed the Committee of the Whole for two
hours. [See Appendix.]
At the expiration of the second hour,
The CHAIRMAN said: The second hour
of the time allowed to the gentleman has ex-
pired.
Mr. ORTH. I understood the extension of
time to the gentleman to be indefinite.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair construes
the extension of time, under repeated decis-
ions of the House, to be for one hour unless a
shorter time is named.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
been speaking with the understanding that my
time was extended indefinitely. There are
certain points in the speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that I must
answer.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule explicitly states
that an indefinite extension of time shall be
construed to mean not more than one hour.
Mr. RAUM. I move that the gentleman's
time be extended thirty minutes.
