1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2635
yearly compensation of $4,000; and that all
fees and commissions, from whatever source
collected, exceeding the compensation of said
collectors aforesaid,shall be paid into the Treas-
ury for the use of the United States.
The amendments of the committee were then
reported as follows, and agreed to :
First amendment:
After the word " entry " in section one, lino seven,
insert "in the interior;" so it will read "ports of
entry in the interior."
Second amendment:
In section ono, line eight, strike ont the word "to"
and insert "shall;" so it will read " collector of the
port of arrival shall permit," &c.
Third amendment:
Section one, line fourteen, after the word "to" in-
sert " examination or;" so it will read "shall not be
subject to examination or appraisement."
Fourth amendment:
Section three, line one, after tho word "that" in-
sert the following:
The transportation bonds required by the first
section of this act may be executed at tho port of des-
tination before tho collector of customs thereat, who
shall certify to the sufficiency of the sureties for the
amount of the penalty named therein, and who shall
transmit the said bond and justification to the col-
lector of the port of original importation; and that
said bond shall be executed by two or more sureties
who shall justify by affidavit to bo attached to said
bond in at least double tho amount of the penalty
of the bond.
Fifth amendment;
Section six, line throe, after word "said" insert
" the."
Sixth amendment:
Section six, lino three, afterword "of" insert "Chi-
cago:" so it will read "ports of Chicago, St. Louis,
and Cincinnati."
Seventh amendment:
Section seven, line two, after the word "ports" in-
sert "of Chicago, St. Louis, and Cincinnati."
Eighth amendment:
At the end of section six add tho following:
And also at any other port of entry wherein tho
judgment of the Secretary of tho Treasury such
appraisers shall be needed, witli such salary not
exceeding SI,000 per annum as may be established.
Mr. EGGLESTON. 1 call for the previous
question.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment-
Mr. EGGLESTON. What is it?
Mr. ALLISON. I will state the substance
of it. It is for another port of entry and another
collection district.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I must object to that,
because this provides for all the smaller ports.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to understand
this bill. As I understand it, the bill provides
for three ports of entry at Chicago, St. Louis,
and Cincinnati.
Mr. EGGLESTON. They are already ports
of entry.
Mr. ALLISON. Missouri is established as
one collection district, with St. Louis as the
sole port of entry for that district. The State
of Illinois is made one collection district, with
Chicago as the sole port of entry. I think there
will be no objection to my amendment.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. If we are
going to extend these ports, we shall have to
do so indefinitely, and include such towns as
Burlington and St. Paul.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the gentleman
will give me the floor a few minutes.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will yield five min-
utes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have not had an
opportunity to examine this bill, but I think I
see it is but a repetition of a feature in the
internal revenue system which has been the
source of immense frauds—a system of trans-
portation of goods through the country in bond,
the duties not being paid. I have not had an
opportunity to inform myself so as to explain
to the House the way in which these frauds
will be accomplished, but I have not the least
doubt that it is a plan which will result in great
frauds.
Mr. EGGLESTON. In reply to the gentle-
man, I will say that the committee have con-
sidered this bill deliberately, and it has the
entire sanction of the Treasury Department.
All that part of the bill which relates to the
transportation of goods has been duly con-
sidered, and the object of the bill is to give to
the people of the West an eq.ial chance with
those in the East to get their goods by paying
the duties at home.
Mr. BOUTWELL. One moment more.
My objection is not that the bill has not
received the consideration of the committee.
Perhaps it may have been approved by the t
Treasury Department, but this experiment in
this country under the internal revenue system
has been tried of allowing the transportation
of goods in bond, the duties to be paid else-
where. Under that system worthless bonds
have been taken over and over again in the
internal revenue department. Public officers
have been corrupted, have received bonds that
were entirely worthless, and have knowingly
consented to misrepresentation as to the char-
acter and value of tho goods transported. I
do not see why the same evil should not grow
up under this system.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
Mr. JUDD. I think my friend from Mas-
sachusetts has entirely mistaken the character
of this bill. Tho only purpose of the bill is,
as stated by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Egolestox,] to prevent the examination, ap-
praisement,, and handling of goods imported
from abroad intended for interior cities at the
port of arrival, and thus avoid all the loss,
injury, and damage that accrues to goods that
are so imported. Now, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts had paid attention to the law he
would see that to-day goods arriving at Boston
go through the State of Massachusetts to Can-
ada and other portions of the country under
the provisions of similar law. So also with
goods that go to the western States and pass
through Canada, and it is intended to prevent
the monopoly that exists at the port of arrival
and the wrong that is done to the importer
residing and doing business in the interior. I
would say to the members of the House that
there is no civilized country on the globe, no
country where commerce is carried on and pro-
tected, that has not piovisions for transporta-
tion and intercommunication between different
States and kingdoms. I know from my own
experience that through all the nations of
Europe goods are transported over and through
territories to their places of destination in the
interior subject to the payment of duties at the
place of their destination. I have had occa-
sion to send goods in that form through two
or three kingdoms. The Government pre-
scribes the arrangements under which this
transportation takes place, and this bill requires
the Secretary of the Tieasury to make all
necessary regulations. There is no sort of
analogy to the system that the gentleman from
Massachusetts speaks of. And I am informed
by the gentleman from Maine. [Mr. Blaise,]
in corroboration of what I have said, that
three fourths of the imports of Portland go
through that State under bond in the same
form that is proposed in this bill. There is no
opportunity for fraud any more than there is
in the ports of arrival. It is one of those
necessities that the business of the interior
cities absolutely demand, and it is about time
that our interior commercial cities should cease
to be treated as colonies. It is simply a system
to prevent the paying of cartage and storage
ana avoiding the examination, repackage,
destruction; and loss of goods. The revenue oi
the Government is not placed by this action in
any sort of danger. All of ourintei'ior cities
now are becoming large importing cities, and
there is no reason in the world why, when their
goods arrive on board tho vessels, they should
be stored in New York, carted to warehouses,
stored for awhile, and then carted back again,
examined, packed, and repacked, and re-
shipped to their port of destination, with all
this addition of costs, fees, and charges, and,
more than all, the delays attendant upon the
present system. No reason can be given
exccpt the privilege of feeding at the ports of
arrival a few officials at the expense of the
interior cities.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I yield now for five
minutes to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, at present goods
are transported from any original port of entry
on the Atlantic sea-board to St. Louis, Cincin-
nati, or Chicago, they being ports of delivery,
without the payment of duties. The only differ-
ence upon that point between the provisions
of this bill and the present law is that the goods
are now examined and appraised and the duties
assessed at the ports of original entry and bonds
given for the payment of the duties on the
arrival of the goods at the place of destination.
The provisions of this bill, as stated by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jtjdd,] are that
this examination and appraisement, instead of
being made at New York, or at New Orleans,
or at Boston, or at the place where the goods
arrive originally, shall be made at St. Louis,
Cincinnati, or Chicago, and that the same
bonds shall be given at the port of original
entry for the safe transportation of the goods
to the city of Chicago, Cincinnati, or St. Louis,
and for the payment of the duties when they
arrive there, as is now required by law. This
will save the importing merchants at those
cities the expense of cartage to the bonded
warehouse at the original port of entry and
from the warehouse to the transportation com-
pany. It will save the delay in forwarding
goods that now embarrass the importers in
these cities. I wish to say that this measure
is essential for the importing business of those
cities. When I was at the city of St. Louis
during the holidays one of the leading firms
of that city showed me a shipment of goods
worth between twelve and fifteen thousand
dollars—holiday goods, intended for holiday
purposes. Early in the fall the goods were
shipped and arrived in New York, and went
into a bonded warehouse. They wrote to their
commission merchant in New York, sent tele-
grams. and finally sent on a man, and yet, after
all their efforts, those goods had been mixed
up with other goods and their shipment delayed
so that they did not arrive at the city of St.
Louis until four days after the season for which
they were intended was over. Those goods
have got to be kept till next winter; styles
change, and there is the loss of interest and the
decline of prices. This is only one instance
of many, and unless the importing merchants
of these cities get this relief they cannot com-
pete, in these days of decline of prices, small
margins, and great competition, with the
importing merchants of the sea-board.
I think there can be no reasonable objection
to the passage of this bill. The revenue of the
country will not be imperiled any more than
at present- There will be no more opportuni-
ties for fraud than there are at present, and I
hope the bill will pass.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not think I shall re-
quire five minutes to explain the bill as I
understand it, and to explain its necessity. It
may not be known to gentlemen of the House
that for years past there have been great com-
plaints at ports of delivery at the delay of the
officers of the customs in forwarding goods
from the port of entry. The ports of New
Orleans, Baltimore. Philadelphia, New York,
and Boston, being the principal ports of entry
on the sea-board, are crowded with goods
which are arriving daily, and there has been a
great want of facilities for transmitting them
to their places of destination. This bill seeks
to afford those facilities, and we have been
solicited to grant them from all parts ol the
country where the delays have been expe-
rienced. During the last Congress the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia sent a petition here
asking for the passage of such a bill as this.
Upon the presentation of that petition my col-
