1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8659
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. I think
somebody else ought to have a chance to talk
ten ininnt.es. I object to any farther exten-
sion of time.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made. The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the gentleman's
time be extended fifteen minutes.
Mr. H1GBY. I object. The result of this
practice of extending the time of gentlemen
is to crowd out many others who desire to be
heard.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] will pro-
ceed.
Mr. CULLiOM. Could not the gentleman
from Iowa yield to the gentleman from Wis-
consin a few initiates.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I only
want ten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I have already agreed to yield
portions of my time to three or four gentlemen.
Mr. H1GBY. I will withdraw my objection
so far as to allow the gentleman to speak ten
minutes longer.
Mr. MALLORY. I renew the objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made to
granting any more time to the gentleman from
Wisconsin. The gentleman from Iowa will
accordingly proceed or surrender the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I yield to my colleague [Mr.
Loughriijge] to move an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend
this bill by inserting before the section it now
contains the following preamble and section:
■Whereas the President of the United States, on the
3fth of M'iich,lS67. entered into a treaty with the
Emperor of Russia, by thoi rmsof which itwasstip-
ulated that in consideration of tbe cession by the
Emperor of Russia to the United States of certain
territory therein desoribed the United States should
psiy to th"Eiuperor of Russia the sum of $7,200,000 in
coin; and whereas it was further stipulated in said
treaty that theUuitedStatessballaccept ot suohoes-
sion. and that certain inhabitants of said territory
shall bo admitted to the enjoyment of alt tho rights
and immunities of citizens of tho United States; and
whereas the subjects thus embraced in the stipula-
tions of said treaty are nmonit the subjects which by
the Constitution of the United S'ates are submitted
to the power of Congress, aud oyer which Congress
has exclusive jurisdiction: and it being for such rea-
son necessary that the consent of Congress should be
friven to tile said treaty before the same can havelut!
force and effect, having taken into consideration tho
said treaty, and approving of tbe stipulations therein,
to the end that the same may be carried into effect:
Therefore,
Sec. 1. 2)eit enacted by the Senate and Ifnnse. nf Ren-
resenUttives of the United States of America in Congress
amembled, That the assent of Congress i  hereby given
to the stipulations of said treaty.
Mr PRiCE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend this bill by
adding to it the following:
Provided, That no purchase in behalf of the United
s'ates of foreign territory shall bo hereafter made
until after provision by law for its payment. And it
is hereby declared that all powers vested by thcCon-
stitution in the President and Senate to enter into
treaties with foreign Governmentsdonot include the
power to complete the purchase of foreign territory
before the neccssary appropriations shall bo made
therefor by act of Congress.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ELI Of. I hope the gentleman will not
object to this provision being incorporated in
the bill as reported by the committee.
Mr. BANKS. I must object to the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Eliot.] It is not
germane to the bill. The bill before the com-
mittee is to carry into effect a treaty, while the
proposition of my colleague is general legisla-
tion, as is also the proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Loughridge.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The treaty is not inter-
fered with, so far as the amendment offered by
thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
is concerned. That amendment isin the nature
of a declaration of opinion by this House in
regard to the subjects of treaties. It it wont
so far as to make it conditional that the treaty
should not be carried out unless something
else was done, then the Chair would consider
it out of order.
Mr. PRICE. If there be no objection, I
will now yield to the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] for five minutes; but I
do not want it to come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. MALLORY. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield a few minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mungen.]
Mr. MIJNGEN. In order to relieve the
apprehensions of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Washburn,] as well as others who
may honestly, perhaps, think as he does on
the subject of this appropriation, I am author-
ized by gentlemen abundantly able to fulfill it,
to make the following proposition, provided
such an arrangement can be legally effected,
of which I have but little, if any, doubt. The
proposal is:
That a company of gentlemen will, within
twenty days from and after the date when
Congress assents to the proposition, pay into
the Treasury of the United States the sum of
$10,000,000 in gold for the territory of Alaska;
these gentlemen taking the fee simple therefor
and leaving the right of eminent domain in
the Government of the United States.
Gentlemen cannot, on pecuniary grounds,
object to this proposition, for it leaves a clear
net profit of $2,800,000 in gold in the Treasury
of the United States, growing out of and the"
direct result of this treaty. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] says in proof
of the worthlessness, sterility, barrenness, and
humidity of Alaska, that he brings "official
reports " to sustain him. Does the gentleman
claim that Campbell's poem, "Tbe Pleasures
of Hope," written, beautiful as it is, by an Eng-
lishman, who never saw Alaska, nor, so far as
I know, even the continent of America, except
to vi&it the little village of Wyoming, in Penn-
sylvania, a poem clearly and evidently the
mere creature of his imagination, is an official
report? He quoted largely from that some
time since against this bill. Many more of
his authorities and references are of a char-
acter entitled to no more credit iu a scientific
or geographic point of view than is " The
Pleasures of Hope yet he says he relies on
official reports. If I am not mistaken, the
same authority in the same poem speaks of
tigers and other tropical animals infesting the
shores of Lake Erie.
Without stopping to discuss the treaty-mak-
ing power from a constitutional point ot' view,
it is enough to say that by the Constitution the
treaty-making power was vested in the Execu-
tive by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. Under the beautiful principle of checks
and balances recognized in our system of gov-
ernment, where each department exists inde-
pendent of the other, so far as its peculiar
functions are concerned, yet all are so blended
as to work in perfect harmony and accord, the
treaty-making power was, by the wisdom of
our forefathers, placed where it is. As one
sworn to support that Constitution I recognize
the right of the Senate and the Executive to
make treaties with foreign Powers on all proper
subjects. This Alaska matter is one of the
subjects intrusted entirely by the Constitution
totheExecutiveand theSenate as I understand
the subject; as much so as the appointment of
a minister or a consul to a foreign port or
country. As well might we propose to with-
hold pay of our minister to the Court of St.
Petersburg or St. James, who was appointed
and sent there by the Executive and the Sen-
ate, as to withhold an appropriation to carry
out a treaty so important as this one.
But my proposition completely answers nine
tenths of the objections to thi3 treaty made by
the opponents of the measure.
How was it with California when our Gov-
ernment obtained it from Mexico? We were
told by men who, like the gentleman referred
to by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn,] went up the coast last spring-;
they stopped in the little bays and inlets, looked
at the hills and shores, and never touched land
in each hundred miles of their voyage ; they
then said of California that it was worthless;
no arable land; could not sustain a population,
and all other objections similar to those now
urged by the gentleman from Wisconsin against
Alaska. Why, Mr. Chairman, when a vessel
engaged in the Coast Survey, the Active, was
in Humboldt bay in 1852, or about that time,
the officers could not get. to see the sun suffi-
ciently to take an observation for two weeks.
This can he proved from the records of the
Coast Survey, and by the testimony of gentle*
men now in this Capitol. We were told that
the whole of California was worthless, barren,
sterile, rocky, humid, and utterly useless, just
what gentlemen now say about Alaska; and
more than this, these gentlemen now nse the
very arguments then used by those who were
opposed to California.
By accepting this treaty we cage the British
lion on the Pacific coast; we cripple that great
and grasping monopoly, the Hudson's Bay
Company, who, as long as we have been ,a
Government and a nation, have monopolized
almost exclusively the fur trade of North Amer-
ica, enriching themselves and the British Gov-
ernment at the expense of what ought, and
justly does, belong to the American people.
But it is said there are no fish in the seas off
the Alaska coast. The man who makes that
statement hazards a great deal as it regards
his credibility. If that were so, why would
New Bedford and other Atlantic towns and
cities send out their whaling expeditions?
California sends out her millions of treasure
in " bright and shining gold" each year; her
exports of wool are enough annually to clothe
her inhabitants five times. When the Active
was engaged in the Coast Survey potatoes cost
from fifty cents to a dollar and a half per
pound: the flour was all brought from Chili,
and everything else upon which men subsist
was very costly. Now that same California
feeds a large portion of the population of the
Pacific coast and islands. The same is true
of Oregon and Washington Territory, although
their resources are not nearly so fully devei-
oped. So it will be with Alaska.
Some gentlemen are extremely economical
on everything except negro bureaus and mili-
tary despotisms over the southern States. They
can establish free schools for the juvenile Afri-
cans of the South to the exclusion of the poor
starving white orphans. They build a college
here to educate "the colored cuss from Af-
rica," but they cannot give a few dollars for
the territory which, with its gigantic forests,
its rich mineral resources, its inexhaustible
fisheries, and beds of hard (not soft, as claimed
by the opponents of this bill,) coal will furnish
homes and occupation, competence and wealth
for millions of our people for ages to come.
The climate of Great Britain is as humid as
that of Alaska. In California, at times, they
do not see the sun for days, yet vegetation
keeps up, the cattle are fat, the grape yields
its juice, the mine yields its gold or silver or
quicksilver, the forest its treasures, and the
coast, the rivers and lakes their finny contribu-
tions. So it will be with Alaska under the
rule of the hardy and energetic people who,
from our own more densely populated States,
will seek its shores and valleys and make thetn
their homes.
The Russian diplomats are far-seeing and
shrewd. They know, as does every man who
is a close observer of history, that the muscles
of the British lion are weakening, his growl or
roar is not so teri'ific as formerly; that the
Government of that country is on the wane.
Russia would be our firm ally to-day in a war
with England. It cost England an immense
sacrifice to retain her foothold in India, even
against the Sikhs unaided byany foreign Power.
What would have been the result had the Rus-
sian bear stepped in and laid his paw on India
at that time? Answer is unnecessary. Eng-
land ' s star has passed its zenith. Russia will one
