1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
notions of barbarism, and its devotees have
borne persecution and contumely from all those
holding position and having gain from their
consecration of error. Political philosophy
and human rights, being less susceptible of
tangible demonstration, have suffered more
even than physical science in this unending
contest, but "truth crushed to earth will rise
again," and the eternal decree is that vic-
tory shall in the end perch on its standards.
Search all history and you will find that some
one or some few have persistently been claim-
ing the right to exercise exclusive power and
to rule over the great mass of men. The sacred
mission of prelates and the divine right of
kings are dogmas hardly yet refuted and ban-
ished from the dialectics of the world.
Those claiming prerogative to rule and to
exercise special privileges over other men are
rarely in want of precedents in. their favor,
and never fail to invoke reverence the more
strongly the longer their usurpations have been
tolerated or have throttled the genius of lib-
erty and equal rights.
Liberty has usually been betrayed and the
rights of the people lost through a fatal reli-
ance on the ever-recurring pretension that the
usurping hand is stretched out to shield the
helpless, to redress the injured, or to vindicate
the established. Whenever any one man, hold-
ing high office through the favor of the people,
begins to follow and vehemently treads in this
ancient path of usurpation let the people be-
ware ; their liberties are rarely surrendered by
their Parliaments and Senates, but have often
been plucked away and smothered in the grasp
of the executive chief. In forms of govern-
ment other than republican a king or other
ruler exercises authority claimed to be inhe-
rent in himself and derived from special priv-
ileges belonging to his family, his class, or
his office, and called prerogative, generally
founded on old customs or deduced as an
attribute of the might wielded by the monarch,
and is held to be beyond the control of the
people.
liut the theory of American government is
tliat all political power is inherent in the peo-
ple, and that they alone can lawfully establish
laws and can change them at will to meet the
varying exigencies that may arise. Ours is a
government of laws, not of prerogatives, and
the laws are made by the people's agents
specially delegated for that purpose and form-
ing the Congress. The authority to decide cases
arising in law, equity, or admiralty is vested in
the courts, which must exercise their functions
in the form and manner and at the times pre-
scribed bylaw. The execution of these laws is
intrusted to ministerial officers, the first and
principal, of whom is the President, and who
are bound so to execute in the modes, under
the regulations, and with the limitations enacted
by the law-making power. The President, for
all purposes of internal government, is simply
an executive officer, whose duty is to cause the
laws to be executed when and how they de-
termine. In such execution he has no author-
ity above the laws, but must proceed under
their rules, and not as may be dictated by or
suited to individual caprice.
Procedure by the President in any other
manner is a violation of the law, because here
the maxim that the king can do no wrong is
obsolete, and such violation is a misdemeanor
in office, for which he is subject to the restraints
and penalties prescribed for all offenders, be
they high or low.
For such misdemeanors all civil officers of
the United States are liable to impeachment by
the people through their Representatives^ in
Congress, and the impeachment shall be tried
by the nation's Senate, for this purpose the
highest court existent in the Republic, and
supreme in its authority to judge and deter-
mine of the law and the fact, whence there is
no appeal, for its judgment is the decision and
decree of the American people, from whom
comes all authority and lawful power, and is
declared through their legitimate and constitu-
tional tribunal.
That the impeachment of the President of
the United States is a serious matter is true;
so also is it a matter of gravity to indict and
convict any citizen of an act subjecting him to
legal penalty, but when the occasion comes in
either case it is a duty not to be avoided.
When he who has been honored by his fellow
citizens commits a breach of official trust, in so
much more as he is elevated above the com-
mon offender is the wrong to be more detested,
and is the obligation increased to vindicate the
law. This false delicacy in dealing wich nota-
bility is always the curse and is often the ruin
of free government. We may lament that
impeachment has become necessary, but we
should thank heaven that we have in our coun-
try so effective, so quiet, and orderly a remedy
for the neglect of duty, the encroachment of
power, and the strides of usurpation. In Eng-
land, whence many of our governmental ideas
are derived, the liberty they enjoy was shielded
and saved by their Parliament in fierce conflict
with executive pretension and power. In that
conflict Charles I and James II fell, and the
unwarranted claims of the executive branch
of the English Government were ultimately
somewhat limited and curbed; but their adher-
ents without stint, yet vainly, denounced Hamp-
den and his compeers and successors, cham-
pions of the legislative branch, in terms not
exceeded by the slanders and objurgations now
heaped by rebels, their sympathizers, and the
falsely-called Democrats on the Congress of
the United States.
The President is authorized to nominate,
and "by atul with the advice and consent of
the Senate" to appoint, the officers of the
United States, excepting in the cases other-
wise provided in the Constitution. The terms
of most of these officers are not defined in the
Constitution, and in it nothing is said about
removal, except by impeachment, but the ap-
pointment, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, of a new officer necessarily removes
the old incumoent. A law has been passed,
with all the constitutional formalities, declar-
ing that each officer so appointed shall hold
office until his successor is in like manner
appointed, but that the term of office of cer-
tain heads of Departments named, including
the Secretary of War, shall cease one month
after the expiration of the term of the Presi-
dent by whom they were appointed, and this
law applies to all those who held office at the
time of its passage, and all removals from
office are prohibited except by the appointment
of a successor as aforesaid, subject, of course,
to removal by virtue of law at the expiration
of a defined term and removal by impeach-
ment. This law in no manner affects or abridges
the power of the President to make appoint-
ments, and became neccssary to correct an
erroneous custom that had grown up of per-
mitting the President, at his will and caprice,
to remove, during a recess of the Senate, any
officer whose term was not prescribed by law,
constitutional or congressional. This law
established a term for all offices in case it was
not otherwise declared.
It is claimed that this law, so far as it applies
to the head of a Department, is indelicate and
improper, because of his intimate relations to
the President, and because the heads of De-
partments are his constitutional advisers. Not
so ; for the Senate is, under the Constitution,
the advisory council of the President, and there
is no such thing as a Cabinet known to our law.
The Constitution simply provides that the
President—
"May require the opinion, in writing, of the prin-
cipal officer in each of the Executive Departments,
upon any subject relating to tho duties of their
re&peetive offices."
How absurd to provide this if such officer
is simply to echo the opinion of the Presi-
dent, and is held to merit and be subject to
removal for expressing an opinion which dis-
pleases the President. No monarch or despot
ever claimed a more tyrannic and unreasona-
ble power than that of removing in such case.
The public weal and safety are subserved by
and demands that law—the tenure-of-offiee act.
If the President may arbitrarily and without
just cause, at any time remove any or all of
the thirty, or, perhaps, fifty thousand officers
of the United States, he has the means in his
hands to make them his minions and his tools
to aid in the accomplishment of any purpose,
however base or dangerous to our free insti-
tutions.
The office of Secretary of War is one of legis-
lative creation and its tenure is within the scope
of legislative control. But the President openly,
willfully, and defiantly violates the law, and
for this he must be impeached or the example
of his impunity will fritter away the palladium
of our rights and lead to the destruction of pop-
ular Government. Lctthe scissors of fate close
down and humanity once more rejoice in the
rescue of freedom.
Since the accession to the Presidency of the
now actual incumbent he has performed many
acts that, in the judgment of cool, clear-headed,
and loyal men, render him liable to impeach-
ment. Having declared, and truly, that the
rebellion had deprived the people of the rebel-
lious States of all legal State governments, he
unlawfully and without color of right assumed to
himself the power to provide for reorganizing
State governments therein, and although he
did, in some instances, announce that State
governments so reorganized would be pro-
visional only and subject to the control and
approval of Congress, yet he subsequently in-
sisted that tho governments so under his direc-
tion formed were definitively reestablished,
thereby attempting to usurp power vested in
Congress only; he without authority dictated
who should be entitled to suffrage in the
States lately in rebellion, and what provis-
ions should be inserted in their organic laws ;
he abused his power by pardoning many guilty
of treason with the sole intent that they might
acquire official position, and thus be better ena-
bled to aid him in his design to individually
control the reorganization of the said State gov-
ernments ; he unlawfully assumed to dispose
of, and did dispose of, many million dollars'
worth of property which the Army of the Uni-
ted States had seized and taken from rebels,
and surrendered to private parties many miles
of railroad built by the military authority of
our Government at the cost of large sums of
money; he knowingly appointed, or connived
at the appointment by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to office of men who were guilty of
treason and who were not qualified to take such
office under the laws of the U nited States ; he
has falsely denounced the Congress of the Uni-
ted States as an illegal body, and has conspired
to have its authority resisted with the evident
intent thereby to secure to himself the exercise
of power belonging only to the legislative de-
partment ; and he has persistently endeavored
to thwart the due and proper execution of laws
providing for the legal reorganization and estab-
lishment of competent and constitutional State
governments in the States where none existed
by reason of rebellion.
These are but a part of the many acts he has
committed unbecoming the President of the
American Republic. Yet to impeach for these
acts was to challenge a trial which, owing to
the hosts of witnesses who would be called in
verifying the issues would, perhaps, extend to
the end of the current presidential term, thus
nullifying, to a great extent, the good to be
attained by the proceeding.
The articles of impeachment now proposed
in a great measure avoid this difficulty and
cause of delay, for the facts on which they are
founded are in effect admitted and the appli-
cation of law thereto, and thence forming a
conclusion will constitute the main business
of the couit. I shall not favor some of the
proposed articles, not from want of faith in
their validity, but because I desire not to open
the door to a long and vexatious investigation
to verify charges not vital to the success of
impeachment.
We are now at a crisis where puhlic welfare
and justice appeal to each for a prompt dis-
