228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGm
December* F3,
of equality. What is fair for one section of
the country is fair for another; what is fair for
one set of men is fair for another.
There is no tax npon corn and upon wheat.
Those are the great staples of the country. It
might be of some little benefit to the Northwest
and to other sections of the country that we
should impose a heavier tax upon a southern
staple, ana thereby increase the revenues of
the Government from this imposition of a tax ;
but that would not be just; that would not
be equal; that would not be fair in any Bense
of the word. As the Senator from Indiana
well remarks, the whole Northwest and the
entire South are connected together by strong
commercial ties. It is to the injury of the
whole Northwest, and I might say of the na-
tion, to load down and oppress with excess-
ive burdens or unjust and discriminating tax-
ation any portion of the country; and unless
Congress is ready to impose a tax npon wheat
and corn which are raised by Illinois is great
abundance and are the staples of Illinois and
of the Northwest, I shall be the last to impose
a tax upon cotton, which is a southern staple.
I do not see how the discrimination can be
maintained. I cannot understand the argu-
ment.
I cannot see why any political consideration
should be brought to bear upon a question of
■this kind. When it comes to imposing terms
upon rebels, upon traitors who have compassed
the life of the nation and sought the nation's
murder, I am for imposing every punishment
that is consistent and proper; but when the
war is terminated I would go for releasing this
tax as a mere matter of grace, as a mere mat-
ter of favor. They shall conform to the theory of
this Government; they shall stand by it; they
shall have equal suffrage; and so shall every
State, north and south, have equal .suffrage in
less than five years from now; and especially
shall they conform to the .theory and the prin-
ciples of this Government; but I propose no
petty and malignant malice by way of imposing
taxes upon them. I do not see that theirs is
an exceptional case; by no means. I would
not make it an exceptional case. I propose
that they shall pay taxes in proportion to the
value.of their property, and tLatthat principle
shall prevail everywhere.; wad that there shall
be no exclusive or oppressive tax upon cotton
alone.
You cannot magnify this into a question
•between the North and the South.. I would not
speak on the question but for the fact that
large numbers of the citizens of Illinois are
now engaged in planting in the South. I ven-
ture to say that m the valleys of the Tennessee
and Cumberland and'the Mississippi, in Louis-
iana and all the cotton States, one third of
the men now engaged in planting there are
.Western men; very large numbers of them
from Tennessee. They hwe not only suffered
from the desolations and devastations of war,
but from the floods, from inundations, and
the cotton crop is, I was going to say, almost
an absolute failure. I .do not pretend to be
posted, but I do say that they have not raised,
as has been stated here, three fourths or two
thirds of a crop. Unless I am very much mis-
informed, such is not the case.
In view of these facts I have no hesitation
as to the vote I shall cast. I am for fair, equal,
and impartial legislation toward every section
of this country. I have been heretofore a pro-
tectionist, in favor of the manufacturing inter-
est and in favor of encouraging American
industry. I do not know that I am particu-
larly for that doctrine now or not. My opin-
ions change as I grow older. But if we are
for that doctrine it is an undeniable fact, it is
patent upon the face of the record, that during
the war, while our coasts were blockaded and
when there was a change in the system of
labor, we were unable to raise cotton to supply
the world, and England has become a com-
petitor in the production of cotton. She is
sending her railroads thousands and thousands
of miles into India, and there, with soil and
clknate well adapted to it, she is becoming a
competitor in the production of cotton. As a
citizen of the Northwest, interested in the
navigation of the Mississippi, interested in the
commercial exchanges between the North and
the West, I am opposed to any such policy.
Politics have nothing to do with it. I do not
sympathize with the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] on political questions. On
those questions he is always wrong; but on this
question I have no hesitation in saying that he
' is right, and that we ought to pursue a course
which is just to all sections of the country.
! This tax ought to be repealed, not suspended.
We should establish a fair principle, and I
repeat I would do it as a mere matter of grace
if for nothing else. There is no moment in
our lives when we should not be magnanimous;
, but, sir, we should be especially magnanimous
when a people appeal to us from araid the
desolation ot war, not upon any political con-
sideration, and when we see that the interests
of the country demand a change in the system.
Gentlemen talk about the public debt. I
; do not propose to enter into a discussion of
that subject. I will only say that our public
debt is not to be paid and ought not to be paid
I by this generation. We should extend relief
' wherever it is n-eeded. This public debt must
be paid by the United States according to the
very promise, in gold if necessary—'the very
promise that the Government made1 at the time
the bonds were issued and the contract was
made. It is no question whether the country
has suffered or is to suffer by enormous taxa-
tion. It is not a question whether the bond-
holders have paid twenty or thirty or forty
cents for their bonds. The only question for
the Senate of the United States to determine
is, what the Government promised, what bond
she signed, to what paper she put her hand,
and that debt must be paid dollar for dollar.
But, sir, do we propose to raise the money to
pay this debt out of a tax upon cotton while
no such tax is imposed upon the staple pro-
ductions in other sections of the country?
I hope that the tax will be repealed in toio;
that there will be no postponement at this
time; that there will be no suspension, but
that we shall establish the right principle, the
correct principle, and what is just to every
■section of the country.
Mr. FERRY. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the argument of the Senator from
Illinois, if properly considered, is the very
strongest which can be adduced for the post-
ponement proposed by the Senator from New
York. The Senator from Illinois insists that
this tax shall at once be repealed upon the
simple ground of justice to all sections of this
country. He says it is unjust to tax the staple
of the South unless the staple of the West is
also taxed, and of course it follows that it is
equally unjust to tax the staples of the East
unless the staples of the West and South are
taxed also.
At present, sir, with a revenue system.which
has attempted to distribute the bunlens of the
Government as equally over the- country as
possible, we have at the very commencement
of this session a measure introduced to exempt,
not simply as a temporary expedient for tempo-
rary relief, but as a measure of permanent
policy, the great staple of one of the greatest
sections of this country, leaving those burdens
to rest with unimpaired weight npon every
other section. Is this just? Sir, the Govern-
ernroent needs this $27,500,000 or it does not.
If it needs it, and the burden is to be taken
off the production of the South, I care -not
whether it be agricultural or manufacturing;
like the Senator from Maine, I do not see the
distinction as to the propriety of imposing
| duties upon that consideration; if we do need
this 027,500,000, and it is now at one sweeping
blow to be taken off from the staple of one
section of the country, surely by and by our
Finance Committee must report to us a meas-
ure to impose still greater burdens upon all
the other sections of the country to make up
for the deficiency.
If, as has been suggested, the Government
does not need the $27,500,000, is it from the
South alone that the cry is coming up to us
for relief from the burdens which are weigh-
ing upon the industry of the whole nation?
By no means, sir. It ia not simply the labor
of the South that is depressed to-day and is in
danger of starvation even. Go into the great
manufacturing districts of this country. Take
up your daily newspapers. Fifty thousand
laborers to-day in your qommercial metropo-
lis are without employment. In the great
manufacturing cities of New England our la-
borers, in the inclement season of winter, are
driven from their employment without the
means of livelihood for themselves or for their
families. Prom them, as well as from the
planters and the laborers of the South, a voice
is coming up here asking for relief; and if
there is to be relief afforded let that relief be
distributed equally all over this country. Be
just, as the Senator from Illinois asks us
to be.
One great reason why this bill from the very
beginning has Beemed to me to be one which
should never pass the Senate is that which I
have' already hinted at; it is not a bill merely
for temporary relief; it is a bill which upon
its face purports to establish the permanent
policy of this Government. It is not a bill
providing forthe repeal of a certain tax merely.
Look at the language of it, Senators, as it is
upon your desks, it is a bill declaring that
henceforth cotton shall be forever exempt from
internal revenue. It is & policy that the bill
declares. I do not thinMt was so crude in its
inception as the Senator from New York has
suspected; for it has seemed to me to bear
more npon its face than from the argument
here one would Buspect that it purported, and
upon its face it answers directly to the perma-
nent policy advocated both by the Senator
from Indiana and the Senatorfrom Illinois, that
henceforth, whatever may be the necessities of
our Government, this great article of produc-
tion shall render to that Government no assist-
ance in sustainingthe burdens which the people
are to be called upon to bear, becange the bill
proclaims this to be henceforth the policy of
the Government, proclaimed by the Congress,
and exempting, upon the sole ground that cot-
ton is an agricultural product, that staple from
henceforth bearing its proper share of the
national burdens. Why, sir, what distinction
is there? Where do taxes come from at last?
Go back to their origin. Where does the money
come from that pays them ? Sir, it comes out
of the labor of the people of the United States,
and it is right that the labor of the East and
of the AVest, of the North and the South should
all alike bear their share in the sustaining of
the national burdens. Above all, sir, in my
judgment, is it wrong, and infamously wrong,
that those who have brought upon this nation
the terrible burden that to-day rests upon its
industry should, by the magnanimity of the
nation, be.exempted from bearing their share
of those burdens.
I do not regard indeed this question as a
political question. I have no unkind feeling
toward the people of the southern States. I
have no unkind feeling toward the planting
interest. But, sir, I cannot but remember that
this great cotton interest which comes here
now appealing to our magnanimity is, ninety-
nine hundredths of it, in the hands of the
great land-owners who fomented this rebellion
for the purpose of breaking down our demo-
cratic system of government and establishing
aristocracy perpetually upon its ruins ; and it
is not for them to come to me and appeal to
my magnanimity merely to exonerate them
from sharing equally with me the burdens
which their treason has imposed upon the
nation.
So, sir, I rose merely to apply the arguments
of the Senator from Illinois. Let us, in refer-
ence to this proposal, be just to all sections.
You cannot do it now. What have your Com-
mittee on Finance done? Instead of having a
well-considered revenue system applicable to
all the sections and all the great interests of
