1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
charge of duty, and woe be to him who falters
from cowardice, or who, through corruption,
betrays.
Mr. COBB addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Never
was a great malefactor so gently treated as
Andrew Johnson. The people have been un-
willing to blot the records of their country by
mingling his crimes with their shame—shame
for endurance for so long a time of his great
crimes and misdemeanors. The committee
have omitted entirely his wicked abuse of the
patronage of the Government, his corruption
of the voters of the nation by seducing them
with the offers of office, and intimidating tliem
by threats of expulsion, all for the purpose of
making them abandon their honest principles
and adopt the bastard policy which he had
just conceived, a crime more heinous than that
which brought many ancient agitators to the
block. To this he was prompted by the same
motive which made the angels fall. Soon after
the death of Mr, Lincoln and the surrender of
the so-called confederate army and posses-
sions, the whole government of the territory,
persons and property of the territory claimed
by and conquered from the so-called confed-
erate States of America devolved upon the
Congress of the United States, according to the
most familiar and well-adjudicated principles
of national and municipal law, leaving nothing
for the President to do but execute the laws
of Congress and govern them by military
authority until Congress should otherwise
direct. Yet Andrew Johnson, assuming to
establish an empire for his own control and
depriving Congress of its just prerogative did
erect North Carolina and the other conquered
territories into States and nations, giving them
governments of his own creation and appoint-
ing over them rulers unknown to the laws of
the United States, and who could not by any
such laws hold any office therein. He fixed the
qualifications of electors, directed who should
hold office, and especially directed them to send
representatives to both branches of Congress,
ordering Congress to admit them when they
should arrive. When Congress refused and
asserted its sovereign prerogative to govern
those territories, except during their military
occupation, by their own inherent power, he
treated their pretensions,, as idleand refused to
obey them. When Congress subsequently
passed acts dated, March 2, 18G7, and their sup-
plements, to reconstruct those governments
under republican forms by the votes of tile peo-
ple, he pronounced them unconstitutional, and
after they had become laws he advised the
people not to obey them, thus seeking to defeat
instead of to execute the laws of Congress.
All this was done after Congress had declared
these outlying States as possessing no govern-
ments which Congress could recognize, and
that Congress alone had the power and control
over them. This monstrous usurpation, worse
than sedition and little short of treason, he
adhered to, by declaring in his last annual
message and at other times that there was no
Congress, and that all their acts were unconsti-
tutional. These, being much more fundamental
offenses, and, in my judgment, much more
worthy of punishment, because more fatal to
the nation, thecommittee have omitted in their
articles of impeachment, because they were
determined to deal gently with the President.
Encouraged by this impunity, the President
proceeded to new acts of lawless violence and
disregard of the express enactments of Con-
gress. It is those acts, trivial by comparison,
but grave in their positive character, for which
the committee has chosen to call him to answer,
knowing that there is enough among them,
if half were omitted, to answer the great object
and purpose of impeachment. That proceed-
ing can reach only to the removal from office,
and anything beyond what will effect that pur-
pose, being unnecessary, maybe looked upon
as wanton cruelty. Hence the tender mercies
of this committee have rested only on tlie most
trifling crimes and misdemeanors which they
could select from the official life of Andrew
Johnson.
I will begin with the articles in their inverse
ox-der and devote a few minutes to each._ The
tenth article charges the President with at-
tempting to induce the commander of this
military district, Major General Emory, to
disregard the law, by which he considered that
he was bound to act, requiring orders to be
issued through the General of the Army. The
President declared it to be, unconstitutional
and contrary to the General's commission.
About the fact there can be no doubt. There
could be but one purpose, and that was to use
the Army, if possible, for his operations against
Congress. l!y the ninth article it is charged
that the President violated the act regulating
the tenure of certain civil officers by appoint-
ing Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War ad in-
terim on the 21st day of Febiuary, 1808, and
declaring that lie had that day removed Edwin
M. Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War, the Senate being then in
session, and not having consented to said re-
moval. He ordered the said Lorenzo Thomas
to seize the property of the War Department
and act in place of Edwin M. Stanton, and
delivered to said Thomas a letter of authority
in writing authorizing him to do said acts.
About the fact there can bo no doubt, as the
certified records aver it. What defense the
President will make for this violation, direct
and palpable, of the civil-tenure bill, we must
wait and see.
The eighth article charges that the President
conspired with Lorenzo Thomas to seize, take,
and possess the property of the United States
in the War Department, in violation of the act
of March 2, 1807, before referred to. This fact
is also proved by the lecords.
The seventh article charges that the Presi-
dent entered into a conspiracy with Lorenzo
Thomas to prevent Edwin M. Stanton, Secre-
tary for the Department of War, from holding
the office of Secretary of War, to which he had
been appointed under the laws of the United
States. All this is proved by a letter of au-
thority produced by General Thomas when he
repeatedly demanded possession of the office
from the incumbent, and needs no further
proof till there be a satisfactory answer.
Article six charges that the President con-
spired with Thomas to seize the property of
the United States in the War Department, con-
trary to both the act of July, 1801, and the act of
March 2, before referred to. This is all proved
by the same letter of authority issued by the
President to said Thomas, and repeatedly pro-
duced by the latter to the Secretary of War in
his attempt to gain possession of said property.
As I am now only showing the evidence that
will be given, it would bo wrong to anticipate
the defense by argument, until we see the
authority upon which it rests.
Article five charges that the President con-
spired with Lorenzo Thomas to hinder the exe-
cution of the tonure-of-office bill, passed March
2, 1807, and to prevent Edwin JV[. Stanton,
Secretary of War, from holding said office.
The same evidence is conclusive upon this point.
The fourth article charges that the President,
in conspiracy with Lorenzo Thomas and with
other persons unknown, did attempt, bv intimi-
dation and threats, to prevent Edwin M. Stan-
ton, then and there Secretary of the Depart-
ment of War, from holding said office, contrary
to the provisions of the act of July ;>1, 1806.
The third article charges that the President,
on the 21st day of February, 1808, while the
Senate was in session, did appoint Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary of War ad interim without
the advice and consent of the Senate, no vacancy
havinghappened during the recess of the Senate
nor then existing. The commission produced
by Major General Thomas and the copy given
in evidence place that fact beyond dispute.
By the second section of the second article
of the Constitution the President is empowered
to make appointments to office by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, but not while
the Senate is in session without such consent.
The appointment, therefore, of General Thomas
was a palpable violation of the Constitution.
The first article charges that the President,
in violation of the Constitution and laws of the
United States, issued an order removing Edwin
M. Stanton from the office of Secretary of War,
commissioned by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, having suspended Mr.
Stanton from his office during the recess of the
Senate and within twenty days after the meet-
ing of the next session of the Senate, on the
12th day of December, having reported to the
Senate such suspension, with the evidence and
reasons for his action, and the Senate on the
13th of January, having considered the evi-
dence, refused to concur in the suspension,
whereby the said Edwin M. Stanton, by virtue
of the tenure-of-offico bill, did forthwith re-
sume the functions of his office, of which the
said President had due notice, as appears from
the records ; whereupon the President assumed
to remove the Secretary from office and to ap-
point Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary ad interim, and ordered the delivery
of possession, which order was unlawfully
issued, in violation of the act to regulate the
tenure of certain civil offices, and contrary to
the provisions of said act, and contrary to the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States, without the advice and consent of the
Senate then being in session.
I had thought that the article which I hold
in my hand was one of the articles reported ;
I had understood it was to be put in as one
of the articles, but when I came to read them,
after they were printed, I found that there were
two articles that are nearly alike, tautological,
I think ; but this was not in, and I suspect, it
was omitted by mistake. I will therefore read
it and call it one and a half, as, in my judg-
ment, it is the gist and vital portion of this
whole prosecution:
On the 12th day of August, 1S67, during the recess
of Congress, Andrew Johnson, Presnlentof the United
States, did suspend from oSlce Kdwia M. Stantun,
Secretary of the Department of War, hehaving been
duly appointed and then in possession and in dis-
charge of the duties of said office, and'did, as he was
bound to do by the aet entitled "An act regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices," report to the
Senate at its next meeting such suspension, with his
reasons for his action in the ca&e. By the second
section of said act it is provided, that "if the Senate
shall refuse to concur in such suspension, such officer
so suspended shall forthwith resume thefunctions of
his office, and the powers of the person so performing
its duties in his stead shall cease." While the Senate
was considering the sufficiency of the reasons re-
ported, and at other times Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent, as aforesaid, formed a deliberate design and
determination to prevent the execution of that por-
tion of the law and to prevent the said Edwin M.
Stanton from forthwith resuming the functions of his
offiec, notwithstanding the Senate should decide in
his favor, thereby committing a high misdemeanor m
office. And, when he was defeated in accomplishing
his design by the integrity and fidelity of the Secre-
tary lid interim, he so light to arrive at the same end by
Kiviug a letter of authority to one Lorenzo Thomas,
Adjutant txeneral of the Army, to ai l as Secietary of
War wl interim, and to take all the records, books,
papers, and other public property of said Depart-
ment into his custody, the Senate being then in
session; and he seveiely censured the former Secre-
tary ad interim for not yielding to his efforts to make
lnni betiu,y his trust.
I wish this to be particularly noticed, for I
intend to offer it as an amendment. I wish
gentlemen to examine and see that this
charge is nowhere contained in any of the
articles reported, and unless it be "inserted
there can be no trial upon it; and if there lie
shrewd lawyers, as I know there will be. and
cavilling judges, and, without this article, they
do not acquit him, they are greener than I was
in nny case I ever undercook before the court
of quarter sessions. It it be inserted his own
letters show both the removal and the attempt
to defeat the reinstatement of the Secretary
of ^ ar, although the Senate ehouid decide in
his favor. How, then, can be or his counsel
hope to escape, even if there were no other
charge—it is worth all of them put together—
from conviction, unless itbe upon what I know
they will relv on, the unconstitutionality of the
lenure-of-civil-office act. Let us for a moment
look and see what ehanee he has to escape
there. I may say that the Senate have four
times voted upon the constitutionality of that
