1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8661
avocations. Our hardy whalesmen are obliged
to double the Cape and make their years of
abode in these inhospitable regions, where their
own country does not own a foot of soil beyond
the forty-ninth degree of latitude. The English
possessions projecting from Canada come in
and make a peninsula between the United
States and Russia. It cuts the continent almost
to the Atlantic ocean.
No w,neither onVancouver's Island, so shame-
fully surrendered, and nowhere between that
and the north pole have the United States any
right of possession, or any privilege of catch-
ing or curing fish. This inconvenience is so
great, and still growing greater, that our peo-
ple would soon find that they would willingly
give the sum mentioned in the treaty for the
mere license. What are the advantages of this
new purchase ? It extends from a short dis-
tance above the Canada line nearly to the north
pole, and from sea to sea. It contains land
enough to make twelve States as large as Vir-
ginia. Nor is it that bleak and barren soil
which its high latitude would seem to indicate.
The warm breezes from the surface of thePacific
ocean and from a thousand boiling springs so
modify its climate as to make it remarkably
comfortable. It possesses at least a hundred
islands well covered with nutritious grass, so
also is most of the fast land. To furnish food
for all our fishermen it is only found neces-
sary to turn loose a few meat-producing ani-
mals. This would save the transportation of
supplies from Nantucket and New Providence.
This would give us the exclusive right to take
and procure fish in all that region. It is known
that our whalers and other navigators are apt to
have their boats and other craft stove and cast
away in that distant region. Now we cannot
get a stick of timber to repair them without
sailing down the coast to the mouth of the
Columbia river.
Now, it is known the islands of this archipel-
ago as well as the main lands contain abund-
ance of the toughest kind of ship timber. As
to treaties for the license to fish, you know how
difficult it is to produce them and how likely
they are to embroil nations. We barely escaped
war with England on account of one of them.
Our treaty with her allowed us to take and
procure fish within three leagues of the shore.
England contended that the line shouid follow
the indentations of the ocean. America con-
tended that the line should be run from head-
land to headland, and give to usjurisdiction of
all the interior space. That question is now
happily settled, mainly by the retreat of the
sea animals which gave it value. But the
amount of animal life, such as whale, salmon,
herring, and other fish conveyed to us by this
treaty is almost incredible. It is the great
storehouse whence annually descend herring
and other fish to supply the South.
But the mere material advantages furnished
are not all the chief benefits of this purchase.
The vastness of the nation is very often the
strength of the nation. What glory did Rome
acquire by being able to fix her boundary be-
yond the ultima Tkulet But the glory of a
nation is the strength of the nation.
As to the treaty-making power, it struck me
that the learned gentleman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs conceded more to the oppo-
nents of the bill than I am willing to do. If I
understood him rightly he admitted that Con-
gress had the right to consult and be consulted
in the formation of treaties. This, it seems to
me, is directly repugnant to the Constitution.
It gives to the President and Senate the sole
powertomake treaties, and when made declares
them the supreme law. If Congress had to be
consulted before a treaty was complete then
the provisions of the Constitution would be
partly thwarted. I know that treaties had been
formed which, contrary to the Constitution, had
embraced subjects not within the treaty-making
power, which I hold to be null and void. ^ It
the subject-matter be within the treaty-making
power, then I hold when a treaty is once com-
plete that no other department can alter it in
no one particular. If the treaty provides that
any other branch of the Government is to do
an act which it refuses to do that does not annul
the treaty. It. stands as a supreme obligation
like a national bond repudiated by the obligor.
I know this is not precisely the theory of the
Government, but I am giving my own opinion,
of no value but to myself.
Mr. MAYNARD resumed the floor.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not suppose the gen-
tleman wishes to proceed for the few minutes
that are left before five o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent that
the committee now take a recess till half past
seven o'clock.
No objection was made; and accordingly (at
four o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.) the
committee took a recess till half past seven
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Speaker
took the chair.
enrolled bills.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 166) for the relief of owners
of the land within the United States survey
No. 3217, in the State of Missouri; and
An act (S. No. 469) confirming the title to a
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lix, one of its clerks, announced thatthe Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, a bill (H.
R. No. TSO) for t'he relief of Martha M. Jones,
administratrix of Samuel T. Jones.
purchase or alaska.
The House, then, pursuant to order, resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Garfield in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. 10%, making an
appropriation of money to carry into effect the
treaty with Russia of March 30,1867, Mr. May-
naiid being entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, as I was cut off' in the midst of my
speech this afternoon, I ask permission to pub-
lish a few additional remarks.
No objection being made, permission was
granted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. _ I also
desire to speak five minutes this evening, but
as what I should say relates particularly to
observations that fell from the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Banks,] who is not here, and
as he probably will be present by and by, I ask
my friend from New York, [Mr. Fekris,] who
is to speak this evening, to say for me what I
would say myself.
Mr. M AYN ARD then addressed the commit-
tee. [See Appendix.]
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, we are about
to determine a question which must have an
important bearing on our future history. The
treaty-making power—the President and Sen-
ate—has, so far as it can, acquired what is
known as Russian America or Alaska, an
empire on the American continent, yet unde-
veloped it is true, but immense in its resources
and extent, and it remains for the House of
Representatives to approve or condemn the
purchase. No one doubts that our appropria-
tion of the purchase-money is needed to per-
fect the agreement. With this the possession
will be an accomplished fact. Without it, to
say the least, there will be difficulty in the pub-
lic mind, and if Russia shall withdraw and
assume authority over this territory or sell it
to another Power, still greater doubt as to
which would have been the better course.
I will not for a moment admit that the action
of the President and Senate binds us to com-
plete any purchase of territory whatever. If
the treaty-making power extended thus far we
should be required to accept a country although
inhabited by millions of slaves, or thousands
of miles distant, though its religion were in-
closed in the Koran or-its people dwelt at the
feet of polygamy and barbarism. If Alaska
could be thus acquired, why not China or
Japan ? To state the proposition that the House
of Representatives need not be consulted in
such an event is its own best refutation. It is
unnecessary to trouble the committee with
precedents. The House of Representatives
asserted its right in this regard, even against
the protest of Washington, as early as 1794 in
relation to the British treaty, and has in no
instances that I am aware of surrendered this
right. Nor is the objection solely that a grant
of money must bo made by law before the
treaty can be carried to its perfect consumma-
tion. It is for the people through their Rep-
resentatives to say whether from locality or
for any cause an acquisition of territory is
subversive in their opinion of the interests or
principles of the Government.
Whether we choose to concur in and perfect
this purchase is an entirely different matter.
For one, I am in favor of so doing, and in com-
mittee agreed to the report of its distinguished
chairman, [Mr. Bakks,] except as to this
stronger assertion than his of our own power.
That tlie treaty is with a nation which has
been our constant friend, sympathizing in our
struggle for the preservation of the Union is,
I confess, not without its due influence ; and
when it is remembered that a year has passed,
and months of possession since the treaty with-
out protest on the part of this House, that
adds much to the other considerations in favor
of the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, the acquisition of Alaska has
encountered in this House an opposition of the
bitterest description. An open one, however,
which deserves to be met with like distinct-
ness. Its coast is represented as dreary and
inhospitable beyond belief; its interior is
scarcely known, or where known uninviting
and valueless; the purchase itself utterly
uncalled for and reprehensible. Ridicule, the
most powerful of weapons, is launched Irom
able tongues to drive away the American flag
which now floats above it. Finally, the demand
is that Russia be requested to repossess this
domain and relieve us from its incumbrance.
When, after the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
a similar measure was proposed, an able states-
man who had not favored the Mexican war,
Mr. Vinton, said :
" That this country (California and New Mexico)
would never be surrendered to Mexico might be put
down as a fixed fact. It was just as certain as that
Georgia would never be given back to the Kms oi
England."
I do not believe Alaska will be given up. _ I
will notice directly the statements on which
this opposition is founded. They will be shown
often incorrect, and generally insufficient to
overbalance the benefitsof the treaty. But for
the present I choose to treat the subject in an
aspect which overshadows all others. The pos-
session of Alaska is a question of power.
The North American continent for a long
time was held by England, Spain, and France.
The former, which, contrary to its early in-
stincts of aggrandizement and naval science,
turned away from its shores the '• world-seek-
ing Genoese," made haste to repair the error,
and in less than five years afterward the Vene-
tian Cabots from Labrador to Florida gave her
the outlines of a new empire. For three cen-
turies three or four European Powers, with
varying fortunes, acquired and divided North
America. Then came the war of the Revolu-
tion and its conquest from Great Britain, and
very soon the United States began to discuss
territorial questions and make assertions of
doctrine in regard to them. Those assertions
have been constant, until the American doctrine
is unmistakable. We have kept aloof from the
desire for foreign territory; we have steadily
refused to acquire new territory here simply by
conquest; Mexico was ours by the force ot
arms, and we restored it; but we have just as
steadily endeavored to remove the interference
which monarchical institutions in North Amer-
