1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
does not prevent domestic spirits being trans-
ported in bond? And I should like to know
what excuse western men will give their con-
stituents for tolerating the transportation of
foreign spirits while they deny them the right
to transport domestic spirits in bond ?
Mr. Speaker, I am certainly astonished that
gentlemen from the West should be found to
oppose a bill of this kind. I am also astonished
that they should try to "ring in" this thing
of distilled spirits. We will have that up in
a few days, and I wish to hear the explana-
tions ot the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] and the Ways and Means Com-
mittee I wish to know how they have been
managing this matter of spirits. But so far as
that matter is concerned it never entered into
the minds of the Committee on Commerce; that
is, the transportation of foreign spirits. Cer-
tainly there is no doubt if there is any imported
it will go over the country as any other kind of
merchandise. I see no objection to it, but I
will consent to have it struck out of the bill.
1 will accept the gentleman's amendment.
The SPKAKEK. That cannot be done, as
the bill comes from the committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
after the word "merchandise" to insert the
words " other than distilled spirits and wines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that the previous
question-will not be seconded, as this bill ought
to bo referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
CO, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas (56, nays 64, not voting
56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Asliloy, Beatty, Blaine,
Brouiwell, Burr, Cary. Chanlcr, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Harding, Hill,
Hopkins, Chester D.Hubbard, Johnson, Jones, Judd
Julian, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lough-
ridge, Mallory, Marshall, McClurg, McCormick, Mil-
ler, Mooro, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Myers, New-
eomb, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Robertson, Boss, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Aaron P. Stevens, 'i'affe.
Taylor, Trowbridge, liobert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, lilihu 15. \V ashburne, Welker, William Wil-
liams, and Windom—G6.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell, Delos II.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman, Beck,
Benton, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks, Brooinall,
Churchill, Covode, Driggs, Eldridge, Parnsworth,
i'erriss. Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner, (ioliaday, Grover,
Haight. Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hunter, Jenekes,
Kerr, Kutcham, Knott, Lallin, William Lawrence,
Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Mereur,
Niblack, Perhain, Phelps, Price, Randall, Raum,
Schenek, Selye, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Taber, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
William B. Washburn, and Wood—64.
NOT VOTINO—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, A xtell, Bailey, Banks, Bamuin,Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Cook, Cornell, Dodge,
Eckley, Kla, Pinney, I'ox, fctarfield, Gravely, (iris-
wold, Ilalsey, Hawkins, llolman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard. Hulburd, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Lincoln, Logan,
Maj nard, Morrissey.Mullins, M ungen, Peters, Pome-
roy.Pruyn, Robinson, Shanks,Smith, Spalding,Thad-
deus Stevens, Stone, Twiehell, Van Aernam, Van
Wycli. Cadwalader C. Washburn. Henry D. Wash-
bum, Thomas Williams. James P.Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson. Woodbridge.and Wood-
ward—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
louisville bridge company.
Mr. EGGLESTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back House joint resolu-
tion No. 215, relative to the Louisville Bridge
Company, with an amendment.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of War to cause an inquiry and
examination to be made by a competent and
impartial officer of engineers to ascertain
whether the Louisville Bridge Company has
located and is constructing a bridge across the
Ohio river at the head of the falls of said river
in accordance with the provisions of acts of
Congress approved July 14,1862, and February
17, 1865, and to have the same done and
reported to Congress at as early a period as
practicable, to the end that the interests of the
public may be protected and no injustice done
by delay or otherwise to said company.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to insert the following:
And the Secretary of War is hereby instructed to
cause ail examination by a competent engineer of all
other bridges erected, orin progress of erection, across
any of the navigable waters of the United States,
and report to Congress any and all violations of the
law under which said bridge or bridges are being or
have been erected.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will state that this
joint resolution was introduced by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to, and
the joint resolution, as amended,was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
• message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlist,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bill of the following
title, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 650) to amend an act of
3d March, 1865, providing for the construc-
tion of certain wagon-roads in Pakota Terri-
tory.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to proceed to business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASlIBUItNIS, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the jJurpose of considering the appropriation
bills.
Mr. SCHENCK. Which bill has prece-
dence?
The SPEAKER. The Indian appropria-
tion bill, unless it is laid aside by a majority of
the committee.
Mr. ELIOT. The object of my motion is to
take up a bill from the Senate and refer it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us
first get through with the Indian appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules precludes the motion to proeecd to
business on the Speaker's table j because it
suspends that rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us clear off the
Speaker's table. There is not a great deal
there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
several bills on the table that will cause a good
deal of debate. When we get out of commit-
tee I will then make no objection.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was agreed to—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself nito
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Blaikein the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 1073,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tmgent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1869.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the Indian
appropriation bill be laid aside, and that the
internal tax bill be taken up.
Mr. BUTLER. I trust not.
The motion of Mr. Schinok was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
Onk-pah-pah band;
For third of twenty installments, being thirtydol-
lars'for each lodge or family, (three hundred lodges.)
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October 20, 1865, $9,000.
Mr. TAFFB. I move to amend the fore-
going paragraph by adding the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That said payment shall not be made
unless the Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied
that said tribe has observed its treaty stipulations:
or in case a portion ef said tribe shall have observed
their obligations, payment shall be made to such/
individuals pro rata.
The reason I offer the Amendment
I notice by the Yankton \apers, and/le&rn
from parties directly from tli^upper Missouri,
that these Onk-pah-pah Indiari^hay'yTecently
made a raid upon a camp of ify^fon Sioux
near Fort Randall, and also upon the stock
of thafc post. They captured several head of
horses and made warlike demonstrations gen-
erally. The garrison was out in line of battle—
too weak to assume the offensive—and the offi-
cers, as I learn, complimented and congratu-
lated themselves upon the fact that the post
was not taken. These Indians walked leisurely
away with their booty, and complained that
the Government kept such poor stock. I wish
the attention of the Secretary of the Interior
directed to these facts, and, as the terms of
the treaty and bill are peremptory, there should
be a discretion lodged somewhere, so that pay-
ment may not be made to those parties who
have been guilty of these flagrant acts of war.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not rise to oppose the
amendment 5 or rather, I rise to oppose it in a
technical sense, but not actually. The com-
mittee thought of putting in such a proviso, to
extend to all these bands of Indians j and, if
the gentleman will withdraw the amendment
and modify it so as to include two or three
more tribes which, since we reported the bill,
have gone into raids and spoliations in defiance
of treaties, I shall be very glad.
Mr. TAFFE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of expressing the hope that the
amendment may be put in such general terms
as to cover all the bands mentioned in the bill
which may have violated their treaty stipula-
tions, and exclude them from the right to
appropriations under this bill. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr.HIGBY. I move to strikeout " $5,000,''
in line thirteen hundred and forty four, and to
insert u $7,500" in lieu thereof; so that the
paragraph will read: "For the general inci-
dental expenses of the Indian seivice in Cali-
fornia, including traveling expenses of the
superintending agents, $7,500." I find that
the appropriation for last year was $7,000.
I know something in regard to the.se expendi-
tures. There are four reservations in the
State, and it is necessai'y, for their proper
administration, that the superintendent snouid
visit them at least twice a year, and the dis-
tance between the two extreme reservations is
at least live hundred miles. 1 know that these
estimates for last year and the >ear heiore
were made by a man whose integrity no man
can impeach, and of whom onewhose voice is
now hushed, but whose name this whole nation
honors—no other than Abraham Lincoln said
that no purer or honester man lived upsn the
cattli than Charles >Ialthy;_ he used those words
in my presence. The estimates made lor the
two last years are $7,500, and I know that the
