•]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE".
m
40th Cons....2d Sess.
Iieconstructiorir-~Mr. Morrill.
of the people of the United States, or the States, are,
or may hereafter be, suspended by the existence of
this war, or by any promulgation of martial law, or
by the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus im-
mediately upon the termination of the war such pow-
er.-?, lights, privileges, immunities, and liberties would
be resumed, and would have force and effect as
though they had *iot been suspended.
"4. Resolved, Thattheduty of Congress to guaranty-
to every State a republican form oi government, to
protect each of them against invasion, and on the
application of the Legislature or executive thereof
against domestic violence, and to cnforcethe author-
ity, Constitution, and laws of the United States in all
the States, are constitutional obligationswhieh abide
all times and circumstances.
"5. Resolved, Thatno State can, by any vote of seces-
sion, or by rebellion against the authority, Constitu-
tion, and laws of the United States, or by any other
act, abdicate her rights or obligation^ undor that
Constitution or those laws, or absolve her people
from their obedience to them, or the United States
from their obligation to guaranty to such State a
republican form of government, and to protect her
people by causing the due enforcement within her
territories of the authority. Constitution, and kuvs
of the United States.
^ "6. Resolved, That there cannot be any forfeiture
or confiscation of the rights of persons or property
of any citizen of the United States"who is loyal and
obedient to tlic authority, Constitution, and laws
thereof, or of any person whatsoever, unless for acts
which the law has previously declared to bo criminal,
and for the punishment of which it has provided
such forfeiture or confiscation.
"7. Resolved, That it is the duty oftheUnitcd States
to subdue and punish the existing rebellion by force
of arms and civil trials in the shortest practicable
time, and with the least cost to the people, but so
decisively and thoroughly as to impress upon the
present and future generations as a great truth that
rebellion, except for grievous oppression of Govern-
ment, will bring upon the rebels incomparably more
of evil than obedience to the Constitution and the
laws.
"8. Resolved, That'the United States Government
should march their armies into all the insurgent
States, and promptly put down the military power
which they have arrayed against it, and givo pro-
tection and security to the loyal men thereof, to
enable them to reconstruct their legitimate State
governments, and bring them and the people back to
the Union and to obedieneo and duty under theCon-
stitution and the laws of tlio United States, bearing
the sword in one hand and the olive branch in the
other, and while inflicting on the guilty loaders con-
dign and exemplary punishment, granting amnesty
and oblivion to the comparatively innocent masses;
and if the people of any State cannot, or will not,
reconstruct their State government and return to
loyalty and duty. Congress should provide a govern-
ment for such State as a Territory of the United
States, securingto the people thereof their appropri-
ate constitutional rights."
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the honorable
Senator that I adhere to every principle and
every position in those resolutions, and I have
done so throughout the war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am more than
delighted to hear that approbation, because I
shall soon expect the honorable Senator to
range himself on our side. [Laughter.}
Mr. DAVIS. I shall show you where I stand
in a day or two. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My purpose was
in part to compliment the Senator for his intu-
itive sense of the rights of the Grovemment and
for his elaboration of those rights in the form
of a statement so early as 1862, and to give him
the fall credit of having been the originator
of congressional reconstruction. Precisely the
state of things which he contemplated in these
resolutions came to pass. He then said to the
rebels: if you resist my admonition, if you con-
tinue fighting, if you bring on general war, if
you put yourselves in the attitude ot public en-
emies, not only pains and penalties shall come
to you, not only forfeiture of property and of
civil and political nglits, but when the great
destruction of State constitutions, when the
day of subversion comes, then the nation will
interpose and it will be the duty, nay, the neces-
sity, of the nation, to interpose, to do what? to
''reconstruct," readjust the disordered parts,
reconstruct State constitutions in harmony with
the changed state of things produced by the
war. That is what the honorable Senator then
foresaw, and that, by the blessing of God, is
what we are now trying to do. He saw with
clear vision what the results would be if they
continued in their resistance to the Govern-
ment until the Government was obliged to ex-
ercise its supreme authority of war, so that it
should destroy slavery, State institutions, con-
40xn Oosg. 2d Sbss.—No. 8.
stitulions, Governments, and general disorder
should ensue. Then, under the constitutional
provision which guaranties to1 the people of
each State a' republican government, it would
be the duty of- the Government of the United
States—not of the President, but of the United
States—to step in and restore them. " How?
By restoring the old State-governments? No
such thing was contemplated, no such thing
was dreamed of, but to restore order by an
adjustment of the parts, adjusting the nation
to its changed condition by reconstruction.
Let me read one of these resolutions again.
The Senator will excuse the satisfaction I take
in this early part of his labors here. My espe-
cial interest centers in the last resolution. My
admiration of it is unbounded. [Laughter.]
I have kept it by me constantly, and have ad-,
monished the honorable Senator from, time to
time, as I thought he needed, that his record*
was against his present position, that he was
doing violence in these latter days to his former
good works and ways, that his early record was
sound, logical, and right, but that his speeches
of late, for some reason or other, were doing
great violence to it. Now let me read the
emphatic parts of the last resolution:
" That the United States Government should march
their armies into all thoinsurgoiit States and promptly
put down the military power which they have ar-
rayed against it, and give protection and security to
the loyal men thoreofV'
Give protection to "the loyal men," carry
the sword for the rebels, the olive branch for
the loyal men. That is what wo are doing now.
Mr. SUMNER. And the phrase is "loyal
men," without distinction of color. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not notice
that, but of course "all loyal'1 men, of neces-
sity, includes the colored men.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the reso-
lution proceeds:
"Givo protection and security to tho loyal men
thereof."
To what end are you to give security to
the loyal men?
"To enable them to reconstruct"—
That is it. There is the word—
"to reconstruct their legitimate State governments."
Now, what if they do not do it?
"And if the people of any State cannot, or will not.
reconstruct their State government and return to
loyalty and duty, Congress should provide a govern-
ment for such State as a Territory of the Unitod
States."
It was never proposed to treat them abso-
lutely as Territories on this side of the Cham-
ber. I think, after that declaration, it is
hardly worth while for us to speculate about
"States in the Union or out of the Union."
If as early as 1862 the honorable Senator from
Kentucky contemplated that m the progress of
events these States would be in the position
of territories. Then it would be proper for the
Congress of the United States to treat them as
Territories and give them governments as
Territories, I am inclined to think it is hardly
worth while for us to quibble on nice points.
All I have to regret about this is that while I
am disposed to immortalize the Senator from
Kentucky in the history of the country, 1 am
atraid it will deiogate from the record of my
honorable friend from Massachusetts. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 have always supposed, and I think tho
general impression is, that the Senator from
Massachusetts was the originator of the idea
that these States were remitted to territorial
rights, and should be treated as Territories.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me I will present him with the resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts, offered
about three days before my series, and to which
mine was a response. There was not a voice
in favor of his except his own \vhen they were
offered in the Senate.
Mr. MORJJILL, of Maine. He could not
have got a patent right for his. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honofftble Senator
■allow them to be read ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I shall want
to look at them. I do not desire to get up any
antagonism between the honorable Senator
from Kentucky and my friend from Massa-
chusetts. I prefer to leave theia- to fight it oat.'
[Laughter. ]
Mr. DAVIS. I will take a hifcortwo at yon
as I go along. [Laughter.].
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I Understand
the honorable Senator from Kentucky ta inti-
mate that he is prepared on this point. I am
glad to hear it. If the Senator believes, as; he
professes to, that Congress in its " reconstruc-
tion policy " is making war on the Constitution
of the United States, it is obvious that his
record here places him on the skirmish line,
at least.
Enough, Mr. President, and more than enough
I am sure, upon this greatquestion in-this case ;
the point which underlies the whole of it, and
upon which policies of restoration and recon-
struction must rest is that by the war, through
the war, and on account of the War, the south-
ern States lost their State government and with"
them all the rights of States and-all the-rights
of individuals, and were in the power of the
General Government, at the close- of the war
and must look to-the General Government for
the restoration' of fckeir rights, including the
rights of government, amnesty for the great
crime they had committed during the war, and
for the future of their State®. It- I have dem-
onstrated this proposition there is nothing left
for the nation except the policy of Congress,
reconstruction, not restoration—"reconstruc-
tion'' against "restoration."
Now, sir, the only question left on the merits
of the case, to which I shall barely refer, not
to argue it, not even to state it, is whether
Congress has performed its duty wisely and
well; whether the reconstruction policy em-
braced in the several acts now before Congress,
and those which have antedated them, are a
wise discharge of the great duty devolving upon
the Congress of the United States at the close
of the war to reconstruct these States in har-
mony with the national life? What have wo
done? I am not to enumerate, but will simply
state, the substance of the acts under considera-
tion.
First, our military bill, so much denounced
as establishing military despotism, is simply an
interposition of a police force to preserve order
and the agency by which reconstruction is to be
consummated. That is all it is, and I defy the
ingenuity of Senators to make it either more
or less in its essence, in its provisions, or in
its purposes.
Mr. President, I ^esire briefly to advert to
the position taken in the debate by Senators on
the other side of the Chamber. I begin with
the Senator from Man-land. For his record
on reconstruction I have "little but approbation.
I have the highest consideration for his char-
acter, his talents, his patriotism, and his pub-
lic services. I could not say less to do jus-
tice to my own feelings and my own sense of
the public record of that Senator. I under-
stand that for all piaciical purposes, and for
the highest objects to be obtained by Congress
in its policy of reconstruction, the honorable
Senator from Maryland stands with Congress—■
1 do not mean to say-that of his constitutional
| and legal opinions, but of that legislative rec-
j oru of the Congress of the Uniied States which
j will stand out in history as the grandest legi3-
| lative record in all time—the Senator from
| Maryland stands peerless and alone on that
1 side of the Ohamboi.
! Now, sir. the reconstruction policy of Con-
gre^s is a complex poliev. It is not embraced
j' simply in the bills to which I have alluded, but
it covers the whole period of the war. We
i besran to reconstruct as soon as we began to
I conquer. .
! The great measure which will stand out in
