1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
very bill. On the 19th day of February, 1867,
the Senate passed that bill by a vote of yeas
29, nays 9. I am sorry to say that it was a
party vote, but every Republican voted in its
favor. Let me see the recreant who will now
dare to tread back upon his steps and vote upon
the other side.
Gentlemen remember that we had a commit-
tee of conference upon the bili, and the votes
were—yeas 22, nays 10; every Republican
present voting, after a long discussion, in favor
of the constitutionality of the measure. Then
came the veto of the President and his reasons
therefor, when the bill was again submitted to
the Senate and passed by yeas 85, nays 11;
every Republican present voting in favor of the
bill. I will not go further, although I could
trace one or two other incidental votes of pre-
cisely the same character.
Now, if my article is adopted, let him hope
who dares to hope that so high a body as the
Senate will betray its trust, will forget its own
acts, will tread back upon its own action, will
disgrace itself in the face of the nation. Point
me to one who dare do it, and I will show you
one who will dare the infamy of posterity.
What chance, then, would Andrew Johnson
have had we not left out the article I desire to
move as an amendment, in order to give him a
loophole of escape. Gentlemen can see how
fair we are. If my article be inserted what
chance has Andrew Johnson to escape, even
if all the rest of the articles should fail? Un-
fortunate man! thus surrounded, hampered,
tangled in the meshes of his own wickedness—
unfortunate, unhappy man, behold your doom.
The debate was continued by Messrs. MAR-
SHALL, HIGBY, MILLER, JULIAN, and
DR1GGS. [See Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Dawjss.) By order
of the House, the hour of three o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the fifteen-minutes debate on
the report of the committee has closed. The
report will now be open for one hour to five-
minutes debate upon amendments.
Mr. BOUTWKLL. I am instructed by the
committee on those articles to report and move
an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
If gentlemen will follow the Clerk as he reads
the substitute, and compare it with the report
as printed, they will observe that the greater
portion of the changes are merely verbal.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Article I.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 21st day of February, in the year
of our Lord 18G8, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, unmindful of the high duties of bis oifi.ee,
of his oath of office, and of the requirement of the
Constitution that he should take euro tliat the laws
be faithfully executed, did unlawfully, and in viola-
tion of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, issue an order in writing for the removal of
Edwin M. Stanton from the office of Secretary for
the Department of War. said Edwin M. Stanton hav-
ing been theretofore duly appointed and commis-
sioned, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate of the United States, as such Secretary, and
saidAndrew Johnson,Presidentof the Unitcd-States,
on the 12th day of August, in the year ot our Lord
1867, and dunng the recess of said Senate, having
suspended by his order Edwin M.Stanton fiom said
office, and within twenty days after the first day of
the next meeting of said Senate, that is to say, on
the 12th day of December, in the year last aforesaid,
having reported to said Senate such suspension with
the evidence and reasons for his action in the case
and the name of the person designated to perform
the duties of such office temporarily until the next
meeting of the Senate, and said Senate, there-
atterward, on the 13th day ot January, in the year
of our Loid 1808, having duly considered the evi-
dence and reasons reported by said Andrew Johnson
for said suspension, and having refused to concur in
said suspension, whereby and by force of the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867,
said lvlwin M. Stanton did forthwith resume the
fum'tioiib of his office, -whereof the said Andrew
Johnson had then and there due notice, and said
Edwin M. Stanton, by reason of the premises, on said
2ist day ot February, being lawfully entitled to hold
said ofilee of Secretary for the Department of War,
which said order for the removal of said Edwin M.
Stanton is, in substance, as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sm: By virtue of the power a,nd authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States you aro hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major GeneralLorenzo
Thomas, AdjutantGeneral of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
-tary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwtn M. Stanton, Washington, 2). 0.
Which order was unlawfully issued with intent
then and thereto violatetheactentitled "Anaetreg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2,1867? and, with the furtherintent contrary to
the provisions of said act, in violation thereof, and
contrary to the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, and without the advice and consent
of the Senate of the United States, the said Senate
then and there being in session, to remove said Ed-
win M. Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War, tho said Edwin M. Stanton be-
ing then and there Secretary of War, and being
then and there in the due and lawful execution and
discharge of tho duties of said office, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and therccommit, andwas guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office.
Article II.
That on said 21st day of February, in the year of
our Lord 1868, at Washington, in tho District of Co-
lumbia, said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office,
of his oath of office, and in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and contrary to the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act regalating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867,
without the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States, said Senate then and there being in
session, and without authority of law, did, with in-
tent to violate tho Constitution of tho United States
and the act aforesaid, issue and deliver to one Lo-
renzo Thomas a letter of authority in substance as
follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion.
Washington, I). C.s February 21. 1868.
Sir: Hon.Edwin M. Stanton having been tins day
removed from office as Secretary tor tho Depart-
ment of War, you aro hereby authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of Wrar ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of the
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washingto?i, I). V.
Then and there being no vacancy in said office of
Secretary for tho Department of War, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, Presidcntof the United States,did
then and therccommit, and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office.
Article III.
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson,Presidentof tho United
States, on the 21st day of February, m the year of our
Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of Columbia,
did commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in
office in this, that, without authority of law, while
the Senate of tho United States was then and therein
session, ho did appoint ono Loienzo Thomas to bo
See-retary for the Department of War ad interim,
without the advice and consent of tho Senate and
with intent to violate tho Constitution ot tho United
States, no vacancy having happened m said office of
Secretary for the Department of War during the rc-
cess of the Senate, and no vacancy existing in said
office at the time, and which said appointment, so
made by said Andrew Johnson, of said Loronzo
Thomas, is in substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. 0., February 21, 1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the iccoids, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON,
To BrevetMajorGcneral Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, J), C.
Article IV.
That said Andrew Johnson, Presidont of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, in violation ot the Constitu-
tion and laws of tho United Slates, on tho 21st day
of February, in the year of our Lord 1868, at Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, did unlawfully
conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas, and with other
persons to the House of Representatives unknown,
with intent, by intimidation and threats unlawfully,
to hinder and prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and
there the Secretary for the Department of War, duly
appointed under the laws of the United States, from
holding said office of Secretary for the Department
of War, contrary to and in violation of thoConstitu-
tion of the United States, and of the provisions of an
act entitled "An act to define and punish certain con-
spiracies," approved July 31,1861, whereby said An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and there commit, and was guilty of a high
crime in office.
Article V.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February,
in the year of our Lord 1868, and on divers of her days
ancTiimes in said year, before the 2d day of March,
A. D. 1868, at Washington, in the Districtof Columbia,
did unlawfully conspire with ono Lorenzo Thomas,
and with other persons to the House of Representa-
tives unknown, to prevent and hinder the execution
of an act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1867, and in
pursuance of said conspiracy did unlawfully attempt
to prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and there being
Secretary for the Department of War,dnly appointed
and commissioned under the laws of the United States,
from holding said office, whereby the said Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, did then
and there commit and was guilty of a high misde-
meanor in office.
Article VI.
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson. Presidentof the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
ot his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, in
the year of our Lordl86S, at Washington, in tho Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas, by force to seize, take, and possoss
the property of the United States in the Department
of War, and then and there in the custody and charge
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary for said Depart-
ment, contrary to the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to define and punish certain conspiracies/'
approved July 31,1861, and with intent to violate and
disregard an act entitled "An act regulating the ten-
ure of certain civil offices," pa-ssed March 2, 1867,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, did then and therccommit a high crime
in office.
Article VII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of tho Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on tho 21st day of February,
in the year of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
one Lorenzo Thomas with intent unlawfully to seize,
take, and possess the property of the United States
in theDcpartment of War, in the custody and charge
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary for said Department,
with intent to violate and disregard the act entitled
"An act icgulatmg the tenure of certain civil offi-
ces/' passed March 2, 1867, whereby said Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, did then
and there commit a high misdemeanor in office.
Article Vlll.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of ^heUnited
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, with intent unlawfully to
control tho disbursements of the moneys appropria-
ted for tho military service and for the Department
of War, on the 21st day of February, in tho year of
our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, did unlawfully and contrary to the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices,'' passed March 2, 1867,
and in violation of the Constitution of the United
States, and without the advice and conscnt of tho
Senate of the United States, a.nd while the Senate
was then and there in session, there being no vacancy
in the office of Secretaryfor the Department of War,
with intent to violate and disregard the act aforesaid,
then and thero issue aud deliver to one Lorenzo
Thomas a letter of authority in writing, in substance
as follows, that is to &ay :
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. 0., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this
day removed from office as Secretaryfor the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and cm-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of tho
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public
property now m his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To BrevctMajorGeneral Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, D, G.
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article IX.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on tho 22d day of February, in the yeai
of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, in disregard of the Constitution and the
laws of the United States, duly enacted, as Oom-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of the United States,
did biing before himself then and there William H.
Emory, a major general by brevet in the Army of the
United States, actually in command of the depart-
ment of Washington and the military forces thereof,
and did then and there, as such Commander-in-Chief,
declare to and instruct said Emory that part of a law
of the United States, passed March 2,1867, entitled
"An act making appropriations for thesupportof the
Army for the year ending June 30,1868, and for other
purposes," especially the second section thereof, which
provides, among other things, that "all orders and
instructions relating to military operations issued by
the President or Secretary of War shall be i^sm-d
through the General of the Army, and, in case of his
inability, through the next in rank," was unconstitu-
tional, and in contravention of thecommissionof&aul
Emory, and which said provision of law had been
theretofore duly and legally promulgated by general
order for the Government and direction oi the Aimy
of the United States, as the said Andrew Johnson
then and there well knew, with intent thereby to in-
duce said Emory, in hisofficial capacity as commander
ot the department ot Washington, to violate the pro-
visions of said act, and to take and receive, act upon,
and obey such orders as he, the said Andrew John-
son, might make and give, and which should not bo
issued through the General of the Army of the Uni-
