1867.
WTH CON'GBBSSIQNAL GX.QB&
the country, distributing equally the bhrdens
and distributing equally relief alike, they come
here with a single measure unconnected with/
anything else and ask us to take- that by itself
t^nd leave all other interests to the uncertain-
ties of the future. .
Sir, it is right that this measure should be
postponed. It is right that the Senate, intend-
ed by the Constitution to be the conservative
force in the Government, should resist this^
temporary flurry which is now sweeping over ]
the land—I care not how created or how |
fomented—but should resist it, and calmly, j
deliberately examining this great subject of
internal taxation in all its bearing^, give to ns j
a system which, in the language of the Senator 1
from Illinois, will be just to all of us alike.,
Mr. DOOLITTLE, Mr. President, I agree
with the honorable Senator from Connecticut
that we should be. joet;. and in ojjposiag this
tak I da uo not fr m any motivssof niagu#c
nknity or & disposition to favor-one section <&
the country at the expense of the other. It is
simply because I. would be just that I have
Opposed the imposition of a tjw upon the rais-
ing of cotton. Now, Mr. President, let ug look
for one moment at this question to see where
the justice lies 
ilr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Wiscon-
gin rives w y, and I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
My. SHERMAN. I shall object to a further
postponement of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore*,; Does the
Senator from Wisconsin give way to U e Sen-
ator from Minnesota?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will do so if it is the
desire of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
fiestion is on the motion of the Senator from
innesota, that the Senate proceed to the owv-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to j and after some
time spent in executive seesion,'the doorswere
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
to whatever conmitteeft they.see fit, and the
rules «l}ow themtodosp; and the committees
are to take charge of whatever business may
be referred to them. And although it .may
have been proper to have referred the commu-
nications to the committees mentioned by the
gentleman the House .lias therightto do other-
wise, and its action caa.be reversed only by
unanimous consent or by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. R0Bl,NS01f. Let me, say one word.
The rule is absolute, and I ask that it may bo
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 17, 1867.,
: The House met at twelve o'clock m. Primer
by the Chaplain,-Rev. C. B. Boyntoh.
The Journal of yesterday . jfaa read And
approved. ••
8WORNIX.
'• Mr. LOAN. I rise to a privileged questtori.
The member-elect for the third congressional
district of the State of Missouri is now present,
and I ask that he may be sworn in.
• Jamss M. McCokhick then presented hint-
self and took the oath prescribed by lsnr.'
ORDER OF BUSINESS. .
Mr. KOONTZ. 1 desire to offer a joint reso-
lution, and I ask unanimous consent to Hay a
few words in regard to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Hlinois. I call for
&e regular order of business. Let the morn-
ing hour commence, and then if gentlemen
who are chairmen of committees which, are
called choosetogive way and have their time
taken up by other matters they eaa do so. A-t
the expiration $£ the morning hour I propose
to move to go into th$ Committee of the Whole.
, The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the call of committees fo?s.reports,
beginning with the Committee for the District
of Colombia; and the morning hour h^s now
commenced.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to $ privileged
question under the forty-ninth rule ,of the
fioose. I move that the several commons car
tions from the Departments relative to the
expenditures of the Departments be taken
from the Committee on Retrenchment, to
which they were referred, and that thesamp
jbe referred to the several standing committees
having thpae_ matters in charge. Upon that
^notion I desire to say a few words.
.. The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
fiestion, nor a question of privilege. Itiain
e portvet of the House, to refer such matters
The SPEAKER, If the gentleman appeals
from the decision .of the Chair he can Kave the
rule read. ■ . <
Mt. ROBINSON. I do not dpsire to appeal.
The SPEAKER. Thea the decision of the
Chair will stand as the judgment of the House;
PENSIONS FOR MINORS..
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to amend sec-
tion eleven of the supplemental pension act,
approved June 0,1866; .which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee ob Invmlid Pensions.
METERS FOR DISTILLERS.
. Mr. KOONTZ. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution relative to furnish-
ing meters to certain distillers.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
JURORS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mf. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported baek House
bill No. 190, to provide for juries in certain
eases in the District of Columbia, and moved
that t&e bill be printed and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bilt'befead. ,
The bill was read at length, 'the first sec-
tion provides that in all criminal cases com-
menced in the supreme cetn-t of the District
of Columbia, upon satisfactory showing- that
an impartial jury to try such cases cannot be
obtained in the District, it shall be lawful to
issue a special venire of such number of dis-
interested men as may be deemed necessary,
being citizens of the United States, and hav-
ing the qualifications of electors in the State
or district of their residence; and that such
names n*ay. be selected from the District of
Columbia, or any "State of. the Union, and that
jthe venire shall, be served by the marshal of
the District of Columbia, as c>ther venires facia*
are now directed to be served by law.
The second spctiop provides that it shall be
the duty of those thus served to> appear before
the-sapreme Court of the District of Colum-
bia, and they shall be entitled to the same
fees as are now allovred by law to jufcrrs in the
District, with such additional mileage as may
be allowed by the cbnrt, &c, '
The third sectioii provides that the jury for
the trial of such1 cases shall be impaneled
from the persons named io such venire facias,
subject .to such challenges. as are now author-
ized by la,w in like , cases. !
The fourth, section provides thai when from
challenge or otherwise,there shall not be a
jury obtained from the persons named in such
venire facias other write shall be issued for
such additional persons as may be deemed
necessary by the. court to obtain such jury.
, Section five repeals all conflicting acts or
parts of acts. ,,
The bill was then ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent^
introduced a joint resolution to construe the
provisions of certain acts which require the
Authorities of the District of Columbia to pay
any .part of the Metropolitan police; which
was read a. first and second.time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
jlXPESDITURES OF DEPARTMENTS,-ETC.
. Mr, ROBINSON. Mr. Speak/afe, I rise to
the s me privileged question! to which I rose
before: «nd I believe the Speaker mnst have-
misunderstood me or he would not have ruled'
against me. I move to reconsider the vote by
which various communications relative to the>
expenditnres of the Departments were yestei^
day referred to the Committee on Retrench-,
ment.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsideo
is a privileged question. But when the gentle-
man, from New York [Mr. Robinson J w^s on
the floor before be distinctly stated that,his
purpose was to move tp discharge the. Com,-)
mittee on Retrenchment and have the commu-
nications referred to some other committee, A
motion to discharge a, committee is, not a priv-
ileged question. J ,
Mr. ROBlNSQISf. Well, afo if I made «
mistake in stating my motion I &fn of, course
glad to take the nrst opportunity to correct it.
My respect for the decisions of the Chair is
such that I, do not know 1^,shall ever appeal
from any of- his decisions; but I certainly wa$
astpnished at the ruling of the Speaker in this
case., It was my fault if I did not make myself
understood. . . >,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman aid not
move to reconsider, but moved to discharge
the committee.
Mr. ROBINSON. "Well, sir, I now move tp
reconsider the vote by which various commu-
nications relative to the expenditures of the
Departments were referred to .the Committer
on Retrenchment I shall occupy but a fqwf
moments in explaining this motion.
The rules of this House provide for the apT
pointment of several committees, whose duty
it shall be to examine and supervise the ex-
penditures of the respective Departments.
Rule 103 provides th£>t—
"It. shall be. the doty of the. said committees to
examine into the state of the a-ccoupte ana expend-
itures respectively Submitted to them, add to Inquire
and report particularly-^-
" Wh«ther.t^e,efpenditure ^f the res#eotiv«,I>#r
P^WbethCTt^el«rima>*{£>£ 'time to time S&tisfled
and discharged' bjr the ree^eetirreDcpartments; are
Buj porUxi by sufficient vouchers establishing thai?
justness Doth as to their character and amount:
" Whether sueh claims have been discharged ont
of lands appropriated therefor, and whether fell
mpneys have been disbursed in conformity with ap-
propriation laws; and
"Whether any, and what, provision^ are neces-
sary to bo adopted to provide more perfectly: for the
proper application of public moneys, and Ifi
secure the Qo versiient from demands unj ust ii\ their
character or extravagant'in their amount.
" And it shall .be, moreover, the doty of the Said
qpmmittees to report, from time to tnne, whether
any, aiid what, retrenchment can beinaae in trie
expenditures of the several Departinenits without
detriment to the public service; whether any, and
what, abuses at any time exis^ in the failure to enfyrae
thp payment of moneys which may be "due to the
• United States frtjm public defaulters or tjttteraf'and
to report, from time- to time, Such, provisionfr ioa
arrangements aa may be necessinry tp add ta' the
economy of the several Departments and the ac-
countability of their officers." • •
Now, with that as standing rale -df .thi|s
House, and with those standing committd^
appointed for the supervision ofthe expEiokei,
of the respective Departments, the folk)vying
resolution was adopted during the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, on the 2d day
of July, 1866:
" Eemloed, 1>U thellcMMiif fcpr« e it««i ««,(thWSen-
ate cpncurring.) Dbat a joint select corftmHtoe m
appointed, to constat of two_ member? of the Bopato
and three members of the House, to be Stwia tire
joint setect Committee on Itftoenehmentv that Said
committee be instructed to inqairo into the expMaai-
tares in all the branches of the civil Mrviea of.tha
United States, and report whether any and what
offices ought to be aboashed, whether any and what
salaries or allowances ought to be reduced, and gen-
erally how and to what extent the expenses of the
civil service of the country may and ought to be«nr-
tailod," £c. ' , , >. .
That committee, intended only fo* theThirty-
Nin.th Congress, was continued by a resolution
introduced in the Fortieth Congress March 0,
1867, in the hurry of the first days of. the ses-
sion. The resolution, for. the.continuance of
the committee originated in the Senate,, and
was thus ttanotrafced in a message from that
body to this House f ' "
"The Senate have adopted a resolution providing
that 'the Joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
raised by a conourrfflit resolution of the tiro Houses
