1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all that describes
Andrew Johnson as Vice President, or Acting
President of the United States, or anything that
refers to him other than as Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. There are no such words.
Tt merely describes the way in which the pres-
ent incumbent succeeded to tiie office.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, to the House, this question was consid-
ered by the committee, and I was not aware
when the report was made there was a member
of that committee who entertained the slight-
est doubt on the subject that Andrew Johnson
is President of the United States. I desire to
say that he must be impeached, if lie be im-
peached at all, either distinctively as President
of the United States or as Vice President of
the United States. I desire to say, further,
that in both capacities he cannot be impeached
at the same time and on the same trial, for the
reason that the court, as was well said by the
chairman of the committee, is differently con-
stituted, by the terms of the Constitution, to
fry the President of the United States. The
Chief Justice of the United States must, by the
terms of the Constitution, preside if the Presi-
dent be tried; the Chief Justice shall not pre-
side if the Vice President be tried.
Again, Andrew Johnson is estopped by rec-
ord in five hundred instances from denying that
he is President of the United States. The Sen-
ate of the United Statesis estopped; the House
of Representatives is estopped. Your Consti-
tution declares that no bill shall be a law until
it be preseuted to the Presidentforhis approval
or disapproval. If he be not President, if the
people have no President, then you can pass
no law. If he be President, then let him be
called President on your record.
Mr. POLAND. On this question whether
the Vice President upon succeeding to the per-
formance of the duties of the President by the
death of the latter actually became President
of the United States, we have had some con-
gressional history to which I call the attention
of the House. In all that has been said upon
the subject I have heard no allusion to the set-
tlement of this question in Congress. The first
instance of the accession of Vice President to
the office of President was that of John Tyler
on the death of President Harrison, in 1841.
Before the first message of Mr. Tyler was sent
in at the special session, as it was called, in
1841, the following proceedings took place in
the House:
"Mr. Wise offered the usual resolution for the
appointment ot a committee on the partot the House
to join such committee as might be appointed by the
Senate to wait on the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of the two Houses had
assembled, and that Congress was ready to proceed
to business.
"Mr. McKeon moved to amend the resolution by
striking out the word 'President' and inserting the
words 4 Vice President now exercising the office of
President.'"
After considerable debate the vote was taken
in the House, and the amendment was rejected.
The yeas and nays do not seem to have been
taken.
When the message was sent to the Senate the
same question was raised there. A similar
amendment was offered to a similar resolution.
There was more debate than in the House, par-
ticipated in by Mr. Huntington, Mr. Allen, Mr.
Tappan, Mr. Walker, and Mr. Calhoun. The
yeas and nays were taken on this amendment
in the Senate, and were as follows:
" Yeas—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Henderson, Linn
McRoberts, Tappan, Williams, and Wright—8.
" Nays—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Buchanan, Calhoun, Choate, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans. Fulton, Graham,
Huntington, Kerr, King, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Moorehead, Nicholson, Picrco, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Rives, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, White,
Woodbridge, Woodbury, and \ oung—38.
So that the question seems to have been
settled by a vote of both Houses at that time,
and during the whole administration, nearly
four years of President Tyler and three years
of President Fillmore, and now almost three
years of President Johnson, this question has
been regarded as settled by the decision of
Congress in 1841.
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment, it was agreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. jEXCKBS,as amended, it was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I offer the following as a
new article:
Art. —. That said Andrew Johnson, President of
tho United States, unmindful of the high duties of
his office and the dignity and proprieties thereof,
and of the harmony and courtesies which ought to
exist and be maintained between tho Executive and
legislative branches of theGovernmentof the United
States, designing and intending to sot aside the
rightful authority and powers of Congress, did at-
tempt to bring into disgrace, ridicule, hatred, con-
tempt, and reproach the Congress of the United
States and the several branches thereof, to impair
and destroy tho regard and respect of all tho good
people of the United States for the Congress and le-
gislative power thereof, (which all officers of the
Government ought inviolably to preserve and main-
tain,) and to excite tho odium and resentment of all
the good people of the United States against Con-
gress and the laws by it duly and constitutionally
enacted; and in pursuance of his said design and in-
tent, openly and publicly, and bcfoie divers assem-
blages of the citizens of the United States convened
in divers parts thereof to meet and receive said An-
drew Johnson as tho Uhiet Magistrate of tho United
States, did, on the 18th day of August, in the year of
our Lord 1806, and on divers other days and times,
fCs well before as afterward, make and deliver with a
loud voice certain intemperate, inflammatory, and
scandulous harangues, and did therein utter loud
threats and bitter menaces as well against Congress
asthelawsot the United States duly enacted, thereby
amid the cries, jeers, and laughter of tho multitudes
then assembled and within hearing, which are set
forth in tho several specifications hereinafter writ-
ten, in substance and effect, that is to say :
Specification First.—In this, that at Washington,
in the district ot Columbia, in the Executive Man-
sion, to a committee of citizens who called upon the
President of theUnitcd States, speaking-of and con-
cerning the Congress of the United States, said An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, here-
tofore, to wit, on tho 18th day of August, in the year
of our Lord 1866, did, in a loud voice, declare in sub-
stance and effect, among other things, that is to say:
"So far as the executive department o'f the Govern-
ment is concerned, the effort has been made to restore
the Union, to heal the breach, to pour oil into the
wounds which were consequent upon tho struggle,
and Uo speak in common phrase) to prepare, as the
learned and wise physician would, a plaster healing
in character and coextensive with the wound. We
thought, and we think, that we had partially suc-
ceeded; but as tho woik progresses, as reconstruction
seemed to be taking place, and the country was be-
coming reunited, we tound a disturbing and marring
element opposing us. In alluding to that element,
I shall go no further than your convention and the
distinguished gentleman who has delivered to me the
report of the proceedings. Ishall makeno reference
to it that I do not believe the time and the occasion
justify.
"Wo have witnessed inonedepartmentof thcGov-
ernmcnt every endeavor to prevent the restoration
of peaec, harmony, and Union. Wo have seen hang-
ing upon the verge of the Government, as it were, a
body called, or which assumes to be, the Congress of
tho United States, while in fact it is a Congiess of
only a part of the States. We have seen this Con-
gress pretend to be for the Union, when its every
step and acttended to perpctuatedisunion and make
a disruption of the States inevitable." * *
* * "Wehavc seen Congress gradually encroach
step by step upon constitutional rights, and violate,
day after day and month after month, fundamental
principles of theGovernment. We have seen a Con-
gress that seemed to forget that there was a limit to
the sphere and scope of legislation. Wo have seen
a Congress in a minority assume to exercise power
which, allowed to be consummated, would result in
despotism or monarchy itself."
Specification Second— In this, that at Cleveland, in
the State of Ohio, heretofore, to wit, on the 3d day
of September, in the year of our Lord 1806, before a
pubhcas&emblage of citizens and others, said Andrew
J ohnson, President of tho United States, speaking of
and concerning the Congress of the United Statesdid,
in a loud voice, declare in substance and effect among
other things, that is to say:
"I will tell you what I did do. I called upon your
Congress that is trying to break up the Government."
is*********
"In conclusion, beside that, Congress had taken
much pains to poison their constituents against him.
But what had Congress done? Have they done any-
thing to restore the union of these States? No; on
the contrary, they had done everything to prevent it;
and because he stood now where he did when the
rebellion commenced, he had been denounced as a
traitor. Who had run greater risks or mado greater
sacrifices than himself? But Congress, factious and
domineering, had undertaken to poison the minds of
the American people."
Specification, Third— In this, that at St. Louis, in
the State of Missouri, heretofore, to wit, on the 8th
day of September, in the year of our Lord 1866, before
a public assemblage of citizens and others, said An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, speak-
ing of and concorning the Congress of the United
States, did, in a loud voice, declare, in substance and
effect, among other things, that is to say:
"Go on. Perhaps if you h,ad a word or two on the
subject of New Orleans you might understand more
about it than you do. And if you will go back—if
you will go back and ascertain the cause of the riot
at New Orleans, perhaps you will not be so prompt
in calling out'New Orleans.' If you will take up
the riot at New Orleans and trace it back to its source
or its immediate cause, you will find out who was re-
sponsibleforthebloodthat wasshed there. If you will
take up theriot at New Orleansand trace it back to the
Radical Congress you will find that the riot at New
Orleans was substantially planned. If you will take
up the proceedings in their caucuses you will under-
stand that they there knew that a convention was to
be called which was extinct by its power having ex-
pired; that it was said that the intention was that a
new government was to be organized, and on the or-
ganization of that government the intention was to
enfranchise one portion of the population, called the
colored population, who had just been emancipated,
and at the same time disfranchise white men. When
you design to talk about New Orleans you ought to
understand what you are talking about. When you
read the speeches that were made, and take up the
facts on the Friday and Saturday before that con-
vention sat, you will there find that speeches were
made incendiary in their character, exciting that
portion of the population, the black population, to
arm themselves and prepare for the sheddingof blood.
You will also find that that convention did assemble
in violation of law, and the intention of that conven-
tion was to supersede tho reorganized authorities in
the State government of Louisiana, which had been
recognized by the Government of the United States;
and every man engaged in that rebellion in that con-
vention, with the intention of superseding and up-
turning the civil government which had been recog-
nized by the Government of the United States, I say
that he was a traitor to the Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States, and hence you find that another rebellion
was commenced having its origin in the Radical
Congress." * * ******
"So much for the New Orleans riot. And there
was tho cause and tho origin of the blood that was
shed; and every drop ot blood that was shed is upon
their skirts, and they are responsible for it. I could
test this thing a little closer, but will not do it here
to-night. But when you talk about the causes and
consequences that resulted from proceedings of that
kind, perhaps, as I have been introduced here, and
you have provoked questions of this kind, though it
does not provoke me, I will tell you a few wholesome
things that have been done by this Radical Congress
in connection with New Orleans and the extension
of the elective franchise.
"I know that I havo been traduced and abused. I
know it has come in advance of me here, as elsewhere,
that I have attempted to exerciso an arbitrary
power in resisting laws that were intended to be
forced upon theGovernment; that I had exercised
that power: that I had abandoned the party that
elected rae, and that I was a traitor, because X exor-
cised the veto power in attempting and did arrest for
a time a bill that was called a 'Freodman's Bureau'
bill; yes, that I was a traitor. And I have been tra-
duced, I have been slandered, I have been maligned,
I liavobeen called Judas Iscariot, and allthat. Now,
my countrymen here to-night, it is very easy to in-
dulge in epithets; it is easy to call a man Judas, and
cry out traitor; but when he is called upon to give
arguments and facts he is very often found wanting.
Judas Iscariot—Judas. There was a Judas and he
was one of the twelve apostles. Oh I yes, the twelve
apostles had a Christ. The twelve aposfes had a
Christ, and he never could have had a Judas unless
ho had had twelve apostles. If I have played the
Judas, who has been my Christ that 1 have played tho
Judas with? Was it Thad. Stevens? Was it Wen-
dell Phillips? Was it Charles Sumner ? These are
the men that stop and compare themselves with the
Saviour; and everybody that differs with them in
opinion, and to try to stay and arrest the diabolical
and nefarious policy, is to be denounced as a Judas."
"Well, let me say to you, if you will stand by mo
in this action; if you will stand by me in trying to
give the people a fair chance, soldiers and citizens,
to participate in these offices, God being willing, 1
will kick them out. I will kick them out just as fa&t
as I can.
"Let me say to you, in concluding, that what I
have said I intended to say. 1 was not provoked into
this, and I care not for their menace?, the taunts,
and the jeers. I care not for threats. I do not intend
to be bullied by my enemies nor overawed by my
friends. But, God willing, with your help 1 will veto
their measures whenever any of them come to me."
Which said utterances, declarations, threats, and
harangues, highly censurable in any, and peculiarly
indecent and unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate of
the United States, by means whereof said Andrew
Johnson has brought the high oflice of the Preside.it
of the United States into contempt, ridicule, and
disgrace, to tho great scandal ot all good citizeus,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, did commit, and was then and there guilty
of, a high misdemeanor in office.
During the reading of the amendment,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said: I
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.er] to allow the reading of his amend-
ment to be suspended, or it will be the only
amendment we can get in*.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
suspending the reading?
Mr. KERR, Mr. RANDALL, and others
objected.
