1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
though my colleague confines that metal to the
South. It is needless, therefore, to speak of
other ores, or remind him that Behring and
Cook saw copper and iron in Alaska, finding
them in common use as knives and arrow-
heads ; or that his favorite voyager, La Perouse,
reported copper and coal; and that Meares saw
malleable lumps of copper sometimes weigh-
ing a pound. It is as useless, too, to remind
him that gold is traced all the way on either
side along the ranges of the Rocky mountains,
as that Captain Cook, in noticing the mildness
of the climates, says ''cattle might exist in
Oonalaska ail the year round without housing."
And this reminds me of my friend's partiality
for poetry. Campbell never knew how cruel
a thing he did for Wisconsin when, taking a
poet's muse, he wrote:
" The wolfs long howl from Oonalaska's shores."
Unfortunately for my colleague (Campbell's
fame is too safe to suffer) there are no wolves
at Oonalaska. Captain Cook, Meares, and Cox
state this most positively.
Some little idea of the value of the fur trade
may be gleaned from the fact that as early as
1828 to 1838 the Hudson's Bay Company ex-
ported $1,000,000 worth a year, ana the an-
nual imports thence to England alone, from
1801 to 1865j averaged a half million skins,
not to speak of the fur trade across Behring
strait to Russia and China. It is strange that
the falling olf in the fur trade which my col-
league notices is confined to Alaska, about
which we know so little and he so much. As
to the inhabitants, there are but seventy-five
thousand all told, and were they the barbarians-
he represents, the number is too insignificant
to prove a solid objection to the treaty.
A final word in regard to the alleged inhos-
pitable coast. The Atlantic coast might have
furnished my colleague ample statistics of
storms. Labrador could have supplied him
with mist, and Newfoundland with fog; but
comparisons are odious—1 commend him to
the voyage of the Ossipee last October. When
she took our flag to Sitka the air and climate
were delicious as our own in the same month,
and all the way from Victoria to Sitka, over
eight hundred miles, except a very few resorts
to the ocean, she sailed on the placid straits
which, running miles inward parallel with the
sea at the base of mountains whose sides were
skirted with green pines, continue at slight in-
tervals for eleven hundred miles. Their depths
are like unto the sea, of which they are in fact
a part, and the vista is represented both then
and in November, on the return trip, as charm-
ing. It is not a marvel that our southwestern
coast asked for this purchase, nor that Cali-
fornia should send even to Kodiak, seven hun-
dred miles above Sitka, for her ice.
With the fisheries which this acquisition will
call into being and protect, a hardy trained race
of seamen will fit themselves to sail the ships
which soon must dot the Pacific between us
and Asia, exchanging the wonders of either
shore, and be ready to man our vessels of war
should the emergency arise. That trade is now
beyond a question. American civilization has
done what olden Europe failed to accomplish.
It has unlocked the seclusion of China, as it is
gradually doing with Japan, until its popula-
tion leaps the barrier of centuries to come to
our nearest border, and even to-day China
chooses America to lead her to the outer world.
As the Occident thus clasps the Orient and
helps it shake off the custom of ages, the world
will become more luminous by the contact,
even as space is forgotten in the telegraphic
sympathy which thulls the old and new in the
same moment. These bonds must be cemented.
Alaska must be ours, and remembering that
we hold our heritage in trust for posterity let
no man disdain to picture the day, distant
though it may be, when over the continent of
North America, from ocean to ocean, from the
Arctic to the Antilles, the canopy of freedom
shall cover one people, one couutry, and one
destiny.
Mr. FERRISS. Before proceeding with
what I intend to say upon this subject, 1 desire
to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to a statement
which he has made, and ask him if he is posi-
tive that the Russian fleet appeared in the har-
bor of San Francisco or New York before
Vicksburg was taken and before the battle of
Gettysburg was fought? I will ask the gentle-
man if he is positive of that fact?
Mr. BANKS. I do not speak positively
about it.
Mr. FERRISS. By referring to the Associ-
ated Press report, as printed in the Chronicle
this morning, the gentleman is reported as
saying:
" And I am in a great mind to say, in addition, that
when the Iiassian Government was, by its fleet, in
the harbor of San Francisco, and was, by its fleet, in
the harborof New York, even then it was never
intended that General Grant should go successfully
through the campaign at Vicksburg, and the officers
associated with him in the defense of the couutry
were denied promotion, and were visited with cen-
sure because they would not take from him the com-
mand ot ttie army at Vicksburg."
Now, I am credibly informed that at that
time no Russian fleet had appeared in our har-
bors, and that it was some months after the
fall of Vicksburg before any Russian fleet ap-
peared in American waters.
Mr. BANKS. I have not read the report
of my remarks to which the gentleman refers,
and cannot state whether it is accurate or not.
But it was not my intention to couple the two
incidents together in any way, and I do not
think the remarks I really did make will bear
out any such assumption. I am not able to say
at what precise moment the Russian fleet ap-
peared in the harbor of San Francisco or the
harbor of New York. But I know very well
the truth of the other statement I made. The
only reference 1 intended to make to the appear-
ance of the Russian fleet in our waters was that
they appeared in our harbors in 180!?, at a time
when the Governments of France and England
were contemplating a recognition of the inde-
pendence of the southern confederacy.
Mr. FERRIS. The statement was distinctly
made, as I understood, that it was not intended
that Grant should capture Vicksburg when that
fleet appeared in the American waters.
Mr. BANKS. I did not mean to be under-
stood as coupling the two events together as
having any dependence or connection ; and I
do not think my reported remarks will bear any
such interpretation.
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Chairman, at four
o'clock on the morning of March 80, 18tj7,
a treaty was signed in this city by Mr. Sew-
ard, Secretary of State, on the part of the
United States, and Mr. Stoeckl, the Russian
minister, on the part of Russia, by which, for
a money consideration to be paid by the United
States, all that part of the Russian possessions
on the American continent and the islands
adjacent thereto, were to be transferred to and
become a part of the territory of the United
States. It matters not that history does not
yet inform us whether this so-called treaty was
the culminating act of a social evening ex-
tended far into the night, it was a fitting hour,
the darkest of the night, for such a deed. And
now, the Senate having given its consent by
the majority required to consummate a treaty,
we are instructed that the instrument thus
executed is the supreme law of the land, that
possession of the territory has been formally
transferred to us, and we are directed to appro-
priate the modest little sum of $7,200,000 in
gold to pay the stipulated purchase price.
Sir, 1 have perused with care and much
interest the array of facts and lengthy argu-
ment presented to the Senate by the learned
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
when the treaty was before that body for its
consideration and action, and without regard-
ing what might have been urged against it, I
confess to very great suprise that two thirds !
of that learned body could be found to give .
their consent to the purchase, and as the ques- |
tion then presented was one of expediency or I
policy only, the probability that this House I
will refuse the aid necessary to carry the treaty
into effect and give it in reality the force of a
law is very much diminished by two consider-
ations, which .did not apply to the Senate.
The one is the impression that prevails with
some of the members of this House that the
Executive has not exceeded the powers dele-
gated to him by the Constitution ; that the con-
tract for the purchase of Alaska has been duly
ratified and is now clothed in all the habili-
ments of a legal and authorized treaty, and
lias become, by the very letter of the Constitu-
tion, a part of the supreme law of the land;
and the other is formal possession of the ter-
ritory has been taken by United States officers,
commissioned and authorized by the President
for that purpose, and it would be acting in bad
faith toward a friendly nation to repudiate the
purchase at this late day.
Sir, I utterly repudiate the idea that we have
no discretion in acting upon this subject; that
we are mere automatons impelled in but one
direction by the wires of diplomacy. This
Househas never surrendered the right expressly
given to it by the Constitution, and to it alone,
to originate bills for the raising of revenue and
the right to grantor refuse appropriations, and
it has never assented to or acknowledged the
right of any other branch of or power in the
Government alone and without the concurrence
of this House to make a binding contract or
agreement for the payment of millions of the
people's money. While on former occasions,
after asserting the right to grant or refuse the
aid necessary to carry into effect the money
articles of certain treaties which met their
approval, the people's representatives have
granted sueh aid, it is to be hoped that in the
case before us we shall not only assert that right
but in sueh an explicit and emphatic man-
ner refuse the required appropriation, that in
the future all treaties providing for the pay-
ment of money will be made contingent upon
an appropriation to be made by Congress. If
there is a conflict of opinion or right between
the Executive and this House let it be settled
now. There cannot possibly be a more fitting
occasion. The people of this country do not
want these Russian possessions. If submitted
to them they would reject the treaty by a majority
of millions. Alaska, with the Aleutian islands,
is an inhospitable, wretched, and God-forsaken
region, worth nothing, but a positive injury and
incumbrance as a colony of the United States.
Since the attention of the House has been
called to the treaty it has several times been
the subject of remarks in Committee of the
Whole.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
asserted the right of the House to grant or
refuse the aid necessary to carry the treaty
into effect, and maintained that position by a
very able argument, but at the same time ex-
pressed himself ill favor of the treaty.
On the 22d of March last the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] discussed with
marked ability, and at great length, the treaty-
making power, and produced an array of
authorities which alone ought to be decisive
of the right of this House to deal with this
treaty. The true construction of this power
in its extent and limitation is of so much
importance, that I shall venture to occupy a
portion of my hour in its consideration with a
view of giving to it such a construction as shall
be reasonable, and at the same time reconcil-
able with all other provisions of the Constitu-
tion.
A portion of the second paragraph of sec-
tion two, article two, of the Constitution which
relates to the powers of the President is as
follows:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur."
Here we have the grant and the entire grant
of this power. It is deeply to be regretted that
its necessary limits were not expressly defined.
They are not; and strangely enough the debates
upon the adoption of the Constitution throw
no light upon the subject. It is very easy to
perceive how* an Executive, anxious to wield
an unlimited authority, could claim with some
