1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iir
40TH CONG....2D SESS.
Reconstruction—Mr. Morrill.
trine.that the State government had gone out,
of existence and that the constitution had
. Ceased as a law -would have required the Pres-
ident to call for a convention to make a State
.government; but that when the President pro-
Eosed an amendment to the State constitution
e recognized that instrument as an existing
•thing. Therefore I think that my quotation for
the purpose of establishing that proposition was
full, ample, and complete, and that the residue
of the sentence does not. interfere with the
.logic of the position I assumed.
Mr. MOBliILL, of Maine. My point was
to show the Senator that the President of the
United States did not recognize the existing
State governments.
_ M*'  HENDRICKS. That is your proposi-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that the
quotation of the Senator, ending where it did,
seemed to prove that he did; and ending where
it really ends, repels that inference. I think
whoever reads the speech and sees the com-
ments which the Senator makes upon it will
find that he is impaled exactly on that last
clause, which he-did not quote. Of course 1
attribute nothing except what is honorable to
him. I relieve him of all embarrassment of
intention on this subject; but in the way he
quotes it, he will allow me to say, it bears a
false light to the Senate and the country; it is
tampering with the witness in open court; it
makes him say what he did not intend to say.
That is the way it stands, and I leave the Seu-
ator to his explanation.
If it were necessary to press that argument
any further I could find the reply to it in
another part of what the Senator has under-
taken to prove by the policy of Mr. Lincoln.
Of course he is supposed to know all about
President Johnson's position on this subject,
whether he believed the States came through
the civil war or not. Since he has become in
some sense, some very important sense, his
champion and defender on this floor, he is
supposed to be conversant with his opinions
and sentiments on this subject. He says, in
"the first place," that the President of the
United States " recognizes the old State gov-
ernment of North Carolina as existing." Let
us see what he does recognize., This, mind
you, sir, is a proclamation addressed to the
people of North Carolina with the view of ree-
.ognizing their State government. What does
he say of its condition? Of course he must
Jiave had in his mind .when he issued his proc-
lamation the condition of the State—whether
it was a State government to be recognized or
whether it was a State government to be reor-
ganized and reestablished. Among the " where-
ases" setting out tlie general condition of
affairs, among other things attributable to the
war, he says:
"And whereas the rebellion, which has been waged
hy a portion of th e people of the United States against
the properly constituted authorities of the Govern -
ment thereof in the most violent and revolting form,
hut whoso organized and armed ioreos have now been
almost entirely overcome, has in its revolutionary
progress
The Senator did not notice that word " rev-
olutionary," I greatly fear. "In its revolu-
tionary progress" it had done what? Revolu-
tionized, of course, subverted, overthrown.
"In its revolutionary progress" what has it
done? " Brought the old State governments
through the war," says the Senator; but the
President says it has "deprived the people of
the State of North Carolina of all civil gov-
ernment." Did he use that language unwit-
tingly? The Senator says it is a preamble.
Well, the preamble is a recital of facts. That
is the object of a preamble. It is put in to
give solemnity to the event, to bring the sub-
ject matter distinctly before the body that is
to act upon it. The President says that in the
revolutionary progress of events the rebellion
has destroyed all civil government in North
Carolina, every vestige ef it; there is nothing
left., Did he make a mistake about that ? Let
us see. I find in the -report of the Committee
on Reconstruction language used by Mr. John-
son, in speaking of the effects of the rebel-'
lion,.to Mr. Stearns:
"The Stato institutions are prostrated, laid on the
ground"—
" Come throught" What must be done
with them ?
" And they must bo taken up"—
And what then ?
"And adapted to the progress of events."
What does that mean? To restore the old
State governments? No, sir; but they must
be reorganized and reestablished and recon-
structed and put in harmony with the revolu-
tionary progress of events. That is what he
said. I should like to hear the Senator explain
the meaning of those words.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whatdo youreadfrom?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am reading
from the report of the Reconstruction Commit-
tee. They found that to have been a fact and
reported it to the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I am done with the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana. My only object
was to satisfy him that his adhesion to the pol-
icy of the President of the United States was
upon a mistaken state of facts altogether, a
misconccption of his principles, and that he is
at perfect liberty to abandon his policy; and I
submit to him whether he is not in di^ty bound
to abandon his policy, now that he sees that it
is absolutely inconsistent and incompatible with
the principles which he avows and maintains ;
that the surrender of Lee was the restoration
of the Union; that these States were entitled
by that surrender to be recognized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States with all their
rights, privileges, and dignity unimpaired.
A single reflection and I shall relieve the
patience of the Senate. Senators on that side
of the Chamber all close with a solemn pre-
diction that reconstruction by Congress would
prove a failure. If it fails it is to fail for
what? Because it is not in harmony with the
principles of oar institutions ? Because it is
repugnant to the principles of American lib-
erty? Because it is not consonant with the
principles of justice? Because it is likely to
be oppressive to any class of the community?
Is it obnoxious to any of these suggestions?
Does any .Senator rise here and say that this
is an absolute injustice to any class of men?
It is said, sir, that it .outlaws certain rebels.
No, sir; to assert that is to talk inaccurately;
it outlaws nobody. It enfranchises everybody
except the guiltiest of the guilty. Their war
on the Union disfranchised the people of these
States. Their war on the Government of the
country they were bound to honor, to love, and
maintain "outlawed" them. They lost all
their rights by rebellion and civil war. We
have magnanimously enfranchised all but the
few leaders steeped in guilt. We enact no
bills of pains and penalties, decree no forfeit-
ures. We restore them to all their rights of
person and property. We give them their
rights as American citizens to the fullest extent.
We are willing to forgive the masses of the
people; but as to those men who committed
•the unpardonable political sm of having sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States
and then conspired against it, made causeless
war upon it, they may not again be intrusted
with power. Other nations in other times
would have hung, drawn, and quartered these
men or driven them from the country. Davis
is abroad, feted, feasted in northern cities.
A great and magnanimous people can endure
these things, but cannot aj,ree to confide-0111003
of trust and power to men who have once be-
trayed it, unless it would consent to have seces-
sion, insurrection, and civil war reenaeted.
These men regret, nothing but their defeat.
One significant fact stands confessed, that
the Johnson States are neither in form or in
effect republican States; that those States dis-
qualify and hold in a state of total civil and
political disability an entire class of citizens
of the United States. In some of the States
a majority of the citizens of, the Sfate within
their limits, men declared to be citizens by the
Constitution of the United "States, are utterly
•disfranchised and denied all civil rights. I®
that a republican State according to the formula
of American States ? Is that a republican State
in essence and in effect according to the Amer-
ican principle? I deny it.
I have to say to my honorable friend from
Maryland that I have very strong reasons to
suspect that the State which he represents will be
found to fall in the category of anti-republican
States. Of course I venture no opinion on
that subject, not now before the Senate; but
I am so thoroughly impressed with its anti-re-
publican character that I take this occasion to
say that it is not easy for me to understand
how that State can lay claim to be republican
either in form or in fact. She enfranchised
all her citizens in 186-5,1 think, when her con-
stitution was changed to conform to the Consti-
tution of the United States. Last year it was
made to disfranchise all those people who had
been theretofore enfranchised. She has, by
her constitution,1 reduced to practical vassalage
and excluded from th.e privileges of citizenship
one-fifth of her entire population, and all citi-
zens of the United States. I repeat, sir, is that
a republican State which disfranchises so large
-a portion of her citizen population?
And that is not the worst of it; as is sug-
gested by my honorable friend from Califor-
nia, [Mr. CoxNiiss,] it is hardly to b.e .denied
they have done that in order to give the dis-
loyal clement in that State the absolute suprem-
acy. It bears rule there to-day. That element
which would have overthrown this Government
with pleasure and delight during the war is in
power in Maryland to-day. Her militia offi-
cered to some extent by those who served in
the rebel army during the rebellion. She sends
to her Legislature those who are in sympathy
with, and who served in the rebel ranks and
with the rebel forces. Nay, sir, she would
send to this Hall men who deserted their trusts
rather than support the Government of the
United States, if she could. Thereisnomoro
conclusive evidence to my mind of her abso-
lute disloyalty in fact and in purpose than the
fact that the honorable Senator from Maryland,
who patriotically stood by the country during
the war, standing for the Government always,
receives but a single vote in the Legislature,
while those who would not serve the Govern-
ment, those who sympathized with the rebel-
lion, are asking admission to this Chamber,
under her authority and as her choice.
Nay, sir ; from what I see announced in the
public journals, and not denied, she has given
lull evidence of the anti-republican and anti-
American spirit that animates her. In all the
bills of rights that preceded the constitutions of
the several American States inaugurated during
j the Revolutionary era, you will find the great
American doctrine which was most conspicu-
ous in the Declaration of Independence, which
underlies the Constitution, set forth as the
prominent and fundamental doctrine on which
American communities and American institu-
! tions were to rest, that ' • all men are created
! equal." That was the doctrine of the Deela-
j ration of Independence and was copied into the
j bills of rights of all the States. It was in the
i bill of rights of Maryland. Where is it now?
! Expunged from the declaration of rights; and
| in what spirit? The spirit of disloyalty to the
i sentiments of the Declaration of Independence
1 and the American Constitution: the spirit that
. is aim-American ; the spirit that is anti-repub-
| lican—sueli a spirit cannot fail to brand her as
| an anti-republican State and an auti-American
| State not worthy t>f the companionship and
I sisterhood of American States.
