1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2641
these treaties. It was seen that the Indians
upon the border were depredating upon the
property of the laboring people of the country;
and when the Government took possession of
California as American territory, finding that
these treaties with the Indians had been a
sham and a fraud upon the people, resolved
to have none of them with the Indians there.
It took away from the Indians their hunting
grounds that the white people might settle
there in peace and till the soil. The Indians
were driven upon reservations, not for their
own good particularly—although it was hoped
that they might be benefited—but mainly for
the good of the settlers.
Now, fifty-five or sixty thousand dollars is
necessary t,o be appropriated to keep those
Indians upon the four reservations in the State
of California; otherwise they will be turned
loose upon the community, and do precisely
what they always do when the Government
fails to provide for them. They will roam
over the country, depredating upon property,
and murdering women and children.
I know gentlemen are in the habit of speak-
ing with contempt about the Digger Indians
of California ; but, sir, of the sixty thousand
Indians in that State there are not two thou-
sand Digger Indians. There are nine tribes
at the head of the Sacramento river not located
upon any reservation ; and they are committing
depredations every day upon the property of
our people. Ever since I have been in Con-
gress I have been trying to get some legislative
action which would provide reservations lor
these nine tribes, all of whom are warlike
people.
Mr. Chairman, shall the Indians now upon
reservations, alter we have expended so much
money to make them self-sustaining, be turned
loose that they may prey upon the property of j
our people and murder our women and chil- |
dren? I ask gentlemen whether they will j
inflict this great wrong upon the people of Cal- j
iforrna. It the Government of the United
States had not assumed the charge of these
Indians, the people of Galifornnf would long
since, on their own motion, have taken care
of this business. But as the Government has
taken the matter in haiul, and as these reser-
vations have so nearly reached the point when
they will be sell-sustaining, is it not, bad policy
to refuse this appropriation, and allow those
reservations to be broken up, subjecting the
Government to an annual expense of millions
of dollars for the subjugation of these Indians
until they shall all be killed off? Humanity
rebels against such a thing. I appeal to the
gentleman to give us this appropriation or else
make no appropriation at all, for I tell jou
in all frankness that your appropriation of
$Li(),0U0 is an insult to the people of the State
of California, an insult to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, an insult to the superintendent
of Indian affairs in Cahlornia, all of whom ask
for $128,000. It is foolish, it is nonsense, to
appropriate S30.000. If we do not get any
more than that there is no use in getting any-
thing.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman from
California, if we appropriate this money, what
assurance we will have that the Indians will
ever get any of it?
Mr. JOliNSON. I can give the gentleman
no assurance except that contained in the force
of the law under which the appropriation is
asked. If our olficialsin the State of California,
none of whom I helped to get into place, are
honest men, it will go to the proper persons. !
The committee divided; and there were— i
ayes 2'2, noes 3o ; no quorum voting. j
"The Chairman ordered tellers; and appointed j
Mr. Jonxsox and Mr. Wasiiecrxe, of Illinois, j
The committee again divided ; and the tellers ,
reported—ayes 36, noes GO. _
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to strikeout "$30,000"
and insert " §50,000."
The gentleman from Xew York [Mr. Ward]
asked my colleague, a few moments ago, what
assurance he had that the Indians would ever
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 166.
get any of this appropriation, and I wish he
would listen to what 1 have to say. There is
not an appropriation made by this Govern-
ment where any fraud upon it is more easily
detected than the appropriation for the keeping
of Indians upon a reservation. I make the
distinction between the Indians placed there,
because they are under perfect and absolute
surveillance of the Government. They are
located in certain places and the appropriation
has to go through certain channels. There is
no difficulty in making an investigation and
finding out whether there is any fraud.
I will say to the gentleman lrom New York
that I know several of the agents upon these
reservations, and I know them to be good, up-
right men. If these funds are appropriated
there will be no difficulty in making the invest-
igation as to how they have been expended
and ascertaining whether frauds have been
committed or not. I hope that the House will
allow us a little something more than the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have reported. I
know one thing, that if thisis notdone we will
have deficiencies for the next session of Con-
gress. If that be so, I tell the Committee on
Appropriations that they can neither have my
vote now nor hereafter. I know if the ratio
upon which thej' are disposed to deal with this
matter is such as we have here indicated in this
bill, then we are going to have a deficiency bill.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. Is it not for the purpose
of '' bridging over " the coming election that
this is done? [Laughter.]
Mr. HIGBY. I am not on the gentleman's
side, aud this is a little talk we are having
among ourselves.
Mr. N1BLACK. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman that the difficulty about this appropri-
ation is that it is for Indians. They are not
dark enough. If their complexions were a
little duiker the gentleman could get all the
money he wanted for them. [Laughter.] But
they are too light in color.
Mr. HIGBY. I will not yield further.
That is not a part of my argument. It be-
longs to the convention which i^ to meet in
New York in a few davs, and will, perhaps,
be a " motley crew." [Laughter.] I do not
wish to weary the patience ot the House. That
is not my object. I Slope we shall be able to
get more than the committee allow us. for if
the appropriation is to be limited to that in tins
bill then nothing at all might as well be voted.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 31. noes 28 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. 1I1GBY. Let us have the vote in the
House.
Mr. BUTLEK. I cannot agree to that.
Tellers were ordered; aud Mr. Elduidue and
Mr. Puriiam were appointed.
The committee again divided ; aud the tellers
reported—ayes 30, noes GO.
So the amendment was iejected.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to make it "S45,-
000," instead of "§30,000."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 3o, noes 33 ; no quorum "voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Nii:i,aok and
Mr. Ferry were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes G3.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HIGBY. I move another amendment.
1 do not wish to weary the patience of the
House, if the member from Massachusetts
will allow a vote in the House on an amend-
ment to strike out $30,000 and insert $40,000.
Mr. BUTLEK. I will agree to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
be considered as adopted, to be voted upon in
the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
For pay of one physician, ono blacksmith, one
assistant blacksmith, onefamer.onocarpentcr, upon
each ot the tour reservations oi California, at the
rate of fifty dollars per mouth, $12,000.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " carpenter1: "^one school
teacher," and also by sinking out $12,000 and
inserting $15,600. This is allowing $900 each
to the teachers. I ask the Clerk to read a por-
tion of a letter received from the ngent of one
or these reservations.
ihe Clerk read as follows :
I have endeavored since my connection with the
department to pursue that course which would be to
tlie intercut of the Government and for the benefit
and amelioration of the condition of the Indians
under my charge. I look upon them as a helpless,
dependent portion of humanity, entitled to oursyui-
patlnes, and think that the efforts of those placed '
in charge over them should-be directed to their
improvement and education. That much can be
done for them in that direction I am fully per-
suaded, and the more I become acquainted with the
condition and the peculiarities ot the Indians the
more I am convinced it is for the interest of the Gov-
ernment, the citizens of our State, and the Indians
that a portion of the means appropriated by the Gov-
ernment should be applied for their moral and intel-
lectual improvement «ind elevation. Mrs. Malt by has
continued her school, and with more success than
anticipated. She has on an average twenty-five
scholars, all Indian girls, very regular in theii attend-
ance, attentive, and interested, and in their appear-
ance and deportment much improved. An appro-
priation for the pay of tcachers on this reservation
should be made for a male and female teacher—say
!> 1,801), and for other reservations in the State the
same, and a school tor the boys and girls established.
Seventy-five dollars per month would be a fair com-
petition, and the services of a, competent person
tor that amount could be t btained. I would like to
have the school continued and that provision be
made for the pay of the teacher."
Mr. HIGBY. This letter is from Mr. Maltby,
a gentleman of whom 1 have spoken, who was
formerly superintendent, and whom the im-
mortal Lincoln recommended so highly, being
an old acquaintance. Every word he says here
is true. Now, sir, there is already a school
there, the wife of Mr. Maltby is teaching it,
and without any compensation. If this Govern-
ment never pays her I do not know but she may
continue to do as she is doing now. I know,
sir, not only from my own observation and ex-
amination, bat from ample testimony, that this
Government can do no better, asamerematter
of economy, than to educate the children upon
all these reservations. When I was there in
18(5."> they were under no restriction whatever
and were receiving no instruction ; but the
universal testimony was that they were suscep-
tible of improvement; and I received the same
testimony in regard to Oregon from gentlemen
who lnid the custody of children and were
instructing them.
Now, here is the testimony of Mr. Maltby
upou this subject. 1 think this amount of
money can be expended in no better way than
in the education uf children on these reserva-
tions. He says there ought to be two teachers.
1 have asked for an appropriation for oue on
each reservation. There are from seventy-five
to one hundred children on each of them. I
have ask<nl for $000 as the pay of each teacher.
It is the least amount for which good instruc-
tion can he obtained. So this gentleman says,
and 1 know that to be the common price paid
to teachers. I hope the committee will make
this allowance. It is something that ought to
have been done earlier, and 1 think the sooner
we iniuaie ilns policy the better.
[Here Uie hammer fell.]
Tluj amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navajo Indians in New Mexico":
Fur tubsi-tence for the Navajo Indians, and for
the purch\se of fheep, seeds agricultural imple-
ments, aud other ariiele* neco^sury for breaking the
ground on the re.-ervation upon the Pecos river,
5100,111)0.
Mr. BROOKS. This is rather a large ap-
propriation for the Navajo Indians—ki $100,000
lor the purchase of sheep, seeds, implements,
and other articles necessary for breaking the
ground/' I would like to have some explan-
ation of this, and for lhat purpose I move to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BUTLEU. The House have already
passed an appropriation of £100,000 for the Na-
vajo Indians. That appropriation has passed
the Senate and come back to this House, and
the appropriation of $100,000 in this bill is to
take the place of an appropriation already
