234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December* IT,
ent. It is a joint resolution in regard to the
printing of the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of joint resolution of the House No. 119, to
authorize the Postmaster General to print five
hundred copies of his report and accompanying ; i
documents, returned from the Senate with j1
amendments. ;
The amendments of the Senate were read, i
as follows: | j
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert j
in lieu thereof the following: !
That hereafter it shall be the duty of the Con-
gressional Printer to cause to bo printed and bound i j
three thousand copies of the report of the Post- j
master General, instead of two thousand five hun- !
dred copies, aa provided by the act approved July |1
27, 1S66; and that so much of that act as conflicts :j
with the abovo provision be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and this resolution shall apply to the
report for the present year. ...
Amend the title so as to read Joint resolution in
relation to the printing of the report of the Post-
master General."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House will
probably remember that several days ago the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
reported a joint resolution to authorize the
Postmaster General to cause to be printed
five hundred extra copies of his report. That
i'oint resolution was passed by the House. The
louse may also remember that a communica-
tion was read by the Clerk from the Postmaster
General, who states that the number to which
he is now limited—two thousand five hundred—
is not sufficient to supply the officers and post-
masters to whom he is required to send his
report.
That is all there is of this matter. The Post-
master General asks that five hundred more
copies may be printed than the law now
authorizes to be printed. The Senate has
amended the resolution passed by the House,
not by changing the numbers, but byproviding
that the Congressional Printer shall print three
thousand copies instead of providing that the
Postmaster General shall cause them to be
printed. I do not see anything wrong about it,
and I will ask the House to concur in the"
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. B UTLER. Does the resolution provide
for the printing of the reports of all tne De-
partments ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does not.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask that the resolution be
again reported.
The amendment of the Senate was again
read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state that I
am not certain how many copies of the reports
of the other Departments are printed. My
impression is that three thousand copies of the
reports of the heads of the other Departments
are printed for their use.
If there is no objection on the part of the
House I will move that the House concur in
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will inquire of the gen-
tleman whether, when this joint resolution
passed the House the other day, there was not
incorporated in it a provision that the expense
of the publication of these reports should be
paid by the Post Office Department?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There was such a
provision.
Mr. LAFLIN. I would ask -the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads whether it is not eminently fit and
proper that all the Departments should pay for
their reports out of their own contingent funds,
and not have all this expense charged as con-
gressional printing?
I wish to state here—and at some future
time I will state more at length—that during
the past year the congressional printing, so
called, amounted to a little over one million
six hundred thousand dollars. Of that amount
of printing more than one half was ordered by
and for the Departments. But Congress is held
responsible for printing over one million, six
hundred thousand dollars' worth of documents; |
while in fact we print less than eight hundred i
thousand dollars' worth. Now it does seem to
me that it is due to us as members of this
House not to assume any more credit for
lavish expenditure than properly belongs to
us. I would therefore suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads [Mr. Farnsworth] to amend this joint
resolution so that the expense of this printing
shall be borne by the Post Office Department.
I do not think that the number of extra
copies of the report of the Postmaster General
required by this joint resolution is an extrava-
gant number at all. The expense of printing
them will surely not be very great, inasmuch
as we have already paid for the composition,
there being nothing to be paid for but press- I
work and paper. I really think we should j
commence at once ; and whenever the priat- i
ing of any report is ordered by the House a
provision should be incorporated in the order }
which shall place the burden of payment for
the printing of these reports, upon the different
Departments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Laflin] will remember that
the Congressional Printer now prints two thou-
sand five hundred copies of these reports.
This joint resolution merely provides that the
Congressional Printer shall print five hundred
copies more.
1 concur generally in the remarks of the gen-
tleman. But as the law now stands the Con-
gressional Printer prints for the Departments,
and it seems to me proper, if the number is
not too great, that we should allow the Con-
gressional Printer to print additional copies.
As I understand it, that is the only differ-
ence between the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Laflin] and myself. With regard to the
amount of printing for Congress, and the great
expense to which the gentleman alludes, I
agree with him that we ought to retrench ex-
penditures in that direction. But my friend
will remember that a very large amount of
this printing which he says is done for the
Departments is done upon the order of Con-
gress for distribution by members. We order
this very large number of the reports of the
Departments to be printed for distribution by
ourselves, and that is what makes up the great
amount. i>
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment at this point?
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAFLIN. The gentleman labors under
a misapprehension when he states that this
large amount of printing to which I referred
was the printing of those reports and docu-
ments for the use of the two Houses of Con-
gress. This printing is being done for the use of
the Departments themselves. For instance, I
would refer to the report of the Committee on
Printingjustmadeandactedupon. The Comp-
troller of the Currency sends in a request to
the Speaker of the House, which is referred to
our committee, asking for the printing of five
thousand extra copies of his report for the use
of that bureau. That gives us no control over
these reports at all. All this printing to which I
have referred is strictly and solely for the use
of the Departments.
Not one single report, not one single book,
that is ordered by or for these Departments
comes into the possession of the members of
the House. Now, I think we may as well
first as last initiate a system which shall make
these Departments responsible for the expense
of their own printing; and I do hope that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
will permit us to make a good beginning upon
this bill, and amend it so as to apply not only
to these five hundred extra copies to which
the bill more particularly refers, but to the
whole three thousand copies.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it better
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laf-
lin] should report from the Committee on
Printing a bill making provision for the future
with reference to the printing of the Depart-
ments. But as the Congressional Printer has
printed twenty-five hundred of these docu-
ments, and as the Postmaster General wants
five hundred copies more, it seems to ine we
may as well let them be printed in the same
way. It appears to me unnecessary for us to
occupy much more time upon this subject, as
the only question before us is upon concurring
in the Senate amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. If I correctly understand
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin]
the Congressional Printer now prints all these
documents; and the only question is whether
the expense of this printing for the Depart-
ments shall be charged to congressional print-
ing proper, or whether it shall be charged over
to the Departments for which the printing is
actually done. Now, it seems to me that by
some general provision we can require the
Congressional Printer to report to Congress the
amount of printing actually done for the two
Houses, and also the amount done for the
Departments. • For one, I am opposed to hav-
ing these different Departments charge us with
extravagance in printing. Only a day or two
ago the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] as one of the counts in his in-
dictment against this Congress, charged that
we were squandering here millions every year
in printing public documents which are worth-
less.
Now, if the Departments want documents
printed for distribution in the various States
or among foreign Governments, let the Depart-
ments become responsible for the distribution,
and let the expense be charged over to them.
A general provision which should have this
effect would, it appears to me, be desirable.
Mr. LAFLIN. As this subject has been
brought to the attention of the House, I would
like, with the permission of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] to give the sub-
stance of a statement which I have seen from
the Congressional Printer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It appears to me
that a small matter of this kind should not
occupy anymore time. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The l%tter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. HUNTER asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence after Thursday next.
Mr. PRUYN asked and obtained leave of
absence after to-day until January 15th.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. KERR asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House papers in the
case of J. 0. Armes.
PENSIONS FOR SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
presented a resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Tennessee in favor of granting
pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and of the War of 1812, and or-
dered to be printed.
ordek of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the President's
message.
On the motion there were—ayes 52, noes 43.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Randall
and Pike were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 78, noes 22.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawks
