3666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 1,
are settled. A line is surveyed, and one party
may insist that he has lost several feet of his
land, bat the law steps in and decides it to the
true line. It was not for the purpose of ceding
the lands the treaty was made, but to determine
the true line between the two nations.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Chairman, one fur-
ther question. I desire to ask, in reference to
his answer, whether it is not conceded now,
and whether it has not always been conceded,
Fort Montgomery is north of the forth-fifth
parallel of north latitude, and therefore not
within the territory to which we had any claim.
Mr. FERRISS. The people of the. United
States claimed our line was somewhere else
from where it is now. I do not know myself
where the old line was.
Sir, a power to alienate territory would be
subversive of the objects of the Government,
and might very easily effect a dissolution of
the Union. It exists nowhere. While there is
no express prohibition in the Constitution
against it, that instrument never contemplated
the transfer of a foot of our territory to any
foreign Power. The provision that "Congress
shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory and other property of the United
States" has been generally supposed to relate
to disposing of the land in fee or otherwise to
individuals, dividing the territory, and forming
territorial governments, and not to a transfer
to a foreign sovereignty. Territory might be
wrested from us in a disastrous war, and in no
other way can we be deprived of a single foot
of our national domain.
The treaty-making power, then, is not with-
out limits. I would define it as follows :
1. A treaty can only be made by the Presi-
dent with some potentate, State, or soverignty.
2. Its stipulations must not destroy or do
violence to the constitutional rights, privileges,
or immunities of any of the United States or
any of the citizens thereof.
3. If its stipulations or conditions relate to any
subject, special power or control over which is
committed by tlie Constitution to any other
department or power in the Government, then
the concurrent action of such other depart-
ment or power is indispensable to give validity
to such treaty.
Judged by that standard let us see how this
Russian treaty will appear. Among the powers
specially conferred upon Congress by the Con-
stitution is the power "to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization." The third article of
the treaty is as follows:
"The inhabitants of tlie cedod territory, according
to their choice, reserving their natural allegiance,
may return to Kussiawithm three years; but if they
should prefer to remain in the ceded territory they,
with the exception of the uncivilized native tribes,
shall be admitted to the enjoyment of alt the rights,
advantages, and immunities ot citizens oi the Uni-
ted States, and shall be maintained and protected m
the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
religion. The uncivilized tribes will be subject to
such laws and regulations as the United States may
from time to time adopt in regard to aboiiginal
tribes of that country."
Here is a class of persons whose qualifica-
tions for citizenship I may have occasion to
notice hereafter, made citizens without the
intervention of the naturalization laws. Every
Irishman or German who lauds upon our
shores must remain live years, then, having
two years previously declared his intention to
become a citizen, take the oath of allegiance
to the United States, abjure all allegiance to
his former sovereign, and, more than that,
prove by competent testimony that he is a man
of good moral character and well disposed
toward the institutions and Government of the
United States. Nothing like this is required
of the Siberian malefactors and other residents
of Alaska. The wisdom of the Executive and
State Department combined has discovered a
convenient and easy way to set aside this little
rule of naturalization contained in the Con-
stitution, and by the " exchange of the ratifi-
cations of a convention" alone, clothe this
class of persons, without regard to character
or qualification, and who can neither speak our
language or understand our form of Govern-
ment, with all the rights of American citizen-
ship. If there was no other objection to the
treaty this article alone should condemn it,
and this House ought not to commit itself to
any act which recognizes citizenship created
in that manner.
The Constitution further provides that all
bills for the raising of revenue shall originate
in the House of Representatives," and that
"no money shall be drawn from the Treasury
but in consequence of appropriations made by
law." How, then, can it be said that the
House has no discretion in making the appro-
priation to pay for this territory? We are
asked for money; we are a portion of the law-
making power ; a law must be passed before
the money can be paid; and yet we have no
discretion. The naked proposition exposes its
absurdity. If the rule claimed by the Presi-
dent prevails he may, with the consent of the
Senate, buy any and all the territory he chooses
and overwhelm the nation with indebtedness.
Whether the sum is ten millions or a thousand
millions it is all the same; the nation is
bound and there is no remedy. Such cannot
be the true construction of the trea ty-making
power.
The power to refuse the appropriation being
conceded, ought it to be exercised. The Em-
peror of Russia has no right to complain if we
refuse the aid called for. He has an experi-
enced and intelligent representative in this
city—the same who negotiated this treaty, and
who has resided in this country for twenty-
eight years. No sovereign of Europe has a
more shrewd or able diplomat in this country.
He is learned in our laws and language, and it
is no disparagement to the members of this
House to say that he understands our Consti-
tution as well as any member here.
It is more than probable that the possession
of Alaska was surrendered to the United States
for the express purpose of urging its surrender
as a reason why the purchase money should be
paid. Such reason cannot operate with me.
While I should regret any act that would dis-
turb our amicable relations with the Czar of
Russia, who was our firmest and fastest friend
during all the dark days of our recent bloody
conflict, I cannot believe he would regard so
plain an exercise of our discretionary power
as a just cause of complaint. If he did I could
only regret it. My first duty is to my own
country, and that I propose to discharge with-
out consulting the feelings of any foreign poten-
tate, whoever he may be.
In a speech delivered before the Soldiers' and
Sailors Union in January last, a Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] remarked:
"The purchase of Alaskafrom Kussiaeanbejusti-
lied on high political considerations and the future
commercial importance of owning the northwestern
part of the continent. But it is not easy to see the
necessity lor spending $7,500,000 in gold for the pur-
chase oi St, Thomas, a small West Indiaisland, which
may be said to bo the very birthplace of the yellow
fever, and is frequently made desolate by earth-
quakes and hurricanes."
What the high political considerations are
that justify this purchase the Senator does not
inform us. We are left entirely to conjecture.
Are we to enter upon a career of filibustering?
Is that country on the one side, and Washing-
ton Territory on the other, to be the upper and
nether millstones by which the British posses-
sions are to be crushed out? Sir, that process
of acquiring territory, to say nothing of the
morality of the method, would prove far more
expensive than negotiation and purchase, and
might possibly result in disaster. We want no
more wars, least of all with that nation most
powerful on the ocean, and with which we have
the most complicated and extensive commer-
cial relations.
Of what possible commercial importance can
this territory be to us? The islands can never
be made a stopping place for vessels passing
across the Pacific ocean from one continent to
the other. The track of steamers to China and
Japan is now a thousand miles south of them,
and although it might not materially lengthen
the distance to touch at Oonalaska, there are
climatic reasons which prevent it. The per-
petual fogs in which these regions are enveloped
render regular navigation by ocean steamers
highlv dangerous and utterly impracticable. In
an elaborate article in the New York Herald
of April 29, 1807, favoring the purchase, it i3
spoken of as a country "far removed from the
ordinary routes of commerceand unless there
is some value and importance pertaining to the
territory itself, the ordinary routes of commerce
will not be changed.
The next question to consider is, has this
country any intrinSc value, excepting for pur-
poses of fortification or defense, or possessed
of mineral value, and then only to a limited
extent? No country on this earth has yet beei*
found of the least possible worth or importance
unless it was capable of profitable agricultural
improvement. Alaska is not, nor are the Aleu-
tian Islands. We are told the climate is far
milder than in the same latitude on the Atlantic
coast; that the thermal currents of the Pacific
bathe its shores and soften the rigor of its
Arctic locality; that its isothermal line stretched
across the continent runs well down into the
middle and eastern States. I am not disposed
to question these statements, and will not now
stop to discuss the theory deducible from such
phenomena. One fact is worth a dozen theo-
ries, and we have in the documents furnished
to the committee abundance of evidence as to
the true character of this country. No more
reliable authority can be found than that fur-
nished by the Russian Government itself. In
a memorandum descriptive of the Russian im-
perial system of Russian America, division of
property, &c., transmitted by Mr. Clay, our
minister at St. Petersburg, to Mr. Seward, I
find the following passages relating to the
Aleutian Islands:
"Upon these three last islands there never existed
any Russian settlement; the intercourse of Russians
with those tribes was wholly confined to the limits
of retail trade, for which purpose vessels of the Rus-
sian-American Company were but occasionally sent
thither, and, therefore, neither the imperial Govern-
ment nor the company ever had any influence upon
the mode of division of lands between said natives,
who, to the present time, use such lands in perfect
freedom, without any foreign interference or restric-
tions. Exactly in the same way (owing to the char-
acter of the object which was constantly pursued by
the agents of the company) neither the (Government
nor the company had any interest to interfere with
the distribution of lands between the inhabitants of
the Aleutian Islands. All these islands, the bounda-
ries of which are fixed by nature itself, are held and
used by the Alcutes by right of prescription, never
interrupted by any foreign violation or interference.
The division of lands between the Aleutian settle-
ments was established at a time anterior to the Rus-
sian occupation, and continues to he inviolably pre-
served according to usages prevalent of all antiquity
among the natives. Neither the imperial Govern-
ment. by the authority conferred to the Russian-
American Company, nor the agents of the company,
by the strength of imperial grants, ever interfered
with the internal division of lands between the indi-
genous Aleutes, and if the local administration occa-
sionally undertook the examination of their mutual
claims it exceptionally happened in cases of misun-
derstanding and contests between the natives them-
selves, and never otherwise than upon application
of the interested parties and persons, when the local
Toyunns, or elders of villages, had failed to satisly
th a respective claims of parties by their own authority-.
"The native population of each separate island is
so very insignificant that the inhabitants of any one
could not meet with the slightest causc of collision
of interests in the use of lands: in addition to this,
the soil itself being perfectly barren, and unfit either
for agricultural or sra&ing purposes, there was no
reason why the natives should endeavor to extend
the limits of their lands; if they value their grounds
it is exclusively on account of streams abounding in
fish. or of coast sites, designated by the local name
of Liyda, (Layda:) for the Aleutes, being neither ag-
riculturists nor cattle breeders, live exclusively upon
fish and shell fishes thrown ashore by the tide, so that
the welfare of the natives is measured by the abun-
danceof sea fruits supplied by thetide, and the pros-
perity of Aleutian settlements is calculated by the
riches of the Liyda, exactly in the same way as the
prosperity of continental settlements is chiefly calcu-
lated by the productiveness of the ground.
''There was even less ground for the enactment of
any particular regulations in view of immigrant set-
tlers. Who can ever have a mind to settle in that
country, where permanent fogs and dampness of at-
mosphere and want of solar heat a,nd light, leaving
out of the question anything like agriculture, make
it impossible to provide even a sufficient supply of
hay for cattle, and where man, from want of bread,
salt, and meat, to escape scurvy must constantly
live upon fish, berries, shell-fish, sea cabbages, and
other products of the sea, soaking them profusely
with the grease of sea beasts. The Aleutian Islands
may attract transient traders, but rto permanent set-
tlers; to inhabit them one must be an Aleute, and if
