118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4y
Ho. of Reps.
Southern Land Grants—Mr. Julian.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Southern land Grants.
SPEECH OE HON. GEO. W. JULIAN,
op indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
February 4, 1868,
Concluding the argument on the bill (h. R. No. 267)
to declare forfeited to the United States certain
land grants to aid in the construction of railroads
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Florida, and for other purposes.
Mr.' JULIAN said:
Mr. Speaker: If the House will give me its
attention, I promise not to detain it long in
concluding the argument in support of this
measure. It has been extensively debated
already, and the discussion has taken a re-
markably wide range. We have talked about
the Dubuque and Sioux City railroad, about
negro suffrage in Montana, about the confisca-
tion of rebel property, and the inferiority of
the negro race. I doubt whether a debate
ever occurred in this House which was diver-
sified by a richer variety of topics or a wider
departure from the real question in dispute.
I propose, therefore, m conclusion, as the
House is already weary and the day nearly
spent, to deal only with the naked question
presented by this bill. And let me remark, in
the outset, that there is no question here as to
the revival of railroad land grants in the South
or in the North. This bill does not tender that
issue in any form. Neither the rebel govern-
ments of the South nor their rebel corporations
have presented that question. It is not before
us, and no argument addressed to it is in order.
When' it comes here I propose that we shall
deal with it upon its merits.
Neither is there any question here about the
forfeiture of these railroad lands. No, sir.
The lands are forfeited to the United States
already; and the simple and sole issue is
■whether we shall open up these lands of the
Government to settlement and tillage by the
loyal poor who long for them, or allow them
to remain in the remorseless grasp of rebel
monopolists.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question right there.
Mr. J CJL1AN. I have not time to be inter-
rupted. I must therefore decline.
Mr. Speaker, that is the simple and only
■issue; and I am surprised, therefore, and I
confess myself disappointed quite as much as
surprised, at the opposition to this measure
which has been volunteered on both sides of
this House. These rebel corporations, with
the single exception of the New Orleans and
Opelousas Railroad Company, have not asked
any help at our hands. They are not before
us save in the accounts we have of their dis-
loyal conduct during and since the war. It
will hot do to say that they are not represented
on this floor, for the right of petition is and
has been all the time freely open to them and
to the people of the South, and they might at
■least have had the decency to ask us if they
desired our interposition.
But we are told that we ought to wait until
these States have representatives in Congress
who can be consulted respecting a measure of
so much moment. Why, Mr. Speaker, this is a
very strange argument in the mouths of gen-
tlemen on this side of the House. Sir, during
the progress of this war we did not wait until
representatives came here before we abolished
slavery in this District,-repealed the fugitive
slave law, broke up the coast-wise slave trade,
and abolished slavery itself. We did not wait
for rebels to be represented here before we
passed the constitutional amendment wiping
out slavery in the Republic forever, nor did we
consult them about the reconstruction of their
governments and the conditions on which we
would allow them to resume their place in the
Union. Why, then, stay our hands in dealing
with these corporations on the pretext that no
one is here to speak in their behalf?
I know, Mr. Speaker, that there is a pretty
well-known individual at the other end of the
avenue who has told us for years past that -we
ought not to legislate here in the absence of
ten States of the Union ; that it was unconsti-
tutional to deal with their interests until they
could be heard in the Senate and theHouseby
their r6presentati%'es; but this Congress for the
last seven years has systematically turned a
deaf ear to all suggestions of that character.
We have assumed the right to deal with these
rebel districts because their people rebelled, and
because the loyal element within them had the
right to protection at our hands, which could
be given m no other way.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, we do not know when
these rebel States will be reconstructed. Ala-
bama, it is thought, will be here in a few
weeks; but we do not know this. And when
will Louisiana and Mississippi and Florida be
here? It is quite uncertain; while the multi-
tudes who want homes on these fertile lands
of the South cannot afford to be postponed.
Certainly they ought not to be, in deference to
rebel monopolists, or for any but the strongest
of reasons. None such have been given or can
be urged. As to the building of these roads
by and by, it should be remembered that the
settlement and improvement of the country
through which they pass will help, and not
hinder, such enterprises. When the States shall
ask ou^aid large quantities of coal and iron
lands will remain, which cannot be used for
agricultural purposes, and are not therefore
subject to settlement under the homestead law;
and if proper to do so, Congress can grant
pecuniary aid, as we have done in other cases.
But it is said, in declaring these lands for-
feited and open to settlement, we are making
an exception to the ordinary policy of Con-
gress in reference to land grants. Sir, I deny
it. We propose no exception by this bill, for
the reason that an exception always implies
an existing general rule, and there has been
no general rule as to the renewal of land grants
to rebellious States. If munificent grants of
land had heretofore been made to States which
thereupon rebelled against the Government of
the United States, and we had revived the
grants notwithstanding their rebellion, then the
forfeiture declared by this bill might be pleaded
as an exception to such action. No such case
has ever been presented to Congress, and there-
fore no exception to such supposed action of
Congress can be urged. If Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, and Iowa had received grants
of millions of acres of land to aid them in
building railroads, and following those grants
they had turned upon the Government and
sought its life, and if especially, the loyal and
homeless people of those States had demanded
the right of homestead upon the land granted,
will any gentlemen opposed to this bill pretend
that Congress would not have discriminated in
favor of loyal men by opening such lands to
settlement and tillage? That, sir, is the only
thing proposed by this bill as to these south-
ern lands. Disregarding the wailings of rebel
States and corporations, we simply ask, in the
interest of the loyal poor, that four or five
million acres now criminally withheld from
them shall be carved into homesteads and made
the basis of productive wealth.
Considerable quantities of these grants are
to-day in the occupancy of loyal men, many
of them having settled upon them prior as
well as subsequent to these grants. These
settlers are now at the mercy of rebel capital-
ists and corporations, and some of them are
being driven from the homes on which tliey
have settled and made their improvements in
good faith. Shall we, having the power to
prevent it, allow these men to be ejected? Is
Congress ready to join the President in makiug
treason respectable and giving loyal men the
back seats?
But we are told there is no difficulty in get-
ting lands in these regions, and therefore there
is no necessity far this enactment. That is
the cry which is raised here on both sides of
the House. The gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Blaik] tells us squarely that any man in
these States who wants a home can get it, and
that there can be no monopoly of the lands of
the United States, with our millions of unoc-
cupied acres. Why, sir, I am astonished at
the statement of the gentleman. It is not
only in the South, but in the North, also, that
difficulties in the way of acquiring homesteads
exist.
And I desire to state right here some facts
in illustration of this point. According to
the last report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, we have granted to the
different lines of the Pacific railroad one hun-
dred and twenty four-million acres; and under
a recent ruling of the Interior Department
double that quantity of land, including an
entire belt of forty miles on these several
routes, is interdicted from settlement. This
makes two hundred and forty-eight million
acres. Add to this some fifty-seven million
acres which have been granted to other rail-
roads, and we have an aggregate of three hun-
dred and five million acres, being nearly one
third of the entire public domain of the United
States. This is exclusive of agricultural col-
lege scrip, which will amount, when given to
all the States, to over nine million acres, and
which is rapidly passing into the hands of mo-
nopolists. We should add to this the great
but indefinite monopoly of the public lands
effected through military land warrants, and
some seventeen million acres granted for ca-
nals and other public improvements, besides
over l'orty-three million acres in all granted to
the States as swamp lands, and which have
largely gone into the hands of speculators and
monopolists. But I wish to speak now espe-
cially of our immense grants to railroads. The
extent of these grants ought to excite thfe gen-
eral alarm of this country. Sir, the railroad
power of the United States has no rival to-day
among the great forces which govern the coun-
try, unless it be in the whisky power, whose
remarkable sway is confessed both by the
Government and the people. No difficulty in
getting homesteads, says the gentleman from
Michigan! Sir, I have letters from reliable
and prominent men in the Topeka land dis-
trict in Kansas, stating that the Indian reser-
vations there, as now administered by the Gov-
ernment, and the railroad grants to which I
have referred, have made it next to impossible
for settlers to acquire homesteads in that dis-
trict upon any land that is really desirable.
Under the prodigal policy of the "Government
it is every day becoming more and more diffi-
cult to acquire a homestead, and I am sur-
prised that gentlemen from the West should
not see and confess the fact. And, to make
the matter still worse, the Attorney General
of the United States has not long since given
an elaborate opinion that settlers on the public
lands, under the preemption laws, are mere
tenants at will, who may be lawfully ejected
by_ the Government at any moment. This
opinion, which has been accepted by the Inte-
rior Department of the Government as law,
puts in peril every preemption and homestead
claimant throughout the entire territory of the
United States j and I brand it as a flagrant
outrage upon justice and a burlesque "upon the
very name of law. But I return to the ques-
tion of homesteads in the land States of the
South, and to show the difficulty of acquiring
them in that sccticfn I ask the Clerk to read
an extract from a letter I have recently re-
ceived from Mississippi.
1 he Clerk read as follows:
" The disadvantages wo labor under and the obsta-
cles we meet can never ho imagined by one who has
not witnessed them. First, the extreme poverty of
ail .Republicans; second, the fact that not one in a
hundred live in their own houses and are not at lib-
