1868.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Southern Land Grants—Mr. Julian.
Ho. ob Reps.
erty to entertain Republican canvassers; third, not
one precinct in a hundred has a house of any kind
where Republican meetings can be held; fourth, our
enemies, bitter as ever they were during the war,
own all the lands and most of the bread, and will try
to starve us to vote their way. They are brave men
who will fight against such odds."
Mr. JULIAN. That letter showsthat in the
very region in which the gentleman from Mich-
igan says any man can find a home who wants
if, the lands and the bread are in the hands of
the rebels. I ask, in the name of humanity,
and of common sense, how can the homeless
and starving poor acquire homes under such
circumstances ? The government there, the
ruling class, and the railroads are against them,
and 1 call it a mockery to ask these helpless
' people to fight their battle unaided.
Any man, we are told, who wants a home-
stead can find it. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to remember, I ask this House to
remember, what I said the other day, that of
the agricultural regions of these States more
than fifty-two million acres arc in the hands of
monopolists; that fourteen, fifteenths of the
people of these States, outside of their cities
and towns, are without homes of their own,
and to a great extent without the ability to
acquire them; that some twenty-six million
acres heretofore granted to these States as
swamp lands have been bought up and are now
held by the leading rebels of the South as a
frightful monopoly from which all loyal men
are excluded; and that the great body of the
lands subject to settlement under the southern
homestead law are almost worthless for tillage.
If lands were as abundant in the South as gen-
tlemen have attempted to show, the fact would
destroy their strong argument against this bill;
for the forfeiture of the few millions which it
proposes would leave an ample supply for the
railroads. Sir, the opposition to this bill proves
that I am right in my statements.
Why, sir, the evidence comes to us through
every newspaper from the South and every
letter from the South, which speaks of the
condition of the poor, that the sacred right of
homestead is resolutely denied to the loyal
masses, who are thus reduced to a condition
of servitude and helplessness. The rebel land-
owner will neither sell his lands in small home-
steads nor rent them on the shares, nor lease
them in any form, unless he does it as a means
of compelling the poor to renounce their loy-
alty. In this connection allow me to read
extracts from two letters which I find in the
huge volumes of southern correspondence with
the Congressional Executive Committee, on
file in their rooms:
. " The rebels n,re using every means in their power
to oppress and distress thefreedmen. They are swin-
dling them in every conccivable way, and turning
them adrift without a mouthful to eat and nowhere
to go. They say to these persecuted and outraged
people, 'You have brought all this misery and dis-
tress on yourselves by voting ior the damned Radi-
cals. Go to the damned scoundrels and see what
they will do for you. W e have the land and they have
none. You may fctarve and go to hell, where wo in-
tend to send you andyour damned rascally, Radical,
scoundrel friends.' Hunger and staivation are hard
masters. Notwithstanding all this outrageous and
oppressive treatment, their old rebel tyiant masters
are not able to seduce any of them from their tried
and faithful loyalty to the Government. Should
these true, loyal, and sufferingsupporters of the Gov-
ernment be left to the mercy of these traitors, or be
left to starve on account of their loyalty and faith-
fulness to the Government? I am in hopes that
Congress and our radical Republican iiiends in the
North will take our situation and condition under
consideration, and devise some means to render us
immediate relief."
Mr. Speaker, this letter comes from Missis-
sippi, one of the States named in this bill, and
I commend it to the consideration of gentle-
men who think the poor of the South abund-
antly able to take care of themselves. "We
have the land," say the rebels, and "you may
starve and go to hell." And will gentlemen
on this floor and on this side of the House
espouse the cause of railroad corporations
which are controlled by such men? The writer
of the letter I have read expresses the perfectly
reasonable hope that 1' Congress and our Radi-
cal Republican friends in the North will take
our situation and condition under considera-
tion, and devise some means to render us im-
mediate relief." Sir, that is just what I pro-
pose by the measure before us, so far as it may
be possible, and I cannot believe that this
House will be found wanting in its duty. Let
us not dishonor the record we have made in
uniformly standing by the rights of loyal men
in their struggles against their rebel oppressors.
Let me read an extract from one other letter:
"You will see by this letter some part of tho con-
dition of our vicinity. Thefreedmen held a meeting
to-day, but framed no resolutions, ior the reason that
the landownersor tho employers are turning off uma-
jority of the freedmen. They do not intend to work
for S'l00 a year and board themselves. The trouble
is, tho rebels will not employ those in the leagues or
those who voted for a convention. What we are to
do the Almighty only knows; but we will lav hold
of the strength of our God and go forward, for He has
blessed our cause. The employers have taken every
grain of corn from the poor freedmen, besides all the
cotton. There aro a great many now homeless and
destitute, without corn and without anything. The
prospect is gloomy. Unless something is done star-
vation is inevitable; while on the other side they
havo plenty to live upon. Somo few are renting
their lands to the freedmen for a third share, but
they havo to got something to plow with and pro-
visions whero they can. Maior Drake's and Henry
Roger's tenants have told me that they were stripped
of all corn and cotton and left to starve. Tho poor
whites aro faring no better. There was a poor
white man in tho neighborhood taken sick: he was a
league man and favored a convention. They sent
for throe physicia.ns; none attended him; the poor
man suffered and died, and was buried. Major
Drako said, ' dig a hole and put him in it.' Wo give
only an outlino of tho treatment by tho rebels. If
they are not brought down we shall have a worse
time than we have ever experienced. Since I com-
monced this letter wo havo coon informed by James
Peteikin's tenants that he turned them off without
anything. Wo have not time to state the injustice
and unrighteous conduct of tho able class of people
who oppress tho poor and treat them with con-
tempt and disdain. Every stumbling-block is thrown
in the way, if possible, to subjugate tho laborer. It
is tax-gathering time. The freedmen are willing to
pay their taxes if they had tho means, but as every-
thing has been taken from them thoy havo nothing
to pay with. When the deputy finds ono able to pay
he takes advantage of him."
Mr. Speaker, this letter speaks for itself, and
is a single specimen of the many which find
their way from the land of starvation and mis-
rule, pleading for the interposition of Congress.
Shall we turn a deaf ear to this general cry of
distress? Shall our action here, speaking
louder than words, admonish these homeless
people that thoy "may starve and go to hell?"
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In connection
with the branch of the subject now being
discussed by the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands he will allow me to say that
1 have caused to be prepared from official
sources in the General Land Office and Cen-
sus Bureau a table showing the amount of land
subject to homestead entry in Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida;
the number of homesteads at eighty acres each,
with population, &c., which will show to some
extent the necessity of the bill under consider-
ation.
From this table it will be seen that if all the
land subject to homestead entry is arable and
accessible in three of these States the number
of male citizens needing homesteads exceeds
the number of homesteads. Thus the num-
ber of male citizens needing homesteads and
the number of homesteads are as follows:
Number of
citizens.
Alabama 
Mississippi 
Louisiana  118.J04
Number of
homesteads.
86,437
61.625
230,337
Total  291,367  
This leaves sixty-one thousand and^ thirty
citizens unprovided with homesteads. To sup-
ply these would require 4,882,400 acres. The
amount of land certified to these three States
for railroad purposes is 3,112,505 acres, still
leaving a deficiency if all the railroad lands
could be appropriated for homesteads.
But it is well understood that not one half
of the lands now subject to homestead entry
can be located for that purpose. Much of it is
mountainous or barren sands, incapable of
cultivation. In any event, many deserving and
needy citizens must be left without homesteads.
If tho lands shall be located for homesteads
the wisdom of this bill will be demonstrated.
If lands are left unentered, when we come to
consider the propriety and the terms of land
grants to railroad companies we can then de-
cide what ought to be done.
I will ask to have the table incorporated
with this debate in the Globe.
Mr. JULIAN. I shall be quite willing to
have these facts go out with my speech.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir; I have not time.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I object to that table
going in the Globe.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then I ask
to have it read as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk proceeded to read the table, but
after some minutes was interrupted by
Mr. BLAINE, who said: More time has
been consumed in the reading than my ques-
tion would have occupied. I will now with-
draw tho objection.
' Mr. WA SHBURN, of Indiana. I renew it.
I want to hear the table read.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
table, which is as follows:
I— 
Pjoccmo*
0
* 2 E. ® S
r
: : * po3'
: ::ggf
: I : ®
1 i : S'S'I
: ; ;
p-B S3
papw.3
OI-TOIOO
Oj-4 tO O C7l
OOOOO
88888
g TO
K2 K->
f—>>£.COOCO
OWOiOl-J
cotoco^to
CO -J CO
S e.of„ 2.o*S|
° e
srg&rlg.
sifsrg § is
<tf 03 MO^
1 ' V—1 t O J:
•S3 O — ->•> -
lod co ::ti 
5.®
<< o
co'f—'lo ~ •—>
O-COCCJ
Ci O i— --T *-
►U. C". O CO I 0
Farms of three
acres and over.
Males not own-
ing farms.
The lands certified for railroad purposes in
these States, are as follows:
Certified to Florida, August, 1S57, Augurt and No-
vember, 1858, a#d October, I860, under acfc of hta or
May, 1850—
1. For Florida road, acres    fjS'JSHI
2. For Alabama and Florida road, acres...
a. For Pensacola and Georgia road...........
4. For Florida, Atlantic, and trnlf Central _ _ ^
road, acres *  
Total to Florida....*.  
