3668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
not one of whom can speak our language, who,
by the terms of this treaty, are made citizens
of the United States, and the balance composed
entirely of Indians.
If this purchase involved only its first cost
of $7,200,000 in gold, equal to about thirty
thousand dollars in gold to every congressional
district in the Union, it might be borne. But,
sir, that is a mere bagatelle to the prospective
expense which must be incurred. First of all
a territorial government must be organized.
The telegraphic \yires were still hot with dis-
patches sent to the Secretary of State, (not
instigated, of course, by anybody in the inter-
est. of the State Department,) congratulating
him upon the making of this treaty, an achieve-
ment more successful than was his great effort
at writing down the rebellion, when a memo-
rial from the mayor and councils of Sitka, a
little hamlet, chiefly of log houses or huts,
containing not more than live hundred inhab-
itants of all ages, sexes, and nations, exclusive
of Indians in the vicinity, was sent to the Sen-
ate, praying for a territorial government.
It is not likely that Robert J. Walker, for
whose talents I entertain the highest respect,
the venerable statesman of two generations,
' who, in January last, wrote a letter of nine
columns in the Chronicle favoring the purchase
of Alaska and St. Thomas, claiming original-
ity of the " fifty-four forty or fight" doctrine,
an absurd claim most effectually squelched in
the Senate by the late Thomas H. Benton, and
who characterizes the opponents of this Alaska
swindle as the fossil remains of a party now
nearly extinct, had anything to do with the
getting up of this memorial. His business
was that of a paid attorney, pursuing a legiti-
mate calling. And the press of this city in
devoting their columns to the advocacy of this
swindle for the purpose of influencing this
House, were pursuing the vocation of the
tradesman vending his wares for a considera-
tion had and received. It was that class of
persons who hang around this Capitol waiting,
Micawber like, for something to turn up; that
class of persons so inimitably described by Neil
in his Charcoal Sketches in the person of Peter
Brush. Peter was a politician, and soliloquiz-
ing said: ''I love my country and I want an
office. I don't care what, so it is fat and
easy. I have a genius for governing—for tell-
ing people what to do and looking at 'em do
it. I want to take care of my country, and I
want my country to take care of me."
These are the men who want a territorial
government. Be patient, gentlemen, you will
not have to wait long. The bill has already
been introduced in the Senate. It provides
for a Governor, secretary, judge, and marshal,
several offices, all " fat and easy.'' These are
not all the offices; more Peter Brushes are
wanted. Sixty-five thousand Indians must
be provided for. Indian treaties come next
in order. These, of course, will be necessary
to extinguish the Indian title to the Arcadian
bowers and Klsyian fields so eloquently de-
scribed by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
A few more millions for that purpose is of no
account. The flag must wave
" On Behring's rocks, on Greenland's isles
and the eagle mingle his scream with
"The wolf's long howl from Oonalaaka's shore."
Then follow Indian agencies. I think I see
Peter's eyes glisten at the thought of writing
himself down Indian agent. These are the "fat
places,'' which, for leeching the Treasury and
defrauding the Government, are not equaled
by anything outside of the whisky ring. And
as these Indians are the most warlike and
treacherous of any on the continent, a few
soldiers, say a couple of regiments, will be
wanted to keep them quiet. It will not require
more than two or three millions a year to main-
tain the soldiers, excepting in time of war,
which quite likely will be all the time. And
the Navy, too, that must be represented, for,
in imitating the man who bought all the land
that joined his farm to keep his neighbor's pigs
from annoying him, we have doubled our coast
line and acquired innumerable bays, inlets,
and harbors—nice places for smugglers and
contraband traders. A few revenue cutters
and some cruisers must be employed to look
after those little matters—add a few more mil-
lions ; " manifest destiny " says we must have
the whole continent; never mind the expense.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Has
the gentleman thought of the probable cost of
the coast survey of that immense coast?
Mr. FERRISS. It did not occur to me, but
ought not to be omitted.
'i'he great American idea of expansion must
be carried out. Custom-houses and customs
officers must be created ; the latter salaried,
of course, for the only trade likely to be carried
on will be an illicit traffic in whisky and to-
bacco, and even Peter Brush would not take
the place and rely upon his fees. One thing
more I must not omit. A country teeming
with vegetation, burdened with all the agri-
cultural products of the earth, rich in the pre-
cious ores and the baser metals, and withal
glittering in diamonds, as the eloquent chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
charitably testifies, must have her rivers and
harbors in suitable condition to receive the
navies of the world, and a few more thousands
for the Stakeen and the Yukon must adorn the
next appropriation bill for the improvement of
rivers and harbors.
Mr. Chairman, I implore the members of
this House to remember that the nation is
groaning under a debt of more than two thou-
sand five hundred million dollars; that the
acquisition of these Russian possessions in-
volves an expense of ten million dollars in
currency, now called for with an enormous
prospective cost and outlay for their govern-
ment and protection perhaps equal to the in-
terest on fifty millions more, that we do not
need the Territory, and then determine whether
they will heap this additional burden upon
their constituents. It is a responsibility I do
not crave and shall not take. Is there a man
on this floor who for a single moment believes
his constituents would vote to tax themselves
§80,000 in gold to pay their share ofthe money ?
Gentlemen talk about the honor of the nation
being involved, and good faith to a friendly
Power requiring the carrying out of this treaty.
This is the argument that is expected to win,
the sentimental argument cunningly provided
and made to hand by the manipulators of the
negotiations. The boldness with which this
treaty was sought to be forced upon this House
has no parallel in our history. For the first
time possession was surrendered and taken of
the possessions acquired before provision was
made by legislation for carrying into effectthose
provisions that required legislative aid.
It was a trick of diplomacy, and I hope no
one here will be deceived by any such shallow
device. Over and over again this House has
asserted its right to grant or refuse aid like that
now called for, and when do we propose to
exercise that right? Pay this money, and to-
morrow a treaty for the purchase of St. Thomas
and St. John's, another for St. Croix, and still
another for Greenland will be thrust in our
faces and money asked for. We hold the
purse strings of the nation ; we are the depos-
itaries of its treasure, and responsible for its
disbursement. We cannot shake off that re-
sponsibility if we would. It will not do to
shrink behind the treaty-making power; the
people will drag us out from our hiding-place
and demand an account of our stewardship.
Mr. Chairman, I am sure the eloquent gen-
tleman from Massachusetts drew upon his
imagination when he said new and unexplored
countries were always decried and disparaged.
The vivid picture he drew of the mines of
wealth and the unlimited productions and the
genial climate of Alaska reminded me of the
glowing accounts of the boundless riches of
this country recorded by its discoverers. In
justice, however, to the honorable gentleman,
1 must say the Spaniard's picture of the wealth
and magnificence of the Montezumas was
dimmed by the gold and silver and precious
stones and diamonds of Alaska. Let us not
deceive ourselves. Alaska is an inhospitable
region. It adds nothing to our power, nothing
to our wealth. I am not one of those who
believe our country is finished and ought to be
inclosed. I believe in expansion and exten-
sion, not by reaching out to the extremity of
the continent and taking under our protecting
care and absorbing into onr body-politic the
most inharmonious, and if not the weakest,
the most dangerous element to be found, but
in that legitimate expansion required by an
increased population or demanded by the exi-
gencies of commerce.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I shall dis-
cuss the question of a confirmation of the treaty
of Alaska very briefly. I shall not pretend to
bring into the discussion anything elaborate,
learned, or very new ; but in my own way,
I wish to state a few simple and plain proposi-
tions, which have led me to the conviction that
I ought to vote against this appropriation.
Such was my first belief about it, and the more
I have seen, heard, or read upon the subject-
matter the more impressed have I been toward
such a conclusion.
My starting point is that the territory is in-
trinsically and virtually valueless. Of course
time and opportunity do not now fall to me to
elucidate this proposition in all its various
considerations. I know poetry can throw
a charm about even frozen Alaska; that the
imagination can create beauties for any land ;
and that the zeal and eloquence of the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee [Mr. Basks] has invested this
theme on this occasion with an uncommon
interest, which I fear may give the cause he
advocates more favor than it honestly deserves.
But to come down from all the stilts of ro-
mance, poetry, eloquence, and imagination,
upon that plane where our calm judgments
and common sense should guide us, I believe
that all the evidence upon the subject proves
the proposition of Alaska's worthlessness to be
true. Of course I would not deny that her
cod fisheries, if she has them, would be some-
what valuable; but it seems doubtful if fish
can find sun enough to be cured on her shores,
and if even that is so, my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] shows pretty con-
clusively that in existing treaties we had that
right already. It does seem to me that the
very general and indefinite manner in which
the other side meet this issue is a very strong
confession on their part that but little can he
said or discovered to satisfy the American
people that these wild regions are worth an-
nexing to the United States.
In support of the proposition of the utter
worthlessness of this territory there are sev-
eral general tests of a most important and
convincing character. Conclusive proof of it
is that Russia would sell her territory. If she
would sell it at all, she would probably have
given it away. If it was not valuable to her,
it will never prove of any value to us. Russia
is not a Power to surrender a foothold upon
earth unless it should be an actual and annoy-
ing burden to her. Her history for all time
shows that she has been seeking always to
aggrandize her territorial power. This very
day and hour is she pushing her triumphant
armies into Central Asia for the acquisition of
new dominions to her widely-spread territories.
The fact of the want of population in Alaska
is another conclusive argument upon the prop-
osition maintained. She has five hundred and
seventy thousand square miles of area ; eleven
thousand miles of coast line, including bays
and harbors: and besides her Indians only
about nine thousand of all other inhabitants.
It has taken toward a century of the rule of
Russia to have got into that country even as
much as this; so that we shall pay over seven
hundred dollars for our acquired sovereignty
over each and every civilized and half-civihzed
creature in that land. Why has not Alaska a
larger population ? If what is said in her
behalf was not founded in mere imagination,
she would, instead of this little people, have
