2644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-;*
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the only way we
have to debate.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn ; and on that motion I demand
tollers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Etj>kidge
and Butler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 21, noes 03: no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. K.OSS. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the motion to adjourn. Amotion
to adjourn has priority over all motions.
The question was taken on Mr. Eldridge's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 18, nays 95, not voting 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barnes, Beck. Boyer, Burr, Cary,
Chanler,(xetz.Golladay JIaight, llotchkisb, Johnson,
Knott, McCormick, Nicholson, Ross, Stone, Law-
rence S. Trimble, and Wood—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Dolus R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Beamon, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair. Broomall, Butler,
Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Covode, Cullom,Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driest, Eg?leston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Halsev, Hardin*?. Hisrby, Hill. Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D, Hubbard, Hunter, fimersoll,
Judcl, Julian. Ketcham, Koontz, Lalim, George Y.
Lawrence, William Lawrence. Lincoln, Loan. Lojran,
Loughridgo, Lynch, Mallory, McOlars, Mercur. Mil-
ler, Mooie, Mooibead, Morgan, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Nowftomb, Nunn, O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Per-
ham,Pike, Polslev, Pnce.Raum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Solve, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F.Ste-
vens, Stokos.TaiFe, Taylor, John Trimble,Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wiftdom—95.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Benjamin,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Brooks. Buekland, Cake, Cook,
Cornell, Eekley, Eldridge, Eliot, Finney, Fox, Gar-
field, Glossbrenner, Gravel v. Unswold, Grover, Haw-
kins, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Ilumphrey, Jenekes, Jones, Kelley,
Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCulloucch. Momssev, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Scoficld,Shanks,Shella-
barger, Sitsreaves, Spalding* Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart.Taber,Thomas,Twichell,Van Aernam, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek,
CadwaladerC.Washburn, Henry D.Washburn, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridgc, and
Woodward-—70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question, upon which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. KERR. 1 move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion, as the rule prohibits
him from doing it after the previous question
has been seconded when a quorum is present.
A quorum has just answered on a call of the
roll.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered • and Messrs. Kerr and
Ashley, of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 10, noes 84.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 13, nays 84, not voting
92 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Barnes, Boyer, Burr, Chanler,
Getz, Ilotchki^s, McCormick, Morgan, JNiblack,
Nicholson, Stewart, Stone, and Wood—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos "R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Broomall,Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Culloin, Dixon, Dodtre, Donnelly, E^gleston, Ela,
Farnsworth, Jb'erriss, Ferry, Fields, Ilaisey, Harding,
Higby, Ilill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jinid, Julian. Ketcham, Koontz,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mallory, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Myers, Neweomb, Nunn, O'Neill. Orth, Paine,
Perham, Polsley, Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck.
Seyle, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes. Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble, Upson, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam William*, John T. Wilson, and Windom—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Beck,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Broxnwell, Brooks,
Buekland, Cake, Cary, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dawes,
Driggs, Eekley, Eldridge, Eliot, Finney, Fox, Gar-
lield, Glossbrenner, Gollady, Gravely, Griswold,
Grover. Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kellev, Kelsey. Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, Loughridge, Marshall, Marvin,
Maynaid, McCarthy, McCullough, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Pruyn, Randall, Rauin, Robinson, Ross, Sco-
tield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S.
Trimble. Ttowbridge, Twitchell. Van Aernam. Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Cadwalnder C. Washburn, El Him B. Washburne,
Henrv D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Woodward—(J2.
So the motion of Mr. Nicholson, that when
the House adjourns to day it be tomeeton Sat-
urday next, was not agreed to.
Mr. GETZ. I move that the House take a
recess till this evening at seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion for two reasons. The
first is, that the House is acting under the
operation of the previous question ; and the
second is, that by the resolution of the 25th of
February 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion, for the second reason
which he was about stating with regard to the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Getz,] that on the 25th of February the
House, under a suspension of the rules, adopted
an order that upon resolutions reported by the
managers there should be allowed but one dil-
atory motion—one motion to adjourn on each
day. The House, on the day before yester-
day, adopted a resolution continuing the man-
agers as a committee, and clothing them with
all the powers and rights which they had pos-
sessed by previous resolution. This is a reso-
lution reported by the managers, and 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pend. He cannot speak on points of order in
preference to the Chair. The Chair has not
concluded his statement.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg the pardon of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
not only one motion that the House adjourn,
but also a motion t hat when 1 he House adjourns
it be to meet on Saturday next, so that gentle-
men representing the minority might have full
opportunity to test the sense of the House on
those propositions. But under the rule adopted
by the House the Chair cannot entertain any
further dilatory motions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question of order
which 1 desire to raise is this: that the board
of managers were not continued with the priv-
ilege of moving to suspend the rules or with
any other powers than those of an ordinary
committee. They certainly are not managers
now. There is no impeachment to manage.
They are simply an ordinary committee with
the ordinary powers of a committee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution adopted
by the House, which governs the Speaker,
reads as follows:
" llesolvedt That the managers"—
It recognizes them as managers—
" Jiesolved, That the managers, as a committee, be
empowered and directed to continue the investiga-
tion ordered by the resolution of the House of the
16th instant, with all the powers and rights conferred
thereby, and to make such full investigation as will
determine the truth of the matters and things set
forth in the preamble to said resolution."
The Chair ruled that as they had the right
to introduce this resolution by order of the
House one objection would not prevent its con-
sideration. From that ruling the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] appealed,- aftd
the appeal was laid upon the table, the House
thereby affirming the decision of the Chair and
making it their own decision.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose the authority
we gave to the managers by the resolution or
Tuesday related to their authority to investi-
gate the particular matter in reference to cor-
ruption, and had no further reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may so
understand it, but the resolution declared
explicitly that they should have "all the
powers and rights'' conferred by the former
resolution.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. PAINE. My point of order is that it
is not in order to discuss a question of order
after it has been decided by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is always will-
ing to have any gentleman fully state his point
of order, so that the Chair may be in fall pos-
session of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must take an appeal
from that portion of the decision of the Chair
which holds that the managers have now the
same powers that they had while the impeach'
ment was in progress. I make this appeal
with no disrespect to the Chair, but because I
differ with the Chair on this ruling.
Mr. BUTLER, I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon that motion I caU
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 22, not voting
83 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos K.
Ashley, Beaman, Bentty. Benton, Bingham. Blaine,
Blair, Broomall, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Culloin, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs,Eggleston, Ferriss, Ferry,Fields,Hard-
ing, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes. Judd, Juiian, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mallory, McOlurg, M>r«
cur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike. Pile, Polsley, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Selye, Smith, Starkweather. Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Windom—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnes, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr,
Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz, Golladay, Haight,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Morgan. Niblack,
Nicholson, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
and Wood—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buekland, Cake, Sidney Ciarke.Cook, Cornell, Dawes,
Eckley, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth. Finney,Fox,Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Halsey,
Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Humphrey, Jones,Kelley,
Kelsey, Kitchen, Lincoln, Loughridge, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McCul-
lough, Morrissey, Mungen,' Nunn, Peters, Phelps,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robin-
son, Ross, Scolield. Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding,ThaddeusStevens, Stewart, Taber, Thomas,
Twichell, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Van Wyck. Cad-
walader C. Washburn, EhhuB. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James F. Wll-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—S3.
So the appeal was laid on the table,
fhe SPEAKER. The Chair, while this
appeal was pending, having obtained the Con-
gressional Globe, be desires to read in the
presence of the House that portion of the
resolution of the 25th of February last oa
which he has based his decision, which decis-
ion the House has affirmed :
"And that during the pendency of resolutions in
the Llouse relative to said impeachment, thereafter
no dilatory motions shall bo received except one
motion on each day that the House do now adjourn."
That declares, if the Chair understands the
force of the English language, that when res-
olutions are pending in the House u relating
to impeachment''—not resolutions of impeach-
ment, but relating to impeachment—dilatory
motions shall not be received.
The House has still farther acted so as to
settle this question. While the impeachment
was still progressing in the Senate, the House
