236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
December 17,
tion disabled one third of the nation from bear-
ing its proportionate share of the public bur-
dens.
8. It has endeavored to subvert the coordi-
nate branches of the Government by appro-
priating to itself the constitutional prerogatives
of the judiciary and the Executive.
9. It has endeavored to destroy the inde-
pendence of the Executive by taking away from
him his proper control over official appoint-
ments and in the selection of his constitutional
advisers; and has attempted to intimidate the
Chief Magistrate by constant threats of impeach-
ment and removal from office unless he is will-
ing to submit to the dictation of Congress.
10. Congress has created an aristocracy of
Government bondholders by exempting from
taxation their investments, amounting to more
than one fifth of the entire capital of the coun-
c-
il. It has established a system of banking
by which Government gratuitously pays in aid
of the profits of the banking capitalist six per
cent, in gold out of the earnings of the people.
12. It has so managed the finances of the coun-
try that, notwithstanding the taxes are more
onerous than those ever before imposed upon
any nation, not more than half the gross
amount exacted from the people finds its way
into the public Treasury. And while gigantic
fraud stalks unpunished through the land Con-
gress has deprived the President of the powers
essential for the protection of the public rev-
enue by taking away hia control over his own
appointed agents.
13. Congress has deliberately broken its sol-
emn pledge made to the nation on the 22d of
July, 1861, that it would "preserve the Union
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
several States unimpaired."
It is impossible within -the limits of my
allotted time to discuss all the propositions
which I have here laid down in a single speech.
But there will be ample time to discuss them
all here and "elsewhere before the national
jury will render its next verdict in the general
elections of 1868. If, as we have been so
frequently reminded on this floor, revolutions
never go backward, the final triumph of con-
servatism in 1868 has already been fore-
shadowed by the Radical defeats of 1837.
Lest in the matter or manner of what I pro-
pose to say I should seem to presume too much
xipon the result of the late elections I beg leave
to remind the majority of the precedent set by
them based upon the elections of the year
before, when there were considerable Repub-
lican ^ains. It will be remembered when the
Thirty-Ninth Congress assembled in its second
session soon after those elections how jubilant
and defiant were the Radical majority in this
House. Although the aggregate Republican
majority in the twenty-three States which then
voted was but six per cent, of the whole num-
ber of votes cast, none of us on this side of the
Chamber can ever forget how constantly the
election returns were Hung in our faces, nor
how boastingly they were quoted as the indorse-
ment of the policy of Congress by the people,
and as the indisputable warrant for new and
more progressive acts of Radical legislation.
Emboldened by the result of the elections of
1806 the Radical majority in Congress were
no longer restrained by constitutional barriers,
nor by a regard for the consistency of their
own acts. Before those elections Congress
presented its plan of reconstruction in the form
of a constitutional amendment, and submitted
it to all the States for their acceptance or rejec-
tion, thus recognizing the existence of all the
States and the constitutional right of each to
act as such in the premises. The States, in
their exercise of their then admitted right,
•rejected the proposed amendment. But after
the elections of 1866 that which Congress had
failed to effect by an amendment of the Con-
stitution they resolved to enforce outside the
Constitution by act of Congress. Last year
the South was solicited voluntarily to accept
negro sulFrage. This year it has been enforced 1
at the point of the bayonet. I
But by the time the elections of 18G7 came
round the experiment of Radical reconstruction
had been tried for two years and a half. The
result is seen in the condition of our still dis-
tracted country, and the popular verdict may be
found in the returns of the last elections. In
fourteen States they exhibit an aggregate gain
of nearly three hundred thousand votes by the
j Democracy against the Radical majorities of
, the previous year.
In New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, the
three most populous and powerful States in the
Union, the aggregate gain is nearly one hun-
dred and twenty thousand. If we take these
three States as illustrative of the popular reac-
tion, and this House were to be reconstituted
in conformity thereto, what would be the result ?
In Ohio the Democrats have carried ten dis-
tricts out of nineteen; and if the Representa-
tives of Ohio were proportionately divided here
the Republicans instead of sixteen Representa-
tives in this House from the State of Ohio
would have but nine, and the Democrats instead
of but three would have tea. And it is a sig-
nificant fact that among those left out would be
the member from the third district of Ohio, the
chairman of the Republican Congressional
Executive Committee, [Mn. Schenok,] and the
member from the tenth district of Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley,] the original impeacher himself, would
have come back with a majority reduced by
over a thousand votes.
I have not at hand the statistics of the elec-
tion in the Empire State so as to give the result
with the same detail; but as the Democratic
majority in the State of New York is in the
neighborhood of fifty thousand, it is evident
that instead of the delegation standing as it uow
does—eleven Democrats to twenty Repub-
licans—the Democrats would be largely in the
majority if the representation were proportioned
in accordance with the popular vote.
If the .popular vote in the Keystone State
were proportionately represented here the dele-
gation from Pennsylvania in this Congress
would be. equally divided, instead of but six
Democrats to eighteen Republicans, as at pres-
ent.
An analysis of the votes of the other States
would exhibit similar results.
" This is therefore no longer the Congress of
the people. It was a rump Congress last year ;
but this year it is in its representative character
a condemned rump. In view of the latest
operation of those instrumentalities which make
and unmake Congressmen this Congress may
now not inaptly be denominated "a body
I hanging on the verge of the Government."
I do not say by any means that it is not a
j part of the Government; for its power must
still be confessed. The majority who during
the past year held the sway in this place are
here again with numbers scarcely diminished.
Within the bar of this House they are as abso-
lute as ever, and may, as before, defy, pro-
scribe, and gag the minority. They may still
compel us to silence when the most important
laws are enacted under the spur of a party
caucus without examination or discussion.
They may still humiliate us by occasionally
according to two or three of us the special favor
of occupying the floor for the space of five
minutes for argument upon some great measure
of public interest. They may still at their
pleasure eject us from our seats when we become
troublesome. The majority are still powerful
enough to enforce all the rules of the House
strictly against us and suspend them, whenever
it suits their own purposes. All these things
they may still do. But there is one thing which
they can no longer do—they can no longer
truly claim to represent the country.
Radicalism, once dominant and still power-
ful, but weakened by recent defeats and dis-
tracted by the loss of public confidence, is
throughout the free States rapidly tottering
to its fall. I repeat, this is the case through-
out the free States, but I do not include
among the free States of this Union those
unhappy States in which the principles and
forms of free government have been abolished
by act of Congress. Radical emancipation has
in those States worked marvelous results.
They were called slave States before the war
because of the servitude of their negro popu-
lation. Bat what else are they now with their
four million black freedmen, so called, and
theiq ten million subjugated and subordi-
nated whites? Ten of them are military prov-
inces without the semblance of State rights
and without any remnant of civil liberty except
that which they hold by the grace of a military
dictator; and withoutrepresentatiou upon this
floor.
The remaining one of the eleven States origin-
ally excluded has, it is true, a delegation here
claiming to represent her people ; but how and
by whom elected, and upon what conditions
of party vassalage admitted here it is not now
Hecessary to mention.
i In States like these alone, where negroes
have possession of the polls aijd white men
are disfranchised because they will not vote
the ticket nor support the policy dictated by
Congress—in such States it is that Radicalism
continues to flourish. Everywhere else it is
undergoing the process of popular repudiation.
The people had trusted the Republican
1 party as no party had been ever trusted by
them before, till the spirit of Radicalism,
drunk with power and irrad with the unhal-
! lowed lust for endless party plunder, at-
tempted, in the sacred name of " Union," to
i destroy the Constitution.
I The love for the Union is strong in the
| breasts of the American people. Their sacri-
fices for its preservation in the war for the
suppression of the rebellion were greater than
those which any people had ever before en-
dured lor the perpetuation of their Govern-
1 ment. But it was not empire alone for which
they fought and suffered, nor a barren stretch
of territory divided into discordant States;
they loved and gloried in the Union because
it was the bulwark of the Constitution, and
because the perpetuity of the one is essential
to the perpetuation of the other. After having
successfully defended the outwo ks of consti-
tutional liberty Congress may be assured that
the people will not now surrender to them the
citadel itself.
The people are beginning to see that we are
in the midst of a second rebellion even more
dangerous than the first. That was waged to
divide the States; but this to enslave the peo-
ple. The first came in the shape of aimed
secession ; but this steals upon us in the form
of legislative usurpation.
The confederates made for themselves a new
constitution modeled after the old; but the
Radicals repudiate the old Constitution and
provide no other substitute than the unbridled
will of a partisan Congress. In vain did the
people pour out their blood and treasure for
the suppression of the first treason if the last
is to triumph.
The struggle between the President and Con-
gress for the past two years has been nothing
less than a continued defense of the Constitu-
tion by the Executive against oft-repeated acts
of usurpation by Congress.
Congress assumes the ground that it can
legislate for States and reconstruct the Union
"outside of the Constitution." The Presi-
dent has always held, and has in his last mes-
sage to Congress reaffirmed, that—
" The Union and the Constitution are inseparable,
and as long as one i3 oheyed by all parties the other
will bo preserved, and if one is destroyed both mast
perish together."
Let us see upon what professions of principles
and under what pledges to the American people
the Republican party came into power.
I will read the following passages from the
platform of the Republican party adopted by
them in their national convention assembled at
Chicago in May, 18G0, which nominated Abra-
ham Lincoln for the presidency, and upon the
faith of which he was elected. 1 ask the earnest
attention of the House to these reminiscences
of promises broken and trust betrayed:
"Second. That the maintenance of the Federal
