120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February f,
Ho. of Reps.
Report on Southern Itaibroads.
40th Cons....2'd Sess.
Certified to Alabama, May, 1859, and January,
1801—
(1.) Undor act of May 1/. 18d6—
1. For Alabama and Florida road, acres... 894,522.99
2. IJndcrsame act,for Alabama and len-
ncssee road, acres     4-KvUU.ib
f'2.) Under act of 3d J une, 1856—
1. For Northwestern rend Southwestern '
. roatf, aQiee ...-   
2. Tor Coosa and Tennessee road., acres... 6<,<84.96
3. For Will's Valley road, acres  471,920.57
4. For Mobile and Girai d road, asres........ 504,148.86
Tot&l.to Alabama, acies   :  1,868,610.12
Certified to Mississippi,.September, 1859, under act
of AugUst 11,1856—
For Southern railroad,.acres  171,550.00
Certified to Louisiana, October, 1859, and January,
1861, under act of 3d June, 1856—
1. For VieksB-urg and $hrev©port road,
acres        353,211. i0
2. For New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great ^
Western road, acres :  719,193.75
To.taJ. to Louisiana  1,072,405.45
Recapitulation.
To Florida  1,760,46S,39
To Alabama.!  1,868,610.12
To Mississippi  171,550.00
To Louisiana  1,0<2,40;>.45
Total approved to all southorn States... 4,973,033.96
There being none approved to Arkansas undor the
acts referred to.
Mr. JULIAN resumed tbe floor.
'Mr. TNGrERSOLL. If the gentleman-will
yield to me, I will move that the House ad-
journ, as it is getting late.
Mr. BLAINE. Let the previous question
be seconded before we adjourn.
Mr. JULIAN. I am willing to go on now
ifthe House wishes it. [Cries of " Go on."]
Mr. 1NGEESOLL. The best way to see if
the House wishes it is to let the motion to
adjourn be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We are
very anxious to hear tlie speech of the gentle-
man from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the time occupied in putting the motion to
adjourn will come out of the time of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well; I will proceed
now and will not occupy much farther time.
But it is further objected to the passage of
this bill that the great want of the people of
these States is education, knowledge, and this
point was particulaily emphasized by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] tbe other
day. He argues that if you give a man edu-
cation he will know how to acquire a home-
stead. Mr. Speaker, I agree that an educated
man will be much abler to acquire a home and to
« make his way through the world than one who
is without education; 1 concede that, of course.
But in the name of decency I ask how are the
landless poor of the South, who, as I have
already shown, are at the mercy of the rebels,
to acquire an education ? That is the previous
question before this House, and I beg that it
may be remembered.
"It is idle," says a leading London news-
paper, " to talk of secular education, itis idle to
talk of religious instruction, while the great
mass of the people have no homes. How are
we to teach, how are we to instruct; what can
the schoolmaster achieve, what the preacher,
when the intellects which the one would ele-
vate and the hearts which the other would
teach are left to the cruel training of the
streets." Sir, the immediate want of the peo-
ple of these States is not education, but homes.
They need their natural rights. Education and
morality and the soundest orthodox preaching
will be palliatives at best. They want inde-
pendent homesteads, and breadf^as the begin-
ning and grand condition precedent of all other
blessings. As I argued on this floor years ago,
"Labor must be rendered honorable, and gain-
ful by securing to the laborer the fruits of his
toil. Instead of the spirit of caste and the law
of hate, which have so long blasted these
regions, we must build up homogeneous com-
munities in. which the interest of each will be
recognized as the interest of all. Instead of an
overshadowing .aristocracy, founded on the
monopoly of the soil, and its dominion over tbe
poor, we must have no order of nobility hot
that of the laboring masses of the country, who
fight its battles in war and constitute its glory
aud its strength in peaee."
Sir, I agree with thegentleman from Michigan
that the poor should be taugh'tto help them-
selves ; and to this very end I would, as far
as possible, secure to every poor mau a home.
Just so far as this can be done will the way
be opened for the establishment of common
schools and the education of the whole peo-
ple ; but it is nonsense to talk about general
education when the policy of independent
homesteads, guarded by law, is superseded by
the monopoly of the soil in the hands of a few.
Why, sir, look at England, where a single
landholder can mount his horse in front of his
dwelling and ride a hundred miles in a straight
line to the sea on his own land; and not only
owning the soil, but the laborers who till it,
and governing them according to his absolute
will. This system of English serfdom is scarcely
less galling than was our own system of chattel
slavery ; .and it must be broken up as the pre-
liminary to any educational policy which can
really reach the mass of the people. The land-
less millions of England must have their God-
given right to homes upon her soil; and just
so far as this shall be done will education be
brought within the reach of the people.
Sir, to taunt these helpless loyalists of the
South, as has been done by gentlemen on this
floor, to say to the poor freeaman down there
that all he wants is to learn liow to take care of
himself, is to trample justice and humanity
under our feet. It is to insult those who have
no power to resent what we do. It is like tell-
ing a drowning man, gasping for lile, that his
duty is to learn how to save himself instead of
throwing out a plank for his rescue. The loyal
millions of the South, who have been true to
the Government under the greatest of trials and
sufferings, deserve to be met ill quite a differ-
ent spirit. We have no right to exhort them
to take care of themselves while we systemat-
ically withhold from thein the means of assert-
ing their rights as American citizens.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not propose, in view of the
present temper of this House and the lateness
of the hour, to prolong this argument further.
1 intended to do so, but 1 trust it is not neces-
sary. The simple question is, as 1 have said,
between rebel corporations on the one hand
and loyal settlers on the other, as to who shall
possess and control four or five million acres
of land. That is the issue; and to say that you
will discriminate in iavorof the rebel corpora-
tions at the expense of these loyal settlers is to
go counter to the whole policy of Congress for
the last six or seven years. That policy has been
to discriminate on the side of loyalty; and iL is
just as needful that we should break up these
rebel corporations as it was to break up the rebel
State governments of the South. The power of
a rebel railioad corporation may be less than
the power of a rebel State government, or it may
be greater, but both should be dismantled, and
for precisely the sam  reasons; and I am
astonished that gentlemen on this side of the
House should be so ready to rush into tbe
service of these corporations, at the expense
and in forgetfulness of the rigbts.of loyal men,
and of the record they have made here since
the beginning of the late war.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him one more question ?
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would be
glad to know of the gentleman whether these
railroad corporations are not now in the hands
of men who, if they continue to control these
lands, will refuse to allow any of them to go
into the hands of the freedmen of the South
Mr. JULIAN. I can certainly answer that
question in the affirmative, and have already
submitted proofs of it. Those corporations,
with perhaps one or two exceptions,.are in the
hands of the enemies of the loyal people of the
South, the enemies of reconstruction, the ene-
mies of the Government ; and as evidence of
that fact I had read by the Clerk the other day
the official statement of Captain Hamill, trans-
mitted to this House by General Grant, showing
that during the war all the machinery of thes«
infernal organizations was wielded incessantly
on the side of the rebellion. That fact is
shown also by the testimony taken by the com-
mittee on southern railroads, which is now
placed on the desks of members.
The policy of these corporations has been
that .of the rebel element generally, that of
oppression, misrule, and starvation^ as means
of swerving loyal men from their faith. This
I have shown already, and in the very nature
of things it must be the fact. It is a part of the
logic of baffled treason.
Mr. Speaker, having indicated what I think
and how I feel on^this question, let me say one
word respecting a motion which I understand
is to be made, and then I will submit the ques-
tion to the judgment of the House. I learn
that a motion is to be made by some gentleman
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
recommitment of this bill, which motion, if
carried, would send the bill back to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands and kill it; for I say
to this House (and I know something about the
order of its business) that if the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table and the bill is
thus recommitted there will be no hope of its
resurrection during this Congress, or at lea?t
during the present session. It has been whis-
pered to me that the interests of the Repub-
lican party require that we should postpone
action on this subject till December, and I
know that that is the object of the motion. So
far as that issue is concerned, let me say that
I would a hundred times rather shoulder the
responsibility of giviugliomes to these landless
loyalists than vote down the proposition in the
interest of rebels, or for any reason that has
been given to this House. Let us do right, and
not fear that the heavens will fall as the result.
As to tlie motion to lay on the table, I ask gen-
tlemen to take notice of what I again repeat,
that to lay on the table is to defeat the bill.
The country shall be advertised of that fact, and
I am sure will not be misled respecting it.
T now demand the previous question.
It was seconded, and the bill was passed.
REPORT
of
THE SELECT COMMITTEE
os-
southern railroads..
In the House of Representatives,
February 7. 1868.
Mr. McCLURG, from the select Committee
on Southern Railroads, submitted the following
REPORT:
The select Committee on Southern Railroads
respectfully report progress as follows:
They were appointed in pursuance of the
following resolution, of date 27th March last:
'[Resolved, That the Speaker be requested to reap-
point the select Committee on Southern Railroads, to
■whom shall be referred the evidence takeu by said
committee during the Thirty-Xinth Congress, "with
power to send for persons and papers and to report
during the next session of Congress, and the Speaker
II to fill any vacancies that there may be on  uid uoixi-
jl nnttee."
i| The reappointment of the committee im-
j; posed upon them the duties and conferred ths
; powers of the committee of the Tbirty-Nititk
1 Congress which had not concluded the invest-
