1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr  GONKLING presented the memorial
of Lawrence F. Frazee, praying for the adop-
tion of his metallic life-boat in the marine ser-
vice of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS 0E COMMITTEES.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
357) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Wyoming,- reported it with
amendments.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 201) in relation
to the Rock Island bridge, reported it with
amendments.
REPORTS ON THE PARIS EXPOSITION.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom waa referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 88) for the publication of the reports
of the commission of the United States to the
Paris Exposition, have directed me to report a
simple resolution of the Senate in lieu of the
original joint resolution. I ask for the present
consideration of the resolution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State foe, and ho is
hereby, authorized to have the reports of the com-
missioners of the United States to the Paris Exposi-
tion printed at the Congressional Printing Ofiieo and
laid before the Senate in a printed form, and that,
in addition to the usual number, thercshall be printed
four thousand extra copies for the use of the Senate,
and fifteen hundred extra copies for the use of the
State Department, the rcportsto be bound separately
or together, as the Secretary of State may direct.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
410) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and construction of certain pub-
lic works in the Territory of Idaho, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 411) for the relief of John Robb; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 412) to promote uniformity
of coinage between the moneys of the United
States and other countries; which was read
twice by its title) referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
413) granting a pension to Mrs. Sallie Griffin ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
SIOUX DEPREDATIONS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be di-
rected to report to the Senate the names of the sev-
eral claimants for indemnity for depredations by the
Sioux Indians in Minnesota under the aet of Febru-
ary 16, 1863, whose claims were unadjudieated upon by
the board of commissioners appointed undersaid act,
■with the amount and character of the respective
olaims.
TAXES ON INCOMES AND MANUFACTURES.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance are
hereby directed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing all laws imposing taxes on incomes and all
laws imposing taxes on manufactures.
ALBERT GRANT.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of SenatebillNo. 367.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 367) for the relief of Albert Grant was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appropri-
ate the sum of $30,000 to Albert Grant, in full
satisfaction of all demands against the United
States on account of the construction of build-
ings numbered 29, 30, and 31, at the Norfolk
navy-yard, by Albert Grant and H. A. Pierce,
who were partners doing business under the
name and style of A. Grant & Co.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. CoLE-on the 17th of February:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Albert Grant, submit the following
report:
During the rebellion certain buildings at the Nor-
folk navy-yard were destroyed.
An appropriation having been made to rebuild
them, tho Navy Department in April, 1866, adver-
tised for sealed proposals for the work, designating
the buidings by numbers, as they are designated in
the law making the appropriation. Among the
buildings to be erected were ISfos. 29, 30, and 31.
The dimensions of these buildings are not given in
the advertisement, but persons desiring to bid wore
invited to visit tho yard at Norfolk, and there see
the plans and specifications.
Seven bids to construct building 29, and six for
each of tho other two, 30 and 31, were handed in>. Of
thoso the bids of A. Grant & Co., a firm then'eom-
posed of Albert Grant, the petitioner, and II. A.
Pierce, were the lowest. Their bids for these three
buildings amounted to $75,000. The highest bid for
tho same buildings was $214,735 36. The average of
the bids was $136,296 97. Tho next to the lowest was
that of Gibbons, and was $104,946 31; and the next
lowest but one, that of Evans & Tcemeyer, $134,300.
A. Grant & Co.'s bids were mado under a misap-
prehension as to the dimensions of the buildings.
At the time of bidding they supposed these buildings
were to bo only two hundred feet in length, whereas,
in fact, they wero required to bo four hundred feet.
The mistake occurred in this way: the'only person
on behalf of the firm of Grant & Co. who visited the
navy-yard at Norfolk, to examine tho plans and es-
timate upon the work, was A. Grant himself, and his
visit was made only two or three days, including a
Sunday, before the proposals were to be opened in
Washington.
It was his intention to bid on other buildings of the
yard besides those abovo mentioned, and with that
view he obtained from Alexander AVorrali, the Gov-
ernment civil engineer in charge of this business at
the yard, theplansandspecilieationsforthecntrance
buildings, so called, and the carpontor shop; the
former being numbered 19 and 37, and tho latter
 , which specifications he took to his room on
Saturday, with the understanding that on Monday
he should bo furnished the plans and specifications
for buildings Nos. 29, 30, and 31.
Before Monday Grant suffered an attack of epilepsy,
and was so ill that he could not, and did not, see the
plans and specifications of buildings Nos. 29, 30, and
31 at all, not in any manner learn their true length
before bidding. But when receiving the plans and
specifications for the carpenter shop, which building
wasonly two hundred feet: in length, hewasinformed
by tho engineer, Worrall, inadvertently, as Worrall
alleges, that these buildings were all of the samo
dimensions, and of such similarity of construction
that the plans of one would be sufficient upon which
to estimate for all.
After the bids had been opened and the contracts
awarded Grant & Co. learned the mistake into which
they had fallen as to tho size of the buildings, and
sought, but in vain, to be relieved from their obliga-
tion, and to have tlieirguarantors discharged. They
were, however, held to a strict performance of their
agreement, and they completed the buildings to the
entire satisfaction of tho Navy Department—and
better, as it appears, than another building of the
samo dimensions as each one of these, No.28, which
cost the Government, by day's labor, $78,500 96, or
S3,500 96 more than Grant & Co.'s bid for ail three of
those erected by them.
The interest of A. Grant & Co. in this demand has
been assigned to Albert Grant, the petitioner, who,
the committee believe, will only be saved from actual
loss by tho payment to him of the additional sum of
$30,000,
And the committee herewith report a bill accord-
ingly.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire whether there
is any evidence on file to sustain this state-
ment, and whether the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks has been consulted in regard
to it, and whether his opinion on the subject is
on record here.
Mr. COLE. I will state that the matter has
been before the Navy Department, and they
have considered it fully; and the evidence,
such as the member from Iowa calls for, which
I think is very full and complete, is with the
papers in the case. There is the affidavit of the
Government engineer in charge of the works
at the yard at the time, together with a copy of
his official letter, and many other papers, show-
ing that there was a clear misunderstanding on
the part of Mr. Grant at the time the contract
was let, under which he labored, as to the size
of the buildings. The time that was allowed
to him to examine the building was so brief
that he did not succeed in making a personal
investigation of the ruins of the yard before he
had to come to Washington and make his bids,
if he would bid at all. There is, in my opinion,
a great deal of merit in this claim. Mr. Grant
will be ruined pecuniarily if he is not afforded
the relief that is proposed by the bill. The bill
is based upon the fact of his having been mis-
led by the Government engineer. The specifi-
cations that were furnished him as to a certain
building he was led to believe were a sufficient
basis upon which he could act in estimating for
the buildings that were to be erected under the
advertisement. I think the papers on file in
the case are very full and complete, substan-
tiating the statements that are set forth in the
report of the committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OP AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate at this time to offer and have
laid- on the table an amendment which I intend
to propose to Senate bill No. 363, defining the
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States
in certain cases, when it comes up for consid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered.
TAXATION OF SCHOOL PROPERTY.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 389.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 389) exempting prop-
erty in the District of Columbia held and used
for school purposes from local taxation. It
provides that all real and personal property in
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, now or hereafter
to be held by the trustees of colored schools for
those cities for the use of colored schools, shall
be, so long as they are held for that purpose,
exempt from local taxation ; and it is not to be
lawful for the authorities of either of the cities
to collect any tax that may have have accrued
or been levied or assessed against any of such
property since the trustees acquired the title to
or right to occupy or use it for school purposes.
And all real and personal property in the
county of Washington, District of Columbia,
outside the limits of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, now or hereafter to be held
and used for school purposes, so long as it is
so held, also to be exempt from taxation ; and
it is not to be lawful for the authority of the
county to collect any tax that may have accrued
or been levied or assessed against any of such
property since it was acquired forandhas been
held or used for school purposes.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with three amendments. The
first amendment was in line four, afterthe word
"or" to insert "under the school laws of said
District."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, after
the word "cities" to insert the words "in
trust."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen,
after the word "used" to insert the words "as
aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
LANDS ALONG THE PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 060.
