1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2645
adopted a resolution, the preamble of which
reads as follows :
44 Whereas information has come to the managers
•which .seems to them to furnish probable cause to
belijjve that improper or corrupt means have been
used to influence the determination of the Senate upon
the articles of impeachment exhibited to the Senate
by the House of Representatives against the Presi-
dent of the United States: Therefore,'' <fcc.
The day before yesterday, after the impeach-
ment had ended in the Senate, the House
adopted a resolution that the managers as a
committee shall be empowered and directed
to continue the investigation ordered by the
House on the 16th instant, with all the powers
and rights conferred thereby to make such full
investigation as to determine the truth of the
matters and facts set forth in the preamble and
resolution. The preamble refers to one sub-
ject and one subject alone, and that is alleged
corrupt means used to influence the Senate
upon impeachment then pending before that
body. A case of contempt arises and a reso-
lution is offered growing out of the refusal of
a witness to testify as to alleged corruption.
The committee had no right to consider any
question except as to alleged corruption touch-
ing the impeachment. If they had exceeded
that they would have been subject to the cen-
sure of the House ; and the Chair then ruled
that there could be no dilatory motion.
Mr. NIBLACK. This resolution does not
pertain to impeachment, but to setting apart a
room for recusant witnesses.
The SPEAKER. This witness refused to
testify on a matter referred to this committee.
The question was taken on ordering the main
question; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 79, nays 22, not voting 88; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arneli, Delos R.
Ashley, Bcaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Broomall,Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke. Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb. Coburn, Covode, Culloin, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester 1). Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Judd, Julian, Ketcham. Koontz. George Y. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Malloiy, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins,
Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pol-
sley, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Tnfte, Taylor, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Ilorn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Ward, Wclker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Windoin—179.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnes, Beck, Boyer, Burr, Cary,
Chauler, Getz, Goliaday, Haight, llotchkiss, John-
son, Kerr, Knott, McCormick, Morgan, Niblack,
Nicholson, Stewart, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken. and Wood—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Brorci-
well, Brooks, Buckland, Cake,Cook. Cornell, Dawes,
Donnelly, Eckley, Ela, Eidndge, Eliot. Farniworth,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glosibienner, Gravf/y, Gris-
woi.l, Grover, Hawkins, Ilolrnan. Asahe' W.Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey,
Jones, Kelley, Kelaey, Kitchen, Laiiin, William
Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCullough, Moms^ey, Man-
gen, Myers, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Piujn, Randall,, Robertson, Robin-
son, Ross, Schenck, Scofitld, Shanks, Sitgioaves,
Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Tabcr,
Thomas, Twiohell, Van Aernam, Van Trump. Van
Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ehhu B. Wash-
burn^, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge,
and Woodwaid—38.
So the mam question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the motion.
Mr. KERR. Inasmuch as the resolution
does not relate to impeachment or to the con-
duct of this witness, I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers On the
resolution,
Mr. ORTH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURR moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
The question was taken: and there were—
yeas 4, nays 82, not voting 103 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Barnes, Burr, Hotehkiss, and John-
son—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arneli, Delos R.
Ashley, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Broomall, Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullora, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Feiriss, Ferry,.Fields, Halsey, Harding,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Ketcham,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Mallory,McCarthy,McClurg. Alercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Ncwcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pile, Polsley,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Selye, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens. Stokes, Taile, Taylor,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, vVelker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Win-
dom—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam?, Anderson. Archer,
James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Boutwell, Boycr,
Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Cake, Cary, Chanler.
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Eckley,
Eggle&ion, Ela, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Finney,
Fox, Garfield, Getz.Glossbrermer, Goliaday,Gravely,
Griswold, Grover, Haight, Hawkins,Holman, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hum-
phrey, Jones, lvellcy, Kclsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott,
Laflin, William Lawrence, Lough udge.Marshall, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McCormick, McCul lough, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mungcn, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn,
Peters, Phelps, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Ross, Schenck, Sco field, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus
Stevons, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Twichell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ehliu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—103.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROSS stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Ingersoll.
Mr. CHANLER said that his colleague, Mr.
Taber, had been called away suddenly by
sickness in his family.
Mr. NEWCOMB said that his colleague, Mr.
Gravely, was sick.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. BUTLER moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the motion; the rule prohibits him
from entertaining it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The rule authorizes a
call of the House whenever a quorum is not
found to be present.
Mr, WARD. Suppose there is a quorum
and gentlemen do not answer?
The SPEAKER. That is a subject of con-
tempt of the House, contempt of its rules.
Mr. WARD. I believe there is a quorum
present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
stated that gentlemen who refuse to vote are
in contempt of the House, subject, of course,
to the action of the House.
The motion for a call of the Ilouse was
agreed to.
The roll was then called: find the following ;
members failed to answer to their names: \
Messrs. Adams. Anderson, James if. Ashley, Ax-
Griswold.Grover, Hawkins, Holman,Asahel W.Hub ,
bard, Riehaid D. Iiubbnid, Ilulburd, Humphrey, :
Jones, Kelley, Kel<ey, Kitchen, Laflin, Marshall, ;
Marvin, Maynard, MeCullough, Moorhead, Morns- 1
scy.Mungen, Nunn, Peters, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,Scotield,Shanks, Shella-
barger. Sitgrea\es, Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Taber, Thomas, Twichell, Van Aernam. Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu
B. Wa&hburne, Henry 1). Washburn, William B.
Washburn. James F. Wilson, Stephen I1. Wilson,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Woodward.
The SPE AKE R. One hundred and thirteen
members have answered to their names, being
a quorum.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to that.
The question was put, and it appeared to be
carried.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
that the House take a recess till to-morrow at
some time?
Ihe SPEAKER. It is not, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not by unanimous
consent?
Mr. LOGAN and several others objected.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 60, not voting
100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Beaman, Blair, Cary,
Churchill, Dixon, Ela, Fields, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Ketcham, Lincoln, Loan,McClurg,
Mercur, Moorhead, Myers, Pile, Price, Raum, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Welker, William Williams, and John T. Wilson—29.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Archer, Arneli,
Delos R. Ashley. Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Boyer,
Broomall,Burr, Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Cullom, Dodge,Donnelly,Eggleston, Ferriss,
Ferry, Halsey, Harding, Higby. Hill, Hopkins,
Hotehkiss, Chester D. Ilubbard, Hunter, Johnson,
Judd, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,-William Law-
ience, Logan, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Nicholson, O'Neill. Orth,
Paino, Perham, Polsley. Selye. Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Tafte, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, and Thomas Wil-
liams—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Ashlej, Axteil, Bailey, Baldwin. Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Brooks, Buckland, Cake, Chanler. Reader W.
Clarke. Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Driggs." Eckley, Eld-
iidgc, Eliot, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox,Garfield, Getz,
Glossbrenrier, Goliaday. Gravely, Griswold.Grover,
Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard. Ilulburd, Humphrey, Jones,
Kelley,ICelsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin,Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCormick,Me-
Cullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungcn, Newcomb,
Niblack, Nunn, Peters.Phelps,Pike, Plants, Poland,
Pomeroy. Pruvri, Randall, Robinson. Ross, Scofieid,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Thomas, TwichtUl, Van Aernam, Van Auken,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump. Van Wyek, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James F. Wil-
son. Stephen F. Wilson. Windom, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—100.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The roll having been
called twice, the Doorkeeper will now close the
doors, including the doors of the cloak-rooms,
and the Clerk will call the names of the ab-
sentees for excuses.
The Clerk proceeded to call the names of the
absentees.
George M. Adams. No excuse offered.
George W. Anderson.
Mr. VAN FIORN, of Missouri. Mr. Ander-
son is absent by the leave of the House.
James M. Ashley. No excuse offered.
Samt-el B. Axtell.
Mr. tilGBY. Mr. Axtell is absent by the
leave of the House.
Alexander II. Bailey.
Mr. MCCARTHY. My colleague, Mr. Bai-
ley, has leave of absence.
John D. Baldwin. No excuse offered.
• Nathaniel P. Banks. No excuse offered.
William II. Barnum. No excuse offered,
John F. Benjamin.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Benjamin is absent by the
leave of the House.
Georgi: S. Boutwell. No excuse offered.
Henry P. II. Bromwell. Noexcuseoffered,
Ralph P. Buckland.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. Buckland is ab-
sent by leave of the Ilouse.
Henry L. Cake. No excuse offered.
Reader W. Clarke. No excuse offered.
Burton C. Cook.
j Mr. JUDD. 1 believe Mr. Cook is absent
I by leave of the House.
i The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman know
j that he has leave? The Chair does not re-
I member.
I Mr. JUDD. That is my impression.
The SPEAKER. The clerks are under the
l impression that he has leave of absence.
