1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOHE.
S87
0 xn<vtution !■= essential to the preservation of our
ir.-ui iustitutious, and shall be preserved.
# # $ i# ******
" t'juith. That tho maintenance inviolate of the
rights ' the States, anl especially the rights ot each
State to or tor and control its own domestic mstitu-
uous atvordin^1 to its own judgment exclusively. is
vjjcntial tu the balance of power on wliu'h tue per-
ioct'.ou uml cTuluraiu'eof her political faith depends.
So said, proclaimed, aad^ published the Re-
puV.iean National Couveution of ISOiX _
Since the publication of those j)iinciples
there have been three distinct eras ot advance
toward their complete betrayal and overthrow ,
by the party which professed to adopt them.
The drsi dates anterior to the war, and may !
be deviated as the era of the " higher law." ,j
Tins was in the days of personal liberty bills,
underground railroads, and John Brown raids.
The second era arose during the war, and may |
be termed the era of •'military necessity."
This was in the days of Seward's -i little bell,''
when printing presses were destroyed ; when
arrests were m&de without process of law;
when there were convictions without trial,
imprisonments without an accuser ; and when
every man's liberty was at the disposal of Gen-
eral La Fayette C. Baker !
The third era has arisen since the war, and
may be characterized as the era of Radical
'• reconstruction." This is the day of Freed-
inen's Bureaus, negro equality, and military
dictatorships.
During these three eras of Republican gov-
ernment the sappers apd miners at work
against the bulwarks of the Constitution rapidly
suivauced their operations until all was nearly
ready lor the final assault, when the people at
last came to the rescue of their owu institu-
tions."
I have no time to dwell upon details, but
only to notice several of the recent leading
measures of Congress, which, like jjie mile-
stones planted by the highway, measure the
advance toward the point of destination.
The supplemental Freedmeu's Bureau bill
passed in this House February 6, 1866, which
was vetoed by the President, and which after-
ward failed to become a law by not obtaining
the constitutional majority in the Senate, pro-
vided for the establishment of military juris-
diction over all parts of the United States in
which refugees or freedmen were to be found.
The civil rights bill, which was also vetoed
by the President on the 27th of March, I860,
but was afterward passed by a two-thirds vote
through both Houses of Congress, declares
that all negroes and mulattoes born in this
country shall be citizens of the United States ;
repeals all State laws relating to person or
property founded on any distinctions of race
or color. It vests exclusive jurisdiction to try
all offenses against this law in the Federal
courts, and subjects to fine and imprisonment
those who under color of any State law shall
disobey its mandates. It does this in terms
which include even the judge upon the bench
who should venture to decide according to his
judgment and conscience against the consti-
tutionality of the act.
For the purpose of enforcing its execution it
provides, moreover, that the military and naval
forces of the United States shall be employed.
President Johnson, in summing up in his veto
message the nature of the act, truly character-
izes it as follows:
" In all oar hietory, in all our experience as a peo-
ple living under Federal and State law, no such sys-
tem as that contemplated by the details of this bill
has ever before been proposed or adopted. They
establish for the security of the colored race safe-
guards which go infinitely beyond any that theGen-
eral Government has ever before provided for the
■white race. In fact the distinction of race and color
is by the bill made to operate in favorof the colored
and againftthe white race. They interfere with the
municipal legislation of the States, with the relations
existing- exclusively between a State and its citizens
or between inhabitants of the same State, an absorp-
tion and assumption of power by tho General Gov-
ernment which if acquiesced in must separate and
destroy our federative system of limited powers and
break down the barriers which preserve the rights
of the States. It is another step or rather stride
toward centralization find of concentration of all
legislative powers in the General Government."
But Congress, as if conscious that in the civil
rights bill it had transcended its constitutional j
authority, incorporated the principles of the !
act in a proposed constitutional amendment,
which passed the House on the 18th of June.
Mid was transmitted to the States for
ratification. It provides for the complete
equality of the races, and makes negroes, mu-
lattoes, and Chinamen, if born in this country,
not only citizens of the United States, but also
citizens of the several States in which they
respectively reside. It prohibits the several
States from passing any law to abridge the
E1 rm4eges and immunities of these persons,
nt confers upon Congress unlimited powers
: of legislation for the enforcement of the new
| article. Doubtless' under this amendment, if
i adopted, its authors will find room for ample
i jurisdiction on the part of Congress to enforce
! the complete equality of the races in political
1 rights, and the extension of negro suffrage to
all the States, anything in the laws of tiny State
to the contrary notwithstanding ; nay, without
the help of the constitutional amendment a bill
for that end is even now pending before Con-
gress. After it became apparent that the Afri-
canization of the southern ■States and their
complete subjection to Radical dominion could
not be accomplished by an amendment of the
Constitution in the ordinary way, Congress
relaxed nothing of its predetermination to ac-
complish these results. The apparent indorse-
ment of their former measures at the popular
elections at the North in the fall of 1866 em-
boldened them to attempt by direct and open
usurpation outside of the Constitution that
which they had foiled otherwise to effect. From
this originated the military reconstruction act,
so called, passed March % 1867, and its sev-
eral supplements.
i From the date these acts went into opera-
i tion free government in the ten excluded States
: ceased to exist. Never was there an act of
! i wholesale tyranny perpetrated by any legisla-
: tive body with so little excuse. Two years had
nearly elapsed since the bloody lfinrels of the
war were ours. When the surrender of the
armies of Lee and Johnston was made known,
with that adaptability for self-government so
characteristic of the white people of America,
peace and order by common consent resumed
their accustomed sway. Immediate steps were
successfully taken everywhere to reorganize
I the civil governments of the former confed-
erate States in subordination to the Federal
authority. On the 29th of May, 1865, was
issued the menrorable proclamation of Presi-
dent Johnson establishing the provisional gov-
ernment of North Carolina. That proclama-
tion embodied the plan which just before the
death of Mr. Lincoln had been agreed npon
by himself and his Cabinet as applicable to the
situation of affairs. This immediately restored
the State of North Carolina to its relations
with all the departments of the Federal Gov-
ernment for the enforcement of all the laws
' of the United States.
| In the following month similar provisional
' governments were established in the States of
Mississippi, Georgia, Texas, Alabama, and
South Carolina. Governments were in like
manner organized throughout the others, and
in all of them a ready obedience was yielded
to Federal jurisdiction. In all of them sla-
; very was abolished, the ordinances of seces-
! sion repealed, and the rebel debt repudiated.
1 All of them manifested an anxiety to conform
to all the reasonable demands of the General
Government, and to be restored as early as
practicable to all their former relations in obe-
1 drence to its laws.
For this work, so early begun and so auspi-
ciously completed by the President, he has
; been threatened with impeachment; but not
before Congress had waited nearly two years
to take advantage of what he had done, and
i to build upon it their own superstructure for
I the perpetuation of their own party domina-
tion. If the provisional governments so estab-
lished were not lawful or proper it was the
plain duty of the Thirty-Nintn Congress to
act promptly upon its first assembling by the
substitution of other and better governments
in their stead. But Congress took no action
in that direction until at the close of its sec-
ond session. Afterward, by lapse of time and
by tacit permission and direct recognition by
Congress, those governments became govern-
ments of the people de jure as well as govern-
ments de facto.
Much argument has been wasted npon the
question whether the President or Congress
had the authority to establish these govern-
ments. 1 answer neither had tho authority
after the restoration of peace except in aid of
the people themselves. Aided by the Presi-
dent in the beginning the people themselves
did the work, and they did it in loyal submis-
i sion to the Constitution and the laws.
j All that then remained to complete the per-
I feet restoration of the Union was the admis-
| sion to seats in Congress of loyal representa-
j tives duly elected by the people of their re'
spective districts, and duly qualified and bear-
ing the regular certificates of election from
their several States.
Such was the policy of the President; but
such was not the policy of Congress. Why it
was not tho policy of Congress let the polit-
ical history of the past two years furnish the
explanation—let the political necessities of
the Republican party explain the motive.
I agree that if the leaders of the Republican
parly could have seen their way clear to the
perpetuation of their power by measures at
least in apparent conformity to the Constitu-
tion they would not have adopted a policy of
so-oaUed reconstruction manifestly rrtid avow-
edly outside of plain constitutional prohibi-
tions and in open violation of its most sacred
guarantees. But tho defeat of their proposed
amendment of the Constitution for that end
made the accomplishment of their object im-
possible by other than unconstitutional legisla-
tion. The courage and the conscience for such
an undertaking were not wanting.
I thank the chairiflan of the Committee
on Reconstruction, the veteran leader of this
i! House, for his timely letter of the 26th of
| August, in which he revealed the crime of
j Congress against the Constitution with a de-
j greeof courage and candor which half redeems
the guilt of his participation :
!: "Some of the members of tho Senate [says the
letter] seemed to doubttheir power under tho Con-
■ stitutiou which they had just repudiated, and wholly
! outside of which all agreed we were acting; else our
ji whole work of reconstruction wa3 usurpation."
This was a well-timed confession from high
authority, much needed then by the voters of
the northern States, who did not fail to rally
fo.r the rescue of the Constitution so imper-'
iledand in support of its " elected defender."
If time permitted it might be instructive to
present au estimate of the present and pro-
spective cost of congressional reconstruction.
The President informs us in his message that
it has already cost uncounted millions, and if
persisted iu may eventually bankrupt the na-
tional Treasury. He tells us that the sum
which must be annually thrown away in the
maintenance of negro governments at the South,
if properly husbatided, would form a sinking
fund sufficient to pay the national debt in fit-
teen years. _ _ .
These are weighty considerations for the
national creditor, as well as the national tax-
payers. ...
The sacrifices demanded of the nation to
sustain the policy of Congress are too peril-
ous and costly to be made for the sake of any
party by a free and enlightened people.
TAXING NATIONAL BONDS.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, several days
since I introduced a resolution looking to the
taxation of national bonds, and I propose now
to make some brief remarks upon it. I prefer
doing this now, because when the revenue bill
comes before the House for action the brief
time' allowed for discussion will not permit the
exhibition of this proposition in its true light.
I shall then ask a vote upon it; and unless
something better is suggested meanwhile to
