2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Thomas Cornell.
Mr. LINCOLN. I think that my colleague,
Mr. Cornell, has indefinite leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under that
impression.
Hentrt L. Dawes. No excuse offered.
Ephraim R. Eckley.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague, I believe,
•has leave of absence. He is not in the city.
Thomas D. Eliot.
The SPEAKER. Leave of absence was
granted to Jlr. Eliot to-day.
John J. Faiinswortii.
Mr. HARDING. My colleague, Mr. Farns-
wortii, is absent on leave, on account of
indisposition.
A Member. Ho was here to-day.
The SPEAKER. He lias indefinite leave of
absence on account of illness.
Darwin A. Fisnky. No excuse offered.
John* Fox. No excuse offered.
James A. Garfield. No excuse offered.
Adam J. Qi.ossbrenner. No excuse offered.
Josefh J. Gravely.
Mr. NEWCOMB. My colleague, Mr. Grave-
ly, is detained from the House by sickness.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John A. Griswold. No excuse offered.
A. P. Gkovbb, No excuse offered.
Isaac R. Hawkins.
Mr. STOKES. My colleague, Mr. Hawk-
ins, has leave of absence.
William S. IIolman.
Mr. KERR. My colleague, Mr. IIolman, is
absent on leave.
Asahei, W. Hubbard.
Mr. DODGE. My colleague, Mr. Hubbard,
is sick at borne. I movg that he be excused.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. I object to his being
excused, and demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not too late to with-
draw it?
The SPEAKER. It is not; before the vote
is taken a gentleman can withdraw his motion
or he can modify it.
Mr. BURR. I move that Mr. Hubbard, of
Iowa, be excused on account of sickness.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object, and call for the
yeas and nays on excusing liira.
Mr. BURIl. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burr and
Price were appointed.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of
privilege. I was informed by my colleague,
Mr. Washburn, that he was paired with a
Democrat who is voting. [Ones of "•Name
him."j
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
privilege. It has been ruled repeatedly that
the House can take no cognizance of a viola-
tion of a pair. It is a matter of honor only.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
twenty-two in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 5, not voting
94; as follows:
i>XEA?T"Mess"- Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
linker, Karnes, Beaman, Beatty, Bock, Benton, Blair
V ol$s-Broomall. Uurr, Butler, Vary, Chur-
chill, Cobb, Coburn, Dtxon. Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
hKKieston, E|rl' W,lr1l,(1Ke' lferriss. Ferry, Fields, Getz,
Golladay, Jlmffhf, Ilalsey, Harding, Higby, Hill,
Hopkins, Ilotclikiob, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter.
IngorsoU, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kerr,
Ketcha.m, Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence VVil-
ham Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lough ridge,
Mallory, JJcCIurg, McCormick,Mercur,Miller Moore
Morean. MorrellMullins,Myers.Nicholson.O'Neill!
Ortli.Pcrhaui,Phelps,Pile,Price, Robertson, Schenck
Selye, Aaron F.Sicvens. Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taffe'
■John Trimble. Lawrence S.Trimble, Upson, Van Au-
ken. Robert X. Van Horn. Ward, Thomas Williams.
William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wood—90.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Bingham, Sidney Clarke,
Niblae.k.ami Taylor—5.
NOT VOTINQ—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson
James M. Ashley, Axtell. Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Biirnum, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwoll, li
Buekland, Cake, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Oullom, Dawes. Eckley, Eliot,
Farm?worth, Finney, Fox, Garfield. Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Griswold, Grovcr, Hawkins, Hoiman,
Hooper, Asahei W. Hubbard. Richard D. Ilubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones.Kellcy, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Latlin, Lvneh, Marshall. Marvin. Maynard, McCar-
thy, McCulIough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen,
Newcomb, Nunn, Pn in e, Peters, Pike, Plants,Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Pruyn. Randall, Rnura, Robinson,'
Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Shcllabarcrer, Sit-
Krcaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather. Thaddeus
Stevens, Tuber, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trumr', Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, ElihuB.Washburne,Henry
I). Washburn, William B. Washburn,Welker, James
F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,Windom.Woodbridge,
and Woodward—94.
So the motion to excuse Mr. Hubbard, of
Iowa, was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if, under the rules of the House and the
order of the Speaker, the doorkeepers have a
right to allow members to enter the Iiall?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Boyer] was permitted to enter,
and he voted on the last call.
Mr. BOYER. I answered to my name when
the roll was called on the order lhat there be
a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. It has been the universal
custom of the House pending a call of the
House to permit members who have answered
to their names to retire from the Hall for a few
minutes and to return again.
Mr. KERR. I now move that all further
proceedings under this call be dispensed with.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HlGBY. 1 rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HIGBY. My point of order is that the
motion ol' the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] is a dilatory motion, and therefore not
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that in 110 other
way can the House relieve itself from its pres-
ent situation so as to proceed with business
except by dispensing with further proceedings
under the call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgiiam] has Submitted a proposition to
me which is satisfactory to me, and which, if
agreed to by the House, 1 have no doubt will
be satisfactory to this side of the House. We
are not struggling for the purpose of delay
merely.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his proposition to the House, if there
be no objection.
Mr. BtNGIlAM. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, no
debate is in order. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] that, further proceedings under the call
be now dispensed with ; upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are all in good health
now, and we may as well go through with this
matter.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 38, nays 54, not
voting 97 ; as follows :
l'EAS—Messrs. Baker, Beaman, Beck, Benton,
Boyer, Burr, Cary, Dixon, Donnelly, Getz, Golladay,
Ilaight, Hotchkiss, Ingcrsoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Julian, Ketcham, Knott, George V. Lawrence,
Loughridge, Lynch, Alallory. Mull ins, Myers, Phelps,
Pilo, Robertson, Sawyer, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, John T. Wilson,and Wood—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Beatty, Blair, Butler, Churchill, Cobb, Ooburn,
Covode, Oullom, Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Fer-
riss,Ferry, Fields, Halsey, Harding, Iligby,Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter. Judd, Kerr, Koontz,
Lincoln, Loan, McCarthy, MeClure. Mercur, Miller
Moore, Morgan, Morrell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
il am, Polsley, Price, Raum, Schcnck, Stewart, Stokes,
Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble. Van Auken. Welker,
Thomas Williams, and William Williams—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adains, Allison, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Larnes, Barnum, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine,Bout-
well, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buekland, Cake,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell,Dawes, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot. Farnsworth,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Gris-
wold.Grover, Hawkins, Hill, Ilolman,Hooper,Asahei
W. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Jones, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Logan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McCormick, McCullough, .Moorhead. Morrissey,
Mungen, Newcomb, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Robinson, Ross, Scofield, Selye,Shanks, Shella-
barger, Sit reaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taber, Thomas, Twiohell, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn,Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu IS. Washburne,
Henry I). Washburn, William B. Washburn, James
F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,Woodbridge,
and Woodward—87.
So the motion to dispense with further pro-
ceedings under the call was not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to know whether it is in order
for any member to leave the Hall and go into
any of the cloak-rooms for any purpose during
the call ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ordered
that the doors be closed and no member allowed
to leave. The Chair has granted to three gen-
tlemen permission to leave the Hall for not
exceeding two minutes, but not to leave the
floor on which the Hall is located.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to give notice that when
the House is in a condition to entertain sneh a
proposition I intend to introduce a resolution
censuring the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Elduidgu,] who refused to vote on both the
votes upon dispensing with further proceedings
under the call, although lie was within the Hall
on both occasions, and although the Speaker
had previously announced that it was the duty
of all members to vote, and that those who
refused to do so would be liable to the censure
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain such a proposition at this time, because a
call of the House is now in progress.
Mr. BROOMALL. I merely desire to give
that notice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was engaged in read-
ing the papers which I hold in my hand, and I
do not know whether I voted or not.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman was not
so engaged during the first, call.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know whether
I was or not.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will resume
the call of absentees.
The Clerk resumed the call of the names of
absentees.
Richard D. Hubbard. No excuse offered.
G'alvix T. Hclbcrd. No excuse offered.
James M. Humphrey. No excuse offered.
Thomas L. .Ioxes. No excuse offered.
William D. Kelley.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] has leave of absence.
William H. Kelsey.
Mr. WARD. I believe my colleague, Mr.
Kelsey, has leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman so
state ?
Mr. WARD. I cannot state the fact posi-
tively, though I think it is so.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] stated to me that he had
leave of absence.
Ihe SPEAKER. That is sufficient.
Betiicet, M. Kitchen-.
Mr. HOBBARD, of West Virginia. My
colleague, Mr. Kitciiex, has leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. That is the fact.
Addison H. Laflln. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Marshall.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall,] when he left the Hall, said
he was indisposed, and left on account of
indisposition. I therefore move lhat he be
excused.
Mr. BURR. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the question is  a excusing the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
