3670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
this treaty. And now a few words 111 regard
to what I conceive to be the treaty-making
power as set forth in the Constitution, and what
the term treaty means. I do not pretend to
give its national sense in all its ramifications,
but upon what general principle does the word
treaty stand? How did it originate? You
never find the term used by any Power until
belligerent Powers began on earth. It grew
out of warfare between contending powers.
And when the term is made to cover all civil
actions and civil contracts, it is a stretch of
the term as we find it in this Constitution. In
my opinion, it is a stretch of the term to make
it cover all national negotiations. When you
go back to Vattel and Bouvier you find that
the word treaty relates to questions growing
out of the conflicts of different nations one
with the other. It is the settling by negotia-
tion between the belligerent Powers of a prin-
ciple that was contended for on the battle-field,
and that not being legitimately settled, or set-
tled by the sword or war-making power, it then
assumes somewhat of a peaceful form. The
principle contended for is to be settled; a
state of quiet exists and they agree upon the
parties that shall settle the difference between
them.
The treaty has been spoken of here in rela-
tion to our northern boundary between the
State of Maine and the British Power. What
was that ? It was to settle a definite dividing line
between two Powers. It grew out of our original
revolutionary war. The dividing line was not
definitely settled, and the two Powers agreed to
have gentlemen come forward with their instru-
ments, both the compass and the solar compass,
and determine the line, and they agreed upon
the line and it was settled. That grew out of
the power of conquest, outof our victories in the
revolutionary war. Andnow the word " treaty "
is made to cover every solitary species of action
that grows up between the governments of
different Powers when they come to negotiate
in a civil capacity. It is nothing more than
negotiation. I say this for this purpose, and
nothing else, to determine by this House and
lay the basis down that this is a republican
Government. The very first article that pre-
sents itself to our view in the Constitution
declares that all legislative powers are vested
in the Congress of the United States, and in
case a treaty requires legislative action it hinges
back upon the Congress of the United States.
It means nothing more nor less than this, that
we, as a republican people, have a written Con-
stitution, and that word ''treaty" comes up and
is recognized in it as one of its articles. We
must understand that when that term is used
it is intended to be used in all civil negotia-
tions, not with a high hand and with a power
that is not to be checked by the people in Con-
gress assembled. If a treaty was to be con-
cluded finally by the President and the Senate,
if that idea was fully indorsed, then I would
say, farewell to American liberty.
The Constitution in that sense would be
understood to carry with it a power that over-
rides its own positive terms. To understand
this thing distinctly we must take the Consti-
tution as it stands as a whole, not wrenching
one section and one paragraph from another,
but coupling it all together according to the
character and nature of the Government under
which we live. In the very heading of the
Constitution we find this declaration :
" We, the people of the United States, in order to
forma more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
States of America."
This is carried out in its details, and more par-
ticularly and positively in asserting the grand
fundamental fixed principle that all legislative
powers are given to the Congress of the United
States. And when you come to the treaty-making
power here, unless you take it in its context with
a full sense of the bearing of the other powers
in the Constitution, great harm may be done.
The argument made here, that a treaty, when
made by the President and two thirds of the
Senate is binding and conclusive upon us, and
that, we have no power to resist it, precludes
the idea of this being a threefold Government,
with executive, judicial, and legislative depart-
ments.
This is the threefold political power that is
guarantied in this fundamental organization of
our Government; and if these two powers have
the supreme right to make treaties, where is
the third power? What is the third power
here for? The very article itself that gives the
power to the Senate and the President to make
treaties is absolutely concluded in the fact, and
with common reasoning upon it. And why?
Why it rests on this fact:
" This Constitution and the laws of the United States
which shall be made m pursuance thereof"—
In pursuance of this instrument, that means—
" and all treaties made, and which shall be made under
tho authority of the United States, shall be tho suprome
law of the land."
Under the authority of the United States!
Does that exclude Congress? The President
and the Senate having the supreme power to
make treaties does that exclude the right of
Congress to determine whether they shall be
final or not? If it does, you have got no such
power as Congress to sit in judgment upon the
case.
This is where the people come up by their
Representatives, for whom we have pledged
by oath to stand by, protect, and defend, and
guaranty to them this right that they have
bequeathed to us, only in trust for them.
Then what next? It is here declared to be
the law made in pursuance thereof. Taking
this view, the Congress of the United States
must pass upon it. I have not time to detail
several other passages in this Constitution that
fully bear out this idea.
What, now, do I mean? I mean that of all
the Governments upon the face of the civilized
globe those that are republics should be most
jealous of their rights. For here tho enemies
of the Republic can crawl through the treaty-
making power and fasten upon the body-politic
by acquiring territory. And if it is agreed that
Congress is bound by any treaty to acquire
territory, you certainly must allow the other
side of the case. The territory can be sold, you
may graft the powers of the people on it, and
then you are atthe end of your row, save when
they elect Representatives and send them to
this House. That is all your chance.
Now, why should this treaty be ratified? "We,
as tho people of the United States, a grand
and powerful nation, placed above any and all
others, carrying in our wake the Bible, with all
its benign influences and intrinsic rights to
every clime, kingdom, and country where the
American flag floats in grandeur amid the
proud hurrahs of all republics; we carry it
with us. And what is the march and tread
of this empire of our Republic? It is, as I
have believed before, Heaven's greatest and
best gift that has come down from the shocks
and battles of the fifteenth, sixteenth, seven-
teenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth centuries.
She lifts her towering head amid- the wreck of
empires, and she rides above the storms of all
the future ages that are crumbling to the dust.
She comes as agiant strong from the chambers
of the East, and she lifts her towering head and
looks westward for empire.
Can you stop this Anglo-Saxon race ? They
say they ought to be stopped. Why ? Alaska
is poor and barren. Nevertheless she is going
out to the West, and if there is a little country
lying out there, and there is a small bit of land
intervening between it and the continent of
America, upon the broad sheet of water that
rolls up on the Pacific tides, shall we noi make
it blossom as the rose? Shall we not (nake
her a rock of shelter amid the storm ?
We will do it. And why? Because if we
cannot have the benefit of that*people they will
have the benefit of us. And why ? Because
this great and gigantic Power, which holds in
its fist of monarchy one quarter of the land of
the civilized world, has seen fit, to recognize
that Alaska is upon the continent of America,
and to say to us, "Of all the people in the
world I would rather you would havo it."
We struck hands then in friendly alliance
with this mighty monarch, who, during the last
few years, has, as with the arm of a Vulcan, smit-
ten the chains off more than thirty millions of
bondmen and set them free to love and revere
the hand that has given them their personal
freedom and the right to worship God as their
consciences may dictate. We love that coun-
try, for she is standing a little in the wake of
us who claim to be republicans.
Russia has seen fit to rely upon Congress for
the payment of this debt. Doubtless she recog-
nized all the powers of our Constitution ; but
she recognized also the magnanimity of the
House of Representatives, in whom is vested
the control of all disbursements of money. She
knew that we would not be wanting in respect
for the pledges of our good faith made by the
Senate. I think that possibly the Senate acted
in haste. The principle which I adopt is that
treaties, so-called, when made intime of peace,
are simply negotiations—affairs of bargain and
sale. There is no belligerency existing between
this country and Russia ; there has never been,
and I trust there never will be.
When our nation was in peril, when a mighty
rebellion was drenching this land in blood,
what did we see? AYe saw the French lion
roaring over here in Mexico, seeking a per-
manent foothold on this continent. N o soonfer
was that done than Russia remembered the
Crimean war, in which England and France
rolled up their combined powers upon her. In
that struggle my sympathies were with Russia.
Though my ancestors came from England,
though I speak her language, though I love
her on account of the ties of blood and religion,
though I admire her because she spreads the
light of the Gospel wherever her influence
extends, yet I feel still more-warmly toward
Russia, because when the fate of our Govern-
ment was trembling in the balance, when she
saw our people animated in the fearful struggle,
by a thought that rises above the imagination
of empires, and will yet, I trust, iliuminate
the pathway of that monarchical Power to a
better form of government, Russia, seeiDg the
French in Mexico battling for a stronghold,
sent her fleets into our western waters. From
that hour France was smitten as were the lions
when Daniel was cast into their midst. She
had politically the lock-jaw, and soon there
was a " skedaddling." [Laughter.]
When the fiendish men of the South were
endeavoring by means of garments, poisoned
with the seeds of yellow fever and small-pox,
to introduce these contagious diseases among
the people of the North, (God help the men
who could do such an act!) at the time when
the rebellion was endeavoring to sustain itself
by such diabolical expedients, Russia came to
us with her sympathy and succor. Russia
now offers us a portion of her territory lying
in North America, five hundred and seventy
thousand square miles, about one fifth of this
continent. Shall we buy it? If it is nothing
more nor less than what its enemies say, it is
worth that. If it is what its friends say we
cannot weigh its value; we have not scales
and balances only in the imagination of the
human mind to measure its grandeur. But
I do not give entire credit to all that is said in
its favor.
As this is the condition of things, and I find
it so, I wish it distinctly understood I vote for
this appropriation of money, because the
American nation in its mighty march onward
will have it. I want it peacefully if we can ;
never forcibly if it can be avoided.
Mr. HIGB5T obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MAYNARD, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to; and the commit-
tee accordingly rose, and Mr. Haotakd as
Speaker pro tempore having taken the chair,-
Mr. Garfield reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the special order under
