1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareil 3,
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 660) restoring
lands to market along the line of the Pacific
railroads and branches.
It provides that nothing in the act approved
July 1, 1862, entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacilic ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
and the acts amendatory thereof, is to be held
to authorize the withdrawal or exclusion from
settlement and entry, under the provisions of
thepreemption or homestead laws, of the oven-
numbered sections along the routes of the sev-
eral roads therein mentioned which have been
or may be hereafter located ; but those sections
are to be rated at $2-50 per acre, and subject
only to entry under those laws, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior is directed to restore to
homestead settlement, preemption, or entry,
according to existing laws, all the even-num-
bered sections of land belonging to the Govern-
ment, and now withdrawn from market, on
'both sides of the Pacific railroad and branches,
wherever the road and branches have been
definitely located.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reading of
the proviso to the bill.
The Secretary read the proviso, as follows:
Provided, That such sections shall be rated at $2 50
per acre, and subject only to entry under those laws,
and the Secretary of the Interior be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to restore to homestead set-
tlement, preemption, or entry, according to existing
laws, all the even-numbered sections of land be-
longing to the Government, and now withdrawn from
market, on both sides of the Pacific railroad and
branches, wherever said road and branches have
been definitely located.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the chairman of the
committee who reported this bill if that pro-
viso limits entries to preemptors only? The
Senator from California suggests that it prob-
ably limits the even sections of land to pre-
emptors only. I suppose the Senator would
not cut off homestead settlers.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the proviso be
read again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HOWARD. That is sufficient. Itcovers
the case of a homestead settler by its very
terms. It is all right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire
whether that bill does anything more than
restore the lands to market? It seems to pro-
vide a change in the mode of purchase. Does
the bill do anything more than restore the
lands to market?
Mr. HOWARD. It merely restores the
land, subjects it to sale and settlement, and
the price is the old price fixed upon even sec-
tions in such cases, which is double the mini-
mum price of public land.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand it, it
restores simply the even sections, not the odd
ones.
Mr. IIOWARD. The even sections. Of
course the odd sections remain for the benefit
of the companies.
Mr. POMEROY. I so understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. It has nothing to do with
the odd sections.
Mr. THAYER. The whole scope and ob-
ject of the bill is to restore the lands to market
as they were on the 1st of December. Under
the Pacific railroad charter that road is enti-
tled to every alternate section of land for
twenty miles on each side of the line. They
have made their selections of the odd sections
and filed their plats; but the Secretary of the
Interior construes the law in this way: that he
was obliged to withdraw them all from market,
whereas the meaning of the law undoubtedly
was only to withdraw those which the railroad
company selected. This bill now restores the
even sections to market for settlement, leaving
them just as they were before the ruling of the
Secretary of the Interior in December, and
putting them on the same footing as all the
public lands are in the States and Territories.
It does not give away an acre of land to any-
body.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator says it puts
them on the same footing. So«it does; with
the exception that it puts them at $2 50 per
acre.
Mr. THAYER. Yes; the same as it was in
the Pacific railroad charter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, a bill
came here a day or two ago, I understand,
from the House of Representatives with refer-
ence to the jail in the District of Columbia.
It was a bill which came from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds in that body.
The matter has been somewhat under consul-
tation between the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds of the House
of Representatives and myself, and it was un-
derstood that the bill was to be referred to the
same committee in the Senate. I have no
feeling about the matter; I have looked into it
somewhat and I have my own views with regard
to it; but the chairman of the House committee
has written to me requesting me to have the
bill referred immediately to our committee. I
understand it was referred yesterday to the
Committee on the District of Columbia. I
think myself that as it concerns the erection
of a public building, it properly belongs to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me to make a motion, I will move that the
Committee on the District of Columbia be dis-
charged from the further consideration of that
bill, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 787) to amend an act entitled "An act
authorizing the construction of a jail in and for
the District of Columbia," approved July 25,
I860, was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
SETTLERS ON THE SIOUX RESERVATION.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
358. It is a very short bill, and can be dis-
posed of in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief
of settlers on the late Sioux Indian reserva-
tion in the State of Minnesota. It provides
that all actual settlers, who have duly filed
their declaratory statements under the pre-
emption laws with the register of the proper
local land office, upon the unsold lands now
included within the limits of the late Sioux
Indian reservation, in the State of Minnesota,
shall be allowed two years from and after the
passage of this bill within which to make proof
and payment for their claims, in accordance
with the provisions of the second and third
sections of the act approved March 3, 1863,
providing for the disposal of the reservation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPherson,
its Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed to inform the
Senate that the House of Representatives has
appointed Mr. John A. Bingham, of Ohio;
Mr. George S. Boutwell, of Massachusetts;
Mr. James F. Wilson, of Iowa ; Mr. B. F.
Butler, of Massachusetts: Mr. J. A. Logan,
of Illinois ; Mr. Thomas Williams, of Penn-
sylvania; and Mr. Thaddeus Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, managers to conduct the impeach-
ment against Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, and has directed the said
managers to carry to the Senate the articles of
impeachment agreed upon by the House, to be
exhibited in maintenance of their impeach-
ment against the said Andrew Johnson.
Mr. HOWARD. The House of Represent-
atives have just sent a message to us announc-
ing the appointment of their managers'. In
response to that I ask the Senate to pass the
following order:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate inform
the House of Representatives that the Senate is
ready to receive the managers appointed by tile
House of Representatives to carry to the Senate
articles of impeachment against Andrew Johnson, .
President of the United States.
The order was adopted.
PAYMENT OF SOLDIERS' BOUNTIES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 331, to facilitate the payment of
soldiers' bounties under the act of 1866.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Military Committee if he has
any information from the Secretary of the
Treasury upon this subject. I have had some
conversation with some of the officers in the
Treasury, and it has been stated that it was
impracticable for the Seeond Auditor, who has
the settlement of these accounts, to employ the
fifty clerks proposed to be employed under this
bill, and representations were made to me to
the effect that if he had more competent and
efficient clerks there would not be any partic-
ular necessity for adding to the number. There
is a provision in this bill—a very patriotic
provision, and very popular, no doubt—provid-
ing that preference shall be given to soldiers
and persons who have been in the Army ; but
the difficulty, as I understand, in adjusting these
accounts, arises more from the inefficiency and
incompetency of the clerks than from any other
cause. I think it will be found upon exam-
ination that the Sccond Auditor has not suffi-
cient room on desks for the accommodation
of this large number of clerks. I think, as this
is a matter that concerns the business of the
Treasury Department, that there ought to be
some information before the Senate as to how
this will affect that business ; whether this pro-
posed arrangement will expedite the_transac-
tion of this business or not; whether it will be
attended or not with additional expense ; and
whether, if it i# to be attended with additional
expense, the advantages to be derived from it
will be equivalent to that expense. I ask for
information.
Mr. WILSON. This bill has been up once
before, and has been amended. I will state 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I should like to ask him whether, when
this bill was up before, I read the report of the
Second Auditor, in which he stated that no
more than the present number of clerks could
be profitably employed in examining the mus-
ter-rolls?
Mr. WILSON. I have seen Mr. French
since and inquired all about it; and I find there
is no trouble in the matter. All that is wanted
is room to be provided in the building, for
whieli we provide in this bill. We do not
authorize the appointment of any additional
clerks; we authorize the Secretary to furnish
additional room to the Second Auditor, and to
detail any clerks that he pleases in his office
for this purpose, not exceeding fifty. Iiutend
to propose an amendment which will expedite
the settlement of these accounts much more
than can be done by the employment of addi-
tional clerks: and that is to allow Mr. French
and Mr. Brodhead each an assistant, at a salary
of $2,500, to sign papers. Both of those offi-
cers are compelled to sign an immense num-
ber of papers. It is physically impossible for
them to go any further than they have done;
and I have no doubt that if we allow each of
them an assistant it will facilitate the settle-
ment of these accounts. There is a great deal
of complaint in regard to the delay in their
settlement. I am aware that this bounty is a
gratuity; but, after all, it has passed, and those
