1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
members of this House. The bond-holders are
ot' ail classes, llich people hold the larger j
quantity ot' bonds because thev hold the larger >
amount of nil the most desirable kinds of prop-
erty. But large sums are held by men and
women ot'small property. Orphans and widows
are largely interested in what they have been
taught to believe the best investment in this
country.
And I protest that it is no feeling against
bond holders that induces me to propose this
taxation any more than it was a feeling against
tea-drinkers that caused me to vote twenty-five
cents per pound upon tea.
The instances of taxation that I have given,
as well as many others that will occur to any-
body who thinks upon the sut^pct, sustain the
position that this property in bonds can as well >
bear taxation as any that I have enumerated, j
and that if it be proper to assess the larger tax-
ation upon those best able to bear it—if it be
good political economy to collect from accu-
mulations rather than burden processes for crea-
tion of wealth—if it be fit to tax luxuries rather
than necessaries, then should this great prop-
erty in bonds contribute as well as tea and
coffee, railroad fares, or revenue stamps.
We are not destitute of authorities for this
taxation.
The first is the Revenue Commission author-
ized by the Thirty-Eighth Congress. One of
the members of that commission, Mr. Hays,
was specially charged with this subject. He
took testimony upon it. The statements of Mr.
AstOr and some fifteen or twenty leading bank-
ers.and brokers *nd financial men of New York
is given in his report, and it is favorable to tax-
ation. After a fall examination of the whole
matter Mr. Hays recommended a tax of one
per cent.
But the more important authority is the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who in his last report
recommends a tax of one per cent. He is
peculiarly charged by virtue of his office with
the guardianship of the financial honor of the
country, and has special facilities for knowing
the I test subjects of taxation.
He gives the discusion in a former report,
(I860,) and says:
"The views of the Secretary thus expressed hare
undergone no change, but the exemption from taxa-
tion of any kind of property by which special privi-
leges are, or seem to be, granted to any class of citi-
zens is odious to the heavily burdened masses in all
classes, and is especially so in a republic like ours.
Local taxes in all the States are heavy, and uo mat-
ter what the law may say upon the subject, uo mat-
ter what the contract may nare been under which
they were negotiated, there is a general sentiment
among tax-payers that the exemption of Govern-
ment t>ond3 from local taxation is not exactly right,
and that it ought to be in torn* way avoided in
future issues. The Secretary has no hesitation in
admitting that he is in sympathy with this senti-
ment."
And the Secretary proposes to issue new
six per cent, bonds in lieu of those- now out-
standing, and to tax them one per cent. He
proposes to convert the outstanding bonds
into these new ones, and entertains 110 doubt
of his ability to do it. How this is to be done
he does not say. He gives the bond-holders
a five per cent, bond instead of the one they
now hold. Why should they take it ? Will
he ask for authority to stop payment of inter-
est until the exchange is made; or will he
alarm the public creditor by fears of popular
discontent and wrest from his timidity the
more valuable property ? And, in order to
satisfy the States that his operations with the
bond holders are legitimate, he offers to pay
them the amount he takes out of the bond-
holders. Apparently he would scare one and
bribe the other.
And it is an attractive list the Secretary
presents to Congress for its consideration.
Each member can see his own State with the
sum in gold set opposite her name. My own
State leads the list with the respectable sum
of $385,009 70 set opposite, and Oregon winds
up the golden column with $96,000 70. The
thirty-seven States are all there!
Why the Territories are excluded I do not
perceive. They are obliged to pay their share
of the general taxation. Why should not they
have the proper dividend? Why should Brig-
ham Young and his wives and children be
excluded in the golden distribution ? Aliaska,
too, will need her share as much as any por-
tion of the Republic. When she is fairly in-
corporated and the Secretary's golden shower
begun, the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Wasiiiu ux.] who has so ably taken the affairs
of that forlorn Territory in hand, should see
that her interests are not overlooked.
But if the Secretary has shunned the Terri-
tories he has not omitted the rebel States.
He proposes to pay Virginia $730,662 50 an-
nually, and South Carolina $431,905 18, and
the other rebel States in proportion to popu-
lation "without regard to race or color!"
and all in gold!
Of course the Secretary does not expect us
to believe that this generous sum of $20,000,000
annually will come out of the bond-holders. No
such thing. It comes out of the tax-payers of
the country. It is simply taxing the country
$20,000,000 in gold annually for the purpose
of distributing it among the States in propor-
tion to population.
How equal this would be can be seen from
the fact that the rebel States pay but small
amounts into the Treasury, burdened with full
charges of collection, and yet it is proposed by
the Secretary to distribute among them the
sum of $4,812,281 annually in gold.
Before the recent extension of the postal ser-
vice into those States the Department was self-
sustaining, but now I notice by the report of
the Postmaster General there is a deficit of
about five millions. I do not object to paying
this sum, now that the mails are free to carry
; whatever of information may be intrusted to
' them. But to add to this an equal sum for no
1 other reason, apparently, than that the Secre-
I tary has a strong feeling against the injustice
' of not taxing the national debt, is a kind of
1 financial wisdom that I do not appreciate.
Those States last year did contribute about
twenty million dollars for the cotton tax. This
. the House has hastened to relieve them of.
! Leaving all other oppressed industrial interests
to take care of themselves as well as they could,
the House has made a specialty of the cotton
tax. I could not concur in the vote. There
were, in my estimation, other interests equally
worthy of immediate attention by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Not to mention
others, the great navigation interests of the
country, confessedly suffering intensely from
adverse legislation, need looking after. The
Secretary of the Treasury has twice called the
attention of Congress to them. I had the honor
of submitting propositions for their relief at the
first session 01 the Thirty-Ninth Congress and
urged them during the pendency of the tariff
bill, where they properly belong. My colleagues
have renewed those propositions by resolutions
of inquiry at the present session. Bat I had
no idea of asking special legislation for this
suffering interest, and it would have availed
nothing if I had. I shall-be well content if the
House, when the tariff and internal revenues
come before them shall apply the proper rem-
edies to existing troubles. It is certainly of
national interest that our ships shall not be
driven from the ocean and our whole trade
abroad, if not coastwise, be placed in the hands
of foreigners. And unless Congress shall act
speedily we shall be so far second to Great
! Britain on the ocean as to find it impossible in
our generation to come into active competition
! with her. Certainly it was unwonted magna-
| nimity in Congress to give local interest the
| precedence over those of national importance,
j when a remedy for the evils that amict both
j "should be applied before it is necessary to
1 prepare for the next crop either of ships or
cotton.
I have had the curiosity to obtain from the
| Bureau of Internal Revenue a statement of
j amounts paid by the rebel States, and I give
I some of them for the last two years, together
with a statement of the amount the Secretary
would repay them if his proposition obtains:
licceipta from
all lourcet
except cot-
ton in 1806.
Florida -  $72(3 98
Mississippi  24,6.S1 76
Texas  176,035 48
Arkansas - 63,009 63
Secretary
propoici
Receipt! to pay
in 1807. annually
$58,343 00 500,290 60
118,518 37 471,792 28
431,f>5G 28 529,772 40
110,814 96 267.259 98
It will be recollected that the receipts from
internal revenue in 1860 were $310,906,984 17,
and in 1867 they were $265,920,474 65. And
it should not be forgotten that the receipts were
in currency while the Secretary proposes to pay
the States in gold.
It is suggested in some of the papers that
the Secretary'8 plan would win the good-will
of the rebel States and attach them to the
Union. I should think it would. One of the
Secretaries proposes that we buy the continent
for the purpose of ruling the world, and another
that we pay an annuity to the rebel States to
keep them good-natured. But how about the
tax-payers? Is there no end of their forbear-
ance ?
If the Secretary of the Treasury had proposed
to assume the war debts of the loyal States and
then applied the one per cent, tax to discharge
the liabilities assumed for that purpose, I should
have been more willing to accept his proposi-
tion. As he presents it the Secretary's plan
should not be adopted, and if it could be put in
force it is plain that it would be speedily repealed.
I voted to make a liberal allowance to the Freed-
men's Bureau for the purpose of organizing
and protecting labor, and in that way produce
the accustomed crop of cotton. In my judg-
ment it was a wise appropriation. But having
accomplished that purpose, and the House hav-
ing abolished the cotton tax, it is clear the
bureau must go with it, and so should all other
special appropriations.
I have heretofore looked to an exchange of
bonds as the ready way to accomplish the pur-
pose of making the property in them subject to
the same burdens as other less favored property;
and for that, among other reasons, I have hoped
for a speedy resumption of specie payments,
and constantly voted to bring it about. It is
plain to my mind that we have the ability
to put the finances of the Government, where
they should be, on a specie basis almost when-
ever we will. The short loans will all very socm
be provided for, and nrothing be left for the
Secretary but to arrange for interest and cur-
rent expenses. These the accruing income
will take care of, so that he will have merely
to keep his greenbacks afloat by the specie at
his command. It is the problem the banks,
have dealt with so many years, of keeping out
three or four times as much paper as they had
specie, and have generally found no difficulty in
doing it.
But whether this view be right or wrong, 1
think I cannot err in believing that the House
does not desire to go to specie at once. The
decisive vote the other day withdrawing the
present authority of the Secretary to destroy
greenbacks indicates this purpose, and I shall
be very happily disappointed if the_ House
stops where it is and does not authorize and
direct a new issue of paper. The road toward
specie is getting to be a weary one. The House
has apparently indicated its purpose to stop
traveling it for the present. It will do well if
it does not actually slide back and trust to luck
to retrace its up-hill steps at some future day.
We shall not resume specie payments at
present, and we shall not, therefore, pay off that
portion of the debt now under our control in
gold.
It is proposed to pay it in paper. That
would be well enough if we had the paper. I
should have no hesitation in doing so if we
could. I should have no fear of shocking the
sensibilities of the holders of our bonds or
staining our financial honor if, in the absence
of any bargain to the contrary, we paid cred-
itors in exactly the currency they loaned to
the Government.
