2648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
be allowed to be seated during the call of the
roll. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to be seated.
The question was taken on Mr. Pile's mo-
tion ; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 98, nays 5, not voting 86 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley,Baker, Beaman, Bcatty, Beck, Bcn-
tou, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr,
Butler, Gary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Covode, Culiom, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Ihiggs,
Eggleston, Ela. Eldridse, Ferris?, Kerry, Get/,. Golla-
day, Haight, Ilalsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. llubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson. Judd, Julian, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Kooutz, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Loushndge, Lynch, Mallory,
McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick, Mcreur, Miller,
Moore. Moriran. Morrell, Mullms, Myers, Nichol>on,
O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pile, Policy, Price, Raum,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Seiye, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, John Trirnblo. Trow-
bridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Wclkcr,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, John T.Wil-
son, and Wood—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Paine, Aaron T\ Stevens, Stone,
Lawrence S. Trimble, and Van Auken—5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks Barnes,
Barnum, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buckland, Cake, Clianler, Header W. Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Dawes. Eckley. Eliot, Faruswoiih, Fields,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenner. Gravely, Gris-
wold, Grover, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. llubbard, llulburd, Humphrey,
Jones, Kclloy, Kelsey, Kitchen, Latlin, George V.
Lawrence. Marshall, Marvin, Maynard.MeCul tough,
Moorhcad, Morrissey. Mnngcn, Newcomb, Nihlack,
Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pike. Plants, Poland, Pome-
roy, Pruyn, Randall, Robmson, Ross, Seofield,
Shanks, Shellabargcr, Sitgreavcs, Smith, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stcvons, Tuber, Thomas, Twichcli, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry I). Washburn, William B. Washburn, James
F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wuodbndgc,
and W oodward—-SO.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the mem-
bers at the bar of the House accordingly
resumed their souls.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. lias not the hour for the
Republican caucus, of which notice was given,
arrived?
Several Members. It is postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order now to move to
dispense with further proceedings under the
call?
The SPEAKER. It is in order now. The
Chair will state that some little time since he
ruled this motion out of order for the reason
that the House had ordered him to sign a war-
rant of arrest. The Chirk was preparing it,
but the Chair had nut then had an opportunity
of executing the order of the House and no
business could be transacted until the Speaker
had obeyed the order devolved on him by the
House. The motion is now in order.
Mr. WOOD. Then I move that all farther
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. BUTLER. If the House should sus-
pend further proceedings would not that open
the doors and allow our friends on the other
side to go home?
The SPEAKER. It would.
_Mr. BUTLER. Then 1 hope that the motion
will not be adopted. 9
Mr. PILE. I move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be
laid on the table. The question must be taken
directly on the proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from New
York.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 21, noes 89 $ less than one fifth voting in
the affi rmative.
Mr. UPSON. I observe that on this ques-
tion the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van
Trump] has voted. I submit that he has no
right to vote, being in contempt of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tlemai has the right to vote, he having been
discharged subject to the further order of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burr and
Pile were appointed.
The House divided : and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 7, nays 104, not voting
78 j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cary, Haight, Hotchkiss, McCor-
mick, Stewart, Lawrence S. Trimble, and Van
Auken—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arnell, De-
los R. Ashley, Baker. Barnes, Beaman, Bcatty, Beck,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Covode, Culiom, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Fla, Bldndce, Ferri-s, Ferry,
Fields, Getz. Golladay, Ilalsey, Harding, IHgby, llill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. llubbard, Hunter, In-
gersoil, Jenekes, John.-on, Judd, Julian, Kerr,Keteh-
nrn, Knott, lvoontz, Georire V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lough ridge, Lynch,
Mai lory, McCarthy, McClui g, Mcreur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhcad, Morgan, Morrell, Mullens, Myers, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Orfh, Paine, Peiliam, Phelps. Pile,
Poland, PoMey, Puce, Rauni, Robertson, Schenek,
Seotield, Sel>e, Stalk-Feather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Tafl'e. Taylor, John Tillable, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van llorn.Robeit T. Vaniioin,
Van Trump, Ward, Welkei, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam AViiiiam.->, J'olm T. Wil-on, and Wood—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ander.-on. James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,Baldwin, Banks,Barnum,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
Cake, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Dawes, Fckley, Fliot, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox,
Garfield, Glossbrenner. Graveb, GriMvoid, Grover,
Hawkins, Hoiinan, Asahcl W. llubbard, Richard I),
llubbard, llulburd, Humphrey, Jones, Kelley, Kel-
sey, Kitchen, Lnilin, Maishall, Man in, Maymird,
McCulIough, Morrissey, Mungcu, Newcomb, Nib-
lack, Nunn, Peter?, Pike, Plauts, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Ro-s, Sawyer, Shank.", Shella-
bargcr, Sitgreaves {Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Tabei, Thomas, Twichcli, Van Aernam, Van
Wjck, Cadwahider C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry 1). Washburn, William B. Wnshburn,
Jnmcs F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdoin,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—78.
So the House refused to dispense with
further proceedings under the call.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, is it in order to
move that the House adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The House has decided
that that motion would not be in order. There-
fore the Chair cannot entertain it.
Mr. WOOD. The question, I think, has
not been submitted to the House.
The SPEAKER. It has been, upon an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WOOD. We have no means, then, of
extricating ourselves from the difficulty in
which this question is involved? There is no
way in which we can reach a vote upon the
resolution, nor can we adjourn.
The SPEAKER. According to the resolu-
tion adopted on the 25th of February but one
motion to adjourn can be made pending the
consideration of a resolution reported from
the board of managers.
Mr. WOOD. We cannot adjourn, and we
cannot do anything.
Mr. UPSON. 1 call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. It is not even debatable,
though the Chair was willing to hear the re-
mark of the gentleman from New York.
The Seigeaut-at-Arms then appeared, and
reported that in pursuance of the order of the
House he had arrested, and now had at the bar
of the House Mr. Francis Thomas, of Mary-
land, Mr. John D. Baldwin, of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Tobias A. Pj,ants, of Ohio.
Mr. PILE. I move that the members now
at the bar be allowed to take their seats, sub-
ject to the further order of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 2, not vot-
ing 87 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Dolos R.
Ashley, Baker, Barnes, Beaman, Bearty, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Bioomall, Burr, But-
ler, Cary, Chuiehill, Reader W. Ciarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,Covode, Culiom, Dixon,Dodcjo,
Donnelly, Driggs. Eldridse, Fcrriss, Ferry, Fields,
Getz, Golladay, Haight, Ilalsey, Higby, Hill, Hoop-
er, Hopkins, llotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hun-
tei, In£ers>oll, Johnson, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan. Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morgan, Mullins, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile, Poland, Poislcy, Piiee,
llaum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Seofield. Selye,
Starkweather, Stewart. Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Tumble. Trowbridge, tlpson,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Ward, Welkcr, Thomas Williams. Wil-
liam Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wood—100.
NAYS—Messrs. McCormick and Stone—2.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Buckland, Cake, Chanler, Cook, Cornell,
Dawes, Fckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrcnner, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Giover, Harding, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel
W. llubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd. Hum-
phrey, Jenekes, Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Knott, Ivoontz, Laflin, Marshall, Marvin,
Maynord, MeCullou^h. Morri.^ey, Mungen. New-
comb, Ntblack, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Siionks,
Shell a burp, or, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Aaron
F. Stevens', Thaddeus Stevens Tabcr, Thomas,
Twichcli, Van Aernam, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
hum, William B. Washburn, James F. WiLon,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom. Woodbridge, and
Woodward—87.
So the motion of Mr. Pile was agreed to.
Mr. GETZ. Is it in order for me to ask
leave of absence until to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It requires, in order to
grant leave of absence to a member, a quorum
of the House and an open session of the House.
As soon as further proceedings under this call
shall have been dispensed with it will be in
order to grant leave of absence.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it be in order, by
unanimous consent, to permit the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Getz] to leave the
Ilall and go away.
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask unanimous
consent of the House for the gentleman to
ab°ent himself at this time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. WOOD. I object, unless permission is
also given to some twenty other members on
this side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order now to
move that all further proceedings under this
call be dispensed with?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I make that mo-
tion, and on it I cail for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 25), noes 88.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 0, nays 103, not
voting 80 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cary, Haight. Hotehkiss, Stone,
Lawrence S. Trimble, and Van Trump—-6.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Delos R.
Asliley, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty,
Bcck, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Biooks,
Broomall, Burr, Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cobuin, Covode, Culiom, Dixon, Bodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Ferii>s, Ferry, Fields,
Getz, Golladay. Hardin?, Higby, Hill, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Chester!). Hubbard, Hunter, Iugersoll, J enckes,
Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Kelcham, Ivoontz,
Geoige V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Looran, Lmishndge, Lvneh, Malory, McCar-
thy, McClurcr, McCormick, Mcreur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhcad, Morrell, Mutlm% Mver-*, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Pile, Plants,
Poland. Polsley, Pi ice, Rauni, Robertson, Schcnck,
^cofield, Selye, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Tafte, Taylor, Thomas, J<-hu Trim-
ble, Trowbridce,Upson, Van Auken, Bui t Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Welkcr, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—10-5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. A dams Amc-% Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Bank-*, Barnum,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
j Cake, Chanler, Reader W. Claikc, Cook, Cornell,
; Bawes, Eckloy, Eldiidsre, Eliot. FamMvorth, Finney,
j lox, Garfield, Glo^sbrenner, Gravely,Gii-swoid, Gro-
vo-, Ual-ey, Haw kins, Jiolinan, Asahel \V. Hubbard,
{ Kichaid D. llubbard, llulburd, Humphrey, Jone-*,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchm, Knott, Laihn, Marsh ill,
■ Marvin, Maynard, McCullough. Morgan, Morrissey,
i Mun^en, Newcomb. Niblock, Nunn. Peters. Pike,
Pomeroy. Piuyn, Randall, Robinson, Ros<, Sawyer,
Shanks. Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Tabcr. Twichcli, Van Aernam,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Ehhu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, JamesF. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,Windom,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—80.
So the motion to dispense with further pro-
ceedings under the caU was not agreed to.
