240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
I do not propose to discuss a subject which
has already beeu treated so ably and elabo-
rately by geutlemen in both Houses of Con-
gress, but! desire to remind the House that
all of the greenback legal-tender currency was
authorized by Congress before any consider-
able part of either issue of the five-twenty loan
was taken.
There were three acts, and but three, au-
thorizing the greenback legal-tender currency.
Each authorized the issue of $K>0,000,000.
The dates were February 25, 18(52, July 11,
1802, and March 3, 1803. At the time of the
passage of the last of these acts but $26,000,-
000 of the five-twenty loan authorized the year
before had been taken.
So that this money which gentlemen now
call '"depreciated currency" had long been
the "lawful money" of the statutes before the
public took these bonds. It had beeome the
favorite currency of commerce. All of our
States except Massachusetts and California
paid the interest on debts contracted on a gold
basis in this paper. My own State, if I mis-
take not, paid principal as well as interest of
public debt in greenbacks. Corporations every-
where and individuals of the highest finan-
cial honor did not hesitate to pay debts long
antecedently contracted in Government legal
tenders then recognized by courts and in com-
mon use everywhere.
Are all these subject to the reproach of being
scoundrels and repudiators ?
Of course, if there were a bargain or author-
itative agreement to pay these bonds in coin
the circumstances I have mentioned would not
be of moment. But when the bond and the
act authorizing it are both silent upon the
subject, neither specifying in what the principal
of the bond shall be paid, although stipulating
that the interest shall be paid iu coin, then I
say Congress keeps good faith with the public
creditor when it pays him back the money it
received from him—money which then consti-
tuted almost the entire circulating medium of
the country.
And if these bonds had been payable abso-
lutely in five years, and the public creditor was
now asking the Secretary for the payment of
the principal, does anybody suppose he could
not take the same ground with reference to
these bonds that previous Secretaries did with
regard to the short bonds of 1861 ? The bonds
of 1861, payable in three years, although issued
on a gold basis, were paid in 1864 in green-
backs or new bonds. No reason was given for
this except that they did not belong to the
p&rmamut loan. A poor reason is said to be
better than none.
But whether this view of the matter be cor-
rect or not is of small importance. We cannot
pay the principal of these bonds either in specie
or paper. We have no money to do it, and we
ought not to tax our peoplefurther in order to
obtain money for this purpose." We cannot
sell new bonds and obtain paper with which to
do it. We should find no market for such
bonds, and we ought not to issue one new dol-
lar in paper for that or any other purpose,
except it may be to substitute greenbacks for
national bank currency.
These facts leave no other remedy for the
gross wrong which the Secretary describes,
no other way of satisfying that sense of right
which he says he is "in sympathy with," than
to tax the property iu bonds, as I propose.
I propose to tax the bonds one per cent, of
their value annually, the tax to be assessed and
collected by the ctfbcers of the iut@rna.l rev-
enue department.
It is true that this will not reach foreign
holders. I do not know why it should. The
bond is personal property. Unlike a certificate
of stock in a bank, it does not represent prop-
erty elsewhere, butitisproperty initself. Like
all other personal property, if owned in this
country let it be taxed here ; if owned abroad
let it be taxed there. Our ships are taxed here
so long as they have American owners. When
they are sold abroad and take a foreign regis-
ter we cease to tax theui. How much this
would deduct it is difficult to say. Probably
one eighth of the bonds are held abroad. If
we get seven eighths of the tax we should have
we shall do better from this than from the
majority of taxations.
This is the present method of taxation of
this property when the income tax is assessed.
The change I propose is one of amounts and
not of principle.
If it be said that this property will escape
taxation, and that if it be taxed at all it should
be by retaining one per cent, of the interest
we agreed to pay, my reply is that- we agreed
to pay the interest specified in the bonds, and
a rebate of interest is, so far, a repudiation of
the contract. If we agreed to pay six per cent,
let us pay it. Let us not pay five, and tell the
creditor we have taken the other one per cent,
and put it into the national Treasury. That is
not keeping the public faith. We may as well
deduct from the principal as from the interest.
It is true that the whole of this tax will not
be collected. If that be a reason why a tax
should not be laid then we should strike off
the larger share of tax ou articles from our
list. The income tax is very largely avoided,
aud yet we collect some fifty or sixty millions
annually from it. I do not believe the holders
of our bonds are cheats and knaves. They are
at least an average of American tax-payers.
We shall get as good a proportion of tax from
this source as from any of the numerous arti-
cles on the list. No one believes that whisky
cheats will be duplicated by bond-holders.
The mode I propose is precisely that adopted
by the States in the taxation of State bonds.
They are taxed in the same manner as other
property. No one proposes to exempt them
from taxation, and no one would have the
State deduct from the stipulated interest by
way of taxation. The immense values of
property in town, city, county, and State
bonds are all taxed just as I propose to tax the
national bonds, except that as they are issued
under State authority they are taxed by the
State authority. Those issued under national
authority are to be taxed by national officers.
If the objection be made that the eff ect of
this tax will be to drive the bonds abroad I
reply that that will not be the worst of evils.
They will not be sold unless the holders receive
fair equivalents, and the money received from
these bonds will go into business channels and
aid in the development of the great resources
of the country. There is little danger of a
plethora of money capital in the country for
some time to come. Ex-Secretary Walker
thinks a foreign loan the grand panacea .for
our financial evils, and the present Secretary
last Congress asked for authority to make
bonds payable abroad in order to sell them the
more readily in the European markets.
It may be that holders of bonds rather than
pay this tax to the General Government will
prefer to pay a local tax in the place of their
residence. To meet this case I would author-
ize the Secretary to issue bonds not subject to
national taxation and subject to State and
municipal taxation, and direct him to ex-
change at the pleasure of the holder. It is
not improbable that in this way by the consent
of bond-holders the present discontent on the
I score of non-taxation may be relieved. Perhaps
J it would be well to limit this amount to one
! per cent. When it is considered that this prop-
J erty is to be taxed at full value, and that for
taxable purposes other property is usually
valued much less than the sum for which it
would be marketable, a limit of one per cent,
would be advisable. It would prevent excessive
taxation on the part of unfriendly local officers,
and would at the same time give a fair average
of the local taxation of the country.
I know of no other objection to the proposed
measure except that it will have a bad effect on
the national eredit and depreciate the national
bonds.
But no one has a right to say this. The
opinions of the largest bond-holders in this
country, as given in Mr. Hays's report, do not
sustain such an idea. And, what is of more
importance, the facts in relation to State bonds
are not at all iu accordance with this view of
the subject. Except Massachusetts and Cali-
fornia, they are all currency bonds, and yet State
bonds subject to all sorts of taxes are quoted
and sold in all the principal markets as high as
national bonds, making the proper allowance
for the difference of interest. Very frequently
they go higher. The fact that they are subject
to taxation makes no apparent difference in
the price.
And it is a consideration worthy of attention
that some such measure as this, satisfactory to
Congress and the tax-payers of the country,
will quiet discussion and stop agitation on the
subject. That will be a great gain, and the
result may well be looked for that instead of
depreciation the national bonds will rise in
value as a consequence.
I have no idea that the measure I propose
will antagonize any plan of funding that may
be suggested at low rates of interest. I presume
no one supposes we shall be obliged to carry
the debt long at six per cent. It is not in accord-
ance with the experience of other Governments
less able than our own to pay either interest or
principal. Reasoning from their experience
we may with some assurance expect to place
■the debt at four per cent, rather than five, as
the Secretary proposes. Whether now is the
proper time to make the attempt may well be
questioned. The most intelligent financiers in
the country think it is not. They think it best
to keep the debt well in hand and wait for
specie payments and a full return to the normal
condition of affairs in the country.
What will aid both a return to specie and the
desirable placing of the debt, is the full and free
exercise of the spirit of economy, now happily
uppermost in the House. I cannot but hope
that it will not exhaust itself in general reso-
lutions, but that when we come to the detail
of expenditure it may be found in full force.
I believe it will, and I look to this source with
much hope for aid in the solution of these diffi-
cult financial problems.
Mr. SPALDING obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the President's annual mes-
sage, and had come to no resolution thereon.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR SURVEYS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, inclosing estimates of
appropriations required for surveying Indian
reservations under treaty stipulations; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF HON. E. 31. STANTON, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from General Grant, inclos-
ing, in response to a resolution of the House,
correspondence relatingto the removal of Hon.
Edwin M. Stanton as Secretary of War, and
also to the removal of Generals Sheridan and
Sickles.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the celebrated
letter of General Grant to the President in
relation to the removal of Mr. Stanton be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Private.]
Headquarters Aumt op United States,
Washington, D. C., August 1,1867.
Sib : I take the liberty of addressing you privately
on the subject of the conversation we bad this morn-
ing, feeling, as I do, tlie great danger to the welfare
of the country should you carry outthe designs then
expressed.
1 irst, on tbe subject of the displacement of the
Secretary of AVar. His removal caunot be effected
against his will without the ennsent of the Senate.
It is but a short time sinco the United States Senate
