im
THE CONQRBSSIO JNf .L A GLOBE.
March 3,
,to provide appropriations to meet existing
laws, they have made no appropriation for this
very large number of clerks that have been
provided, as I before remarked, find conse-
quently they all fall. The inevitable result
must be, as stated by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, that the business of that Depart-
ment cannot be carried on. Prom the very
strict adherence of the House of Represent-
atives and the committee of the House to the
rules, they did not consider themselves as hav-
ing the authority either to provide for those
clerks that had been thus employed, or to legis-
late upon the bill so as to provide for them.
All that matter will, I trust, be set right by the
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate
and the Committee 011 Finance, who will un-
derstand what are the necessities of the De-
partment. I think that in some branches there
the business is of necessity now very much be-
hind hand, and that they will be under the ab-
solute necessity ofproyiding for new temporary
appointments, to say the least of it.
I do not wish to interfere with the bill of my
friend from Massachusetts; but I suggest to
him whether, as the subject of reorganizing the
Treasury Department is now under considera-
tion by the Committee on Finance, who, I sup-
pose, will soon report upon it, his bill had not
better lie for a little while, or be referred to
that committee, so that they may have the sub-
ject of this additional number of clerks in the
Second Auditor's ofiice, under their control
and connected with that bill. I only make the
suggestion. I make no motion, because I do
not want to interfere with him. I presume it
will be all done during this session; and if so,
that will be time enough, probably.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up the funding bill which was postponed
on Thursday last until yesterday at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me,
before he makes that motion, to have this bill
referred to the Committee 011 Finance?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. Let them
take the responsibility of the matter.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills ; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 25) for the relief of John H.
Ellis, a paymaster in the United States Army ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 308) authorizing the sale
of an unoccupied military site at Waterford,
Pennsylvania; and
A bill (H. R. No. 509) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G9.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the funding bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 207) for fund-
ing the national debt and for the conversion
of the notes of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is only an old truism to say that it is
easy to criticise measures when presented, but
difficult to offer other measures which may not
bejustas easily criticised. A fair man should
be as ready to defend his own castle as to
attack that of others. Not to evade that kind
of responsibility, and, as I may, before I get
through, indulge somewhat in our national
luxury of fault-finding, I will give a summary
of some propositions which to mo seem most
important to our welfare at the present mo-
ment.
1. A reduction of expenditures to the lowest j
reasonable point, such as will compel every '
department to live from hand to moajJ),
without any surplus.
2. A reduction at, once of taxation propor-
tionately, leaving it only certain that some-
thing shall be annually paid on the public debt.
3. Some initiatory measure looking to an
early restoration of gold and silver coin to
its proper function of circulation among the
people.
4. An extension of the national banking sys-
tem so as to accommodate all parts of the coun-
try whenever United States notes are retired
or specie payments resumed.
5. A new loan to absorb the national debt
at a lower rate of interest.
Impressed with the idea that the policy here
roughly outlined is most essential to our pros-
perity, that any thing less will prove detrimental,
I shall earnestly favor all measures, by whom-
soever introduced, tending in the direction
indicated, and as earnestly oppose whatever
leads elsewhere.
I listened, as I always do, with much inter-
est to the able speech of the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and there
was so much in it to be approved that I could
not but regret tjhat he did not leave out some
passages not necessary as arguments and incon-
clusive if intended as threats. I approve of
the first section of the bill, which proposes to
offer a loan at a lower rate of interest than that
we now pay, and success can be achieved in
negotiating such a loan by proving that our
credit deserves to stand in the very front rank
of debt-owing nations; but I deplore and reject
the idea that it can be won and carried by the
logic of terror, which is to persuade by its pain
our creditors to accept this proposition or do
worse. No; let us persuade them that we are
no longer sick; that we are getting well, and
if they do not wish to hold bonds upon the terms
now offered it is all at their option, but that
there are enough who will. That is my theory,
and I do not expect to swerve from it in prac-
tice. On the score of true economy there is
no doubt, as i£ seems to me, of its being more
profitable, as well as honorable, for the nation
to adhere to the idea that better terms can be
obtained by propping up the public credit with
faith and good works than by slinging an arrow
at its most vulnerable part.
I will not do the honorable Senatorinjustiee,
for I have no doubt he spoke from profound
convictions of duty, but shall quote, not the
precise language but the substance of the posi-
tions maintained by him.
1. He claims that there is a reasonable doubt
whether we have not the right to pay the five-
twenties in greenbacks ; and he has no doubt
that equity and justice will be amply satisfied
if we redeem these bonds in the same kind of
money, of the same value it bore at the time
they were issued.
2. He admits there was a positive contract
under which these bonds were issued limiting
greenbacks to the amount then authorized, and
hence that any increase to pay off the five-
twenties in such currency would be a plain,
palpable, violation of a public engagement
which we cannot and dare authorize and which
no man can justify without being disgraced.
3. Then he says, with great emphasis, that
if this new five per cent, loan should be rejected,
he will vote to redeem maturing bonds in
greenbacks.
These declarations are frankly made, and
coming from so high a source, in spite of the
disclaimer that they are not so intended, must
create some alarm among timid holders of
United States bonds, and the market may be
temporarily glutted by sellers to the injury of
public credit. If we have, as the Senator
says, the right to pay bonds in greenbacks, but
at the same time have no right to issue enough
greenbacks to do it, and will not do it, I do
not see the potency of the notice that, if the
terms of this bill should be rejected, the Sen-
ator will vote to redeem the five-twenty bonds
in greenbacks. It is obvious that $100.000,000
of greenbacks will not pay $1,600,000,000 of
bonds; and unless stark repudiation is the
next specter to be conjured up to sear our
eye-balls the greenbacks must themselves be
paid in the end dollar for dollar. Bat I <j it
a topic which appears to plague ns before its
time, and which certainly does sot sesem to
hare any proper relation to a simple proposal
for a new five per cent. loan.
It is lamentable that the great money ques-
tions of the country, touching all men alike,
should be in any respect the foot-balls of. patty,
but there appears no escape from it._ In a
republic parties are inevitable and furnish the
best instrumentalities for the proper guidance
of a free government, and yet the current issues
of the day are often of minor importance, and
only occasionally in historic periods do we see
divisions made upon great fundamental princi-
ples. It is just that the party in the undisputed
ascendency should be held responsible for the
measures adopted. The party in the majority
has the election of its own measures, and, with-
out much heed as to what they are, may generally
count upon the persistent opposition of any
minority. If Mr. Lincoln had followed in the
footsteps of Mr. Buchanan and had refused
to assert the necessary power to uphold the
Union, the Republican party would hare been
met and routed at the very next election by the
cry of the war Democrats for restoration and
reconstruction by force of arms. Had the
Union men denied freedom and suffrage to the
black race, the rebels in their sore distress would
have at length been foremost in emancipation
and northern Democracy would not now be
tormented by fears, as are the Tories of England,
about the extension of the right of suffrage.
The rank and file of the Democracy in the out-
set would have espoused as readily the right
side of these high questions of debate as the
wrong, but the Union majority were firmly
planted on the side of right, and Democracy must
dissolve or accept its place of antagonism. But
parties accepting issues while in a minority are
driven by force of consistency to adhere to them
when they supplant, if they ever do supplant, the
majority, though this may not always be done,
as party leaders, when loaded with something
more than a negative responsibility, sometimes
show a conscience above that of their party.
At the present moment the majority will be held
responsible at home and abroad for its financial
measures, and whatever they may be we may
surely anticipate that they will not please the
Opposition. After the Government has been
constrained to make use of paper money, (and
foreseeing its cost I was for avoiding it,) then
the Opposition were clamorous for the mainte-
nance of specie payments. Now, when a pur-
pose is even faintly indicated in any quarter of
restoring specie once more to general circula-
tion—to the pockets of the common people—
some of the leaders of the Opposition push with
the zeal of fanatics for a large increase of the
same sort of paper money they have been wont
to denounce as unconstitutional, worthless, and
foredoomed to be disowned and repudiated by
the Government and the people. I am for the
right, mainly beeause it is right, and second,
because it will keep the Opposition where, if it
must exist at all, I most like to see it—always in
the wrong. In Ohio and New Jersey we have
evidence of the extremity to which a party may
be driven, when we see a shameful offer of the
Democratic party to cancel, so faras their power
goes, emancipation and to restore slavery to the
tender consideration of rebels and to the seces-
sion school of State rights. There is no dan-
ger, after such an offer, that we cannot have the
Opposition against us on financial issues and
upon our own terms. If we take the ground of
maintaining the public faith by the payment of
the public debt according to contract., we may
j be sure of an opposition based on the power to
! pay or not to pay as we please. If we take the'
ground of a gentle clipping of our eoiti, as I
■ trust there is no danger of our doing, we shall
j find our opponents ready to offer more alloy and
I the Union men are without the mettle for such
| a downward race. The Union party has robust
! honesty as well as patriotism and courage, and
i it will not commit the fatal blunder of surren-
| dering the jrery citadel of our strength—our
1 public credit—to those who drew the sword and
