3674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
country has a great interest, as is the case here ?
Sir, there is nothing concealed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I yielded
for an explanation, not for a speech.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall take occasion to
reply to the Senator's speech.
Mr. CO N'NESS. So shall I.
Mr. MORTON. I did not know that my
friend from Michigan drew the bill. I made
no imputation against him as an honorable
Senator, or anybody else hero. I did not think
of such a thing.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I most respectfully
ask the Senator to whom he did desire to ascribe
bad motives in this connection?
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, let
me say that this thing will not win. I did not
intend to ascribe bad motives to any Senator
on this floor; but I was speaking on the bill
itself. Whether the individual who introduced
this bill meant this or not I do not know, nor
do I propose to inquire. I speak of the effect
of the bill, and the effect of it is not to be
evaded by making it a personal matter. I in-
tended nothing personal about it, and certainly
I shall not be diverted from my purpose by any
allusions of that kind. I observe at the con-
clusion of the amendment of the committee
these words:
And the United States shall pay to said company,
their successors or assigns, such sum as may be rea-
sonably due for such use and occupation thereof.
Has that clause been stricken out?
Mr. CONNESS. That has been stricken
out.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, I am
only surprised that it has been. It expressly-
provided that we should give in substance this
island to the railroad company, and then if
we had occasion hereafter to use it ourselves
we should pay them for it. This clause has
been stricken out; but it leaves it on the foot-
ing simply of other private property. If the
Government takes my land for military pur-
poses it is required to pay me for it, and as
this bill stands, if the Government should ever
take possession of a part of this island that
may be used for railroad purposes, the Gov-
ernment can be called upon to pay for it, and
they will in the absence of a provision declar-
ing that the Government shall have the use of
it without pay. If it is intended that the Gov-
ernment shall have the right to resume pos-
session of this island and use it without pay,
it should be so provided in the bill. But it is
left just in that position where it will be on the
footing of other property that may be taken
for the public use. There is a provision that
41 in case of such suspension of said privilege,
it shall be the right of the United States to
take possession of the part of said island sub-
ject to said privilege, together with all buildings
and other fixtures erected thereon by said com-
pany, and to occupy and use the same for mili-
tary purposes during the war."
Our right is to be confined forever hereafter
"during the war." We may require this isl-
and for hospital purposes, for quarantine pur-
poses ; we may require it for arsenals, or may
require it for various purposes as a nation for
which the Government requires property in
other parts of the United .States, but we are
not to have it from this company except dur-
ing war.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator will not regard
it as an interruption, I desire to suggest that
before reaching this island there are three
others in the bay, one, the Island of Alcatraz,
on which the Government is constructing
works of defense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the Chair must call
up the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is Senate bill No. 488.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall be allowed to
get a vote on this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] This
bill has been up now for the fourth time, and
I wish very much to get a vote upon it. It is
essential that the company know where they
are to have their western terminus. We are
near the end of this session. They want to
begin their operations, and i hope we shall be
allowed to come to a vote upon this^measure
this morning. I would not ordinarily make
this appeal, but I hope the Senator from Maine
will see its importance, and will allow us to
go on with the further consideration of this
bill at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course, if I
were to consult my own personal feelings and
wishes, I should be very glad to acquiesce in
the suggestion of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Conness;] but I am admonished by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] whose
bill was pushed aside yesterday by the appro-
priation bill, that he will insist, if I yield to
this request, that his bill shall take its place.
I should be very glad to yield as a personal
consideration, but I think the Senator from
California will see that, having insisted that
the appropriation bill should go on yesterday
against the Senator from Vermont, he ought
not to appeal to me as a personal considera-
tion to yield to him now. Still, if the Senate
were ready to take the vote on this railroad
bill, I would not object to the appropriation
bill being laid aside informally ; but if it is to
lead to discussion, I am not in a condition to
yield.
Mr. CONNESS. I reply to the honorable
Senator that I have begged for a vote on- this
bill a great many times, and I have not made
this discussion. The honorable Senator from
Indiana has seen fit, in pursuance of his duty,
I doubt not, this morning to make statements
which, if he were better informed, I know he
would not have made. I understand that
Senator's character too well to ascribe any
other disposition to him; but he mistakes the
objects and purposes and intents of this
measure. Nevertheless, if we can get a vote,
I am perfectly willing to waive all debate on
my part. -
Mr. MORTON. I yielded the floor because
the morning hour had ended, and not for
speeches, for I had not quite concluded my re-
marks. There was one other thing I wanted
to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the present
stage of the appropriation bill, and in view of
the position I was obliged to assume yesterday
against the bill presented by the Senator from
Vermont of a strong public character, while!
have no personal wish on the subject myself,
I think I ought to present to the Senate the ques-
tion in this case. If this bill is to be debated,
I ought to submit to the Senate the question
whether it will now postpone the appropriation
bill and go on with this bill with the understand-
ing that there is to be a long debate on it. _ I
would not, however, object to the appropriation
bill being laid aside informally simply to take
a vote on this bill.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the honorable Senator from
Maine. The difference between this a.nd the
case of the Senator from Vermont is this: the
Senator from Vermont called up a bill which
had just been reported from a committee, which
was new matter; it was the first time it had
been considered; but this bill has been before
the Senate a great many times; it has been
discussed until I think everybody understands
it. I believe it is the first time I have made
such a request of the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, butl really
hope that he will allow this bill to be proceeded
with informally for the present, and if we can-
not soon take a vote on it we can then resume
the consideration of the appropriation bill; but
if we can vote on this, let us have it disposed
of one way or the other. There is certainly no
similarity between this and the case of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. The Senator from Ver-
mont will have an opportunity again, whereas
this bill has been taken up and laid down until
everybody is tired of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is
proposed to lay aside the order of the day in-
formally for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the bill which has been under
consideration during the morning hour. Is
there any objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to have it
go on the statement of the Senator from New
York that tkia bill under the circumstances is
entitled to preference in the consideration of
the Senate over the one to which I- had the
honor to ask their attention yesterday. That
was a measure of great public consequence,
either for good or for evil—there will be a dif-
ference of opinion as to that—and one which
we all know perfectly well it will require a
good while to pass. The Senate decided that
they would not consider it, but would this.
Now, I make no objection to the Senate going
on and considering these railroad bills as long
as they please; I only wish to call their atten-
tion to the fact that if they prefer to occupy
the time, when a veto is impending over a pub-
lic measure, in considering bills that we can
pass on the last day of the session and have
them approved, to the exclusion of such meas-
ures of a public character as I have named,
they have a perfect right to do so, and it is not
my province to complain. I make no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to passing by the order of the
day informally? No objection being made, the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] to the amendment
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad to
the bill (S. No. 159) relating to the Western
Pacific railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to have
a distinct understanding about this. The regu-
lar order is passed over informally, I under-
stand, with the right to resume it provided this
bill leads to discussion.
Mr. CONNESS. It certainly must lead to
some discussion. I will not debate it if I can
avoid doing so, I am sure.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow twenty minutes for this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; say
twenty minutes.
Mr. MORTON. I had just one further
remark to make in regard to this bill, and that
is that the pretended reservations in the bill in
favor of the United States amount to nothing.
The Government has all the rights which it
pretends to reserve in regard to any and all
real estate, and if it had made an absolute and
unconditional grant of this island to this rail-
road company it would still have every right
in regard to it, in time of war'or danger, for
military purposes that it is pretended to reserve
on the face of the bill. These reservations
are simply deceptive in their character. They
amount simply to tha,t right which the Govern-
ment has as to all real estate, whether con-
veyed absolutely or not.
Mr. President, it is within the province
directly of the chief of engineers to determine
this question that is here said to be reserved,
the value and the extent of the island needed
for military purposes. Why, therefore, the
objection to leaving it to him ? As was said by
the Senator from Maine, there is a report now
from an engineer made on this subject. I am
told that it was adverse to this claim, and for
one I should like to hear that report read.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am very
much surprised at the position taken by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mos-
ton,] for I know how devotedly he labors to
promote the public welfare, and that all he
says and does in this Chamber is controlled by
his conviction of public duty ; but if the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] was right
a few days since in the discussion of this ques-
tion, if the completion of this great railroad is
to revolutionize the trade of the world, if the
people of the whole United States and the
trading part of all civilized nations are inter-
ested in shortening this line, should this bill
pass it secures a line for the western end of
this road about one hundred miles shorter, as
I have been led to believe, than the old line.
If, therefore, this railroad company were averse
to the construction of this branch road mak-
