2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
The SPEAKER. Or by dispensing with this
call and ordering another.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to have them called for.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr Wood] objects.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to ask a parliament-
ary question. Yesterday I was granted indefi-
nite leave of absence. Am I not entitled now
to leave the Hall and go home?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is so entitled. When the House grants
such leave of absence it is for the member to
avail himself of it or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was my intention to
have left last evening or this evening, but as I
did not get ready yesterday I have been
detained here this evening.
The SPEAKER. When the House grants
indefinite leave of absence the member has a
right to take advantage of it, and leave or con-
tinue in the Hall as he sees fit.
Mr. .SCHENCK. Is it in order to ask leave
of absence for members?
The SPEAKER. It is in order only to grant
leave of absence where a member desires it.
Mr. SCLIENCK. 1 ask unanimous consent
that indefinite leave of absence be granted to
all the gentlemen on the other side.
The SPEAKER. They have not asked it,
and the Chair cannot ask it for them. It is
for the members themselves to ask it or to
authorize it to be asked for them.
Mr. WOOD. Is the gentleman willing we
shall all retire from the Hall?
The SPEAKER. That was the object, as
the Chair understood it, but the Chair will not
entertain the proposition.
Mr. WOOL). We will absent ourselves if it
is desired.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] states that he will take
advantage of the request if it is granted. The
Chair, therefore, tlnnks the request can be
made for the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. The Chair misunderstands me.
I do not desire leave of absence for myself.
If I go, I go with my friends; not without.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman feels
authorized to ask leave of absence for all of
them, the Chair will entertain the proposition.
Mr. WOOD. We will stay here until morn-
ing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want it understood that
there is no objection on this side.
After some minutes,
Mr. COVODE said: I wish to ask unani-
mous consent of the House to make a few
remarks at this time for the purpose of edifying
and instructing the gentlemen on the other
side of the House. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. WOOD. We have no objection on this
side of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. COVODE. All I can say is that I am
sorry that objection is made.
Some minutes afterward,
Mr. BINGHAM said : I desire again to ask
the unanimous consent of the House that a
vote be taken on the pending resolution. If
that is granted, and that resolution is acted
upon, then I propose to offer the other resolu-
tion, and have it printed, so that it may come
up to-morrow. The House will remember
that when I opened this question this after-
noon, before this controversy arose, I stated
that there was no disposition on the part of
the committee to prevent discussion on the
gonoral resolution.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. HIGBY. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. Was there any condition
attached to the proposition ?
The SPEAKER. There was none.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I hope there will be
no objection.
Mr. HIGBY. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And I also object to
the proposition, unless it contains also a prop-
osition that there shall be some debate on the
resolution.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. BUTLER s^id: I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a statement.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared and
reported that, in pursuance of the order of
the House, he had arrested, and now had at
the bar of the House. Mr. Samuel J. Raxdaix,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. David A. Nunx, of
Tennessee.
Mr. PILE. I move that the members now
at the bar of the House he allowed to take
their seats, subject to the farther order of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 21, noes 89.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. VAN AUKEN called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty-two in the affirm-
ative.
So (one fifth of a quorum voting in the
affirmative) tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Trimble of Kentucky, and Mr. Hooper of
Massachusetts were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 24, noes 93.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 2, not voting
75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arncll, Delos It.
A^lilev, Baker, Baldwin, Batnes. Bcaman, Beatfy,
Bock, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Butler, Cory, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clai ke, Cobb.Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Drigers, Eggleston, E!a, Kldridge,
Ferris, Ferry, Fields, Getz, Giossbrenner,Golladay,
llaight, llalscy, Harding, Hifjby, Hill, Hopkins,
Hotohkiss, Chester D. Hnhbard, Hunter, Inge-rsoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory, McCarthy, McClunr. McCormick, Mereur.
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Mul-
lius, Myei.s, Newcomb, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Pile, Plants, Poland, Poteley, Price,
Raum, Kobcrfoon, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye,
Shelhibarger. Starkweather, Aaron F.Stevens,Stew-
art, Stoke?, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Auken. Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Tiump, Ward, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, and
AVood—112
N AYS—Messrs. Archer, and Boyer—2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Aohlcy, Axiell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Ben-
jamin, Blaine, Boutwell. Bromwell. Buckland. Cake,
Chanler.Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold,
Grovcr, Hawkiu«,Holman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Humphrey,
Jones, Kelley, Kelley, Kitchen, Laflin, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard, McCullough, Mornssey, Mungen,
Kihlaek- Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pmneroy,
Pruyn, llandall, Robinson, Ross, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens. Stone, Taber,
Taylor, Twiehcll, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, C.uhvalderC. Washburn, Eli huB. Wash burn c,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James
F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, Woodbridge,
and Woodward—75.
So the motion of Mr. Pilc was agreed to,
and the members at the bar accordingly re* i
sumed their seats. . j
The Sergeant-at-Arms here reported that, in '
accordance with the order of the House, he I
had arrested Mr. Dawes, Mr. Washburn of j
Massachusetts, Mr. Mvnvix, Mr. Woodmiidge,
and Mr. Smith, and brought them to the bar
of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that they be allowed
to take their seats, subject to the further orders
of the House.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. LOGAN. I move an amendment that
all brought in hereafter shall have liberty to
take their seats subject to the orders of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent. What is present can be
decided at once, but in regard to future action
unanimous consent or a suspension of the
rules is required.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. That has priority.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to reserve the right
as to the four members to whom I have already
alluded.
The SPEAKER. The onlyreservationnnder
parliamentary law is to be found on page 32 of
the Digest:
"By an adjournment pendin? a call all proceed-
ings in tho call are terminated ; but where the House
has previously passed an order specially directing
otherwise such special direction should doubtless bo
executed."
This is the precedent in the Twenty-Seventh
Congress, reaffirmed afterward by a decision
which does not appear in the Digest. It is
within the recollection of the Chair where a
quorum was present in the House all further
proceedings were dispensed with under the
call, with the condition that those still absent
should be brought to the bar by the Sergeant-
at-Arms at the opening of the House the next
day.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I want the reservation as
to these four.
The SPEAKER. The only way that can be
done is to vote down the motion to dispense
with all farther proceedings under this call.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
To, noes 51.
So Mr. Beamax's motion was reject'ed.
The yeas aud nays were ordered on Mr.
Ai/ltson's motion.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 3, not voting
61); as follows :
YEAS—M essrs. All ibon, Ames, Archer, Ara ell. Delos
R. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Barnes. Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Broomall,
Burr, Butler, Gary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullom,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly. Drigrars, Eggleston, Ela,
Eldridge, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Getz, Giossbrenner,
Golladay, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd. Julian, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan. Logan, Loushridsre,
Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, McClurg, MeCormick,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, "Morgan, Mor-
rell, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Phflps, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Sheilabarger,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, £Stoke&,
Taffo, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Tumble, Tiowbridge, Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van
Hoin, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Wood—117.
NAYS—Mews. Brooks. Haight, and Stone—3.
2sOT V0112sG—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Axtell. Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benja-
min, Blaine. Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland, Cake,
Chanler. Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Fmnev, Fox, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold,
Grovcr, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard,
llichaid D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Laflin. Marshall, Marvin,
Maynard, McCullough, Monissey, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Peters, Pike, Pomeroy. Pruvn, Robinson, Ross,
Shanks, Sitgrcav _s, Smirh, Spalding, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Taber, Twirheil, Van Aernam, Van Wyck,
Cadwalader. C. Washburn, Elihu^B. Wa«hlmrne,
Ilcnrv D. Washburn, W illiam B. Washburn, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. WiNoa, Windoiu, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—09.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mi. BROOMALL. J submit the following
resolution :
llewloid. That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to brin? the absent members to the barof the Houio
to-morrow at one o'clock p. in., there to abide the
order ot the House; and that all further proceedings
undcrthe call of the IIout>e be dispensed with ex-
cept tor the enforcement of this order.
Mr. BL 1 LER. I think there is now a quo-
rum ot the Iriemlh of good order in the Hall.
Mr. WOOD. I rit-o to a point of order.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope everybody will re-
main.
Mr. MULLLTXS. I move to insert "then,"
so it will read " then and there abide."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
92, noes 24.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
