THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Marcih 3,
Here thsre may be some danger that, elated by
recent success, we may seek to give unneeded
demonstrations of courage and ability to wage
a war abroad as well as at home of grand and
exhaustive proportions.
We have broken the shackles which bound
millions of people in human bondage, and they
are elevated to the high rank of American cit-
izens. Here the only apprehension is that
these new-made citizens will not be provided
with that education which ought to be secured
by public law and certainly be within the vol-
untary reach of those who hold any share in
the destinies of a republican government. The
safety of the Union and the great prize of free-
dom justify the risk. For loyalty we could
not wait the slow processes of a regeneration,
but reading, writing, and ciphering are not
plants of slow growth, aud the schoolmaster is
already abroad.
We have sustained our credit by raising
through taxation more than any one promised ;
and, iucommenoingeveu before our armies were
disbanded upon the payment and extinction of
a liberal amount of the public debt, we have
surprised indebted nations as much by the in-
tegrity of our purpose as by the extent of our
resources. But now there is some peril lest a
start so fortunate and altogether admirable
should encourage a halt fatal to our final mas-
tery in the race, or that from a large annual
reduction of the public debt we may rebound
to the point of zero and pay nothing at all.
We have forced our own people to accept,
during a lime of war, one sixth part of our
whole indebtedness in promises to pay not bear-
ing interest; and, having made these a legal
tender, all who give credit may at any moment
find their debts, instead of being paid when
due, transferred into debts against the Govern-
ment, with this difference, that they no longer
bear interest, and, as a substitute for intrinsic
value, faith must be had that the Government
will pty, though at present it positively says it
will not. This forced loan has been issued, and
there is no one authorized either to pay or to
demand the payment of the smallest part of
it, but whoever has it, or any portion of it,
can get rid of it by contracting a debt of any
sort, in gold if you please, and then tendering
these United States notes in satisfaction. The
peril is, when a loan at par and without interest
can thus be so cheaply made, that it will be
increased and never diminished. Having ap-
parently decided that contraction under no
circumstances shall take place, the door to
expansion is already half-way open. Having
postponed the payment of legal tenders indef-
initely, has not repudiation a less frightful
mien ?
During a time of war we did not hesitate to
strain the public credit by bringing out a vol-
ume of paper money wholly unprecedented in
amount, expensive as a measure of values
against the Government, but which, in spite
of ali faults, indorsed by the faith and honor
of the United States, contributed to our suc-
cess. Now, peace has dawned, and I regret to
say the tendency is that a temporary expedient
may be converted into a chronic evil from which
the country may not be rescued, exccpt through
some future convulsion by which modern legal
tenders will reach that disreputable level of the
paper of the Revolution, or where it will be
worth no more than a continental demand.
The danger is, having by costly—perhaps neces-
sary—make-shifts driven gold out of use for
seven years, that we shall further make the
fatal blunder of an attempt to divorce it for-
ever from our embrace and banish it entirely
from the country; that, having supported this
extraordinary circulation by extraordinary tax-
ation, inseparably yoked together, we shall be
unable at last to diminish taxation because of
an unwillingness to allow any portion of green-
backs to give place to the reappearance of gold
and silver.
These remarks become appropriate as we
approach the next step in the bill before us.
The fifth section of the bill, which allows
legal-tender notes to be converted into United
States bonds and bonds into legal-tender notes
at the option of the holder, now and hereafter,
without any limitation of time, is certainly an
experiment about which financial oracles must
speak without any inspired authority or any
authority of experience, and others like my-
self must feel as I do, great diffidence in ven-
turing to express an opinion adverse to what
appears to be that of a majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance, deservedly trusted by the
Senate on all such questions; but I cannot
banish the idea of a possibility, that after all it
maybe as hazardous for them as forme to pre-
dict the practical results of this new-born, os-
cillating, reciprocatory contrivance, which is
to be hereafter the magical regulator of the
circulating medium of the country, or the self-
acting governor, to let on or shut off steam
according to the necessities of trade and com-
merce. At every hazard, however, I shall
present the subject, as it appears to me, with
entire frankness and without embellishment.
Others may regard this artificial regulator of
the ebb and flow of currency as the offspring
of genius, and as such, I believe, the paternity
is already claimed by more persons than the
number of cities claiming the honorof Homer's
birth-place. But I have been unable to get up
any admiration pf the proposed measure either
at first sight or after more careful reflection.
I cannot welcome the proposition, first, be-
cause it wears the appearance of an adjust-
ment of our whole policy oil the basis of an
exclusive paper system—broad, deep, and per-
petual. Under it we are never to approach
any nearer to specie payments than we are
now. You may take United States notes to
the Treasury and get, not specie, but bonds;
or you may carry bonds and get, not specie,
but notes to t.he end of time. Notes redeemed
yesterday may need redeeming again to-day,
and loans funded to-day may be unfunded to-
morrow.
There is a grim mockery about this which
almost reaches the sublimity of the ludicrous.
The Government does not propose to pay either
bonds or notes ; the very farthest from it; but
if you have ever trusted the Government for
one or the other, and do not like the bargain,
you may swap, and after you have swapped,
if you are still sick of your bargain, you may
swap back again. This system it is proposed
to fasten upon the country to the extent of
$400,000,000, and without limit as to its dura-
tion. It looks to me like a farewell, a long
farewell, to anything but paper money, and X
would not foreclose all hope of a return to a
sounder and safer policy.
My second objection to this scheme is that it is
a positive authorization of an increased issue
of United States notes to the extent of $44,000,-
000, or from $356,000,000 to $400,000,000.
This may not be "as deep as a well, nor so
wide as a church door; but'tis enough, 'twill
serve" as a beginning, and it is expansion
invited and legalized to the amount of $44,000,-
000, more or less, or a sum almost equal to the
capital of the old United States Bank, and
about one fourth the amount of the entire bank
note circulation of the United States in 1860.
The stereotyped argumentin favor of expan-
sion is that it will make money abundant and
lower the rate of interest. How fallacious all
this is will appear by a comparison of the
money markets of the country as they stand
now and one year ago. Fortunately the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was not arrested in his
policy, fully sanctioned by Congress, until
some contraction had been .secured, and we
now haveless circulation afloat than we had last
year; but money is now much more plentiful at
all points and the rate of interest less by fully
one third, and in some quarters by one half.
Nor have banking facilities been curtailed, but
actually enlarged, as the report of the banks
for January, 1808, shows the loans and dis-
counts made by banks to have been over six
hundred and thirty-five million dollars, while
in April, 1800, they were only $045,000,000.
These facts utterly demolish the whole theory
of the expansionists.
It may be that while we are staggering under
the effects of a too free indulgence of an ex-
panded currency that a light homeopathic dose
of $50,000,000 more would sober us again;
but that philosophy, it must be admitted, has
better poetry than facts for its base. It may
be that we really need more paper money—
it would certainly be very convenient to me to
add more of it to my stock—but as a legisla-
tor I must adhere to the old-fashioned idea,
now almost obsolete it is to be feared, and still
hold when gold is at a high premium above
paper money that we have too much of the
latter in circulation and too little of the former.
I know that it is claimed that the recent war
has exploded all the maxims of other days, and
that finance has made advances as sublime and
astonishing as politics aud war. Guns with
less than fifteen or twenty inches bore are
viewed with contempt. Millions are rated as
only of a very small-bore character, and a
thousand millions to-day are no more than two
hundred prior to the large bores. The Amer-
ican eagle as stamped upon our coins disdains
his narrow coop, and, with a scream that fright-
ens the old bird of Jove, spreads himself a very
condor on greenbacks. I k ow how ridiculous
it will appear to some that objection should
be made to the trifle, the wee bit of expansion
involved in $44,000,000. Not believing, how-
ever, that the way out of a sea of troubles is to
wade further in, I cannot give my vote in that
direction, although assured, if we will only
consent to wade, we shall never, in fact, be
called upon to wade at all. The magical effects
of paper money, it may be expected, will be
maintained by the financial preachers of the
new gospel; but among nations of advanced
civilization and financial ability we are likely
to long enjoy its exclusive monopoly, for no
other nation will copy our example except as
the direst necessity. It is as true now as when
the words were first uttered by the great ora-
tor of Virginia, that there is "no way of judg-
ing the future but by the past," and the dis*
asters—the birth, the wicked life, and the igno-
minious death—of irredeemable paper money
fill the chronicles of every nation where it has
once been tolerated.
A third and fatal objection is, that its effect
will be to reduce the value of United States
bonds. If bonds can be obtained by the mere
exchange of legal tenders, how can any bonds
thereafter be expected to sell for a premium,
and if not, is that a desirable result while we
are striving to get our loans funded at a lower
rate of interest? In 18G3, we had to resort to a
doubtful right of a repeal of such a privilege in
order to get off a small loan. Is there any hope
that it will operate differently or more favorably
upon a large loan? No parties can buy the bonds
with any hope of profit, or for distribution to
other parties, and so long as they can be had
of the Government at any time at par for legal
tenders, they will not bring more in the hands
of individuals, and one of the strongest mo-
tives for the purchase of bonds will be thus
extinguished. Should this part of the bill
become a law, it would at once reduce the price
of bonds to par, and it would keep them there,
or with only a fractional difference. Many of
these bonds have been purchased at a premium,
of eight and ten per cent. Banks have been
established -when the stockholders could not
obtain bonds to deposit as security with the
Government at a less premium. To strike
down the value of property in any direction, as
would be done by this measure, to the amount
of one hundred or one hundred aud-fifty mil-
lion dollars, would be felt as a measure of great
severity, productive of no possible benefit and
justified by no adequate excuse. It may be
said that, the effect will be to raise the value of
paper money and not to sink that of bonds;
but that will depend upon whether we diminish
the quantity of paper money in circulation and
whether we improve the public credit by an
approach to its redemption in coin. A re-
demption of legal tenders in paper is no re-
demption, because they arenot to stayredeemed.
There can be no doubt that the first blow will
