1-868.
THE C0KGBESS10NAL GLOBE.
1627
fo to lower the price of bonds. Swapping one
horse for another, although one may be better
than the other, does not increase their aggre-
gate value; and when the exchange is to be
made at the option of one party and not the
other, and repeated at will, it will soon be seen
that Uncle Sam will have all the time the
poorest horse on his hands. It has been argued
that this invention of the vibratory power to
change legal tenders into bonds and bonds into
legal tenders at the will of the holder, will be
a selt-adjusting system that will always give us
the exact quantity of currency needed at all
points of the country, winding up in one place
and unwinding in another; or when there is too
much currency afloat that it will be deposited
to get the accruing interest, and when there is
too little that bonds will be exchanged for more.
This theory has all the charms of a perpetual
motion, but can Senators believe it will do all
that its advocates vouch for? In the city of
New York, Boston, and Philadelphia they have
plenty of bonds, but in these great money mar-
kets no more currency is needed—would rather
■part with some they have, perhaps, and they
will not therefore exchange. In Vermont they
have plenty of cattle, horses, wool, butter, and
cheese; and in Missouri plenty of corn, wheat,
and tobacco, which they would like to exchange
for money or currency, but they have compara-
tively few bonds, and the privilege of exchang-
ing bonds for currency becomes a mockery.
Now, any party holding bonds who really wants
paper currency for them, can get it anywhere,
not only dollar for dollar, but eight per cent,
more. And if this part of the bill should be-
come a law, he would be very much worse off
than he now is, because he will then be able to
obtain for every $1,000 in bonds only $1,000
in currency, but now he can obtain $1,080 for
such a bond.
1 know it may be contended, in order to suit
all parties, that its practical operation will be
to fund a large amount of greenbacks. It is
an anagram section which read straight along
reads, expansion; but slightly transposed it
reads, contraction. Pay your money and you
have your choice 1 We have already passed a
law to hamstring the Secretary of the Treas-
ury against any further contraction. Do Sen-
ators intend this measure as a repeal of that
law ? I do not feel at liberty to draw that con-
clusion. If there was not an expectation of
expansion, why provide for it beyond the pres-
ent limits of the United States notes? The
Secretary must be guided by the laws, and
these will require him to increase on demand
the amount to $400,000,000 and will not allow
him to cancel or retire a dollar, except such
part as may be in excess of that amount. If the
framers of this part of the bill had intended
contraction it would have been easy to have so
framed it, but they did not, and they have not
blundered in adapting the bill to their purpose.
But it will be said that national banks and
savings institutions will make use of the privi-
lege here granted for using their temporary
surplus, or that their depositors will so use
the privilege. This is answered by the fact,
that the national banks have already invested
as large a share of their means in United
States bonds as they can spare if they are to
continue their business of discounts and loans
to the public ; and savings institutions, them-
selves subscribers to large amounts of the
stock of national banks, have even more
largely invested their means in United States
debts. In the State of Nevv York alone they
probably have fifty millions so invested, and all
made up by the earnings of small or picayune
depositors. It will be in vain to expect that any
of these institutions will unwisely rob their cus-
tomers of their usual accommodations in order
to invest in a five per cent, loan, and their depos-
itors will find no greater incentive for the tem-
porary holding ot bonds to obtain the interest
thereon than they now enjoy through the power
of purchase and sale. The United States can-
not be expected to be largely benefited by the
proposed change. It surrenders the option to
its creditors) and a shrewd \ ankee never does
that. It changes in effect all its time loans to
demand loans, while it notoriously has not the
means to pay, does not intend to pay any con-
siderable amount on demand, and, if it could
so pay on call, it might borrow and ought to
borrow at a much less rate.
I am aware that this system of mutual ex-
change and eternal brotherhood between legal
tenders and United States bonds is made to
cease upon the resumption of specie payments,
but specie payments, by this very system, can-
not but be interdicted. Practically there is no
limit. To find a limitation of the system in
this provision might be as properly anticipated
as to expect to get warmed by a very small
amount of moonshine—and not more.
There is another bill reported by the Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] with the
apparent sanction, 1 regret to add, of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to amend an act entitled
1' An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, which must
be taken as the complement of the series of
measures we are to have from the appropriate
financial organ of the Senate; and we must
look at these Senate bills, Nos. 207 and 329, both
reported on the*same morning, (February 6,)
as parts of one scheme. I invite Senators to
examine them together. Indeed the second
bill takes it for granted that the first bill will
pass, as it is founded upon bonds of the "con-
solidated debt," and we can have no such
bonds unless the first bill becomes a law.
An examination of this new banking bill will
show, although it has but one section, that it
jcontains many distinct propositions, and that
it ends, the Senator from Missouri must per-
mit me to say with entire respect., with a pro-
viso which, like the postscript of ladies' letters,
is most important of all, and quite suggestive
of the propriety of those ominous words,
"please burn as soort as read." The first
proposition is a repeal of so much of existing
law as limits the amount of circulating notes
of national banks to $300,000,000, and author-
izes an extension of the system on the condi-
tion that circulating notes shall be received to
an amount not exceeding eighty per cent, of
the par value of the bonds of the 4' consolidated
debt of the United States" deposited by any
banking associations organized for the pur-
pose.
This is intended to inaugurate what is called
"free banking," and at the proper time, and
with proper restrictions, I am aecidely in favor
of the principle. There ought to be no mo-
nopoly of banking privileges in this country.
But 1 object to any multiplication of banks of
circulation until the United States begin to
retire from that kind of business. Two of a
trade will agree to overdo the business. When
specie resumption takes place, then "free
banking" will be admissible, but not till then.
Let us look at the description and amount of
paper now outstanding:
Three-year compound-interest no tcs $46,244,780
Compound-interest notes matin cd  6,900,390
Three per cent, certificates 26,040,000
Total .$78.185.170
This amount, though not in actual circula-
tion, is held as a reserve by the banks, and
serves to keep in circulation an equal amount
of bank and United States notes that otherwise
would take its place. Beyond this we have—
United States notes ...$356,159,127 00
Fractional currency 
National bank currency, (about)  d00,000.000 00
Total 8688,405,565 51
The proposition of this bill is to increase the
amount of bank circulation at once from the
amount of United States notes ($35t>,159.r27)
and national bank notes, ($300,000,000.) being
$650,159,127, up to the sum of $700,000,000,
or a positive increase, in -round numbers, ot
$44,000,000. The fractional currency, amount-
ing to $32,246,438 61, is wholly ignored in this
bill, as well as in the funding bill, as too insig-
nificant an item to be taken into any account.
This authorized increase it cannot be pretended
is problematical, like that in the funding bill;
and it is in the outset identical with that author*
ized in the fifth section of the consolidated debt
bill which we are now considering, and open to
all the objections existing against any form of
expansion. But there is greater and illimit-
able expansion lurkingintlierather remarkable
proviso which decorates the tail of the bill. Let
me read it, bearing in mind that this is the sole
limitation proposed on free banking :
Provided, That whenever the amount of United
States notes and simulating notes of national banks
combined shall be in excess ot' 8700,000,000 the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorised and required to
retire and cancel, as rapidly aspossible, Uuited States
notes to the extent of such excess, until the wholfl
amount of United States notes outstanding shall be
reduced to $250,000,000.
Here is no language-directly proposing ex-
pansion. The first part of the bill opens wide
the door to that by permitting unrestricted or
free banking, and this proviso, with choice
words, then proposes to "retire and cancel"
United States notes, but only the excess of
circulation above the combined amount of
$700,000,000. It is, therefore, to retire and
cancel, so as at once to increase the amount
of paper money in circulation. It occurs to
me that once before in this Senate, in the ren-
conter between Benton and Foote, a movement
of one of the parties was described by himself
as an "advance backward." The action and
the words then illustrate the bill before us now,
and never was expansion up to the extent of
$44,000,000 wrapped up or sugar-coated with
apter words than "retire and cancel." But
lying back of this a much bolder "advance
backward" crops out. The Secretary of the
Treasury is to be authorized to retire United
States notes as fast as he issues national bank
notes. When combined the whole amount shall
be in excess of $700,000,000, until the whole
amount of United States notes outstanding
shall be' reduced to $250,000,000, or until
about $150,000,000 shall have been added to
the bank circulation, and §106,000,000 sub-
stracted from the circulation of United States
notes. Does any one, from a cursory reading
of the bill, understand that at this time the
limitation ceases and national bank notes may
be issued thereafter upon the proper deposit
of bonds wholly without stint? Yet that is the
fact; and if free banking should not prove in-
operative there would soon be no legal or prac-
tical barriers against twice or thrice the amount
of currency now afloat. In other words, when
new and old banks have obtained such an ad-
dition to their stock as will entitle them to and
make their entire circulation $450,000,000,
leaving $250,000,000 of United States notes
outstanding, then the Secretary is to retire and
cancel no longer, and the national bank cur-
rency, after that, may mount up to the highest
altitudes of free banking without let or hin-
derance. It seems to me that no Senator can
vote for this unless he passes it by as harmless
for the reason that it will be inoperative.
There is in the body of the bill some harsh
phrases that it appears to mo impolitic to re-
sort to at this time; and I allude to the pro-
vision that compels within one year every
existing national bank to substitute bonds
now held for the new or five per cent, bonds
already mentioned, with a penalty of forfeit-
ure for any failure or refusal so to do. _ Why
should not this substitution be left optional?
I know that we have power to modify or repeal
the banking act; but I do not like to place
upon the statutes any law which shall compel
any holder to part with bonds upon other or
different terms than those stipulated when the
bonds were purchased unless at the option of
the holder. This not only regulates the banks,
but it punishes the owners if they do not ex-
change their bonds for those bearing a less
rate of interest. The inducement offered by
the terms of the proposed "consolidated debt
of the United States" should effect the pro-
posed substitution, aud there is no need of
cracking the whip as though after us comes
