1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
OCCUPATION OF SAN JUAN ISLAND. I
Mr. HOWARD. I beg leave to call up the ;
resolution which I had the honor to present
yesterday morning in relation to the occupancy
of the island of San Juan, in Puget sound.
It is a mere resolution of inquiry, and I think
there will be no objection to its -passage. I
move that it be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Remhffl, That the President be respectfully re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incom-
putable with- the public interest, any agreement
between the Government of the United States and
that of Great Britain in relation to the occupation
of the island of San Juan, in Puget sound, with
copies of any correspondence on tho subject of the
claims of ;he respective Governments to said island,
and a statement of tho reasons why the Government
oft he United States has permitted a joint occupation
of the same to Great Britain.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state for the inform-
ation of the Seuator from Michigan that dur-
ing the last session of Congress a similar res-
olution was introduced into the other House,
and the papers, I understand, were transmitted
to that House in response to that resolution,
and I presume that all the information which
he desires can be obtained from those papers.
I do not know whether that is any objection to
the passage of this resolution or not, but the
President has once been called upon to answer
a resolution like this by the other House.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what may
have taken place in relation to this subject since
the transmission of the documents to which the
Senator refers. It may be that there has beeii
some farther diplomatic correspondence be-,
tween the two Governments in relation to this
island since that time, and if so I am exceed-
ingly anxious to see what it is. It is a very
easy matter for the President to refer to the
printed papers which he has already furnished
to Congress in answer to so much of the res-
olution, and that will save the trouble of
recopying them at the Department.
\\ hile 1 am up I will say further that I think
the time has come when the Government ought
to show earnestness in respect to the occupancy
of this island by the British. If I understand
the question aright it is clear enough that Great
Britain has no sort of right to any occupancy
of the island of San Juan, in Puget sound,
and that the conduct of her authorities there
has been that of mere intruders upon an Amer-
ican possession ; and if this be so it becomes
the dignity of this Government to correct this
error at the earliest period. Of course I will
not undertake to prejudge the question between
the two Governments now, but what I want is
a full and ample statement of all the facts in
regard to thi3 so-called joint possession. I do
not know how it has happened that the Govern-
ment of the United States has been obliged to
hold joint occupancy of this island, which, ac-
cording to my ideas, lies plainly within the juris-
dictional limits of the United States, with British
military forces upon one end and American mil-
itary forces upon the other. I think this style
of occupation oughtto be terminated at the ear-
liest possible period by the withdrawal either
of the one description or the other description
of force. I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe there was a sim-
ilar resolution offered in the House of Repre-
sentatives at the last session, but the reply of
the Secretary of State was that it was in-
compatible with the public interest to give such
information, and therefore no such information
was transmitted to the House. That is my
remembrance of the case. I agree with the
Senator from Michigan that the joint occu-
pancy of the island of San Juan has been con-
tinued quite long enough. That joint occupa-
tion began by the consent of one of our generals,
who was sent there to examine into the matter
at a time when we were somewhat embarrassed,
and our embarrassments having continued
almost to the present time the joint occupancy
has been allowed to continue. I believe with
the Senator from Michigan that it is time it
was terminated. We only agreed to vary from
the line of the forty-ninth parallel so as to give
to the British Government Vancouver's island,
on which Victoria is situated; but the treaty
designates that the boundary shall be such and
such a channel, and the maps very plainly
designate which is the deepest channel. I
think the question ought to be examined now
and the joint occupancy terminated, and we
Vhould begin to exercise the jurisdiction over
that island which clearly belongs to us, in my
opinion. I hope this resolution will pass.
Mr. SUMNLR. I see no objection to the
resolution with the limitation which it contains
referring the whole subject to the discretion of
the President, even if there has been a call
by the other House and that call has been
answered. I was not aware that the call of
the other House had been answered. I do not
remember that. I have seen the documents on
this subject in print, but I remember that some
years ago it became my duty in this Chamber
to peruse the documents bearing on this import-
ant question. They are voluminous, some of
them very able. Among them is a paper by
the late Mr. Appleton, who was Assistant Sec-
retary at the State Department, which I have
no hesitation in saying was one of the ablest
State papers in the history of our country. That
is still slumbering in manuscript. It is a paper
which contains our whole case. I should be
very glad to see it communicated to the public.
It is not, however, for us in this hasty action
to pronounce how a joint occupation which
has been so solemnly agreed upon between the
two Governments shall be terminated. Sen-
ators may remember that as the war of our
rebellion began we were on the point of sub-
mitting this whole question to arbitration and
the Government of Switzerland had been in-
dicated as one to which we might properly
submit it. All proceedings of this character,
however, were arrested by the war. I am very
glad that my friend from Michigan has called
attention to it now. I agree with him that it
ought to be settled ; whether by arbitration or
whether by negotiation I cannot say, but it
ought to be settled.
Mr. CORBETT. My remembrance of the
j case is that there has been no solemn agree-
1 ment between the two Governments for the
joint occupancy of this island; that it was
agreed upon by General Scott, when he was
sent there by our Government to ascertain the
cause of the difficulties then existing, as a
temporary occupation, until such measures
should be taken as would settle the rights of
the two Governments to the island. That was
some ten years ago, nearly, and I think it is
very near time that we ascertain which Gov-
ernment has the right to the island.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator answer me how it has happened that a
joint occupancy has been agreed upon be-
tween .the two Governments? If I under-
stand rightly the divisional boundary line be-
tween the two Governments follows a ship-
channel, and as a matter of course it cannot
cross an island at all, so that if the island of
San Juan belongs to anybody it belongs either
absolutely to Great Britain or absolutely to
the United States, and'I cannot understand
what foundation there was to agree upon a
joint occupancy of an island thus circum-
stanced. However, the documents will prob-
ably explain the reasons of it; but if the hon-
orable Senator has any information on that
subject I should be glad to hear it.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state for the inform-
ation of the honorable Senator that the forty-
ninth parallel does not cross the island of San
Juan. That line crosses Vancouver's island,
which is occupied entirely by the British Gov-
ernment ; and we consented to a deviation of
the line from the forty-ninth parallel through
this ship-channel, thereby giving to the Brit-
ish Government Vancouver's island. The
deepest channel runs between Vancouver's
island and the island of San Juan ; but as the
Hudson Bay Company's boat used sometimes
to go up on the outside of this channel (there
being another channel between that and some
other islands) they claim that they have there-
fore a right to this other island of San Juan,
whereas by all the maps the deepest channel
laid down is between the island of San Juan
and Vancouver's island. Now the Govern-
ment of the United States claim, and the peo-
ple who occupy the island of San Juan claim,
that we only deviated from the forty-ninth
parallel so as to give the British Vancouver's
island, but not to give them any other island
while the British Government claim that they
are entitled not only to Vancouver's island,
but to the island of San Juan, between which
two islands the channel passes.
The resolution was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM MARYLAND.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the creden-
tials of Hon. Philip Francis Thomas, has
directed me to submit a report. I ask for the
reading of the report.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to nhom was
referred the credentials of Hon. Philip F. Thomas,
Senator-elect from the State of Maryland, beg leave
to report:
That they have taken the evidence submitted there-
with, and that they find nothing sufficient, in tho
opinion of the committee, to debar said Thomas from
taking his seat, unless it be found in the fact of the
son of said Thomas having entered the military ser-
vice oftheconfedcracyand in the circumstances con-
nected with that fact or relating to it; and, without
the expression of an opinion in regard to this paint,
they report the whole evidence to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move the printing of
the report and the evidence under the instruc-
tion of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. And I offer on my own
behalf, which will await the action of the Sen-
ate upon that report, the following resolution:
Retained, That Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Senator-
elect fromMaryland.be admitted to his seat on his
taking tho oaths prescribed by tho Constitution and
laws of the United States.
I move that the resolution lie on the table
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN LAND GRANTS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 91.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 91)
concerning certain lands granted to railroad
companies in the States of Michigan and Wis-
consin. It provides that a failure to grade
twenty miles of the roads within two years
from the passage of the act entitled "An act
to extend the time for the completion of cer-
tain railroads to which land grants have been
made in the States of Michigan and Wiscon-
sin," approved on the 3d of March, 18(55,
and twenty miles additional thereof in each
year thereafter, as required by that act, shall
not cause any forfeiture or reversion to the
United States of any lands granted to those
States, or either of them, to aid in the con-
struction of the railroads described; but the
companies, or either of them, are to fully com-
plete their railroads in the manner required by
law on or before the 31st of December, 1872,
at which time a failure is to forfeit the lands
to the United States.
The second section directs the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to cause a patent,
in due form of law, to be issued to the Chicago
and Northwestern Railway Company, (in pur-
suance of a resolution passed by Congress
granting the same to the State of Wisconsin,
approved April 25, 18G2, and an act of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, approved June 10,
1862, granting the same to that company,)
for eighty acres of land of the Fort Howard
military reserve.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen#
ate without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not kpow that
such a resolution was pending in the Senate.
I will inquire if it is reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
