THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %,
the deluge! Besides, it will prove wholly nuga-
tory, If the bonds held by banks should be
found to be worth more than par they would
be sold for the premium and the new ones
purchased at par. The threat, if it should be
wholly unsheathed, can at last only mean a
payment at par in greenbacks, which is the
precise value of the substitute now offered, for
it is not quite proposed to confiscate the bonds.
It is a great mistake to suppose that the stock
of the national banks and United States bonds
have been subscribed for or are now held by
men of large capital. Patriotism made both
popular, and the masses came forth with the
accumulations of many years of toil, and laid
them all in the lap of the Government they
loved so well. There are to-day in the one
thousand six hundred and forty-three na-
tional banking associations two hundred and
twenty-three thousand and eighty-three stock-
holders, and they have deposited bonds with
the Treasurer of the United States as security
for circulation and deposits to the amount of
$876,502,250, which shows that the average
amount owned by each stockholder is $1,687.
I am also able to give an exact statement as to
the distribution of the seven-thirty loan, and
it may be fairly supposed that all our loans
were distributed in the same manner:
Number. Denomination. Amount.
962,580  50s $48,129,000
1,474,940  1008 147,494,000
430,792  5008 219,896,000
370,376 1000s 370,370,000
8,821 50008 44,105,000
3,256,509 $830,000,000
This by no means shows that three million two
hundred and fifty-six thousand five hundred
and nineteen persons subscribed for or hold
this popular loan, but it affords the strongest
evidence that much the largest share  f it was
taken by persons of moderate means. The
smaller denominations were called for and
were never fully supplied, as is proven by the
fact that denominations less than one thousand
dollars, after the loan was all taken, continued
to hear a premium above larger denominations.
I bring out the facts, not that it should make any
difference in our legislation whether the own-
ers of the banks and the holders of the debt of
the United States be few or many, but to rebut
the unfounded charge that any apparent breach
of the public faith will only pinch a small num-
ber who were so graceless as to have been rich,
and who, for having in the days of peril fool-
ishly trusted their Government, deserve to be
made poor.
It may be that the national banks in some
parts of the country are earning too large divi-
dends, and, if that is the fact, let us amend the
law, but I imagine it will be found that any
extraordinary gains are solely derived from
deposits and from the incidents of a suspension
of specie payments. When the latter ceases
fat dividends will be the exception and not the
rule.
The two Senate bills before us appear to me,
as a whole, and that is the only proper way to
consider them, inadequate to the present emer-
gency,and, though notso intended, as quite ade-
quate to the retardation of our deliverance from
the evils under which we at present suffer. If
we cannot improve our condition it would seem
to be better not to show any bustling activity
in such legislation as will be productive of
merely questionable results. The scheme
seems to be constructed, in part at least, not
for the purpose of settling financial questions
upon sound principles, but so as to veer and
haul with every wind and tide. Nothing is so
permanently settled by it as the reign of paper
money. The first bill authorizes an increase
of United States notes to the amount of
$44,000,000. The second bill authorizes an
increase to the same extent of national bank
notes, unless,perchance, the field should be pre-
occupiedby UnitedStates notes, a double guar-
antee of expansion, and provides speedily for
the issue of national bank notes ad infinitum.
The quantity of our currency is to be largely
increased in bulk and the quality proportion-
ately diminished in its value or purchasing
power. I may be wrong, but I cannot suffer
such measures to pass without an earnest re-
monstrance, believing it is possible to do much
better, and that to do nothing would not be
worse.
Having fields on the golden coasts of the
Pacific producing the precious metals surpass-
ing in extent the wildest dreams of the gold-
hunters who followed in the wake of Columbus,
we are asked to perpetuate measures to cheapen
their value by ignoring their use at home, and
by sending abroad, if possible, not merely our
whole annual production, but the reserved
accumulations of past generations, to overstock
and depress the markets of the world.
Ambitious as we are to open through the
golden gates of San Francisco a new. passage
to the trade of Oriental nations which seems
ready to drop into our lap, we yet propose to
begin this great enterprise by hampering ex-
ports with a paper currency or with conditions
under which it is impossible that any export
trade can rise or flourish. Then we have New
York on the Atlantic, with a harbor and bay
of matchless beauty and extent, overtaking and
rapidly passing nearly all the great cities of
commercial nations. Now York is not less
ambitious than her younger sister in the dis-
tant West, and is eager to become the great
distributor of commerce—to be, and with all
the prerogatives of power to be, the empire
city and center of the money exchanges of the
world. Yet, we deliberately propose to stum-
ble in the first act, by clinging to a currency
rejected as-money by all the nations of the
earth, and thus reduce our prospective growth
and magnificence in commerce to the pitiful
dimensions of barter-trade—rude, clumsy, and
unprolitably inconsiderable in amount.
That the political, financial, and industrial
questions now demanding solution at the hands
of the American people are of more than ordi-
nary importance must be admitted; that they
are cruelly exaggerated by unscrupulous polit-
ical partisans cannot be denied; but I see no
reason to doubt that, by deliberation and a free
and frank discussion, all these questions can,
at a day not remote, be adjusted on such sound,
sure-footed economy, integrity, and justice as
will open to our country a higher career of pros-
perity and honor than is to be found even in
all the achievements of its past fortunate and
most remarkable history.
Mr. ANTHONY. If no Senator desires to
discuss this question to-day, I move to take
up 
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to speak on
this question to-morrow; and if the Senator
will allow mo to take the floor upon it, he can
then submit his motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will make a motion to
postpone, if you desire it.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir ; I wish this
bill to be the unfinished businessfor to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it be understood that
the Senator from Missouri has the floor upon
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take that to be the understanding of the
Senate.
REVISION OP Tire EDLES.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate has been for a day or two in a very orderly
and parliamentary mood, and I move now that"
we proceed to take up the report of the select
committee appointed to make a revision of the
standing rules of the Senate. Tho time has
arrived when this revision will be necessary for
the orderly and convenient transaction of busi-
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator only pro-
poses that the rules shall be read and that we
shall proceed with the first stage of their con-
sideration, I shall have no objection ; but I
take the liberty of saying to my friend—I say it
with great reluctance—that I took the rules
home with me to my house, intending to read
them over carefully, and I have not finished
their perusal; and as I lead them there Wet®
some matters in them on which I did wish
furthe.r opportunity for reflection.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, I desire to
accommodate the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then, sir, I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exeetf*
tive business, with the consent of my friend
from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; I do not consent.
TheSenatorfrom Massachusetts, I understand,
only does not wish the rules disposed of finally
to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all. I have no
objection to their being taken up and read.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then, that being the state
of the case with regard to the rules, I - move,
with the consent of the Senator from Rhodo
Island, to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; the Senator
from Rhode Island does not consent to do any
such thing. You can do that by and by.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has the floor,, and the-
question is on his motion to take up the report
of the select committee appointed to revise the
rules for consideration. .
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that by gen-
eral consent we take up the rules and have
them read ; and any amendments" proposed
may be made as the reading proceeds, and
that no vote be taken upon each separate rule
as it is read, but that the whole may be open
to amendment at any time, and that they may
now be considered in Committee of the Whole
as we considered the rules for tho court of im-
peachment yesterday. I ask that that may be
the general understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If that is
the understanding of the Senate it will be en-
forced by the Chair. The rules are before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and will
be read.
The Secretary read the report, submitted by
Mr. Anthony on the 21st of February, from
the select committee appointed to revise the
rules of the Senate. The rules, as proposed
to be amended by the committee, will read as
follows:
Commencement of Daily Sessions.
1. The Presiding Officer having taken the chair,
and a quorum being present, the Journal of the pre-
ceding day shall bo read, to the end that any mis-
take may bo corrected that shall be made in the en-
tries. [16 April, 1789.] A Quorum shall consist of a
majority of tho Senators duly chosen and sworn.
14 May, 1864.]
Business not to be Interrupted.
2. No Senator shall speak to another or otherwise
interrupt tho business of tho Senate, or read any
newspaper while the Journals or public papers are
reading, or when any Senator is speaking in any de-
bate. £16 April, 1789; 14 February, 1828.1
Jiule8 in Speaking or Debate.
3. Every Sonator when he speaks shall address the
Chair, standing in his place, and when he has finished
shall sit down. [16 April, 1789.]
4. No Senator shall speak more than twice in any
ono debate on the same day without leave of the
Senate, which question shall be decided without de-
bate. [16 April, 17S9,]
5. When two Senators rise at the same time the
Presiding Officer shall name tho person to speai:
but in all eases the Senator who shall rise first and
address the Chair shall speak first. 116 April, 1789:
14 February, 1828.]
Calls to Order and Appeals.
6. If any Senator, in speaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of tho Senate, the Presiding Officer
shall, or any Senator may, call to order; and when a
Senator shall be called to order by the Presiding:
Officer or a Sonator he shall sit down, and slialinot
proceed without leave of the Senate. And every
question of order shall be decided by the Presiding
Officer without debate, subjcct to an appeal to the
faenate; and the Presiding Officer may call for the
sense of the Senate on any question of order. But
when an appeal shall bo taken from tho, decision of
the Presiding Officer any subsequent question of
order which may arise before the decision of such
appeal by the Senate shall bo decided by the Pre-
siding Officer without debate, and every appeal there-
from shall also be doeided at once and without
debate. [16 April, 1789; 14 February, 1828 ; 26 June,
1856.]
Exceptionable Words.
7. If a Senator be called to order by another for
words spoken the exceptionable words shall imme-
diately be taken down in writing, that the Presiding
