244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is reported from that
committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
the first section of the resolution read again.
The Secretary read the first section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think a reso-
lution of this sort ought to pass without re- '
ceiving some attention from the Senate. I
think the gentleman who reported it from the
Committee on Public Lands ought to make
some explanation about it. For a few years
past Congress has been in the habit, almost
without question, of extending the time for the
completion of the roads to which land grants
have been made. It will be recollected by all
Senators that in the grants of lands to States
for the construction of railroads there is a pro-
vision that the roads shall be completed within
a limited time—I think ten years—but in view
of the fact of the hard times of 185? shortly
after most of these grants were made, and the
further fact of the interruption of business by
the war, it has been the pleasure of Congress ,
to extend the time within which the roads may ;
be completed. I think this extension was for ,
five or seven years, perhaps in some cases eight '
years. I do not undertake to speak accurately
about that without referring to the legislation
on the subject. !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow me to interrupt him, I will say that the
original grants in this case in Michigan and Wis-
consin to which this resolution refers I  believe
Were made in 1865; so that the whole time to
1872 would be only seven years. That is my
recollection of the time when the bills were i
passed granting the lands, 18G4 or 1805. My i
colleague may remember it. ;
Mr. HOWE. No ; it was earlier than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wheft were they made ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One grant was in 1805,
I am quite confident.
Mr. HOWE. This is the road from Fond
du Lac to Marquette.
Mr. DOOLI1TLE. When was that granted ?
Mr. HOWE. Ia 1856 or 1857.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think my colfeague is
mistaken as to that. I think he dates it fur-
ther back than it was. I am confident it was
passed since I have been here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not able to say
whether the Senator frotft Wisconsin is correct
about this or not, because the language of this
first section is so indefinite that it is difficult
to say. It reads thus :
" That & failure to grade twenty miles of the roads
within two years from the passage of the act entitled
'An act to extend the time for the completion of cer-
tain railroads to which land grants have been made
in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin,' approved
on the 3d day of March, A. D. 1865, and twenty miles
additional thereof in each year thereafter, as required
by said act, shall not cause any forfeiture or reversion
to the United States of any lands granted to the said
States, or either of them, to aid in the construction
of the railroads described: Provided, That said com-
panies, or either of them, shall fully complete said
railroads in the manner required bylaw on or before
the 31st December, A. D. 18/2, at which time a failure
«hall forfeit the lands to the United States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the second
section of the resolution?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Senator
from Maine, I have difficulty in saying what the
second section does refer to. Here it is:
" That the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed to cause
a patent, in due form of law, to be issued to the Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway Company, in pur-
suance of a resolution passed by Congress granting
the game to the State ef Wisconsin, approved April
25, A. D. 1862, and an act of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, approved June 16, A. D. lbtjli, granting the
same to said company for eighty acres of land of the
1'ort Howard military reserve, as th  same was sur-
veyed andapproved by said commissioner on thellth
June, A. D. 1864."
I do not understand that section myself.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me
to make an explanation of five minutes, I will
<$hen, if he wants further time to look into it,
let the resolution lie over. I think, however, |
he will not desire any further time.
Mr. HlSNDRlCKS. I do not wish to ask
that, but I wish some explanation of this reso-
lution, As it seemed to be passing without
any attention, the gentleman reporting it from
the Land Committee not making any explana-
tion about it, I thought it was right that
we should know something about it. I do not
wish to postpone the consideration of the reso-
lution, however. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will explain it, of course that will be sati^
factory to me.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be very glad to inform
the Senator what I know about this matter. I
think some time in 1856 or 1857 an act was
passed granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
lor the purpose of building a road from Fond
du Lac north to the State line ; and a grant
was made to Michigan to build a road from
the State line to Marquette, on Lake Superior.
The State of Wisconsin granted the lands
belonging to her to the Chicago and North-
western Railroad Company, and they have gone
on and built the road from Fond du Lac north
about sixty miles to the mouth of the Fox river!
The same company subsequently, by act of the
Legislature of Michigan, secured the grant to
that State, and under that have built a road
from Bay de Noquet to Marquette. They have
thus completed about one hundred and twenty
miles of road on the two ends, and there is just
about as much more road to be built between
Bay de Noquet and the mouth of Fox river,
between the present terminus of the Michigan
road and the present terminus of the Wiscon-
sin road. By the terms of the act this road
should be completed in 1871,1 think, but twenty
miles of road, as the law now stands, should be
graded every year. The company have been
making large expenditures in extending their
road west to Iowa, and are not prepared now
to go on with this link between the present ter-
mini of the roads already constructed by them,
and they ask that this condition should be
waived for a short time, extending the time for
the completion of the road only a year and a
half; but in the mean time they do not wish to
be compelled to grade the twenty miles of road,
because it is useless to them until they are pre-
pared to iron the road. It is through a neigh-
borhood where I live myself, and we are as
much interested in having the road built as
anybody can be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire whether this joint resolution will
not also include the roads in the western part
of his State, and particularly the one which
received a grant to run from Hudson up to
Lake Superior?
Mr. HOWE. I understand not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it not also include
the road from Lansing in the State of Michigan
northeastward by Saginaw and thence up to
Traverse bay, and also a road on the western
side of the southern peninsula of Michigan?
Mr. HOWE. I will say to the Senator that
I understand it will not. It was drawn with no
such purpose. I know an application was
made to have the Hudson road included in this,
and it was refused. I have not examined the
legislation with reference to those roads so as
to be able to affirm positively that it does not;
but I do know that it has no such purpose, but
was drawn with express reference to the roads
I have just mentioned, and is intended to have
effect upon those roads alone. So much about
the first section 
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Senator, I think it necessary to state also
that there is water communication between
those two ends, so that there can be continu-
ous travel.
Mr. HOWE. There is a daily line of boats
running now between the mouth of Fox river
and Bay de Noquet, so that travel is not par-
ticularly incommoded; but whether travel is
incommoded or not is a question interesting to
the neighborhood more than to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
takes his seat it is proper that I should say
that I do not think there is any ground of sus-
picion against the company managing the road
to which he refers. So far as I am informed,
that work has been prosecuted in good faith,
and the lands granted by the Government have
not been waited or used 1'ot speculative pur-
poses. But I do not understand the facts in
regard to the road in the western part ot the
i State which I mentioned to be in tJie same
condition. I think there is n very marked dif-
ference. I think that grant has been tossed
from speculator to speculator in sueli a manner
as to disgust the public. I should not favor
■ any extension of time to that company.
i Mr. HOWE. I have precisely the same idea
as the Senator has in reference to that road. I
' perhaps do not know as much about it as he
does, but I know enough to have given me the
impression that he seems to be under himself,
and this resolution was not drawn to affect the
legislation in regard to that road at all.
Now, with regard to the second section, I
can explain its meaning in a word or two. In
1862 Congress made a grant of eighty acres of
. land to the State of Wisconsin out of the Fort
Howard military reserve upon condition that
the company would build their road across that
I reserve instead of building it some twentj' miles
I west, as the road was then located. The Gov-
[ ernment owned about seven thousand acres of
land there, and they agreed to give eighty acres
to have the road built over that tract, and the
road has been built over it; but the resolution
; which made that grant did not provide for
1 patenting the lands, and the Secretary of the
Interior thinks he cannot patent them without
authority of Congress. The second section is
simply designed to authorize him to issue a
patent for those eighty acres of land.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not happen to be
in when this debate arose, and it was not my
fortune to be present in the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands when the joint resolution was con-
sidered, and I think it had better lie over for
a day or two till we can have time to look into
it a little further. I have no prejudices ugainst
it, because 1 do not know anything about it;
but I shall be glad to have an opportunity as
one member of the committee, as I was neces-
sarily absent when I presume it was considered,
to examine into its provisions a little. I move,
therefore, that the joint resolution be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate indicating the manner in which
the joint select Committee of the two Houses
upon the pay of the employ6s of Congress may
report.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 201) declaratory
of the act in regard to officers cashiered or
dismissed from the Army by the sentence of a
general court-martial.
enrolled resolutions signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 126) changing the
time of holding the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and the enrolled joint resolution
(H. R. No. 119) in relation to the printing of
the report of the Postmaster General; and they
were thereupon signed 'by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
cotton tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up
the unfinished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is so near
the time that the Chair will now call up the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the bill
(H. R. No. 207) to provide for the exemption
of cotton from internal tax. That bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and the pending question is on the motion of
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
to postpone its further consideration until the
second Tuesday in February next. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] is enti-
tled to the floor.
