1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J. A. Hammer and numerous other citizens
of Lynchburg, Virginia, respectfully represent-
ing that William L. Saunders is now and has
been for many years acting justice of the peace
in that city ; that his experience and efficiency
in that capacity render his services of great
value to the community, and stating that he is
under certain legal disabilities, and asking that
those disabilities may be removed by act of
Congress, in order that he may be elected to
that office and exercise its functions. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on the .Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
members of the Michigan bar, praying that the
existing United States court of the eastern dis-
trict of Michigan may be abolished and the
judge thereof retired upon his salary; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. FERRY presented a memorial of cigar
manufacturers and cigar-makers, dealers in
cigars, growers of and dealers in seed leaf
tobacco, for a change in the rate of taxing
cigars; which was referred to the Committee
011 Finance.
Mr. W1LLEY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Margaret A. Laurie ;
which, with the papers heretofore presented in
the same case, were referred to the Committee
011 Claims.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying that Congress will pass
an act making eight hours a legal day's work
in all works under the control of Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, setting forth
the importance of improvements of the great
lakes, and particularly at St. Mary's falls, and
"asking for assistance in the enlargement of the
St. Mary's canal. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Commerce;
and I hope my friend the chairman of that
committee will give the subject attention.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee oil
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred a
resolution directing them to inquire into the
propriety and necessity of taking such steps
as shall be found necessary to restore to the
body of the public domain the tract of land in
California known as the Gabillan grant, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to ; and he submitted a re-
port thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report certain amend-
ments to the bill (S. No. 440) supplementary
to an act entitled ''An actto provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1804,
and also to report several letters from the
Comptroller of the Currency on the subject. I
ask that the amendments be printed, together
with the letters, aud I give notice that I shall
call the bill up at an early day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered, no objection being
made.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) extending the
time for the completion of the Northern Pacific
railroad, have had the same under considera-
tion, and directed me to report it back and
recommend its passage. I venture to ask the
Senate to take it up at the present time. I do
not think it will lead to any discussion or to
any consumption of time. It requires no
appropriation.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides to so amend section eight of an
act entitled " An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Lake Superior to Puget sound on
the Pacific coast," as to read as follows:
That each and every grant, right, and privilege
herein are soinade and given to and accepted by said
Northern Pacific ltaiiroad Company, upon and sub-
ject to the following conditions, namely: that the
said company shall commence the work on said road
within five years from and after the second day of
July, A. I). 18GB, and shall complete notless than fifty
miles per year after the second year thereafter, and
shall construct, equip, furnish, and complete the
whole road by the 4th day of July, A. D. 1883.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to defeat
the passage of this measure; but I think it
goes far beyond what was asked for by the
persons interested in this road. I was not
present in the committee when this matter was
decided on, but 1 think it goes beyond what
was asked. If the Senators from Minne-
sota and Oregon, representing the portion of
country through which this road is to go, are
willing to defer all improvements in that sec-
tion of country for five years, and to tie up
forty million acres of their public lands until
1883, it is a serious question. I did not under-
stand that the persons who were interested in
this road claimed so long an extension. I am
willing to vote for a reasonable extension ;
but this proposes to allow them five years w ithin
which to build the first section of the road, and
then only requires them to construct lifty miles
each year, and they are not bound to complete
the whole road for fifteen years, and in the
meantime they hold their grant of forty million
acres of public lands, and they are pressing
every day upon us the question of subsidy and
bounty.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will simply say to the
Senator from Ohio that this company is in the
process of surveying the country ; and it has
already gone to considerable expense, having
probably spent during the last season more
than one hundred thousand dollars in surveys
extending westwardly from the head of Lake
Superior, and eastwardly across the chain of
mountains in Washington Territory. The time
required for the commencement of the work
has almost expired, and they want some exten-
sion of time. Whether they want precisely
five years, I am not able to say. I am willing
to compromise with the Senator from Ohio,
so far as I can, with the consent of the chair-
man of the committee who reports this reso-
lution, by saying four years instead of five.
Besides, the lands on the line of this road are
not so immdiately wanted for agriculture as
those in many other parts of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. This road commences
on Lake Superior, a region of country that is
rapidly growing now, and passes through the
State of Minnesota. The company is not even
bound to get into the State of Minnesota under
five years. Under this provision, they would
not reach St. Paul, which is one hundred and
thirty or one hundred and forty miles west of
the eastern terminus of the road, for about
eight years. Surely this land ought not to be
tied up so long as that. I shall not oppose a
reasonable extension of time, but I hope this
measure will lie on the table until other mem-
bers of the committee have an opportunity to
look into it. I was not able, and several other
Senators were not able to attend the meeting
of the railroad committee to-day on account
of the sitting of other committees, and I think,
therefore, it had better lie oil the table at,
present.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that
course, if it is desired.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on
the table.
bill introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 138) to appoint a board
of examiners for claimants against the United
States in the State of Nevada; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
commerce on the lakes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate 1
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. '266.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think Ve ought to
take up the resolution which I offered some
days since, proposing to accept of the resigna-
tion of the Secretary of the Senate. \
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The qnM\
tiou is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan. The Chair hears no objection, aud the
motion is agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
Michigan to let this bill be laid aside inform-
ally for a moment, that I may move to take up
the resolution I offered yesterday of thanks to
Mr. Stanton.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, if the bill can
be laid aside informally, so that it will come
up afterward.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the resolution that
1 have named is not before the Senate now, I
ask that it be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is next in order. It would
be much more convenient if Senators would
permit the morning business to be gone through
with before interposing motions to take up bills
and resolutions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to do that;
but I noticed that bills in regard to railroads
and so on were being called up, and I saw no
prospect of reaching the resolution unless I
submitted the motion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks the unanimous consent
of ihe Senate to take up the resolution indi-
cated by him.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is not Senate bill No.
2GG now before the Senate?
The PRES1 DENT^ 'o tempore. That bill is
before the Senate, having been taken up by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
what bill that is. 1 do not believe it was heard
on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that it be read by its
title.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 2GG) to
regulate the foreign and coasting trade on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern fron-
tiers of the United States, and for other pur-
poses."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the bill is up it is
idle to object to it, perhaps, and I do not know
that I would object. I am not much given to
objecting ; but I had not heard the bill called
up at the time I moved to take up the resolu-
tion I offered a week ago. I do not object to
the proposition of the Senator from Michigan ;
but if mine has priority of right before the
Senate, then I should like to call it up. Mine
is a resolution in relation to the organization
of the Senate itself, and 1 submit to the Chair
that it is business of a prior right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Neither
of them was in order until the regular morning
business was disposed of; but the motion of
the Senator from Michigan was made, and no
objection was made to it. That brought the
bill before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I understand
from the Chair that all business occupies the
same relation toward the body. If so, then
the Senator from Michigan has the start.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan is prior in tune ; that is all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I ask my friend
from Michigan to let this bill be laid aside
informally, that I may take up the resolution
I have named.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection, if
this bill will not lose its place.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a sort of bar-
gaining I should not like to be a party to. I
was trying to get up a resolution that I intro-
duced a week ago, and 1 do not like that sort
of bargaining. If the Senator from Michigan
wants the floor he can claim it as his right*
but not to make a. bargain.
\
