1630
Jbe payment of money out of the contingent fund of
the feenate, or creating a charge on the same. [4 No-
vember, 1807 ; 7 April, 1853; "5 Marfth. 1857.1
A Committee on Printing, to consist of three Sen-
ators,, to whom shall be referred ovory question on the
Prmtmg ot documents, reports, or other matter trans-
mitted by either of the Executive Departments, and
< ? memorials, Petitions, accompanying documents,
with all other matter the printing of which
" **£« bills originating in Con-
fot: Ifsolutions offered by any Senator, eommuni-
ce^ ores or conventions lawfully
hv orfpp ir® ®tates' an<1 motions to print
J'lSje standing committees of the Senate;
m « \? additional numbers shall likewise be
re/ei red to said committee; and when tho report shall
h* '"ia',or °-f JT^e additional numbers, it shall
be accompanied by an estimate of the probable cost •
r'on].nuttp<> shall also supervise and direct the
maps and drawings accompanying doc-
uments ordered to be printed. [15 December, 1841 •
18o0:-,?2 January, 1855 ; 5 March, 1857.3
siil™ ii °5 ^,n?r0|sed Bills, toconsistofthree
amendments *5 6{"-al1 u 1° cxl"Hine all bills,
amendments, and resolutions before they 20 out of
the possession of the Senate; and shall deliver the
mum Jh« T°n or1tf^°ltbo Senite, who shall enter
Journal thatthesamo have been correctly
engrossed. ^ [3 January, 1820.]
Rono+ADimiu'eo on Enrolled Bills, to consist of three
nJSSJ?* iii7 ' n8,0??0 onc,oi whom, shall forthwith
Jv!1 ^rolled Senate bills to tho President in
SSS .Sp fort/lls signature, and report the fact and
1789 ; 5 Ml?ehP,ri8S57n.]at101110 05 AugaSt>
Appointment of Committees,
♦3Jn tJ10 "PPointment of tho standing commit-
RBtl™n„^?na)e -wlU Pr0,«eed, by ballot, to appoint
seveially the chairman of each committee, and then,
r f the other members necessary to com-
pleto the same i and a majority of tho whole number
^£5°'es given s:hall be necessary to tho ehoieo of a
chairman of a standing committee, but a plurality
of votes shall elect tbo other members thereof. All
other committees shall be appointed by ballot, and
votes shall make a choice. [S January,
Its^O; b December, 182b; 14 February, 1828.]
Reference to Standing or Select Committees.
36. When motions are made for reference of tho
same subject to a select committee and to a standing
committeo tho question on reference to the standing
committoo shall be first put. [14 February. 1828.]
Executive Business—Proceedings on Nominations.
a 37i Yl',en flominations shall be made by the Presi-
dent of the United States to the Senate, they shall
unless otherwise ordered by the Senate, be referred
to appropriate committees; and the final Question on
every nomination shall bo, " Will the Senate advise
?h?nC°^Mnt t0. tllIS nomination?" which question
nit intc Ve„''- °in same day on whieh the noini-
n^'°rl J? i cceived.nor on tb e day on which it may be
consent^f "nle.-s by tho unan™ous
consent of the Senate. Nominations neither approved
ThallTot ll thcsossion al which th°yaremade
shft.ll not be actcd upon at any succeeding
without being again made by the President; and if
than thfrtv dlvl "&ourn .or ,t.ake a r<«ess for more
Jtt tlllrJy days, all nominations pendins and not
finally acted uponat thetimeof takingsuch adjourn-
ment or recess shall be returned to the Prcsident and
tl A cerwar<1? act,ecl "P™. unless again 'sub-
f ?enat0 &y the President; and all mo-
tions pending to reconsider a vote upon a nomina-
tion shall fall on such adjournmentor recess; and the
Secretary of the Senate shall thereupon make out
Sir/i P.18'1,'°j1'1,? holds of Departments and other
officers the list ot nominations rejected or not con-
firmed, M required by law. When the President of
the United States shall meet the Senate intheSenate
Chamber for the consideration of Executive business
On tbJe« f Officer of the Senate shall bavcachair
on the floor, beconsidered as the head of the Senate
Trs as?s^cd to the President of the
United States. When the Senate shall be convened
j , , teS!jieiit of the United States to any other
place, the Presiding Officer of the Senate and the
Senators shall attend at the place appointed, with the
Ifebmary lltl6" °' Senate- t21 August, 1789; 18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Proceedings on Treaties.
38. When a treaty shall be laid before the Senate
for ratification it shall be read a first time, when no
motion m respect to it shall be in order except to re-
tZn or ^rint in confidence for
the use oj the Senate. Its second reading shall be
be 9n a subsequent day,
w< ?1 sLia,U taken up us in Committee of the
Whole and be considered by articles, when amend-
ments may be proposed ; but when amendments are
reported by a committee they shall be first acted on,
inch other amendments mny be proposed:
and when through, the whole proceedings had as in
Committee of the Whole shall be reported to the
Senate, when the question shall be, if the treaty be
amended, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ments made m Committee of the Whole?" and the
th^e§pSle ntS may,be,taken separately or in gross as
the feenate may elect, after which new amendments
reiluee11>toPt°lSe f' The decisions thus made shall be
with o? i- m 0f5a resolution of ratification,
which sh?!! hoUn,- ainoadments, as the case may be.
wiiicn snnii be proposed on a subsequent dav unlfco
^^Senate deLrmi/e otto-
amendmentsthJ £ ?al1 again be free t0 m°ve
&rllt Z
ohnu k .°f thirds of the Senators present
shall be requisite to determine it in the affirmative,
out all other motions and questions thereon shall be
decided by a majority vote. [6 January, 1801.J
Matters Confidential and Sccret.
39. All confidential communications made by the
rresidentof the United States to tho Senate shall be
by tbe Senators and officeis of the Senate kopt secret,
and all treaties which may bo hud before the Senate,
and ail remarks and proceedings thereon, shall also
bo kept secret until tho Senate shall, by their reso-
iution, take off the injunction of secrecy. [22 De-
cember, 1800? 3 January, 182Q.J
Secrecy of Remarks on Nominations.
40. All information or remarks concerning the
character or qualifications of any person nominated
by the President to officc shall be kept a secret; but
tlie fact that a nomination hns been made shall not
be regarded as a secret. [13 January, 1820.]
Clearing of the Senate.
41. When acting on confidential or executive busi-
ness the Chamber shall be cleared of all persons ex-
cept the Secretary ot the Senate, the principal or
executive Clerk, tho Sergcant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, the Assistant Doorkeeper, and such other
oiheers as the Pi osiding Oflicer shall think necessary:
Jauu\ryS 18 *0 j ia shall be sworn to secrecy. [3
Separate Booh to be Kept.
cetdi|hsH|iS^fc°o?Sn^
Xseadive Proceedings Pi,misled to the President.
 i,43c.Nol?in,ati,<!ns 1 Proved or definitely acted on by
the Sen a to shall not bereturned by the Secretary of
the Senate to the President until the expiration of
the time limited for making a motion to reoonsider
tho same,or while amotion to reconsider is pending
unless otherwise ordered by the Senato. Tho Presi-
'i16 ^,'L1 ed StatJs sh.a11-from "me to timefbe
furnished with an authenticated transcript of the
??_eotUflvo r®col'ds of the Senate, but no further ex-
tiact iiom the executive journal shall be furnished,
except by special order; and no paper, except ori-
ginal treaties, transmitted to the Senate by the Presi-
«h "n h t United States, or any executive officcr,
shall be returned or delivered from the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, without an order of the Sen-
1\t?ArTtlmt pui'pose. L27 January, 1792- 27 Mareh
1818; 5 January, 1829; GApril, 1807:j
Proceedings on Amendments to the Constitution.
44. When an amendment to be proposed to the Con-
twoUthi?d'cf of"tha gonsi,dt'ratl™ t!m concurrence of
M any!quest?onSfor a^id^tn^s ^
Mcssages to the House of Representatives.
45. Messages shall be sent to the House of Renre-
S rte! «y i ^  ^ecretary, who shall previously in-
h?M« mE determination of the Senato upon
1806] Papers communicated. [26 March,
Messengers Introduced.
Persons Admitted on Floor.
47. No person shall, be admitted to the floor of the
w r session. except as follows, namely
f ^ e s,0Iiat.e. members of the House of
Ropiesentatives and their clerk, tho President of the
United States and his private secretary, the heads
of Departments, ministers of the United States and
foreign ministers, cx-Piesidcnts and ex-Viec Presi-
dents of the United States, ex-Senators, Senators-
ot States and Territories^0™?6March* lSaS^^J™™3
Regulation of Senate Wing of the Capitol.
48. The Presiding Officer of the Senato shall have
ot piftt passages^ as "are" or
^.tl^9HVobmM"m]dite0ffloe"- [23 Janu"
Restriction of Presenting Rejected Claims.
49. Whenever a claim is presented to the Senate
no?tthnJ''ih„ i a- comn"Meo. «"d the committee re-
port that the claim ought not to be allowed, and the
report be adopted by the Senate, it shall not be in
thn ^ move to take the papers from the files for
the purpose of referring them at a subsequent ses
s.on unless the claimant shall present a memorial
for that, purpose, stating m what respect the commit-
tee have erred m their report, or that new eWdence
k  wifn discovered since the report, and settins
Iry, memoria]" J««-
Penaltiesfor Violating Confidence of Senate.
50. Any Senator or officer of the Senate who shall
disclose the secret or confidential business or pro-
ceedings of the Senate shall be liable, if a Senator
to suffer expulsion from the bo*dy, and if an officer to
dismissal1 irom the service of the Senate, and to nun!
ishment for contempt. [10 May, 1814J
Oaths of Office.
51. The oaths or affirmations prescribed by the Con-
stitution and by the aet of Congress of. July 2,18fil
to be taken and subscribed before entering:.upon, the
duties oi office,shall be taken andaubscribed by oycry
foenator m open Senate before entering1 upon his du-
ties. ihey shall also be taken andaubscribed in the
by Swretary of the Senate; but the
Senate may take and subscribe
them in the office of theSecretary. [25 January, I860
Transfer of Business.
52. At the second or any subsequent session of a
Congress, the legislative business of the Senate which
remains undetermined at the close of the next ore-
ceding session of that Congress, shall be resumed and
proceeded with in the same manner as if no adjourn-
ment of the Senate had taken place: and all subieeta
retcrred to committees and not reported upon at the
close of a session of Congress shall be returned to
the office of the Secretary of the Senate, and be by
mm retained until thenext succeeding session of that
Congress, when they shall be returned to the several
femidltteCS they had been previously re-
Suspension and Amendment of Rules.
53. J?o motion to suspend, modify, or amend the
rules, or any thereof, shall bo in order, except on one
day s notico in writing, specifying- the rule to be
suspended, modified, or amended, and the purpose
thereof. But any rule may be suspended by unani-
mous consent, except the seventeenth rule, which
shall never bo suspended.
*vum(rj*0n or to concur in a resolution
ot the House of Representatives to suspend, the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules, or either of them,
snail always be m order, be immediately considered
Jk° iSSdcod Twlthout debate. [16 April, 1789-; 26
May ^852 j January' 1820i February, 1828 ; 7
Calls for Information.
re/plutions calling upon the President or
upon any of the lixccutiveDep^rtmcnts for informa-
tion shall be referred without debate to the appro-
priate standing committee, which shall report upon
the same, with an estimate of the probable expense
of furnishing the information called for.
^ Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on adopting the report of the select
committee.
•J??" I hope that now the report
"will be allowed to go over.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly, if the Senator
desires it; but perhaps the rules had better be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNEE. I have no objection to
that.
Tlie rules were reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that tlie Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before that motion is
made I should like to have some hour fixed
for the consideration of these rules.
Mr, GRIMES. That is not necessary. Wo
can take them up at any time when we have
leisure. There is no opposition to them. I
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to,* and tiie Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the
oenate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 3, 1808.
. House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev N. P. Kexney, of Rockford, Illinois.
e Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
jestei day to-day will be regarded the same as
Monday. 1 he first business in order is the call of
fetates and .Territories for bills and joint reso-
lutions to be referred to their appropriate com-
mittees. and not to be brought back on a rao-
ofMain^COnS comraeneing with the State
LEVEES OX THE MISSISSIPPI.
«<f^r; BLfI?JE,^introduced a bill (H. R. No.
f, U? ^eb.ulld the levees on the east bank of
the Mississippi river and reclaim the land of
ttie razoo basin from overflow j which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
tue Committee on Commerce.
naval judge advocate general.
M, ELIOT introduced a hill (H. R. No
84lj concerning the Solicitor and Naval Judge
Advocate General; which was read a first and
second tune, referred to the Committee on
•Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
