246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18*
[Mr. Fessf.nden,] the Senator from New York,
and other Senators, maintain that it was not
necessary to act now on this question, that the
argument for immediate action had but little
weight. I apprehend, sir, that if we had a ques-
tion pending concerning the lumber interests
of Maine, and the point was whether it should
be settled before the lumber dealers sent their
workmen and their teams into the forest, the
Senator from Maine would regard it as import-
ant that we should act before the season came
to send forces into the woods. It we had be-
fore us a question which it was deemed neces-
sary to act upon before the closing of the navi-
gation of the Erie canal the Senator from New
York would see that it was important to act
promptly.
The interest of a large section of our coun-
try—the great cotton belt of the United States,
that we say is the best cotton region in the
world—is involved in our action. Within the
next two or three weeks all who are interested
in the growth of cotton—capitalists*, planters,
laborers—ought to know what the policy of
this Government is to be for the next year.
Capital is interested in knowing what that
policy is to be ; the planters desire to know what
it is to be; and it is of vital importance to the
laboring men that they should know what it is
to be, for their wages are to be affected by it.
The question before the people who are en-
gaged in cotton planting is how much they
shall plant next year, where they are to get
their capital, and how many laborers they are
to employ, and it will depend very much on
how we settle this question. It ought to be
settled now, and it is a wrong to a large por-
tion of the country to postpone it till February,
that we may consider other questions connected
with the internal revenue.
There is another point worthy to be consid-
ered. We are told—and I appreciate it as
much as anybody, for I live in a portion of the
country that feels the pressure—that the indus-
try of the coontry everywhere is depressed.
The people of my State have not accumulated
any capital this year. Most of onr manufac-
turing establishments have been seriously
affected. I suppose the men and firms engaged
in cotton and woolen manufactures in my
State have lost more during the past year than
they have made. I appreciate, therefore, the
importance of taking up the whole question of
a revision of our system of taxation at the ear-
liest day; but this is a question which should
be acted upon now, and which should have
been acted upon before this day. The people
engaged in this business should know what they
are to depend upon for the coming year. We
are told that business is depressed East and
West. I am aware of it; but during the last
seven years the loyal States have accumulated
more capital, have added more to their wealth,
than during any previous seven years in the
history of this country. This is true of the
East, the central States, and especially of the
Northwest. More farms have been made free,
more mortgages have been raised, more prop-
erty lias been accumulated, during the past
seven years than during any seven years in our
history. We had a great degree of prosperity
during the war. Now we are passing from a
state of war to a state of peace. There has
been ,a large reduction in the price of almost
all kinds and qualities of merchandise. All
articles of production have been and are sink-
ing in price. We have taken a million of men
from the field and put them into the various
productive industries of the country, and there
lias been a great reduction in the prices of
merchandise. The consequence is that men
who have been largely engaged in business with
little capital feel the pressure of falling prices.
But, sir, the loyal section of the Union has
been prosperous, and is now strong, and can
bear a great pressure and a great burden upon
it. I know that there are a great many people ,
out of employment; there is a great deal of
unemployed capital, and thousands are out of J
employment, but there has been an immense
business done during the last year. The inter-
! nal traffic of the country has been estimated
j to be more than five thousand million dollars;
i but there has been very little money made
upon all this business, because of the shrink-
age in value of most articles of merchandise.
But what is the condition of the people of
the southern section of the country? They
came out of the war utterly ruined. The peo-
ple of the States not now represented in Con-
gress came out of the war with more than two
thirds of all the property they had when they
entered into it annihilated. Some of those
States are the poorest civilized and Christian
communities on the face of the globe. Take
South Carolina as an example. Half of all
the property she had in 18t>0 was in slaves;
emancipation wiped it out; her banking capi-
tal was lost, her railroads were worn out and
used up, and her people had nothing left but
land. The lands of South Carolina are not
worth one fourth of what they were in 18C0,
and lands can be bought for ten or fifteen dol-
lars an acre worth in 1860 fifty dollars an
acre. Two thirds of all the property of the
cotton States perished by the war.
These people had exausted their means in
the war; they have nothing to fall back upon.
When the war ended cotton bore a high price,
and millions of northern capital sought invest-
ment in the South, and northern men, espe-
cially men who had been in the service of the
country, went into those States to raise cotton.
All that capital has been sunk. It is not now
worth ten cents on the dollar. The men who
engaged in that business have been ruined, and
a great portion of them have left that section of
the country. Last spring 1 arge amounts of capi-
tal were borrowed at fifteen, twenty, twenty-
five, and even thirty per cent, interest to engage
in planting. Now, sir, cotton has fallen in
price, and the cotton crop is not worth more
than seventy-five cents on a dollar of the cost
of production. There is no doubt of this fact,
and thousands of the men engaged in planting
cannot pay the money they borrowed, cannot
pay the interest on that money, cannot pay
the men they employed, and have no means
with which to begin next year's work.
We gave liberty to three and a half millions
of people in that region. They had toiled
without reward; their ancestors had toiled for
nothing for seven generations. They had
nothing of their own in the world, not even
spots of earth to be buried in that thoy could
call their own. They were entirely homeless.
Labor was disorganized. By the agency of the
Freedmen's Bureau and the expenditure of a
few million dollars labor was reorganized in
that section of the country, and tens of millions
of dollars were produced by the organization
and aid of the bureau. This class of men are
poor and dependent; their wages have been
low during the past year; and in the present
condition of things they have earned hundreds
of thousands of dollars which they will never
receive. Many of the freedmen worked for
shares of the crops, and the low price of cotton
makes them poor indeed. Thousands of them
who were employed during the past year are
about being discharged, and those who
employed them are unable to employ them
during the coming year; and if this state of
things goes on before this Congress adjourns
you will have imploring appeals for national
aid. There are large sections of the southern
country that have not raised provisions enough
to carry them four months from this day, and
they will be in a condition quite as hard as they
were last year.
That section of the country has no capital.
The property they had was lost by their own
wicked rebellion. Then there are millions of
men there made free by our act who have no
property except the little they have earned
and saved during the last two years. Now,
sir, to compare that part of our country, blasted
and ruined by the war, and with such masses
of people without anything on earth to support
them, with the gigantic'and powerful section
which has increased its wealth during the last
seven years from forty to fifty per cent., is not
just, is not wise. If this subject is postponed,
or if this tax is adhered to, it will bear with
oppressive force upon that section of the coun-
try, and millions of goods they have purchased
will never be paid for, millions of dollars they
have borrowed will be lost, their own people
for months to come will feel the terrible pres-
sure, and the planting of next year -will be
immensely diminished. If this tax be taken
off, if this people be relieved from the millions
they fear we are to collect from them they
might take a little heart and hope to go for-
ward in the future. The more I look into the
condition of that section of the country I see
trial and trouble and sorrow they must bear.
It seems, since the war closed, as though God
in His providence had blasted that part of the
country. They have had droughts that blighted
large portions of their land. They have had
overflowings of the Mississippi that destroyed
millions of acres of the best lands—plantations
which were worth six years ago two or three
hundred thousand dollars would not sell for
$10,000. They have no capital and they have
but very little of heart or of hope to build up
their fortunes. They have been terribly pun-
ished for their folly, and it seems to me their
trials are not yet ended.
Sir, this is a part of our country. That
people inaugurated a wicked, cruel, and god-
less rebellion, and for a wicked purpose—the
purpose being more wicked than the rebellion
itself—and that was to perpetuate human
slavery in this country. We have conquered
that section of the country. They exhausted
all they had in fighting the Government; they
are ruined financially; but still they are a part
of our household, a part of our common coun-
try;'they are to be of us and with us. They
are saying foolish things and doing unwise
things. They are denouncing the Government
and denouncing you and me and all of us. I
expect them to denounce me as long as I live
and when I am in my grave; but their censure
and their denunciation should not influence me
as a public man in my action. I know that we
have conquered, that we are masters of the
situation, and our policy now should be to
conquer their prejudices, to build up that
part of the country, to build up our whole
country, and make it one in interest and affec-
tion; so that the time shall come, and come
speedily—and I trust in God everything will
be done to bring it about as soon as can
be, and that God will bless the effort—when
they with us will rejoice in our common pros-
perity and in the glory of the whole country,
and forget the bitter prejudices of the great
conflict through which we have passed.
Sir, I believe the policy advocated by the
Senator from Vermont and by other Senators
is an unwise one, and I predict that it will cost
the business men of the country, of the East
and of the West, more millions of dollars than
this tax will put into the Treasury. It will
involve them in the loss of their debts and the
loss of millions of trade.
This selfish policy will come back to us and
we shall have to pay for it all. It will bear
with oppressive weight upon capital and upon
planters, and more than all upon the poor freed-
men, who have no capital to rely upon, and
thousands of them will be thrown out of em-
ployment unless we do all we can to encourage
and foster all the industries of that smitten sec-
tion of the country. They will feel it and they
will bear it. They will vote now for their
rights. Everybody knows they will do that.
I knew it, and said it, too, when we passed
the reconstruction bills. I knew enough of
human nature to know they would vote for
their own rights. The black man who would
not vote to reorganize those States on the basis
laid down by Congress and secure his own
personal and political rights and the rights of
his children and of his race I will not say is
only lit to be a slave—for I do not think God
ever made a human being so degraded that he
ought to be a slave—but I think he ought to
have a guardian.
Of course the blacks will vote to reorganize
