2654
THE C0TOK1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
May 29,
/
Mr. CHANDLER. Then, Mr. President,
as this bill will not occupy much time, I ask
that it be passed. It has been read at length,
and will occupy but very little time, and 1 ask
my friend from Vermont to allow it to pass
' Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the question is on the amendment,
in the nature of a substitute, reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the bill read, so as to know exactly the bill
which is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the amend-
ment, in the form of a substitute, be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine calls for the reading of the
whole bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The Chief Ci.kkk. The Committee on Com-
merce reported the bid with an amendment, to
strike our, all after the enacting clause and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the master of every vessel enrolled or licensed
to engage in tlio foreign and coasting trade on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers
of the United States shall, before the departure of
his vessel from a port m one collection district to a
port m another collodion district, present to the col-
lector at the poit of departure duplicate manifests
of his cargo, or, if he have no cargo, duplicate mani-
festo betting lot 111 that fact, which manifests shall be
sub^ei ibed ami sworn or affirmed to by the master
before the collector, who shall indorse thereon his
certificate ol clearance, retaining one lor the tiles of
his oflice, the other he shall dcliverfor the use of the
master. And in case such vessel should touch at any
intermediate port in the United States, and there dis-
charge cargo taken on board at an American port, or
at such intermediate ports shall take on board cargo
destined for an American port, the master of such
vessel shall not be required to report such lading or
unlading at sueh intermediate porta, but shall enter
the same on his manifest obtained at the original port
of departure, which ho shall deliver to the collector
of the port at which the unlading of the cargo is com-
pleted, within twenty-four hours alter arrival, and
shall subscribe and make oath (or aflirmjas to the
truth and correctness of tho same. And the mas-
ter of sueh vessel shall, before departing from a port
in one collection district to a place in another collec-
tion district whore there is no custom-house, file his
manifest and obtain a clearance in manner afore-
said and make oath or affirmation to the manifest
aforesaid, which manifest and clearance shall be de-
livered to the proper ollicer of customs at the port at
which said vessef next arrives after leaving the place
of destination specilicd m said clearance: Provided,
That tho master of any vessel with cargo, passengers,
oi baggage Iroin any lbieign port or place, shall ob-
tain a permit and comply with existing laws before
discharging or landing the same: And provided far-
t/ir.r. That nothing m this section contained shall
exempt ma&ters of vessels from reporting, as now
requited by law, any goods, wares, or meichandise
destined for any foreign port: And be it further
piovid<'d> That no peimit shall be lequired for the
unlading of cargo_ brought from an American port.
Skc. 2. And be itjurther enacted. That the master
oj any vessel enrolled or licensed as aforesaid, des-
tined with cargo from a place in the United States
nt which there maybe no custom-house, to a port
where there may be a custom-house, shall, within
twenty-four hours after airival at the port of desti-
nation, deliver to the proper ollicer of the customs a
manifest, subscribed by him, setting forth the cargo
laden at the place of departure, or laden or unladen
at any intermediate port or place, to the truth of
w u «-ani^es^ he shall make oath or affirm before
such ollicer: Provided, That if said vessel have no
cargo the mastcrshall not be required todeliversuch
mnnifetd.
Sec. j. And be it further enacted, That steam-tugs
duly enrolled and licensed to engage in the foreign
and coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of (he United States, when
exclusively employed m towing vessels, shall not be
inquired to report and clear at the custom-house:
1 roviaed, lhat when said steam-tugs shall be em-
ployed m towing rafts or other vessels without sail
oi i-team motive power, not required to be enrolled
orhcensed under existing laws, tneyshall berequired
to report and clear in the same manner as is herein-
beioie piovided m similar cases for other vessels
Stc.i /l jJ Sj it further enacted, That the mani-
certificates of clearance, oaths or affirmations
piovided lor by this act, shall be in such form, and
pi spared, filled up, and executed in such manner as
tlic SM-retary of the Treasury may from time to time
prescribe.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That if the mas-
ter of any enrolled or licensed vessel as afoiesaid
shall neglect or fail to comply with any of the pro-
visions or requirements of the foregoing sections of
this aot, such master shall forfeit and pay to the Uni-
ted States the sum of twenty dollars for each and
every failure or neglect, and for which sum the ves-
sel shall be liable,and may be summarily proceeded
against by way of libel in any district court of the
United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That in case the
master or owner of any vessel shall willfully and
falsely swear or affirm to any of the matters or facts
herein required to be sworn or affirmed to, said mas-
ter or owner shall be deemed to be guilty of perjury,
and shall be liable to all the fines and penalties im-
posed by existing laws punishing such offenses.
Sec. 7. And be it. further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the following fees shall
be levied and collected from the owners and masters
of vessels enrolled or licensed on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and none others shall be received than those
heicinspccially enumerated: for the adineasuiement
of any vessel the fees prescribed by section — of an
act entitled "An act approved May G, 18(34;
for ceitificate ot enrollment, including bond and
oath, 10; for granting license, including bond and
oath, if not over twenty tons, forty-five cents; for
granting license, including bond and oath, above
twenty and not ovei one hundred tons, seventy
cents; for granting license, including bond and oath,
above one hundred tons, SI 20; tor certifying mani-
fest, including master's oalh, and granting permit
lor vessel, to go iiom district to district, under
fifty tons, twenty-five cents; for certifying mani-
fest, including master's oath, and granting permit
for vet-sels to go i'lom di^tiict to di^tiict, ovei fifty
tons, fitly cents: for lecoivmg nianiiest, including
master's oath, on arrival ot a vessel fiom one collec-
tion district to another, whether touching at foreign
intermediate pons or not, under litly tons, twenty-
five cents: for receiving manifest, iueluding master's
oath, on arrival of a vessel from one collection dis-
tiict to another, whethei touching at foreign intei-
mediate ports or not, over fifty tons, fifty cents; for
certifying a manifest, including master's oath, and
gianting permit to a vessel under fifty tons, laden
with a cargo destined for a port or place m another
district at which there is no custom-ho use, twenty-five
cents; tor certifying a manifest, including master's
oath, and granting peimit to a vei-sel abov e fifty tons,
laden with a cargo destined for a port or place in
another district at which there is no custom-hou^c,
fifty cents; for the entry of a vessel ot fifty tons or
under diieot ironi aforeign port, 5-1 50; for the entry
of a vessel above fifty tons direct fiom a foieign
port, 5U;_ for the clearance ot a vessel of fifty tons
or under, diiect to afoieign port, $1 50; for the clear-
ance of a vessel above fitty tons direct to aforeign port,
30: Provided, That vessels departing to or arriving*
from a port in one district to or from a port in an ad-
joining district and touching at intermediate foreign
ports are exempted fro m the payment of theen try tees.
Jb'ora post entry of such vessel, two dollars; for per-
mit to land or deliver goods, twenty cents; forabond
taken officially^ not otheiwisc provided lor, forty
cents; for permit to load goods for exportation en-
titled to drawback, thirty cents; for debenture or
other olhcial certificate not otherwise provided for,
twenty cent*; lor recording all bills otsale, mortgages,
hypothecations, oi conveyancesof vessels, fitty cents;
forrecordmg alt certificates lor discharging and can-
celing any such conveyances, filty cents.; for fui-
nishing a certificate setting foith the names of the
owners ot any registered or eniolled vessel, the parts
or proportions owned by each, and also the matonaf
facts of any existing biil of safe, mortgage, hypoth-
ecation, or other incumbrance, the date, amount of
such incumbrance and from and to whom made,
one dollar; for fuinishmg copies of such recoidsfor
each bill oi sale, mortgage, or other conveyance,
fjfty cents; for icceivmg mauitest ot each railroad
car or other vehicle laden with goods, waies, or mei-
chandisc,from aforeign contiguous ten itoiy, twenty-
live cents; for entiy of goods, waies, or merchandise
for consumption—waiehouse, re-warehouse, trans-
portation, or exportation, including oath and permit
to land oi deliver,fifty cents; foi certificate of regis-
try, including bond and oath, S- lio; tor indorsement
of change of masfcis on rcgistiy, one doilai.
Si'C. S. And be it j tut her enacted. That section one
of an act entitled " An act to further provide for the
collection ol the levenue upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontieis, and for other
purposes," approved July 11,18o2; and section six ot'
an act entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and
for other pui poses,'' approved June 27, I8<jf; and so
much of an act entitled " An act to regulate the tees
of custom-house officers on the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern iron tiers of the United States,"
approved March 3, lbdo, and all other acts or parts of
acts conflicting with or supplied by this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Skg. 9. And be it Juriher enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have authority to ascertain
the facts upon all applications for remission of fines
or penalties incurred under the pioviuons oi this act,
where tlic amount in question doc-o not exceed $1,000,
in such manner and under such regulations as he may
deem proper, and he may thereupon remit or mitigate
such fines or penalties if in his opinion the same
shall have been ineuired without willful negligence
or intention of fraud in the poison or poisons incur-
ring the same, and all lines and penalties imposed or
recovered by this act shall, after deducting piopei
costs and charges, be disposed of as provided by
section ninety-one, act ot March 2,1799.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know practically very
little of the laws as they are in relation to the
coasting trade. I ask the honorable member
from Michigan whether any serious inconven-
ience has resulted from the laws as they now
stand, and whether it is not probable that the
regulations proposed by this bill may increase
the opportunity for smuggling on the frontier?
Mr. CHANDLER. X will answer the Senator
that very great inconvenience is suffered by the
shipping interests of the Northwest under the
present law. I made this statement a few days
ago, and, therefore, it is a mere repetition.
The Senator from Maryland was not present.
At present, a vessel taking on cargo at Buffalo
for Chicago, for example, is in the habit of
taking cargo for all, or many, of the interme-
diate ports between Buffalo and Chicago. The
present law requires a vessel to take out a
manifest at every port which she touches. If
a vessel, for example, bound for Chicago arrives
at Cleveland in the night—and these are nil
steam vessels—she must wait during the night
for the custom-house to open to get out a mani-
fest to proceed on her voyage. The first sec-
tion of this bill changes that; and allows the
shipper to state in the manifest the points at
which a vessel is to deliver her cargo, and
requires her simply to take out one manifest,
for example from Buffalo to Chicago; and she
may laud at Cleveland, at Detroit, at Mil-
waukee, or at any of the intermediate ports,
deliver the cargo which appears on her mani-
fest, without delay or detention, and proceed
on her voyage, reporting at Chicago what she
has done.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that delivery marked
on the manifest?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes,sir; the deliveries
are marked on the manifest. The expense of
steam vessels is, perhaps, two hundred dollars
a day, and sometimes they are detained for ten
or twelve hours for nothing except to take out
a useless manifest. That is section one. It
will be a great saving of time and a great saving
of expense.
I hold in my hand a paper signed by nearly
the entire shipping interest, in these words:
"We, the undersigned vessel-owners, have exam-*
ined the*bill to regulate the foreign and coasting
trade on the northern, northeastern, and northwest-
ern frontier? oi tho United States, and for other pur-
poses,' and highly indorse the provisions tiieiein,
and earnestly ask that immediate acuoa be taken
thereon by Congress."
The entire shipping interests of the lakes are
to be benefited, the Government not injured,
and a very earnest desire is manifested on the
pait of the shipping iuieiest that the bill shall
pass at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I might
this morning have applied a rule which the
honorable Senator from Michigan has applied
to me on two several occasions, when lie has
interposed a single objection to the taking up
of a bill which was of considerable importance
in one case to my own constituents, and m
another case to the country generally: but I
did not see fir, to do so, inasmuch as I do not
feel inclined, for the gratification of any feeling
I may have, to interpose a single objection to
prevent particular business being done.
As the bill is up, however, 1 will state that
in my judgment it ought to be recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce. I inquired of
the honorable Senator from Michigan on a
j former occasion if the bill had been submitted
( to the Treasury Department for its opinion.
I He replied that it had. He did not, however,
' see fit to state the fact—he said afterward that
he was not obliged to do so—that the Treasury
Department entirely disapproved of it, and
thought it was a bill that ought not to pass.
!, The honorable Senator also stated when he
|; was up before thai this bill had been thoroughly
! considered and unanimously agreed to by the
!j Committee on Commerce. I have inquired of
!j the members of the Committee on Commerce,
: and three of them tell me that they never heard
jj ot it before, and the other three say they did
ij not know anything about it, except that the
jj Senator himself said it %vas all right and they
!j allowed him to report it. If that is what the
; | Committee on Commerce regard as a thorough
ji consideration of a bill, it is different from any
II practice of any committee to which I belong
jj or have belonged heretofore. It seems, then,
!> that the bill has been reported without the
