1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
40th Gong....2d Sess.
Report on Southern Railroads.
Ho. of Reps.
eming spirit was a Christian one or the pre-
vailing desire was to save property remains
to be seen. On pages 52 and 58 of Report
No. 34 John Williams testifies:
"Mr. Braniier was, I unhesitatingly say, a Union
man in his sympathies." "I was a Union man myself,
and he expressed lnmselfrery freely to me." " Besides
I have knowledge of his havinfdouc some acts there
as a railroad president that no man would have done
had lie been in sympathy with the rebellion. 1 think,
so far as Mr. Brannei' was able to do so ho had Union
men on his road in his employment. lie could not,
however, fill all the places in that way, because some
of them were in there when the rebellion commenced ;
and if he had turned them out it would have looked
as if he had done so because they wen; rebels, and he
would have been charged with being a Union man,
and in all probability had his road taken away. -Mr.
lioxie was situated in this way. -He is a northern
man, and, as you know personally and by proot, there
are a great many of these northern men in lennes-
see who had to §et along with the rebels the best way
they could. He was very quiet.' ' lliere were some
persons in East Tennes-oe who were real Union men
at heart and vet who played rebel during the rebel
occupancy of that country. They did so tor the pur-
pose of protecting themselves and their property. _
So here we have Union officers running their
road more than two years in aid of the rebel-
lion in such manner as not to be charged with
being Union men, in order to protect them-
selves and their property.
They were " very quiet." This brings to
mind the Christian who says nothing for his
Saviour, but is ever ready when about to fall
into the hands of the devil, to say, "Old fel-
low, I am glad to see you; I have been doing
all I could for you on these low grounds of
sorrow."
The committee would ask: Is the country
prepared to say Union men are justilied in aid-
ing the rebellion to save their property ? The
committee think not. And this is the most
favorable aspect of this case.
The committee would say there may here be
evidence of neutrality—of indifference, except
as to saving property. But is the country pre-
pared to call neutrality loyalty—such loyalty
as must be rewarded by a remuneration for
losses incurred in consequence of their own
lukewarmness to the Government? If so, pa-
triotism is a mockery, and it is more than folly
to pay bounties to those earnest men who stood
by the countiy in its danger or to acknowledge
our debt of gratitude by paying pensions to the
bereaved survivors of her defenders.
If neutrality be loyalty then the Claib Jack-
son administration in Missouri, which said,
t: not a man nor a dollar to aid in the unholy
war," was loyal.
If in religion such neutrality, lukewarmness,
caused mere professors, " neither hot nor cold,"
to be spewed out of the month, so should it be
in eases of neutrality toward the Government.
The committee take the position that active
loyalty alone is that genuine loyalty that should
be recognized and rewarded.
But the committee would pursue the loyal
branch of this subject farther and investigate
this East Tennessee and Virginia road, as the
testimony will not admit of an argument lor a
moment in favor of the loyal sympathies oi
the directory or of the stockholders of any
other road during the rebellion, except only
one short road, the Kogersville branch ol the
East Tennessee and Virginia road.
This professedly loyal railroad president, Mr.
Branner, does what? Complies with the ex-
ecutive order requiring a bond to be given for
the payment of the debt contracted by the
purchase of rolling stock to the amount of
$205,655 05 ; but complied, as the testimony
discloses, to violate it, having obtained the
advantage of the Government.
Oil page 203 oflleport No. 31 it appears that
this railroad president "represented that for
various reasons it was impossible for him to
commence and continue regularly the monthly
payments, but that he would be able to do so
after July, I860;" and that thereupon General
Thomas ordered that—
"In view of the statements made, the time for
paying the tirst monthly installment bo extended until
the first day of August, 1800, when it iri expected that
they will be ready to eommeneo thoir payments and
continue them regularly thereafter, according to the
terms of their bonds."
It will be perceived, on page 327 of Report
No. 34, from statement heretofore copied into
this report, that this road had, on the 30th June,
1866, paid but little more than half the interest
due and none of the principal, the payment on
the interest being by an account for transport-
ation, and therefore that the debt had increased
between six and seven thousand dollars.
Itwillbe seen on page 204 of Report No. 34
that this railroad president had no regard to
his promise " to pay after July " and to Gen-
eral Thomas's order to pay 1st August: but that
on 22d August, I860, it became necessary_ for
Major S. K. Hamill, chief quartermaster United
States military railroads, to notify him that the
time granted had expired. This caused Mr.
Branner, as seen on same page, to address Major
Hamill by letter, 29th August, 18G6, presenting
considerations which he trusted would "be suf-
ficient to induce the United States Government
to act with patience, lenience, and liberality:"
among which considerations are expenditures
for the road in its repairs, &c., and having
"met the interest due July 1, 1800, on State
aid furnished the road."
The committee here only remark that the
bond of the road to the Government is violated
and promise disregarded partly to pay interest
on obligations to the State of Tennessee, en-
tered into prior to its act of secession.
This letter was referred to General Thomas,
and in due course to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, for the orders of the Secretary of War;
and for a more satisfactory understanding of
the case the committee here give the various
letters of transmittal, to be found on pages
205, 200, 207, and 208 of Report No. 34, as
follows:
Dep't op the 'lenn.,
Ciiikf Quarter-master's Ofi-ick,
U. S. MlUTUlY ilULRO\i>S, ^
Nashville, Teisn., Aur/i^31, 1800.
Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier General W. D.
Whipple, Chief of Staff, Department of the lennes-
S°When the time for the payment of the first install-
ment due lruux tho East Tennessee and Virginia
Railroad Company was extended until August 1 the
major sen oral coin in {Hiding* directed me to insist upon
prompt payment of all installments due alter the
extension should expire. No nrrangemcntwas made
by the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad Com-
pany to meet the amount due August 1, 18bi>, nor did
they even express their disability to pa> until aftci i
had notified them that unless 1 hey toolc immediate
steps to make the payments duel should enforce the
penalty of the bond. The extension was granted by
tho major general commanding upon terms proposed
by Mr. Branner himself, and upon the same reasons
shown in his present letter.
It will bo noticed that Mr. Branner mentions no
time when ho expects to bo able to eommeneo the
payment of the installments due. Under the circum-
stances 1 do not leel authorized to recommend the
extension; but being iinnly convinced that it is the
settled policy of this aswell as of otberroads to post-
pone the payment ot tho fuuh due the v mtcabtates
indefinitely, hoping eventually to have the whole
indebtedness cancelled by legislative enactments, 1,
on the contrary, recommend that further extensions
be not granted, unless the chum of Mr. branner tor
supplies furnished General Buinsidcbc considered a
valid one. Regarding tho ments of this claim 1 have
no information. . ., ,
I would rcsimctfully ui'tce a^morc decided policy
toward these companies who fail to mttko payments
oven under tho extended terms granted by the Gov-
ernment, lor the following additional reason: _
Roads which are financially in as bad condition as
tho-e to which extensions have been granted, but
which have succeeded in malungpaymentspromptly
as they become due, withoutin any mnunercripimng
tho operations of tho road-:, learning tne tonus
granted to other roads, or that payment l? not ex-
acted from them, claim, with truth, tnat they are
entitled to the same terms. #
I cite, as an illustration of tin?, timeasc oi the
Nashville and Dccatur railroad line, winch h;is paiu
promptly, while other roads, possessing gi cater facil-
ities for and doing a larger business, ha \ e made no
payments except in transportation, which barely
absorbed the interest due, if it oven did That, as is
the ease with tho East Tennessee and ^ lrginia rail-
road. , , , ,, . ,
The original purchase charged against tins road
amounted to $265,055 05. It will be seen bj reieienco
to tho inclosed, statement of account that the amount
now due from this road is ?273,2S6
S, K. IIAMTLL,
Capt., A$$ktctnt Quavtertucate/\ Jjr< i\ Maj. I ol*., dr.
A true copy: S. ft. HAMILL,
Brevet Major, Assistant Quaitei uiavtti.
[Indorsement.]
Headquarters Department of this Tennessee,
Nashville, Tennessee, i&ptemOer 3,1866.
Respectfully forwarded to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral United States Army, for the orders of the hon-
orable Secretary of War. „
W. D. WHIPPLE,
Brev. Brig. Gen. and Acting Adj. Gen., {in absence of
the Metj. Gen. Commanding-)
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, D. C., September 18, 1866.
Sir: Ihave the honor to forward herewith the
application of the East Tennessee and Virginia
Railroad Company for an extension of its time of
payment of its debt to thel nitedStates, transmitted
from headquarters Department ol tho Tennessee,
through this olhee, for the orders of the honorablo
Secretary of War.
This railroad leads from Knoxvillcto Bristol, Ten-
nessee, and is one hundred and thirty miles long. It
is charged with $205,055 Co for material purchased of
the United States in September and October, 1865,
under executive orders of Augusts and October 14,
1805, for the prompt payment of which in equal
monthly installmentswithin two years, with interest
at the rate of seven and three tenths per cent, per
annum, the railroad company, through John R.
Branner, president, has given bond, December 9,
13G5, to the amount of $500,000. The time for the
collection of the first monthly installment, payable
per terms of bond December 1,1865, was deferred to
August 1,1806, by Major General George H. Thomas,
to whom the executive order committed the transfer
of railroad rolling stock in the southwest.
A second indulgence is now asked, no time being
stated when the road will commence payment of
installments due. Major General Thomas, in grant-
ing the previous extension, directed that prompt
payment of all installments due after its expiration
should be insisted upon. This application has not
received the recommendation of Major General
Thomas.
The application is forwarded by Brevet MajorS.
R. Hamill, in charge of United States military rail-
roads, Nashville, Tennessee, with a statement of the
indebtedness of the road on August 31, I860, showing
it to bo $273,280 58, or nearly eight thousand dollars
greater from accumulation ol interest than the ori-
ginal debt. 1 invito attention to the report of Major
Hamill and concur in it.
j^o disposition whatever appears to be on "meed by
thirf road to meet its engagements with tho United
States, the (comparatively) small sum paid ($2,311)
being an account for transportation, which the com-
pany had no choice but to place to the credit of their
account with the United States. It would be, 1 think,
to the detriment of the interests of the Government
to encourage the non-compliance with tho obliga-
tions voluntarily and formally entered into with it,
and would cause other roads which now manifest o,
willingness to abide by their obligations to complain
of partiality and to fail, also, hereafter in the dis-
charge of them.
I respectfully recommend that the application bo
not granted.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
M. C. MEIGS,
Quarterinaxter General U. S. A. and Brevet Maj. Gen.
Ron. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
A true copy: ALEXANDER BLISS,
Colonel Quartermaster Department, &c.
A true copy : S. R. HAMILL,
Captain, Acting Quartermaster, Brevet Major.
[Indorsement.]
War Department, September 27,1866.
Thereeommcndation of the Quartermaster General
of the A) my is approved.
By ouler of the Secretary of War:
L. II. PELOUZE,
Aiiiitunt Adjutant General.
A true copy: ALEXANDER BLISS,
Ctthmcf, Quaricrniotler ihp<irhi\eiit, &c.
A true copy: , S. 11. HAMILL,
Brevet Major, Assistant Quartermaster.
Qu \rterm \ster Gener u/s Office,
Washing ton, D. O., October 0,1806.
General: Herewith are respectfully tranMiiittcd
for your information copies of the paper-in the appli-
cation of the East Tenne-see and Virginia Railroad
Companv, for nn extension of time of payment ot its
debt to the United States, forwauled by jou Septem-
ber 3,1800, and of thedeeision of the Secretary of War
thereupon.
Very respectfully, your obeaicnt^servanL^
Quarterinatfer Gi neral, Brevet 3I"jor General i . S. A .
M.iior General Thomas, Gutamaadina iMiuirt/neut Ten*
n'esbtc, Louisville, Kentucky.
A true copy: S. R. HAMILL,
Brevet Major, Assistant Quartermaster*
[Indorsement.]
! Hr..vpor artrtis Departmkn r or Tennessee,
t Nashville, Tkn'nksske, OctoberlL, low.
' Respectfully returned to Brevet MajorS. R. Ilnmill,
! assistant quartermaster in charge ot United folates.
military railroads.
] lJy < ommaud of Major
I Bnvct Jh-iyadiisv General, MJfJf General.
A true copy;
S. R. HAMILL,
Brevet M«jor, Assistant Quartermaster.
