1667.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
247
those States; they -will vote patriotically, vote |
for liberty, vote for justice, for humanity, in i
spite of ail the burdens we are putting upon !
ttiem; but let me tell you that the time will
soon come when they, with others, will oppose
the policy of collecting a tax from cotton ; and
whoever shall come into this Chamber from
that seetiou of country, whether they be of one
political organization or another, will stand
here in solid phalanx against % tax on this
article, and they will be joined by men of the
East and of the West who do not believe in
selecting out this particular agricultural product ,
and putting burdens on it. I believe it to be 1
unwise, and the present rate of taxation is i
oppressive and burdensome; and I feel it to •
be wrong to aid in any way in keeping it upon j
the statute-book. I
If Seuators believe that we ought to collect
something from cotton, let us adopt the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton".] I should like to apply it to
all the crop that is now in the hands of the
producers. Those who sold earliest, although
they paid the tax, are better off than those
who sell now. Then let us reduce the tax to
one cent. Let only one cent a pound be col-
lected ; and let us make the reduction now.
One cent a pound is a large tax to put on the
article of cotton. In 1864 it sold for SI 8-3
a pound. After that it went down and down,
until now it has got to be only fifteen cents a
pound. Middlings are now sold for sevenpence
in Liverpool, and the best judges in England
believe that it will go down to sixpence and
that this price will discourage planting and
the crop next year will be less than that of the
present year. It may rise & little in price, but
cotton will rule low for years to come. There i
cannot be any doubt about that. Now, we j
have a tax of two and a half cents a pound
on an article that only brings fifteen cents a
pound. Sir, it is utterly indefensible, and fair-
minded and liberal men will so regard it. It
ia a burden intolerable to be borne. To take
one bale of cotton out of every four bales pro-
duced is too great a portion not to be seen
and felt, too.
I hope, sir, that whatever we may do we
shall do it now, do it before we adjourn, do it
before the holidays. Let us give to this blasted
and stricken section of the country, ground to
atoms in the war, blighted by drought, over-
flowed by the Mississippi, a little heart and
hope by acting on this subject now, so as to
give them an opportunity to enter upon their
planting in January, preparing their fields for
culture, and employing their labor. If we do
it we may reasonably hope that they will make
another struggle to improve their condition.
They have made nothing out of the ilruggles
they have made since the war. Those who
held cotton at the end of the war made some- i
thing; but the men who planted in I860 made
nothing; those who planted in I860 made noth-
ing, and those who planted in 1867 made less
than nothing by millions of dollars. Then let
us encourage them and help them to build up
this interest again.
Sir, ourpeople are ft patriotic, liberty-loving,
ju^t people, who love the whole country, in-
cluding the rebel States. Every man knows
that this high tax is wrong. Suppose it was
upon wool. We passed a tariff which we hoped
would break the force of the reduction of wool
and woolens; but wool and woolens have gone
down in spite of it. The wool-growers are
losing money, and the wool manufacturers are
all losing money. I am for relieving them at
the earliest moment. But, sir, they have made
money; they are strong; these men of the
South, land-owners ana laborers, are weak;
and it is our duty, as men who care for the
country and the people of the whole country,
and who embrace every section of the country
in their affections, to help those who are down,
whether they are black men or white men. I
am always for the under dog in a fight.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I think it would
be a pity to have this question come to a vote
bsfare every Senator has had an opportunity to
make up his mind fully upon it; and for fear
that there are some Senators who have not had
that time since that early day in our history
when this debate commenced, 1 propose to con-
tinue it, not for the purpose of helping them in
making up their minds, but simply to occupy
the time while they are making up their minds.
[Laughter.]
And yet, sir, I do not know that I should be
emboldened to take any part in this debate but
for the remarks which have been just submitted
by the Seuator from Massachusetts. I like
the spirit of broad and generous humauity
which characterized his remarks as well as any
man can like anything; but after all it is true
of his observations, as it was of the observations
of Captain Bunsby, that the bearings of them
lay in the practical application; ana when you
come to the practical application of some of
the remarks submitted by my friend I am not
so sure that there was quite that sum of human-
ity in them which upon the first glance they
would seem to have. While he was, in utter
forgetfulness and abnegation of the wrongs
which have been piled upon the country during
the last six or seven years by the owners of cot-
ton, pleading their present poverty and wretch-
edness as a reason why the nation should now
rush forward to their relief, and to their relief
by a measure so potentas to remita tax of two
and a half cents a pound on cotton, while he
was pleading their cause and in that spirit here,
I did listen to him with a great deal of interest
and with considerable sympathy; but when he
wound up by telling us that after all we had got
to pay this money, that it would come out of
the East, it would come out of the North, it
rather seemed to me as though he might have
omitted the preface of that conclusion and have
pleaded the other cause altogether.
Mr. President, if it be said that the fact that
a man has raised a pound of cotton is a reason
why he should pay two and a half cents into
the Treasury of the United States, I dissent
from it altogether. I do not believe that is a
good reason for taxing men ; and this tax never
would have been imposed, one iota of it, upon
a single pound of cotton with any idea that the
producer of the cotton was to pay the tax. It
was imposed with the understanding and with
the belief that the consumer of the cotton would
pay the tax; and now that is true of us. If it
is true in one year, that may not be a reason
for imposing it forever. But, sir, when the tax
was imposed it was believed not only that it
could be collected of the consumer for one year,
but that it could be collected from him gen-
erally, and as a rule that the consumer would
pay it. You know there must be exceptions.
There is not a tax upon products in your whole
internal revenue which you uniformly collect
from the consumer. The tax that you lay upon
the manufactures of cotton, the tax that you
lay upon the manufactures of wooden-ware, the
tax that you lay upon every single manufac-
tured article, the tax that you lay upon whisky,
you know you cannot uniformly collect frotn
the consumer. Nay, sir, take the tax that you
collect into the Treasury from licenses; you
know you will sometimes demand licenses from
men who cannot realize out of the business
you license the amount they pay for the license
over and above what the support of their fam-
ily costs. How do you justify that tax? Why,
you say, there is so great a probability that
these taxed parties will be able to collect these
sums from the community that they will be
willing to pay those sums for the privilege of
"trying it on." If it be true of the manufac-
turer of cotton, or the manufacturer of iron or
of wood, that they can afford to pay the tax
you levy upon them for the chance of collect-
ing it back from the community, it is, I think
I know, true also of the producer of cotton.
It is an article of prime necessity as much as
wheat is, and it is an article unlike wheat; it
cannot be raised by everybody; it cannot be
raised anywhere; the Culture of it and the
production of it is confined to a small sec-
tion of our country and to a small number of
people.
Mr. President, I am told that a traveler on
the other side of the ocean may find at the
watering places and at a variety of infirmaries
there a great number of ex-monarchs who have
been, iu recent political convulsions, deposed,
and are now seen wandering about there in a
very hopeless and dilapidated condition. I
have heard of a good many of them. I never
have heard of one who seems tew me to have
fallen so far and to have fallen so low as this
monarch that we were looking up to a few
years ago under the title of king cotton. We
all know that but a very few years ago we were
taught to believe that cotton was not only an
absolute sovereign here, but really the mon-
arch of the world ; that cotton could take upon
itjself the burdens of a great rebellion and its
responsibilities also, and that it could com-
mand to its assistance not only the allegiance
of our manufacturing friends in the North and
in the East, but also the fleets of Great Britain,
the armies of France, the resources of all con-
tinents, and the prayers almost of the world.
What are we told of it now? Why, that it is
so helpless that it really cannot stand alone;
that if you put a burden of two and a half cents
a pound upon it it is gone hopelessly and
beyond reach. Sir, I never believed more than
half that was told me of the august majesty of
cotton, and I do not believe more than half
that is told me to-day of its helplessness.
I said that cotton was an article of prime
necessity. The world must have it and will
have it. When the world can get it at ten
cents a pound I do not think the world will
hurry to buy any more; but when the world
cannot get it short of eighty cents a pound you
know the world will pay eighty cents a pound,
and has paid it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Two dollars a pound,
Mr. HOWE.* Two dollars a pound my
friend says. It will pay what is necessary to
produce it, what is necessary to get it, I mean;
not what is necessary to enable the producer
to raise it, but what is required to get it. And
another thing is true, Mr. President, that the
world of consumption has every year about so
much money to pay for eotton, and will pay
about that amount, no more nor less. When
it can get five hundred million bales of cotton
for that sum it will be glad to get five hundred
million bales; if it cannot get but two hundred
and fifty millions it will take two hundred
and fifty millions. Ordinarily it disburses the
money it has and gets as much cotton for it as
it can, and the amount of cotton it gets for the
money it has to spare will depend upon the
amount which is produced and is in the market
for sale.
When this tax was laid cotton bore a very
high price. It is said now that it command
but a very low price. Why does it command
a low price? I suppose the pricei of cotton
this year, as the price of cotton in all years, is
governed precisely by the law which governs
the price of other commodities like unto it—
the law of demand and supply; and it happens
that a pound of cotton bears a lower price this
year than it did two years ago, either because
there is a great deal more cotton in the market
this year than there was two years ago, or
because the market is not able to take so much
this year as two years ago, or from both these
causes combined. If the latter cause be the
one, if it be because the market is not able to
buy the cotton already produced and waiting
for a sale, then, sir, do you not see how much
out of place all this talk is about the poverty
of the South ? ■ They never use their cotton;
they never consume their cotton. Europe and
the Union consume their cotton. We have
been their purchasers, and we are still their
purchasers. It may be that you can establish
the fact that we are too poor to buy their cot-
ton, and, if so, we are in a "bad way. 1 trust
we are paying for what we do buy; but I think
it very evident, from what you may read and
hear from the North and from the'East that
we are not so able to buy cotton as we have
been in former years.
But after all, sir, nobody interferes on our
