132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Report on Southern Railroads.
40th Cong....2b Sess.
Chief Quartermastkk's Office,
United Status Military
"Nashville, Tennessee, October 10, iobb.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith a state-
ment ot the indebtedness oi the hast lennessce and
Virginia Railroad Company to too United fetates on
account oi purchase oi material under executive or-
ders. You are respectfully mlormed that your appli-
cation tor a second extension ot time 111 whicn to
make payments ot interest and installment, having
been referred to the honorable Secretary 01 War, has
been returned to this othec disapproved. _
My orders in the promises arc imperative, and no
fiirttier delay pending application for extension ot
time can be allowed; and you are further mtormed
that unless the payment of ail an ears Irom the expi-
ration of your extension #re provided for by the 'J,t th
instant X shall proceed to enlorco the terms of the
bond executed by your company.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. 11. HAMILL,
J3revet Major, Assistant Quartermaster.
JOHN R. Branner. Esq., President East Tennessee and
Virginia liaiiroad Company, Knoxville, Tennessee.
A true copy: S. II. IIAMILL,
Brevet Major\ Assistant Quartermaster.
[Telegram.]
Washington, D. 0., October 23,1866.
The President of the UnitedStatesdirectsproceed-
ings against the East Tennessee and Virginia liaii-
road Company,on account ol it  allegedindcbtcdncss
to tho United States, to be suspended until further
orders. M. C. MEIGS, 7
Qnartermabter General
Majors. R. IIamill, Assistant Quarter/natter.
A true copy: S. R. IIAMILL,
Brevet Mfjor, Assistant Quartermaster.
Quartermaster Genekai/s Office,
Washington, D.O., October 21, ltfuG.
Major: You will report without delay the amount
claimed by tho East Tennessee and Viignua. liaiiroad
Company to be due thorn tor transportation servu es
not credited, and what portion thereof should be
credited on their account.
By order of the Quarteimaster General.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEXANDER BLISS,
Colonel Quaitcrmaster'fi /Jc/)artment, ^
in charr/e Poiuth Division,
Brevet Major S. R. Hamill,
Assistant Quartermaster, JSanncille, lennessee.
Atruecopy: S. R. HAMILL,
Brevet JMiijor, Axifstant Quartet master.
Ill which correspondence it will be perceived
that Major S. R. Haraill says:
"Under tho circumstances I do not feel authoiized
to recommend the extension: but, i)rmg firmly con-
vinced that it is the settled policy of this as well as
of other roads to postpone the payment ot the sums
due the United Slates indefinitely, hoping event-
ually to have tho whole indebtedness canceled by
legislative enactments, I, on the contrary, recom-
mend that further extensions be nut gu.ntcd, unless
the claim of Mr. Bianner for buppiies furnished
General Burnside be considered a valid one." 441
would respectfully urge a more decided policy to-
ward these companies who fail to make payments
even under the extended terms granted by the Gov-
ernment."
And Quartermaster General M. C. Meigs,
in his letter of transmittal, remarks:
" I invite attention to the report of Major Ilamill,
and concur in it. No disposition whatever appcais
to be evinced by this road to m^et its engagements
with the United States. It would be, I think, to the
detriment of the interests ot tlie Government to
encourage the non-compliance with the obligations
voluntaiily and formally entered into with it, and
would cause other roads which now manifest a will-
ingness to abide by their obligations to complain of
partiality and to tail, also, hereafter in the discharge
of them."
The recommendation of the Quartermaster
General was approved by the Secretary of
War.
Mr. Branner, president of the road, was duly
informed that the application for a second
extension of time was disapproved. This was
under date Kith of October, 18GG; and he was
also then informed by Major S. R. Hamill
that " unless payment of arrears should be pro-
vided for by the 27th of that month, he would
proceed to enforce the terms of the bond."
On2odof same month the President directed
proceedings against that road to be suspended
until further orders.
O11 -1th January. Ib67, (see pages 200 and
210, Report No. *54,) Secretary of War IS. M.
Stanton addressed a communication to the
President, reiterating the facts upon which was
based the recommendation of the Quarter-
master General, approved by the Secretary of
War, that the extension requested should not
be granted, and recommending that the case
be referred to Major General Thomas for re-
port, whether any, and, if so, what further,
extension should be granted.
This reference to General Thomas was ap-
proved by the President. it was in due course
referred to Mr. Branner, president of the road,
and by him replied to 011 the 19th February,
18G7. (See pages 211 and 212 of Report No.
34.) This reply of Mr. Branner was referred to
Major S. R. Ilamill, and by him, on 4th March,
1867, returned to Major General Thomas (see
pages 213 and 214 of Report No. 34) with a
report. I11 that report Major ITamill says:
" There is abundantreason tobcHcvfithat the East
Tennessee and Virginialtailroiul Company is able to
pay at lenst a. large portion of their indebtedness, nor
is such abilitydi-niod by Mr.Brnnnor. To make such
a settlement asis suggested by Mr. Branner with any
of the railroad companies of the Southwest without
doinegross injustice to the Government is absolutely
impo.sMble. Tho only manner to make such settlo-
ment without stultifying and disgracing tho (iovern-
nient would be to pay each stockholder, upon proof
of lojalty to tho Government, the amount, of Ins in-
dividual loss ns a member of tho corporation, and let
the disloyal submit, to at least one of flic ju.-t results
of treason and rebellion. If this claim is admitted
as ,tn offset to tho indebtedness tho precedent will
not only impede but stop collections from even' rail-
road 111 the Southwest, iind render treason not only
respectable but pccuniaiily advantageous. Mr.
Bi-.iiiner's present lettei is only a repetition of that
of August, lSliti, in detail: and I can sec 110 reason
lor elianutng my recommendation. 1 respectfully
recommend that 110 ftirtlieruxtension bogranted, but
that payment bo exacted."
The committee have been able to find no
revocation, in consequence of the recommend-
ation of Major Hamill, of the President's order
directing proceedings to be suspended ; but that
order ol' 2;5d October, 1806, is still in existence,
with all the virtue it ever had.
And how hopeful Mr. Branner is of ultimate
success may be readily seen by a reference to
page 89 of lieport of Testimony No. 8, of For-
tieth Congress, and heretofore copied inlo this
report, where it appears that that road had
reduced its indebtedness on 1st November,
1807, to tho Government only £(>,501), leaving
a debt, originally $205,(>55 (15, of $--5'.),104 51.
But it may be well to notice the testimony
of this railroad president, who claims to have
been loyal. On page 115 of Repot I No. 3 he
testifies:
" [ do not denybut I played sometimes to save my
road and myself a little secession, as we all did down
there. There is no secret about that. Every promi-
nent man had to do so who staid there."
How easy it is for one who "played seces-
sion" to save his property to play Union like-
wise when interest dictates we can understand
when we find this witness and railroad presi-
dent testifying on page 118, lieport No. 3:
"My feelings and sentiments were Union, and all
prominent Union men in the country knew it;"
and on page 115, lieport No. 3, presenting a
copy of an account of his road^against the
United States, of which $270,726 are for
destruction of bridges, rolling stock, depot
buildings, &c. ; and on page 117, Report No.
3, replying, in answer to questions:
" I suppose we ought to entertain, in addition to
these accounts, at some time or another, an account
for the use of the road by the United States Govern-
ment."
The committee have spoken thus at length
of this East Tennessee and Virginia road be-
cause the indications are that Tennessee roads
will be used in the attempt to open the way to
the United States Treasury for the payment of
such claims as have been alluded to. Should
it be contended that such accounts should be
allowed, and especially of this road, because
of the loyalty of stockholders, the testimony
of Mr. Branner himself, whose neutral position
certainly does not entitle him to the character
of a competent judge of the loyalty of others,
shows that a portion of them were disloyal, i
(See pages 115 and 116, Report No. 3.)
Neither are prominent men of Tennessee uni-
ted in tlieir opinion as to the loyalty of Mr.
Branner, for, while Joseph A. Cooper, general
commanding State militia, on page 86, Report
No. 3, testifies : '
"lie[Branner] was a Union man at the breaking
out of the war, and so continued during the war;
Major Samuel Hunt, on page 7i>, Report No.
3 testifies i
'"During the rebellion I resided a portion of the
time in Bast TennessS;, and I was a portion of the
time a piivate soldier, and a portion^of the time
major of the ninth Tennessee cavalry;
And—
" I have understood, since the Federal Army came
into East Tennessee, that during, the rebellion Mr.
Branner was not considered a mnion man. X never
heard any one accuse him of it.
And it is well to remark here that this wit-
ness, who proved his loyalty by riskinghis life,
does not agree with Mr. Branner, an interested
witness, in his opinion as to the loyalty of the
stockholders of this road. On page 79 of
Report No. 3 he testifies:
" The majority of tbcm were not loyal, but partici-
pated in and sympathized with the rebellion. I
apply this to the directors, officers, and stockholders
of the road."
TIIE EAST TENNESSEE AND GEORGIA ROAD.
But the importance of this subjeet compels
the committee to direct attention to another
road—the East Tennessee and Georgia—that it
may be seen how formidable is tlie combination
to press the unjust claims of these roads.
On the 20th day of November, 1867, the fol-
lowing joint resolution was adopted by the Gen-
eral Assembly of Tennessee—(see page 27,
Report No. 34:)
General Assembly of Tennessee—Joint Resolution
No. 1.
Whereas the State of Tennesseebas invested in the
East Tennessee and Virginia, and the East Tennes-
see and Georgta railroads over four million dollars;
and whereas when the military authorities turned
over these roads to their owneis the companies were
compelled to purchase largely of the rolling stock
and fixtures, thus incurring large debts; and whereas
the Government is pressing the collection of these
heavy debts notifying the companies of its purpose
to tnkft possession ot the roads: and whereas the
companies claim that after all just credits are given
lor tue use of these roads by the Government but
little, if anything, will be owing to the Government:
Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Tennessee, That the Governor be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint a commissioner on behalf of
the State to proceed at oncc to Washington, with
books and accounts, to act in connection with two
other commissioners appointed by Presidents Bran-
ner and Calloway, and eifeet a final settlement.
Be it further resolved, That the commissioner on
the part of tho Stat e be allowed a fair compensation
tor his services, to be approved by the Governor; and
that the comptroller issue his warrant for the s«ine
after said services shall have been rendered: Pro-
vided, That the Governor shall have power to ap-
point similar commissioners tor other roads when
in his judgment it is necessary: And provided, fur-
ther, That the expense incurred for the pay and
expen=e.s of said commissioners shall be paid by the
said roads.
Adopted by the Senate November 16,1866.
Amended and concurred in by the House of Rep-
resentatives November 17,1866.
Amendment concurred in by the Senate Novem-
ber 20,1866. WILLIAM HEISKELL,
Speaker of the House of Bepreventafives.
JOSHUA B. FRIERSON,
Speaker of the Senate.
And the following appointment was made,
(see page 28 of Report No. 34 :)
State op Tennessee, Exeovtive Department,
Nashville, november 23, 1s66.
General: In accordance with the provisions of the
foregoing joint resolution, jou are hereby appointed
commissioner m behaltot theState, to cooperate with
the reprebentati\e  of the Ea>t Tennessee and Vir-
ginia. and Ea*t Tenne^ee and Georgia railroads, in
effecting a settlement with the United skates Gov-
ernment in their accounts with the aforesaid roads.
Y ou will at once enter upon the duties of said office
and report your notion to ?hi< department.
WILLIAM G. BRUWNLOW, Governor,
By the Governor:
A. J. FLETCHER, Secretary of State.
General L. S. Trowbridge, KoojriiU, Tennessee.
A true copy: L. S. TROWBRIDGE.
So that the General Assembly of Tennessee
seem to have forgotten their duty to uphold
the national credit, and blinded by the invest-
ment of a few million dollars in railroads,
encourage in elleet the roads to dishonor their
bonds when, in the words of Major Ilamill,
(page 213, Report No. 84,) their execution
was certainly known to be a prerequisite to the
transfer of the property."
