248
TffE dONGrRESSION'AL GLOBE.
December IB,
behalf. We have got to pay the taxes; we
have got to discharge the interest on the public
debt; we are obliged to maintain the Govern-
ment ; and if we do not pay this money on the
shirts we wear we must pay it on the boots we
wear, or on the whisky we drink, or on the
goods we import. There is no remission for
uA. Poor as we aire, we must find the money
to carry on this Government and redeem its
obligations.
Well, sir, suppose the other is the cause;
suppose the real cause of the declining price in
cotton is that there is too much, that they have
produced an unusual quantity, more than the
market in a normal state could take—is this a
cause of complaint, that they have produced
two bales of cotton where they only expected
one? They have got just as much value, do
you not see, and they have expended no more.
The complaint really is that they have got
more cotton than they bargained for. Then
they are more able to pay taxes.
But that is not the ground urged really.
The next trouble is, that the market on which
they depend for the sale of this cotton ia not
able to take it. The trouble is, not that the
South is poor, but that the North is poor.
Now, I have simply to say, as one citizert of the
North, that you cannot relieve us by taking off
this tax from cotton and putting it on some-
thing else. Besides, it is true and ought to be
borne in mind, as has been suggested by other
Senators in the course of this debate, that so
far as cotton is an article of export, so far as
it contributes to the support of the Govern-
ment, portions of our citizens are released
from the payment of the tax, and it falls upon
a community in whose welfare we are only
interested as we are interested in the welfare
of all the world.
Mr. President, I have no dbubt there is a
great deal of poverty in the neighborhoods
from which cotton comes. I ftm afraid that
is too true. I regret it. If I do not mistake
myself I would do as much as any other
man in a legitimate way to relieve it; but this
tax is not to be collected from that poverty.
The man who hag a bale of cotton to sell, the
man who has a thousand bales of cotton to
sell, is not one of these distressed and utterly
Wretched individuals who are likely, in the
language of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
be clamoring here for relief from destitution
and suffering before this Legislature adjourns.
The man who has cotton to sell is a capitalist.
It may be that two and a half cents is a very
large sum to take ont of each pound of cotton.
It is a large snm. A half cent, a mill, the
smallest fraction of a mill, is too much to take
out of a pound of cotton, if it must be paid by
the man who produces the cotton; but if it
must be paid by the men who consume the
cotton, as I said before, we may as well pay it
on that as on anything. I am very sorry that
any consumer should have to pay a dime upon
any article that he consumes. In point of fact,
when you come down to consider the reasoti
of the thing, you cannot conceive of a more
nefarious—1 use the word advisedly—of a more
nefarious reason for imposing a tax upon a
man than that he finds himself hungry and
needs food for consumption, or finds himself
cold and must have clothing to protect himself
against the inclemency of the weather. And
yet that is the reason which lies at the founda-
tion of every one of your taxes on products.
Sir, the men from whom this tax will come
in the first instance are not the wretched and
the poor of those districts. It will come in
the first instance from the capitalists of those
districts, and it will come from them only as
the equivalent for the requisition you put into
their hands, as you put it into the hands of
every other producer upon whom you levy any
tax whatever, which authorizes them to charge
it over to the cost of the article and to get it
from the consumer, if they can; and they can
get it just ifnder the conditions that every other
producer can get what he pays to the Govern-
Of course, Mr. President, you can always
make a special case against every tax laid on
products. If you want to presejit a picture of
poverty and of destitution—and with many that
stands as the argument for remitting any tax
you can find that argument in every one of
our communities. Yesterday morning a news-
paper published in the great commercial me-
tropolis of this country stated the fact that a
woman took poison and administered it to fbur
of her children with the deliberate purpose of
putting an end to their lives—driven to it by
destitution. That is but twelve hours' distance
from the capital of the nation; that is in the
great commercial metropolis of the country;
and the case is not an isolated one. They tell
you that in that single city fifty thousand peo-
ple are out of employment. Here is occasion
for relief; here is cause for sympathy; but who
rushes forward to propose the remission of
any taxes on that account? That is wot the
proper measure of relief; it is not the way to
administer relief in such cases. Undoubtedly
it is a great crime in somebody that any human
being should be left so poor and so destitute as
to be driven to Suicide as a relief from poverty.
If it is a crime anywhere in this country, where
God haS fbrnished the means for all to live, it
is much more a crime in a city so rich as is the
city of New York. But New York does not
come to us and ask that her taxes shall be
remitted because a woman unfortunately was
driven to suicide by destitution.
I thought I foresaw in the beginning, Mr.
President, that every one of the taxes which
we lay on products would be subject to just
these clamors from time to time. Whenever
the trade, so to speak, in any particular prod-
uct is active, the demand for it quick and eager
and greedy, then the man who pays the tax
does not care anything about it, because the
community takes his produce eagerly off his
hands and remunerates him for the tax and
pays a large commission to him for paying it to
the Government, and pays him enormous profits
upon his goods. But when the trade in that
article begins to be dull, when the demand for it
grows less eager, then the price begins to come
down; he finds it difficult to collect this money
that he has advanced to the Government from
the consumers; and by and by he finds it diffi-
cult to realize the first cost of the article itself;
and by and by he is compelled to stop pro-
ducing the article itself. What then? One of
two things must follow: either the Finance
Committee must stand upon the principle of
collecting these taxes one yeax with another,
whether the demand is brisk or otherwise, or
they must stand upon the principle of guaran-
tying, warranting the payer of the tax that he
shall collect it from the Consumer; and you
must apply that not only to cbtton, but to every
other product upon which you impose a tax.
I am not very particular which one of these
principles is relied upon. I would be infinitely
glad, sir, if the Committee on Finance would
find some way of raising the revenue necessary
to support the Government without imposing
a dollar's tax upon any product; but until they
do I cannot consent to remit the tax upon this
article of cotton, either now or in February,
until the Committee on Finance can persuade
me that we who wear the cotton can better
afford to pay the tax on something else than
we can to pay it on that. That is an argument
they have not yet attempted. It is an argu-
ment, I think, which whenever they attempt
they will fail in, for I think I know myself that
it does not make a particle of difference to me
on which of the articles of clothing I wear I
make my annual contribution to the wants of
the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
there have been so tnany reasons stated for the
abolition of this tax that I find myself confused
when I undertake, if I shall undertake, to adopt
either of them &s the basis of any judgment I
might form upon what is proper to be done in
this case. I am rathe'r disposed to look at this
case as a plea for cotton ; and, representing a
community that has much to do with its con-
sumption, of course I should be inclined to
favor sutih a plea; but it has beeh put upon
grounds, by one or two gentlemen Eit. least who
nave spoken upoii the subject, which, it seems
to me, call upon some of us to define, if we can,
to some extent, the relations of this nation to
cotton. Heretofore it has not been difficult to
do so. We have been told many a time in the
past that it was our master to some very great
extent; that it entered so largely into the econo-
mies of life that We must not disregard it. In
some sense, in a political way, I believe it was
thought to have got the mastery of the nation,
so that it was really etititled to be called king.
Whert I listened to the conciliatory speech of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] yesterday I began to think that it was
coming back to this Chamber with its manners
of old, and that we should be obliged to con-
sider it in that aspect; but from what has been
said to-day by my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] I am inclined to think on the
whole that it is not belligerent.
Now, Mr. President, I believe I have heird
but two ideas, if I may analyze the debate at
all, which, to any considerable extent, have
entered into the debate at large, and to which
I purpose for a few moments, if the Senate
will give me its indulgence, to advert. First,
it>is said that the cotton ought to be considered
favorably on account of its national concern
and the relation it has to the freedmen, and
particularly to the local communities now in a
state of desolation; ahd, in the second place,
it ought to command our attention because the
tax is an oppression and an injustice. These
are, I believe, the two ideas upon which the
plea iti behalf of cotton is made.
Now, sir, what is the relation of cotton to
this nation ? Heretofore, as I have said, it has
been that of a monopoly. It has monopolized
the market at home and it has monopolized the
cotton markets of the world. Is it so to-day?
Clearly no. Is it to be so in the future? Clearly
no. The monopoly is lost, lost forever. The
great Statesman of the South, great in the sense
in which he controlled the mind of the South
upon the great question which we have recently
settled by armed rebellion, said that three inei-
derits conspired to make cotton a monopoly
and omnipotent in its sway; and those three
incidents Were climate, -soil, and labor. The
first two were never what he supposed. Neither
climate nor soil contributed in a very large
degree to malts the monopoly. Egypt has a
climate equally favorable for the production of
cotton, and the finest quality of cotton ; the
Indies and China perhaps not quite so favor-
able, but still favorable to the production of the
coarser quality. But the great condition on
which the monopoly depended, undoubtedly,
and on \Aich itwas sustained, was labor. That
condition of labor has passed away and forever,
and with it the monopoly on which it rested.
I might illustrate this in a thousand ways;
but it is hardly necessary to do so. A mere
statement of it, I think, will challenge assent.
It may be illustrated by an anecdote (which I
rarely tell in the Senate) of the two manufac-
turers of brooms side by side, one flourishing
and the other declining. The one said, "How
is it that you flourish, I decline; you increase,
I diminish? I buy in the best markets of the
world ; still I do not flourish." " Well," said
the other, "you buy and pay for your article;
I steal mine." [Laughter.] Here we were
enabled to command the markets of the world
in cotton, and we made it a monopoly; and
neither Egypt, with a favorable climate, nor
the Indies, nOr China, could compete with us.
Why ? They paid for their labor; we did not.
The monopoly h&s gone, and gone forever.
Let those sigh for it who will. My honorable
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] seemed to
regret it. He seemed to think that it was the
duty of the nation to foster cotton, to bring
back the good old days when cotton was king,
when it might enter herewith royal speech and
dictate the terms on which we should live. It
is not worth while to discuss it, because it is all
of the past, never to return. It went with the
system. It was not possible for it to live a day
