1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is, therefore, a consideration founded on the
actual condition of the Arkansas bill which
comes in to support the motion of my friend,
the Senator from Iowa. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will proceed with the District
business until such time as it may find itself
disposed to go to the consideration of executive
busine-ss.
Mr. WILSON. I rise, Mr. President, to
express the hope tha| the Senate will proceed
with the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of Arkansas; and I hope, when we hare
done that, we shall immediately proceed to the
consideration of a bill to admit the other six
States that are now prepared for and are asking
admission here. It seems to me there can be
no business of this District, or of any other
kind that can come before us, which can be
compared in importance one moment with the
completing_ of this work of restoration and
reconstruction. Sir, we profess—and we are in
possession of facts that require us to proclaim
it here and elsewhere—that the protection of
the loyal people of those States requires our
action; and I hope that we shall allownothing,
I care not what it is, to put aside the considera-
tion of this bill and the immediate considera-
tion of the bill relating to the six other States
which have made constitutions and have elected
Legislatures. They can do nothing until we
act, and it is important, therefore, that we at
once attend to this business and that we relieve
the people of those seven States from the rebel
officers who now rule and dominate over them,
and put those States under the control of men
who are ioyal to the country and true to liberty
and justice and humanity. Therefore, sir,
while! should be very glad to adhere to the vole
of the Senate to set apart this day for matters
relating to this District, I know that matters
relatingto this Distrietare of minor importance
when compared with the great work of com-
pleting the reconstruction of this Government.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if I remem-
ber correctly about the business of the Senate
for the last six months, the District of Columbia
has had its fair share of the time. The busi-
ness connected with this District may be be-
hind somewhat, and perhaps it is, but the
business of the whole country is sadly behind,
and the affairs of this District are certainly
very trivial in importance when compared with
the affairs of reconstruction and the importance
of settling the question of reconstruction ; and
I hope that the affairs of the District of Co-
lumbia will at least be allowed to give way to
such questions as this.
Mr. President, whenever it is proposed by
the District Committee to consider some meas-
ures for the improvement of the horrible con-
dition of the streets of this city, especially
Pennsylvania avenue, I shall perhaps feel more
indulgently inclined to give way and set apart
a day for that business.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I desire
to ask, when the occasion presents itself, unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider a reso-
lution of inquiry, calling upon the General of
the Army for a supplemental report of papers
in the case of Arkansas. Until within a day
or two I was not aware that there were addi-
tional papers relating to the recent election in
that State, although the fact that such were
about being transmitted is mentioned in the
report sent by the General of the Army to the
House of Representatives. I am now informed
that those papers are probably in the War
Department, and that they are very important
in their character. Whether there is or is not
a formal report accompanying them from Gen-
eral Gillem, I cannot say. If I can get the ear
of the Senate, and can get my resolution
adopted, I propose to have it sent up to-day
and get these papers, if possible, by to-morrow.
I mention this in connection with this ques-
tion of the order of business, because it is mv
opinion that we ought to have before us, when
the debate on the Arkansas case proceeds, all
the official information which is within our
reach in Washington, as the debate, -whenever
We reach the bill itself and get rid of the ques-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 167.
tions of amendment, will ttma principally upon
matters of fact which are contained in the
report already transmitted to the House of
Representatives by General Grant. In discuss-
ing these matters of fact we ought to have
possession of all the information which is
now within reach in this city. I shall vote to
postpone that bill^ and take up other busingss
to-day, with the idea that we shall proceed
again with the Arkansas question to-morrow,
and I mention this matter as a reason for my
vote.
I will only add that I have 110 desire to pro-
tract debate upon this question, or consume
any unnecessary time ; but I suspect that by
the adoption of my resolution, and by delaying
the consideration of the cause until to-morrow,
we shall probably make better progress than
if we take it up now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
know what information the Senator from Penn-
sylvania refers to ; he has not indicated what
it is. We have a report from the General of
the Army containing the report of the officer
in command in the district of which Arkansas
forms a part, and that report shows the elec-
tion, the result of the election, and all the
information, I suppose, that is to be obtained
about it. Certainly we ought to have the in-
formation that is accessible that bears upon
this question ; but unless the Senator from
Pennsylvania indicates what it is that he wants
it seems to me we should not postpone this
matter in order that we may fish after testi-
mony. What is it, upon what subject is it, to
what does it relate? We have the constitu-
tion of Arkansas here ; that is one thing we
wish. We have the evidence of its ratification
by the people; that is another thing. Now,
what more do we want? What further is
necessary for our action than these facts? If
there is anything in relation to these facts not
embodied here let us know what it is.
But, sir, I should regret very much if the
Senate should agree to lay aside this important
measure. It is the great question that this
country has been engaged in since the close of
the war—the reorganization of the rebel States.
We listened yesterday to a two hours' speech,
made by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
McCreeuy.] deploring the sad condition of
things in the rebel States, telling us of the mil-
itary rule, of the despotism, of the disorder,
and of the violence there. Then let the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and all other Senators,
join and recognize a civil form of government
in Arkansas, and_ in the other rebel States, that
shall dispense with what you call a military
despotism. Congress is pledged, the country
is pledged, we are all pledged to the earliest re-
establishment of civil government in the rebel
States that is practicable with safety to the
Union people there, and safety to the Union
itself. Every consideration impels us to this.
Justice requires it—justice to the loyal peo-
ple there, whom we have encouraged to labor
for the last twelve months in the organiza-
tion of a State government. When they have
made that government complete, complied with
your laws, gone through all this labor of regis-
tration, of elections once and twice, of conven-
tions to form constitutions, and have complied
with every provision which you have prescribed
that they could comply with, have done every
act that it was possible they could do under
your law, with what face can we sit here and
lay aside this question, which we have all
sought to bring to an early settlement, when
they present themselves here in this condition.
They having complied with every requisition
that has been imposed, what will you say to
the loyal people of Arkansas, whom you have
encouraged to form this government?
And how, let me ask, is a government ever
to be established? Why, sir, suppose you were
to impose new conditions, were to reject this
constitution, refuse to act upon it, will you pass
another law and tell the people of Arkansas to
form another State organization ? When they
have done it will tliey be in any better condi-
tion than they are to-day? Will the Congress
then in session consider itself under 'any more
obligation than we are tinder to carry out the
measures which we have inaugurated?
I do trust, sir, that this measure is not to be
put over on any suggestion by the Senator from
Pennsylvania that he wants some other evi-
dence, unless he will tell us specifically what
that evidence is, and where itis, and what bear-
ing it has upon the question under considera-
tion. We have here the constitution officially
communicated. We have here the evidence of
its ratification officially communicated. What
isit that the Senator from Pennsylvania wants?
He has heard that some other papers have been
communicated. I know not what they are; I
have no knowledge that any such exist; but
surely, when the evidence is complete as it lies
upon our tables, we should not delay this most
important of all questions that can come before
Congress, unless there is some specific state-
ment showing that there are other documents
important to the consideration of this question
which can be had by delay.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, of course
it is impossible for me to recite the contents
of those documents without examining them,
or without having made some further inquiry.
It seems from the official report made by Gen-
eral Gillem that he does not report that the
constitution was adopted. He makes no dec-
laration upon that subject. He states that,
according to the returns sent to him, a partic-
ular result is reached, and he proceeds to say
that without waiting further he forwards all
the papers and evidence in his possession upon
this subject of the adoption of the constitution.
That is perfectly true. It seems that he sent
an officer to Little Rock who made some in-
formal inquiries there, who reported to him on
the 22d of April. He waited apparently for
his report, because the communication to Gen-
eral Grant is dated the 23d, the day following,
but before the additional evidence which was
in course of preparation could reach him. It
does not seem that he chose to wait for that,
but sent on what he bad at the time. What I
propose is that the additional evidence sub-
mitted to General Gillem, and any additional
report by him upon the subject of this election,
shall be called for and immediately obtained.
I do not propose that the Senate shall be de-
layed by waiting too long a time for this report,
or for printing it. I presume we can get it by
to-morrow.
On page 29 of the report I have referred to,
the Senator from Illinois will find two dis-
patches from a gentleman who was active in
accumulating the evidence which is reported,
some of it, in this document by General Gil-
lem. He informs him that he is about send-
ing on additional papers. I understand that
those papers and that evidence are partly offi-
cial and partly made up of affidavits showing
the proceedings of the registers, who liau con-
trol of the election ; showing the manner in
which the returns were made up. I believe
one paper is a circular from this board of com-
missioners, which wa3 appointed by the con-
vention for holding the State election. Other
papers relate to the manner in which returns
were made up. In the case of one of the
counties, where there were surplus votes, there
are proofs that there were never any precinct
returns made, but simply a general return for
the country—additional proof to that which is
already contained in the document wjth refer-
ence to the officer who had control of those
returns. That was a case of alleged fraud;
and there is a dispatch from liim inquiring
how many more votes were needed from a par-
ticular county which he had returned, and say-
ing that they should be made up. Jn this
report it seems an excuse is made for that
officer that he was intoxicated, and that the
general return, which was in his possession,
was delayed some time by reason^ of incapa-
city arising from drunkenness. This evidence,
showing his dispatches about that time, will
show the business in which he was engaged
and will bear strongly upon the general return
of that county, the papers from which were
