1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
what value the Senate is not now informed,
but of great value: because I say that this occu-
pancy, so far as it shall extend, amounts to a
gift. In the face of this report, in the face of
the statement that an approach to deep water
can be conveniently had by this company, and
that there is no absolute necessity for this appro-
priation of the island in order that this com-
pany may enjoy its franchises already granted,
we propose to pass this bill.
Mr. President, I think the Senate should
hesitate before doing it. The most important
harbor next to New York that we have, the
most important island perhaps that we possess,
the most important piece of ground owned by
the Government, perhaps, is to be turned over
to a corporation that has had given to it in
bonds and in lands a greater gift, of larger value
than perhaps has ever been given by any Govern-
ment in the world—a corporation whose stock
has now, as I understand, run up to a very
large premium ; and this is to be given in the
face of the report of the War Department that
it ought not to be done in view of the proper
defense of a great harbor.
Mr. HO W ARD. I regret that the honorable
Senator from Indiana should take such a view
as he does of the effect and operation of this
bill. He speaks of it as a measure giving to a
rich corporation this almost invaluable island,
holding out to the world the idea that the com-
pany are by virtue of this bill to have the whole
of the island. Certainly, if the Senator has
read the bill, as I have no doubt he has, he can
havedrawn no such inference from its language.
The direct contrary is true. They do not hold
the title to the extent of a pepper-corn of this
island.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said so far as this
island would become occupied under this bill,
it was equivalent to a grant.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I am glad to
hear that modification of the Senator's re-
marks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is no modification.
It is just what I said before.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly understood it
in a different sense at the time the Senator was
addressing the Senate. The bill is, according
to its terms and on its very face, a mere license
to hse such portion of this island as the proper
military authorities may esteem unnecessary
for military purposes in time of peace. Sir,
is that giving away this important island ? Is
it making a large donation to a rich company ?
I will not characterize the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, because I think
him incapable of willfully and perversely mis-
stating the contents and meaning of a bill which
is before us for discussion. I therefore hope
we shall come to a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Cor-
bett, Davis, Drake, Fowter, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Johnson. McUreery, McDonald, Morgan,Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer.Tipton,Wade, Williams, andXates—28.
stays—Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds. Hendricks,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Trumbull, Viekers, and
Willey-8.
ABfaENT—M essrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,
Catteil, Cole, Cragin, Dixon, Doulittle, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Norton,
Pomeroy, Bice, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van
Winkle, Welch,and Wilson—22.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to correct a verbal
error in the bill which has just been passed,
so at to make sense of an amendment made
on the motion of the honorable Senator from
Maine. It now reads, " That nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to author-
ize or grant any subsidy for any road built under
this act, or to increase the subsidies in bonds
accruing," &c. The object was to prevent a
subsidy in bonds, and I desire to insert the
words, "in bonds" after "subsidy."
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much land do they
get by this 1
40tu Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 231.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose about five or
ten thou,sand acres.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The amendment may be made by
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the bill will be so amended.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1345) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm certain private
land claims in the Territory of New Mexico,"
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
EXPORTERS OF RUM.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 318) to cor-
rect an act entitled " An act for relief of cer-
tain exporters of rum," was read twice by its
title.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to put that joint
resolution on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read for
information.
Mr. SUMNER. It is merely to correct an
error.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which provides that the word " and," where it
occurs in the act to which it is amendatory
after the word "export" and before the words
"actually contracted," be changed to " or," so
that the corrected act shall read, "intended for
export or actually contracted for."
.Mr. SUMNER. That was the original lan-
guage o i the bill, and it carries out the inten-
tion. I hope there will be no question about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its consider-
ation.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. It is very im-
portant that this correction should take place.
The bill has passed, and here is a mistake,
and there are only sixty days within which
these exportations can be made, and the time
is running out now. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his opposition.
Mr. COLE. I should like to hear the joint
resolution read again.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection
to it. It carries out the original idea of the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
joint resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it must go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said. A little
while ago I objected to the present considera-
tion of a joint resolution to correct an act of a
certain name. I am assured by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Morgan,] who reported
the original bill, that this correction is right.
I do not see it in that light myself; but I defer
to his superior judgment and withdraw the ob-
jection that I made to its present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the joint resolution
will be put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 588) for the relief of the Mount Vernon
Ladies' Association of the Union; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate, being the bill (S. No. 488) to amend an
act entitled " An act for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha," approved February 14, 1865. This
is a private bill that was left unfinished last
evening.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to lay that over,
to postpone it.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not necessary.
That bill is not the unfinished business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
Chair called up the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest that that bill
be passed Over informally, and that we take up
the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It Will be
passed oyer informally if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection.
EVENING SESSION FOR PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator, from
Maine to permit me to make a motion that
the Senate take a recess at five o'clock uniil
half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. ANTHONY. For what purpose? ' "
Mr. CONNESS. To consider private bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There should be a
specification of the purpose, for considering
private bills.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the object. I have
none at present myself, but I know other Sen-
ators have, and they are crowding us at all
times, and we cannot get along with public bills
of great consequence unless we get them out
of the way.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. If it is understood that
nothing but private bills shall be considered,
I do not know that I have any objection.
Mr. CONNESS. That will be the under-
standing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know whether the appropriation bill was the
order of the day and the unfinished business ?
Mr. CONNESS. I understand it to be now
before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it was not,
then I was exercised for two hours on that sub-
ject without any particular reason.
Mr. CONNESS. The motion now is that a
recess be taken for the purpose of considering
private bills this evening.
Mr. HOWE. A large number of private
bills have been reported to-day from the Com-
mittee on Claims which will not be ready for
consideration this evening.
Mr. CONNESS. There are others that may
be considered, and then they will be out of
your way.
Mr. IIOWE. Very well.; all right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking a recess from five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock to Gonsiderprivate
bills.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN subsequently said:
I move to reconsider the vote by which"the
Senate agreed to take a recess from five o' clock
to half past seven this evening. It is entirely
too hot to sit here to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. The thermometer is now
87° in the Hall, and will probably be 90° before
we get through.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
and the question recurring on the motion for
a recess, it was not agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, if the
appropriation bill is not the order of the day,
I suggest 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ap-
propriation bill will be taken up, if there be
no objection, and the other bill postponed.
The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 818) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 80, 1869, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Pattekson,] whichha's
been read and debated.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. T should like to have the
amendment reported.
