1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
An act (S. No. 389) exempting property in
the District of Columbia held and used for
school purposes from local taxation.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 308) for the relief
of the heirs of the late General Duncan L.
Clinch, deceased.
The message also announced the order of
- the Senate concerning the reception of man-
agers appointed by the House to present ar-
ticles of impeachment to the Senate.
IMPEACHMENT OP THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following:
In the Senate of the United States,
March 3,1868.
Ordered, That tho Secretary of the Senate inform
the House of Representatives that the Senate is roady
to receive the managers appointed by the House of
Representatives to carry to th  Senate articles of
impeachment against Andrew Johnson, PresidenI.
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The message will be en-
tered upon the Journal of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order, the Post Office
appropriation bill; and pending that motion I
move that all general debate upon the bill be
closed in thirty minutes after the committee
resumes the consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and
it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and tho House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being
the bill (PL R. No. 832) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
i809.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. BLAINE. In order to anticipate a
great many questions which might arise on
this bill I will submit to the committee a brief
statement, which will explain the bill about
as well as I can explain it.
The appropriation bill now under consider-
ation calls for $19,015,000 for the ordinary ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
ensuing fiscal year, and for $745,000forforeign
mail transportation, underspecial contractwith
certain steamship companies. The latter item
is by special appropriation, and is not to be
confused with the proper and ordinary expend-
itures of tho Department.
The ordinary receipts of the Department for
the same period are estimated in gross at
$10,700,000, leaving a deficiency of $2,815,000
to be provided for from the general Treasury.
Of this amount $2,000,000 are already to the
credit of the Post Office Department in un-
drawn balances of prior appropriations, so that
we are called upon in this bill to appropriate
in round numbers $800,000, to supply the
estimated deficit. The receipts may possibly
outrun the estimates of the Department, in
which event the deficit will, of course, be cor-
respondingly reduced. It is quite possible, on
the other hand, that the expenses may increase
somewhat, but it is believed with some confi-
dence that the entire deficit for the ordinary
expenses of the Department will not exceed
$3,000,000.
It has only been at rare intervals that the
ordinary receipts of the Post Office Department
have been sufficient to meet its expenditures.
The most conspicuous of these periods was the
last three years of the recent war, in eacli of
which a positive surplus was realized, amount-
ing in the closing year to more than a million
and a half dollars. For the eight years pre-
ecding those I have just named the deficiencies
were very largp, amounting each year as fol-
lows:
1855  82,626,206 16
1856   2,787,046 50
185 7  3,453,718 40
185S 4,543.843 70
1859   6,996,009 26
1860   5,656,705 49
186 1  4,557,462 71
186 2 2,112,814 57
The southern States having revolted in 1801,
and the mail service therein being discontinued
and the long and expensive routes in the south-
western Territories being broken up, the De-
partment was relieved of a great outlay. The
very first year of the war the expenses of
mail transportation were largely decreased, and
for the remaining three years (the years heing
counted as terminating June 30) a positive sur-
plus was realized, as follows:
186 3   $549,582 75
1861  493,407 58
1865  1,561,430 42
During the last-named year the Department
began to restore the service to the southern
States, and tho expense was thereby at once
enormously increased over the corresponding
receipts. Very lengthy and expensive routes
were also added, and are continually being
added, in the new States and Territories west
of the Mississippi river, and from the opera-
tion of these two causes the Department has
been compelled to undertake burdens without
realizing the means from the postal service to
sustain them. The consequence was that for
the year 1866 the deficit was $905,093 09, and
during 1867 the deficit was $1,906,789 92. We
cannot, as yet, accurately determine the deficit
for 1808, but it is presumed that it will be
above two and a half million dollars.
Were the southern States and the new States
and Territories west of the Mississippi excluded
from the account the postal service would an-
nually result in paying a net revenue to the
Government. In some of the States the re-
ceipts very largely exceed the expenditure.
This is the ease in all the New England States
except Vermont, which shows a small deficit;
but as an aggregate the ISew England receipts
exceed the expenditure by more than seven
hundred thousand dollars; in New York by
nearly two million dollars ; in Pennsylvania by
nearly half a million dollars. Among the west-
ern States Illinois shows the best account, ex-
hibiting an excess of receipts amounting to
more than three hundred thousand dollars.
But I need not pursue these details further
unless in the progress of the bill some gentle-
man should desire more specific information
on any of its items.
It is quite evident to the most casual ob-
server that if we should limit our postal ser-
vice at any given point the receipts would very
surely and very rapidly overtake and outrun
tho expenditures. But an economy of that
kind is precisely what we cannot afford, and it
is the highest of public expediency to devote
the surplus postal receipts in the densely set-
tled sections of our country to furnishing mail
facilities to the frontier population of our dis-
tant Territories and the sparse population of
our southern States. The Post Office Depart-
ment probably affords the best index to the
progress of our country in its material, social,
and intellectual development. While it should
be administered with liberality to all sections,
justice requires now that it should be placed
and maintained on a self-supporting basis;
and while Congress ought not to look to it as
a source of revenue it should, if possible, be
placed where no appropriation will ever be
demanded from the general Treasuiy.
The bill was read by clauses for amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For advertising, $50,000: Provided, That no part
of this tmm shall he paid to any papers published in
the District of Columbia except for advertising mail
routes in Virginia and Maryland.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by adding the words
"nor to more than one paper, such paper to
be a morning paper." This amendment will
make this bill conform to a bill or joint reso-
lution which this House has already passed,
and which has been sent to the Senate.
Mr. BLAINE. If we have passed a bill on
that subject why should we repeat here the
provisions of that bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because the pro-
vision as reported in this bill does notconfoun
to the action we have already taken. If we
undertake to legislate in this bill on the sub-
ject of advertising I desire that our action
shall be proper and consistent. There is no
necessity for publishing the mail-lettings :<i
more than one paper in the District of Co-
lumbia. The provision of the bill before us is
that the mail-lettings shall not be published
in the papers in the District of Columbia except
for the States of Maryland and Virginia. It
will be borne in mind that the Government
publishes these lettings in Maryland and Vir-
ginia, also, just as it does for Illinois and every
other State. The publication in the District
of Columbia is in addition to publishing in the
papers of the States. Why should the Gov-
ernment pay for publishing these mail-lettings
in two papers of the District of Columbia?
The only reason for publishing in this District
the mail-lettings in Maryland and Virginia is,
that many of the routes in those States run
into this District. But to publish them in two
papers here is an unnecessary and wasteful
expenditure of money ; for the publication is
made in the papers of those States in the same
way as in the other States of the Union.
Mr. BLAINE. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
the papers of the city of Washington circulate
very extensively in Maryland and Virginia,
more generally, perhaps, than any of the papers
published in those States. I consider it better
to leave this matter as it stands. I oppose the
amendment and ask a vote.
The question was taken ; and the amend-
ment was declared not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for a division.
Mr. BLAINE. I am willing the amendment
should for the present be considered adopted :
but I shall ask a separate vote on it in the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the amendment will be'eonsidered as adopted.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
, For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
$450,000.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out in the paragraph just read the word "four1'
and inserting ''one;" so as to make the ap-
propriation $150,000.
I offer the amendment forthe purpose of get-
ting someinformationupon this point. I under-
stand the practical operation of this matter to
be this : the Government takes $100,000, if you
please, and purchases ยง100,000 worth of stamps.
It turns round and sells those stamps, and it
then has just as much money as it had when it
first took the $100,000 out of the Treasury; and
if it be necessary to purchase more stamps to
sell again that $100,000 is amply sufficient for
the purpose. It will be borne in mind that no
money is lost or made in this operation if the
business be fairly and honestly transacted. It
is the purchase of an article to sell again at
the same price at which it was purchased, the
same amount of money coming back again to
the point from which it started.
Now, why we should appropriate $450,000
for this purpose, thus swelling the amount of
our appropriations, I am at a loss to under-
stand. My own judgment is that $50,000
would be ample for this purpose ; I see no rea-
son why we should not cut down the appro-
priation just $400,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] that, what-
ever sum be appropriated, when the money
has once been expended it cannot be ex-
pended again. It would be perfectly impossi-
ble for the Department, after expending the
money, to spend it again. Now, the appro-
priation for this purpose last year was $275,000.
Why this large increase ? I will state two rea-
