134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. ox? Reps.
Report on Southern Railroads.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Of this road the testimony is, on page 329
of Report No. 84, Unit "the cost of materials
used and labor performed for its construction
and maintenance of way," exclusive of the
labor of troops, "was $1,079,511 33;" and we
have already seen that rolling stock, &c., were
sold to it more than two years since to the
value of $1,500,551 73 ; and still its rebel sym-
pathizing president testifies on page 290, lie-
port No. 34—
" Upon a just and fair settlement the United States
Government would be largely in its debt."
And on page 300—
*' I made this claim to get payment for the use of the
road during its occupation by the military." "The
United States owes us a good deal, and we should
insist on a settlement. There is no use in making:
payments when there is money due to you."
NASHVILLE AND NORTHWESTERN EOAD.
It would generally be presumed that even
rebel shamelessness could notcxceed in impu-
dence this last demand ; but the committee
would present another case for the considera-
tion of the House and of the country, that of
the Nashville and Northwestern road.
From tabular statement heretofore embodied
in this report, taken from page 323 of Report
No. 34, of railroads seized and operated by the
Government, it appears that this road was
taken possession of February 4, 1804, and that
the terminal points of the road operated were
Nashville on the east, and Johnsouville, on the
Tennessee river, on the west, and the distance
seventy-eight miles.
William P. Innis, superintendent of this
road, on page 05 of Report No. 3, testifies:
" The greater part of that road was constructed by
mo." "In the spring of 1862 I was ordered by Gen-
eral Rosocrans to make a reeonnoissance and to
estimate to him what it would cost, which I did."
"Tho road at that time was built from this end
(meaning Nashville) and tho track laid fora distance
of twenty-seven miles. From the other end, called
Johnsouville, it was laid about five miles in this
direction. The balance of the road was pretty nearly
graded, and tiie ties had been procured i'or it. Some,
however, had been destroyed by guerrillas. Somo of
the bridges had been destroyed and some were not
built, but tho timber was ready." " 1 tookfourconi-
panics of my own regiment and two regiments of
colored troops, with such civilians as I could have."
" I remained in charge until General Sherman's ad-
vance on Atlanta." "At the tune I lett the road tho
bridges were nearly all built, the grading nearly all
done, and the iion laid to about section thirty-four
from this end. 1 was oidered by Gcneial Uoseerans
to purchase the iion for tlie balanccof the road, about
three thousand tons; and the iron was ail here at
Nashville at the time 1 was relieved." "At the time
I left I estimated it would take fiom one hundred
thousand dollars to one hundred and fifty thousand
dollais t,o put it in order." " I do not include the
labor of the troops; merely the hired labor of civil-
ians."
Of course the iron purchased was not in-
cluded, as it alone had already cost double one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
But, without goiug more into details, tho
tabular statement on page S29 of Report No.
34, made by Colonel Alexander Bliss, in charge
of fourth division of quartermaster's depart-
ment, shows that the cost of materials and
labor performed for construction, &c., of this
road, for about forty-six miles, by the Govern-
ment was $1,471,397 96.
And yet the president of this road, Michael
Burns, who is also, as has been seen, president
of the Nashville and Chattanooga road, claims,
as seen from his testimony on page 283 of
Report No. 34, " $848,100 90 over and above
the work done completing the road." And
on page 284 it, appears that of this amount
" $44'.),074 90 are for the use of the road and
the remainder for materials taken and engines
and cars used."
Let it be borne in mind that the same one
who acknowledged himself a southern sympa-
thizer is president of this road as well as of
the Nashville and Chattanooga.
And as to the loyalty of the stockholders of
this road, the superintendent of the road, on
page 06 of Report No. 3, testifies:
" There are very few of what you call loyal men in
this country, but some of them are fair men." " I
do not think any of them were what you would term
ioyal men."
He likewise testifies, page 00, in Report
No. 3:
"The stock of the Nashville and Northwestern
road is owned principally in this city [Nashville]
and on the line of tho road."
And as still further indicating the rebel sym-
pathies of the directors and stockholders of
this road, its president, on page 277 of Report
No. 34, in reply to the question, "Had any
work been done on the road during the rebel
occupation ?'' says:
"Before the fall of Fort Donelson there was somo
work being dune by the company, but it ceased after
tho fall of that place."
The committee have already directed atten-
tion to the testimony that, this railroad presi-
dent came to Washington and employed agents
to press the claim of this road against the Gov-
ernment and to procure extensions of payments
due on tho bond.
The indifference with which he treated the
pressing demands for payments by Assistant
Quartermaster Ilamill may be better under-
stood when the testimony shows that there is
actually an increase of the indebtedness of this
road under the operation of the order of sus-
pension of proceedings against it. On page
90 of Report No. 3, in tabular statement of
indebtedness of railroads on November 1,1807,
which statement is heretofore copied into this
report, it will be seen that the value of prop-
erty for which bond was given by this road
was §525,400 20 in the fail of 1805, and that on
November 1. 1807. it was §575,1)20 50, and that
of $31,331 20 of payments in all but $1,470 82
were in cash, the remainder being by trans-
portation accounts and mail service.
Where this railroad president finds encour-
agement to continue to disgracefully suffer the
bond of this road to the Government to be
dishonored others can conjecture as well as
this committee. But it is not in consequence
of inability to pay, for at a late day—30th
November, 1807—this Michael Burns testified
before the committee, and to the question " In
regard to the Nashville and Northwestern rail-
road, what has been lately done in reference
to its construction V he replied:
"Since the cessation of hostilities the work from
Johnsouville to the Mississippi river has been built;
the distance is about ninety-three miles. There was
a portion of this road built before tho war and I
completed tho rest. The company gave &i50,000 in
Tennessee bonds, Si00,u0(i in cash, and £'iSO,OUO in
seeondmortgage bonds oftheeompany. In .March last
we had alreshetand the contractors refused to work,
and the company gave them $.50,000 in addition to
finish the work. This does not include the iron or
spikes or chains; the company paid for them. The
$130,000 in money were derived Iroin the sale of Ten-
nessee bonds partly, partly from the earnings of the
road, and from some little collections made from old
subscriptions. The earnings were light, and we used
them in the construction ot the road and m paying
some old debts."
There is enough in this testimony to show
that §130,000 cash have been lately expended
in the construction of the road west of John-
sonville to the Mississippi river, and still an
unnamed sum in paying some old debts, instead
of these amounts having been in good faith
applied to payment of debt due the Govern-
ment; but more, it shows, also, that for this
new portion of road iron, &c., have been paid
for; and so far as the committee are informed
for about eighty-six miles—say about six hun-
dred thousand dollars. And this railroad pres-
ident suffers the interest on the road's bond to
the Government to accumulate ; this president
who testifies on page 291 of Report No. 84:
" As long as I represent the interests of others, if
the Government should attempt to seize the road 1
will biing the matter into the courts, and I will go
to the utmost end to oppose them."
As this president of two important roads,
owing large debts to the Government, almost
defies the authorities to attempt to enforce the
bonds of these roads, and at the same time pays,
from the earnings of the very rolling slock for
which the bonds are given, debts contracted by
the roads while in rebellion and interest on j
bonds indorsed by the State of Tennessee ji
before (lie rebellion, the committee consider !!
it their duty to present other facts, as shown
by testimony, which may*)r may not explain
his defiant and remarkable conduct. On pages
034, 635, 643 and G44 of the testimony in the
impeachment investigation it appears that An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States,
holds S30,000 of bonds, §10,000 of which
are of the Nashville and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, indorsed by the State of Ten-
nessee ; $1,000 of the Tennessee and Virginia
road, indorsed by the State of Tennessee, and
§10,000 State bonds of Tennessee; and that
on the $19,000 interest from in 1801 was paid
in 1800 (say for five years some So,000) and new
bonds issued for the interest on the remain-
ing bonds. These facts, taken in connection
with the sixth paragraph of Executive Order
of Slli August, 18G5, "all railroads in Tennes-
see will* be required to pay all arrearages of
interest due on the bonds issued by that State,
prior to the date of its pretended secession
from tho Union, to aid in the construction of
said roads, before any dividends are declared
or paid to the stockholders thereof," are, to
say the least, significant.
LEGISLATION NFF.nED.
But it cannot be expected that the commit-
tee will take up and discuss the case of each
railroad separately. That would require vol-
umes. Enough has been presented to satisfy
the House that most unjust claims are being
entertained against the Government, and so far
urged i o at least retard or prevent the collee-
tioti of debts due the Government, and that
(here should be at once some decided legisla-
tion on this subject, and that, even if Congress
decide to pay for property captured from rebels
and destroyed or for the use of such property
restored, it should be made the duty of some
committee or court, established or to be estab-
lished, to investigate each case.
ROADS WITII INCREASED INDEBTEDNESS.
It will be perceived, from tabular statement
above extracted from pages 89 and 90 of Report
No. 3 that the following roads, in addition to
those above commented upon, have suffered
their indebtedness to increase by an accumula-
tion of interest, to wit: Wills Valley ; Edge-
field and Kentucky ; Memphis, Clarksville, and
Louisville; Alabama, and Tennessee river; Mis-
sissippi, Gainsville, and Tuscaloosa ; Alexan-
dria, Loudoun, and Hampshire; MeMiimville,
atld Manchester ; and that the indebtedness of
thofollowiug is very slightly diminished, to wit:
New Orleans and Ohio, Memphis and Little
Rock, Knoxville and Kentucky.
ROADS PEOIIIT, ETC.
It is but just to all railroads to say that those
not named above as having increased or but
slightly diminished debts are presumed to have
acted in good faith and entirely paid, or to be
giving evidence of laudable efforts to pay, their
indebtedness.
CLAIMS ENTERTAINED 1ST OTHER ROADS.
Still, some of the companies that have paid
and are paying their bonds are preserving evi-
dence of damage to and use of their roads : and
it is in the testimony that their claims will be
presented and urged if Congress should adopt
the policy to pay for such damage or use.
DELINQUENCY OF TENNESSEE ROADS.
And in the spirit that chastisement is most
readily inflicted when deserved upon those
most loved, the committee would most kindly
remark that the roads ot lennessee deserve a
severe rebuke; for they have not only not been
prompt but lamentably delinquent, and not
only delinquent but also persistent in demands
which, if allowed, would lead to the payment
of untold millions of money as rewards to
treason.
A glance at the statement extracted above,
from pages .SO and 90 of Report No. 3. will
show that but five of these roads—Nashville
and Chattanooga, East Tennessee and Vir-
ginia. East, Tennessee and Georgia. Edgefield
and Kentucky, Nashville and Northwestern—
