3682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
amendment paying for lands in Maine and
Massachusetts. It was discussed at length yes-
terday.
The Secretary proceeded to call theroll, and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to know if that
is the amendment relating to the claim of
Maine and Massachusetts?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is the
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I had the floor assigned
to me upon that question when the bill went
over yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
the Senator from Pennsylvania had the floor
when the Senate took a recess yesterday. If
there be no objection, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert, as an additional section, the fol-
lowing:
And be it further maated, That for the purpose of
executing tlx© fourth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, concluded on the 9th day of August, 1842, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to pay to the State of Maine, for ninety-one
thousand, one hundred and twenty-five acres of land
assigned by said State to settlers under said article, a
sum equal to SI 2o per acre; and to the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, for twenty-six thousand one
hundred and fifty acres of land, a sum equal to SI 25
per acre: Provided, Before said sums are paid the
States of Maine and Massachusetts shall agree with
the United States that the settlers upon their public
lands in the late disputed territory in Maine entitled
to be quieted in their possessions, as ascertained by
commission heretofore instituted bysaid States, shall
have been or shall be quieted by a release of the
title of the said States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this is
a claim which has been before the Senate on
several occasions, commencing, I think, in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. I will very briefly
call the attention of the Senate to the history
of this claim, or the leading points in it, and
then I propose to submit an amendment.
On the 3d of March, 1857, Mr. Iverson,
from the Committee on Claims,' moved an
amendment to an appropriation bill relating
to this demand. That was ruled to be not in
order, and was not entertained.
On the 14th of July, 1860, a similar amend-
ment was moved by Mr. Simmons, from the
Committee on Claims, to the bill making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 80,1861. It was decided
by the Senate not to be in order—yeas 22,
nays 20.
On the 25th of February, 1861, Mr. Sim-
mons again moved the amendment to the bill
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1862. It was again decided by the Senate
not to be in order—yeas 10, nays 23.
On the 3d of March, 1863, a similar amend-
ment was moved by Mr. Doolittm;, from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to the bill
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1864. It was determined in the negative—
yeas 14, nays 24.
This is the history of this claim in the Sen-
ate, with the exception of two bills, to which
I will now refer. On the 4th of March, 1864,
Mr. Doolitti.b, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 156)
to carry into effect the fourth article of the
treaty of Washington concluded between the
United States and Great Britain on the 9th of
August, 1842. There was no action on that
bill.
On the 11th of January, 1866, Mr. Morrill
introduced a bill (S. No. 68) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of Washington
concluded between Great Britain and the Uni-
ted States on the 9th of August, 1842; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported on the 13th of March, J866,
and passed the Senate on the 21st of March,
the same month. - 1
The present amendment i§ substantially sim-
ilar to the former amendments to which I have
referred and the bills to which I have also
made reference. It provides for the payment
to the States of Maine and Massachusetts of
the claims of settlers to lands on the disputed
territory. I believe the amount of money to
be paid, at the rate of $1 25 per acre, the Gov-
ernment price of public land, will amount to
something like one hundred and forty or one
hundred and sixty thousand dollars. The
amount of land is a little over ninety thousand
acres. By elaborate reports which have here-
tofore been made to the two Houses of Con-
gress it appears that there are several claims
held by the State of Maine, or preferred by
her upon the attention of Congress, all con-
nected with this treaty of Washington, and all
of them, with a single exception, falling under
the terms of the fourth article, or alleged to
fall under the terms of that article. These
claims have all been contested. They are now
quite old, and in my judgment they deserve
more of investigation than they can possibly
receive when presented in the manner in which
this claim is presented, as an amendment to a
general appropriation bill.
But, sir, for the purpose of quieting all
further controversy on the subject of these
claims of the State of Maine, I would be will-
ing to waive objection to the present appro-
priation if I could be perfectly secure against
any further demand by that State, or by the
State of Massachusetts, which formerly had
jurisdiction over this country, and in behalf
of whom there is some allegation of claim
made. I propose, therefore, as an additional
proviso to the amendment that which I send to
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
A-a<l provided further. That the appropriation
hereby made shall bo held to conclude and extinguish
all asserted claims of said States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts, and of all settlers, owners, and claimants
again&t the United States under the fourth article of
said treaty of Washington, or in relation to depre-
dations upon the lands or territory mentioned in
said article, or to interest upon expenditures incurred
by the State ol Maine in defending the same prior to
the negotiation of said treaty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will state as briefly
as I can the nature of the claims which are
thus preferred as they are set forth in House
report No. 119, Thirty-Eighth Congress, first
session, a report made by Mr. John II. Rice,
from the State of Maine, a very elaborate and
interesting report, exposing in full all the
demands made on behalf of his State. In the
first place, there are demands made for depre-
dations committed in this disputed territory
between 1832 and 1839, at a time when the State
of Maine did not assert her jurisdiction over
the territory, as it is alleged, upon the request
of the Governmentof the United States. British
subjects came into the territory during those
seven years and cut off a considerable quantity
of timber from the lands. It is alleged that
the loss was incurred by the owners of the
lands because the State of Maine did not protect
them, and that her default in protecting them
was in consequence of a request made to the
State authorities by the President of the Uni-
ted States. The amount of the damages so
claimed on behalf of individuals is very large ;
it has never been ascertained ; and the claim
is now so old in date thatno intelligent invest-
igation of the subject can ever be had. But
it is a claim gravely proposed in a congressional
report, and as it relates to the same subject-
matter as this amendment I propose to con-
clude it and to avoid all discussion hereafter
by naming it in the amendment which I have
proposed.
Again, sir, the State of Maine, under another
article of the treaty besides the fourth, was
allowed her expenses incurred in attempting
to defend her title to this disputed territory.
Her account for outlays was, under an act of
Congress, audited and settled at the Treasury
Department, and she was paid the whole amount
which she had expended. She was also under
a special act of Congress paid all interest which
she had paid upon loans to raise money to
meet those expenses; but she claims, or has
claimed, that in the calculation of interest at
the Treasury Department on her expenditure
she was not allowed as much as she ought to
have been. The accounting officers of the
Treasury settled her accounts according to the
usual rule, according to the legal rule upon
which accounts were adjusted m that Depart-
ment in the absence ot particular directions
from Congress. The State was paid the prin-
cipal of all her expenditures, and was paid the
amount of interest upon the loans which she
had made in order to meet those expenditures,
but 'she was, not allowed interest upon the
interest which she had paid, or upon the prin-
cipal which she had paid, and she insists that
the calculation shall be made according to the
principle which obtains in the settlement ot
accounts between individuals ; that is-, that a
payment to her shall be first applied to the
interest, and afterward, if there be any balance,
it shall be applied to the principal. Instead
of that she was simply paid the amount of her
expenditures as apnncipal sum and the amount
of interest which she had paid on her loans
as a principal sum also; and the accounting
officers of the Treasury did not allow her an
additional amount which she would have
received of the principle which obtains pretty
generally, I believe, now in the settlement ot
private accounts had been adopted. That is
also a claim of hers under the treaty of Wash-
ington.
1 am disposed, therefore, in voting this very
considerable amount of money in this somewhat
irregular maimer, overruling former decisions
of the Senate upon the question of order, and
taking this claim as valid without particular
investigation or debate, to make sure at least
that we are completely done with claims under
the fourth article of the treaty of Washington
and under any part of that treaty, so far as
the State of Maine and the settlers upon her
lands in this disputed territory are conceruei.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the Senator con-
fine his amendment to claims under the fouith
article of the treaty. The amendment goes
much further than the fourth article.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The amendment applies
not only to matters that arise under the fourth
article, but the claims of the State of Maine,
which is founded upon a distinct article ot the
treaty. The Senator, i understand, desires
me to exclude the latter clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if he
would be willing, as this claim is made under
the fourth article of the treaty, to confine his
amendment to all claims arising under tlie
fourth article of the treaty?
Mr. BUCKALEW. It the Senator moves
an amendment of that kind the Senate may
decide the point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The idea upon which
the honorable Senator founds his amendment
is one, 1 think, that it is hardly just to apply
ttrany bill: and if he will just bring his mud
to consider it for a moment, 1 think he cannot
avoid coming to that conclusion; and that is.
that if the State has a claim here to be con-
sidered upon its own merits the Senate are
willing to allow that claim, provided the State
will give up all other claims which it may have
against the Government, upon other grounds.
I ask the Senator whether that is consistent
with his idea of justice and right. I ask any
Senator whether it is consistent with the idea
of justice and right. We make here a specific
claim arising under the fourth article of the
treaty; the Senator's amendment is substan-
tially, "We will pay that claim provided you
will receive it in full of all claims arising, not
only under that fourth article, but under any
other article of the treaty." Is that just as a
principle?
The Senator says that considering how it
comes up, that it is a matter here upon an
j appropriation bill, it is a sort of bargain. Sir,
it is on an appropriation bill; but is there any
want of time to consider it? When it has been
brought forward heretofore it has been at a late
period of the session, sometimes on the last
