25a
me congressional globe.
December 18|
tion their cotton to-day, but we are asked to
settle a principle by which it shall be exempted
in all time to come. That is the point. The
honorable gentleman undertook to tell the Sen-
ate and the country that this interest was par-
ticularly oppressed at the present time. I deny
it. If he would read the history of distress in
the northern States, such as has been adverted
to by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe,] he would find objects of distress
enough close at home, if it were proper that the
Committee on Finance, when considering ques-
tions of the national burdens, should take into
consideration incidents of that sort.
The argument seems to go upon the assump-
tion that the cotton interest is particularly de-
pressed and needs relief, and that it is unjust
if we do not relieve it. If it operated alone
upon that interest I should say "Yes;" if
that was the only interest of the country that
was oppressed 1 should say the argument had
force in it, and it ought to be letup; but I
am not arguing now, and have not been from
the beginning, about a temporary suspension
of this tax; I am arguing against the idea that
it is unjust to include cotton in our policy of
taxation at all, either now or hereafter. That
is the proposition I was discussing, and inci-
dentally I was adverting to the argument of
the Senator from Illinois, and I will continue
that for one moment, and then I shall be done.
I deny that this tax on cotton is oppressive
in the sense of interfering with the production
of the staple or its price beyond what is true
of almost every leading interestin the country.
Take the condition of manufactures. How are
they? Dull. Nobody is manufacturing, I be-
lieve, now anywhere to advantage. The manu-
facturing communities are inactive. As an
iudustry, manufacturing is not thriving;, it is
exceedingly depressed. The manufactories are
running on short time. A large portjon of their
employes are out of employment. The same
may be said of other leading interests. Take
the navigating interests of the North, the navi-
gating interests anywhere. Why, sir, it may be
said with almost literal truth that there is not
this year a single keel being laid on the Atlajjtic
coast from New York to the St. Croix. What
has done that? Our war, our, policy, or rather
our necessity has done it; and to-day, under the
operation of this policy of which the honorable
Senator from Illinois seems to complain, the
navigating interests of this country are becom-
ing utterly extinct; the ship-yards of the North,
of the East, and of the Atlantic coast every-
where are being annihilated. I ask the Senate
to consider whether there has been an argu-
ment stated in regard to the oppressive bearing
of this tax on the production of the article of
cotton which may not with equal truth be said
in regard to the great navigating and commer-
cial interests of this country. 1 maintain that
it is so.
Now, Mr. President, I am disposed to take
this view of the subject: first, that the cotton
of this country in its present relations to the
country ought to bear its fair proportion of the
burdens of the war; it ought to bear its fair
proportion with the other great interests of the
country in the discharge of our debt. But, sir,
as the times are unfavorable to its production
at present, as the producers of cotton have not
yet had time to realize and have not yet had
time to prepare for that change of affairs which
is inevitable in the South, that division of labor
and division of products which must come,
I am disposed to vote with the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] in the first place, for
the reduction of the tax to one cent a pound,
if you please; and I am prepared to vote with
my colleague, who made the suggestion, and
I think the motion, to suspend the tax for one
year; but I wish to do it with the understand-
ing and with the distinct avowal that cotton is
not to be stricken off from the list of taxable
property in this country. Sir, we shall do them
harm if we allow the idea to go from the Sen-
ate of the United States that this article in the
future is to be exempt from taxation, for I am
sure the people of this country, who have bled
and sacrificed as the people of the . free States
have, will never agree that a great staple—
staple to which six or seven States.are exclu-
sively devoted—shall be exempted from the
burdens which are common to the American
people.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, look-
ing at the legislation on this subject and the
history of what we have already done, I find
that under the internal revenue act of July 1,
1802, we imposed a tax of half a cent a pound
on cotton. Under the act of March 7, 1804,
we imposed a tax of two cents per pound.
Cotton ranged at a price beyond a dollar a
pound at the time we imposed that tax of two
cents per pound—not one fiftieth part of the
value of the article. Under the act of June
30, 18C4, we imposed a tax again of two cents,
retaining the tax of March 7, 1864. The act
of July 18, I860, imposed a tax of three cents
per pound ; and in 1867 we reduced that tax,
after a debate in the Senate, to two and a half
cents per pound. I do not remember the price
of cotton in July,, 1866 ; but it wa8 not quite
so high then as it was in 1864; and the tax
was not then a very large proportion of the
value of the article. Cotton was worth per-
haps between twenty and thirty cents per pound
when this tax of two and a half cents per pound
was put upon it.
Now, cotton has declined, as the Senator
from Ohio has shown us ia a letter from Mis-
sissippi, to nine cents per pound in currency
in the southern States.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the interior market.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the interior mar-
ket. Of course, then, the planter has to pay
the tax. At home, where the planter pays
the tax, the article is worth from nine to ten
cents per pound in currency, and he pays two
and a half cents of that amount as a tax.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One fourth of the entire
value.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes; he pays more
than one fourth of the entire value; and when
a proposition is made to repeal the tax we are
answered, as we have always been answered
on this subject, that cotton ought to bear a
proportion of the burdens of taxation in the
country. Sir, I do not believe that an article
of this character can be taxed at all consti-
tutionally. Gentlemen have differed from me
in their views of the subject; and atax, against
my consent at all times, has been laid upon
the article ; and I now believe, as sincerely as
I believe anything, that it has been bad policy
from the beginning, and that the country has
lost money by the imposition of this tax. It
has not only lost money but it has lost mate-
rially in the change of public sentiment that
might have been wrought in the southern States.
That is my notion. As an economical question
as well as a political question, it deserved our
consideration immediately upon the close of
the. war.
Now, Mr. President, the fact cannot be
ignored by any Senator here that we do not
tax any other agricultural product, and there
is not a Senator in the hearing of my voice to-
day who will propose to levy a tax upon an
agricultural production in its raw state except
cotton. Is there one? Will you do it upon
wheat? Will you do it upon oats? Will you
place it upon rye? Will you place it upon wool,
if you please, although that is not an agricul-
tural production, and a tax might with much
more justice, in all probability, be imposed?
Do you dare propose it?
Mr. DIXON. There is a tax on tobacco.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; you cannot
lay it on tobacco in the leaf. You may lay it
on the manufactured article; but I apprehend
no Senator will propose to tax any agricultural
production. The Senator fVom Maine [Mr.
Iessexden] has asked why can you not impose
a tax upon an agricultural production as well
as upon anything else? Well, sir, the policy
of all nations lias beGn to refuse to tax agricu.1-
tural products. I might refer to the opinions
of writers on this subject. I did at one time
refer to them extensively, and I shall not trouble
the Senate with many quotations now. I will
refer to what Mr. McCulloch, in his notes to the
work of Adain Smith, says in regard to this
point. In speaking of taxes on agriculture
he says:
" By preventing tho cultivator from reaping the
entire advantago of superior skill and increased ex-
ertion they discourage his efforts and contribute to
render him indolent and indifferent."
Dr. Paley, ia his work on Moral and Polit-
ical Philosophy, says:
" Tithes"-
Even when but a tenth of the agricultural
productions; we here take one fourth instead
of a tenth—
" Tithes aro a tax not only upon industry but upon
that industry which feeds mankind; upon that spe-
cies of exertion which it is the aim of all wise laws
to elierish and prouioto."
Adam Smith in liis work says:
" Taxes upon tho produco of a land are in reality
taxes upon the rent."
Again he says:
"The tithe and every othor land tax of this kind
under the appearance of perfect equality, are very
unequal taxes; a certain portion of the produce
being in different situations equivalent to a very
different portion of thorent." * * * *
" 'i'he tithe, as it is frequently a very unequal tax
upon the rent, so it is always a great discouragement
both to the improvements of the landlord and to tho
cultivation of the farmer. The one cannot venture
to make the most important, which are generally the
most expensive improvements, nor the other to raise
the most valuable, which aro generally, too, the most
expensive crops.''
Mr. President, I undertake to say—and no
Senator can point to anything to the contrary
—that it is the policy of all civilizcd nations
to exempt the produce of the soil from taxa-
tion. But the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] yesterday afternoon used language of
this character in rather a complaining mood of
the action of the Finance Committee:
"What have your Committee on Finance done?
Instead of having a well-considered revenue system
applicable to all the sections and all the great inter-
ests of tho country, distributing equally the burdens
and distributing equally relief alike, they eomo here
with a single ineasuro unconnected with anything
else and ask us to take that by itself and leave all
other interests to the uncertainties of tho future."
Again he says:
"Sir, it is right that this measure should be post-
poned. It is right that tho Senate, intended by the
Constitution to be the conservative force in tho Gov-
ernment, should resist this temporary fliirry which
is now sweeping over the land—I care not how cre-
ated or how fomented—but should resist it; and
calmly, deliberately cxaminihgthis great subject of
internal taxation in all its bearings, giro to us a sys-
tem which, in the language of the Senator from Illi-
nois, will be just to alt of us alike."
I should like to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to onefact. I refer him
to the act of 1860 and to all prior acts on this
subject of taxing cotton. On page 104 of the
session acts of 1865-66 he will see the l&ngoage
under which this tax is levied. It imposes a
tax of three cents per pound on raw cotton,
provides how the weight of such cotton shall
be ascertained, and then proceeds:
" And no drawback shall in any ease be allowed
on raw or unmanufactured cotton of any tax paid
thereon when exported in the raw or unmanufac-
tured condition."
Now, if he will turn to the sixth section of
that act he will see a provision of this sort:
" That upon articles manufactured exclusively from
cotton, when exported, there shall be allowed as a
drawback an amount equal to the internal tax which
shall have been assessed and paid upon such articles
in their finished condition, and in addition thereto a
drawback or allowance ef as many cents per pound
upon the pound of cotton cloth, yarn, thread, or
knit fabrics, manufactured exclusively from cotton
and exported, as shall have been assessed and paid
in the form of an internal tax upon the raw cotton
entering into the manufacture of said cloth or other
article, the amount of such allowance or drawback
to be ascertained in tsuch manner as may be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury;
and so much of section one hundred and seventy-
one of the act of June 30,1864,' To provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,'as now
provides for a drawback on manufactured cotton is
hereby repealed."
The argument of those honorable gentlemen
who insist upon retaining this tax is that cot-
ton, the production of the United States, can
bear the tax in the markets of the world, that
