1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
sons. If the gentleman will refer to the report
of the Postmaster General he will find that
the sale of stamped envelopes—especially those
which have superscribed on them a direction
for llieir return, if not called for within ten
days—is increasing at an enormous rate ; and
the Government must buy these envelopes in
order to sell_ them. Another reason will be
found stated in a letter which I have this morn-
ing received from the Third Assistant Post-
master General, the financial officer of the De-
partment.
The letter is as follows:
Post Office Department,
March 3, 1868.
Sib: In full explanation of the increased estimate
of appropriation tor postage stamps and stamped
envelopes I should have told you yesterday that tho
contract for stamps will have to be renewed this year
and probably at largely increased prices. Tho old
contract price is twelve and a half cents a pound.
The new will hardly be less than twenty cents—prob-
ably more, judging from tho cost of revenue stamps.
I have the honor to be, &c., A. N. ZEVEltLY,
Third Assistant J'obtimibtcr General.
Hon. J. G. Blaine, House of ]lcj>ref;entativc$.
Now, sir, this §450,000 buys the stamps and
stamped envelopes which the Post Office De-
partment sells for over sixteen million dollars,
and they cannot use for that purpose one dol-
lar more than we appropriate in this item.
It is to pay for the paper and envelopes and
stamps for that which returns to the Govern-
mentover sixteen million dollars. If we put in
$50,000, of course that- will only buy one ninth
of $16,000,000. The amount here indicated
is needed.
Mr. PRICE. To be in order I will make
another amendment and say $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not yet see the necessity
of this appropriation, even after the statement
of my friend from Maine. If they sell for more
than has been paid for them, so much the better
for the Government, and so much the less ne-
cessity to make this appropriation. If my
friend from Maine when upon the floor had
told us, what, perhaps, may be known to
every member of this House, but which 1 am
free to confess I do not know how, when this
money is expended, the purchase is sold again.
If he had told us how this money got back into
the Treasury again lie would have cleared up a
subject on which I am now in the dark. He
says if we fail to make this appropriation then
these purchases cannot be made.
Mr. BLAINE. How does the Department
use this money for this purpose? My friend
is laboring under a misapprehension. The
engraver makes the die for the stamp, then it
is printed and prepared for use, &c., and all
these things have to be paid for. These post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes are the sole
revenue of the Post Office Department; and
as I stated in my brief opening remarks, the
Government realizes from tho" sale of postage
stamps and stamped envelopes $16,000,000.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Maine
does not mean to say that the sole revenue of
the Post Office Department is derived from the
sale of these stamps and stamped envelopes?
Mr. BLAINE. What else does it come
from, if not from postage?
Mr. PRICE. There is one item of post office
Mr. BLAINE. Well, what else?
Mr. PRICE. I might, if I had time, par-
ticularize other items. But that is not the
issue here. Why, sir, is it necessary to spend
$450,000 for the purchase of stamps and
stamped envelopes? It is possible the Gov-
ernment may sell them, and it is possible it
may not.
Mr. BLAINE. They do not buy them unless
tliey sell them.
Mr. PRICE. It is a rather extraordinary
statement that they do not buy them until they
soil them.
[Here the hammer tell.J
Mr. BLAINE. The only reason I can give
why S450.000 is put into the bill is that it costs
£400,000'to buy the stamps and stamped en-
velopes, which return $16,000,000 to the lreas-
ury. If my friend from Iowa can make them
for less than that, let him undertake the con-
tract.
Mr. PRICE. I do not propose to engage in
that business. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous payments, including allowances
to postmasters for rent,, light, fuel, fixtures, stationery,
envelopes, <te., $375,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move after that to insert
the following to make the bill conform to the
usage:
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the following
sums, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
tho same aro hereby, appropriated for the year end-
ing June 30,18G9, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows ;
For steamship servico between San Francisco and
tho Sandwich Islands, $75,000.
Mr. FLANDERS, I move the following
amendment:
For steamship servico between San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, and Olympia, Washington Territory, $50,000.
Mr. BLAINE. That is not in order to this
appropriation bill. There is no law authoriz-
ing it.
The Clerk resumed and finished the reading
of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by adding
a section to the bill, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That if the revenues of
tho Post Oiiiee Department shall bo insufficient to
meet the appropriations of this act, then the sum of
$800,000 or so much thereof as may bo necessary, bo,
and tho same is hereby, appropl iated, to be paid out
of any money in tho Treasury not, otherwise appro-
priated to supply deficiencies in the revenue of tho
Post Oirieo Department for tho year ending tho 30th
of June, 1800.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, my idea of
tho postal service of the United States is that
it is the service which comes nearer the citi-
zen than that perhaps of any other branch of
our Government, and 1, for one, have never
thought the Post Office Department should be
conducted strictly on a self-paying basis. In
my opinion, mail facilities ought to be enlarged
year by year as our country increases and ex-
tends, and that we should not keep our minds
solely upon the amount of expenditure, under
the impression that we must economize wilha
view ol making the service pay for itself. What
we want is cheap postage, frequent and rapid
mail communication between tlic different
points of the country, frequent deliveries of
mail matter, and if the money appropriated is
expended judiciously the cost to the Govern-
ment to be sure must be considered, but not
to the exclusion of the vast accomniodationsto
business interests throughout tho length and
breadth of the land, which can be greatly im-
proved by enlarged postal facilities.
Whenever appropriations are recommended
for new mail routes, for carrying mails between
commercial points at shorter intervals of time,
and in reality putting the people in nearer com-
munication with each other, we should be will-
ing to vote them, and not suffer the principle
of doing in this most essential service onlyso
far as it pays expenses to control us. The
sooner such a narrow doctrine is exploded the
better. I will vote for this amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I have no doubt my friend
will be abundantly gratified and satisfied at the
enlarged expenses of this Department. There
is no need of any alarm that it will not grow
quite as rapidly as most of us desire.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $100,000, merely for the purpose of
saying that I regard this matter of appropriat-
ing money for tho support of the Post Office
Department, or any other Department, us
highly objectionable. We might with the same
propriety appropriate the whole amount re-
quired and place itatthedisposalof the Depart-
ment as to give if. this sum of $800,000 in addi-
tion to this appropriation, to be expended at
its discretion. We are abnegating all control
over the expenditures of the Post Office De-
partment,so far as this $800,000 is concerned,
and giving to the Department the power to dis-
pose of it as it sees fit. I trust the amendment
will not prevail. If the Post Office Depart-
ment finds itself in the condition of the other
Departments when one of the appropriations
is deficient the amount can be provided for in
the deficiency bill. There is no necessity for
confiding to the Department the expenditure
of this large sum without defining the purpose
for which it shall be expended.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to inquire if this
amount is not limited by the first section,which
says this money shall be appropriated out of
any revenue received from its own Depart-
ment?
Mr. BLAINE. I think my friend from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] and my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Si'aldixu] aro both in error on this
subject. Wo are appropriating in this bill
$19,500,000 for the Post Office Department next
year. Now, we know as nearly as we can know
anything that the Post Office revenue from all
sources will be less than seventeen million dol-
lars. They have $2,000,000 to their credit in
the Treasury for undrawn balances, and we have
got to give them $800,000. My friend from
New York is entirely in error in supposing that
tlic Department have any more unlimited con-
trol of the $800,000 than they have of the
$17,000,000 that come from postal receipts.
They have control of all the money, and have
got to account for the whole of it.
And I desire further to say that these accounts
are audited, and that the Auditing Bureau is
"one of the most reliable bureaus that this Gov-
ernment ever had. You have the accounts
given to the last cent and the last mill, so that
there is no danger in giving this $800,000 to
this Department. I will even say more; it looks
a little like squeamish folly to hesitate in giving
$800,000 when we have already voted them
$17,000,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I will ask flic gentleman if
we have not given them $17,000,000 to be
expended for definite purposes?
Mr. BLAINE. So we do this $800,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not see that. It is
uncontrolled.
Mr. BLAINE. It is entirely the same as
other appropriations.
Mr. KELSEY. It is for a deficiency that
may occur.
Mr. BLAINE. In many of these items.
Mr. KELSEY. It is appropriating for a
deficiency in ad\ance and before it has oc-
curred.
Mr. BLAINE. But it is a deficiency which
we know must occur. We know, as well as we
know anything, that the Post, Office receipts
will not cover the Post- Office expenses.
Mr. FAltNSWORTH. I would inquire if
this $800,000 will bring up the amount to what
is esti mated by the Postmaster General as being
required by the Department?
Mr. BLAINE. It will; because the gentle-
man from Illinois will see that we have cut
down the estimates of the Department—not
without their consent—on two or three items,
which brings it down to $800,000. The Post-
master General, in his last esti mate, which I
hold in my hand, figured up a deficiency of
$1,292,000, but that was on the basis that the
foreign mail service would amount to $620,000,
whereas we cut it down to ©420,000, and the
payment of balances to foreign countries
$500,000, and we cut it down to $350,000;
and we reduced his estimates in various other
items, so as to bring it down to this amount,
which corresponds substantially with the wants
and requirements of the Department.
Mr. KELSEY. Then _ I submit that we
have not. done our duty in not keeping the
appropriations within the limits and in giving
him this sum, after cutting down his estimates.
Mr. BLAINE, Not at all; we have such a
postal service as requires these appropriations.
Now, where is the money ? We know we need
$19,535,000. Where is the money for that?
Nearly seventeen million dollars froift postal
receipts, $2,000,000 from undrawn balances,
and this $800,000 out of the genetal Treasury.
That is the whole account.
Mr. KELSEY. I will withdraw my amend-
ment and let the vote be taken direolly.
