1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
The steamer Arrow will be waiting at the wharf,
(foot of Seventh street,) setting out at four p. m.
Tbo Senators will have an opportunity to see Mount
Vernon and its surroundings toward sunset, and to
return by moonlight.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will also lay before the Senate gome bills from
the House of Representatives, for reference.
The bill (H. R. No. 788) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 215) rela-
tive to the Louisville Bridge Company, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
BREAKWATER AT PORTLAND.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 279) in rela-
tion to the breakwater at Portland, Maine, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have that resolution acted on now.
Mr. TRUMB [ILL. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not ask that now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will take but
a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can be passed in the
morning hour to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the present consideration of the
bill, it will be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
have already informally considered it. Let it
lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senator
from Illinois is now willing to withdraw his
objection and let the resolution pass. It is
important that it should be passed early.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to tak-
ing a vote on it if no time is to be consumed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no dispute
about it; the committee have examined it.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that so much of the unexpended
balance of the appropriation for the break-
water in Portland harbor, Maine, as the chief
engineer shall deem proper, may be expended
under his direction in excavating the middle
ground near the breakwater, and in otherwise
protecting the channel from injury by filling
and improving the same.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WASHINGTON CITY CHARTER.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the bill (S. No. -175) to extend
the charter of Washington city; also, to reg-
ulate the selection of officers, and for other
purposes, having been presented to the Presi-
dent on the 16th day of May, 18G8, and not
having been approved by him or returned to
the Senate, in which it originated, within ten
days, (Sundays excepted,) it has become a law
under the provisions of the Constitution.
executives communication
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States, communicating papers which
have been submitted to him relating to the
proceedings for the formation of a constitution
iu the State of Florida under the reconstruction
acts ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
REPRESENTATION OF ARKANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. It. No. 1039) to admit the State of Arkan-
sas to representation in Congress is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole; and
the pending question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. ITerey,-] to
nam-
esolu-
re, in
strike outall of the bill after the
in the fourth line.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now
mous consent of the Senate to
tion of inquiry, which I mentioned
order that it may be sent to the Department
at an early hour.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That the General of the Army be requested
to transmit to the Senate any reports and papers
received by him since the 4th instant in relation to
the late election in Arkansas upon the adoption of a
constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel myself bound to
object to that if it is to delay proceeding. I
have no objection to the resolution, but I do
not want it to be urged as a reason for post-
poning action. If the Senator wants to call
for other information I certainly have no ob-
jection, but I am not willing to lay aside the
Arkansas bill with a view of waiting to get
information, and for that reason I object to
the resolution on the present occasion. Let it
go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Being ob-
jected to, the resolution goes over under the
rule.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I wish
to answer the Senator's question, and say that
I want the information, whether it comes before
or after the bill is disposed of, and it will be
for the Senate itself to judge whether the in-
formation is of a character to produce delay.
I am not asking it to delay the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I have no objec-
tion to its being passed if it is not to be urged
as a reason for continuing the bill. I with-
draw the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ob-
jection being withdrawn, the question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] to the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is of considerable con-
sequence, Mr. President, to have no misappre-
hension as to what the powers of Congress are
over questions of this kind. I have taken
occasionhitherto, on anothersubject, to express
my opinions on this question, but as Senators
who desire to have this amendment adopted
have in this debate maintained with a great
deal of vigor and with great ingenuity the prop-
osition that we have no power at all in admit-
ting a new State, either by way of fundamental
condition or by way of compact with the peo-
ple of thatState, to limit the exercise of powers
which otherwise as a sovereign State they might
exercise, I think it right to occupy a short
time in restating my opinion, because the fash-
ion is getting to be that everybody who does
not state his opinion on every question is sup-
posed to agree to what everybody else says,
and is estopped afterward.
Mr. CONN ESS. I do not understand that
to be so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand itto
be so, but it has been urged very stoutly in
some arguments that have been addressed to
us within my recollection.
Mr. President, the Constitution gives to
Congress the power to admit new States. It
gives to Congress the power to suppress rebel-
lion ; I believe that, even, is agreed to by gen-
tlemen on the other side. It makes it the duty
of Congress to guaranty republican forms of
government in the several States. It enables
Congress to make war and to conclude peace.
Now, whether the condition of the State of
Arkansas (because it is not necessaiy to go
beyond that at present) is that precisely of
being a new State admitted into the Union is,
of course, a subject of dispute; and, there-
fore, in what 1 have to say 1 do not put it en-
tirely or mainly upon that clause of the Con-
stitution. My friends on the other side of the
Chamber contend that this is no admission of
a State, either new or old; that she is in the
Union as she always was. and is here with her
old laws; and that all the matter with her is
2659
that we unconstitutionally refuse to permit the
Senators and Represenatives who were elected
'under the authority of Andrew Johnson in
1865, or thereabouts, to come in. That is
their proposition. Our proposition is the one
so well stated by my honorable friend from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] during this present
session, which I need not restate; but the sub-
stance, the effect, and result of it is that we
are clothed with plenary and absolute power
to reorganize the governments of these States
upon such fundamental republican forms as to
us shall seem fit.
If that be our power, saying nothing for the
moment as to the precise authority that the
Constitution gives us over the Territories and
the admission of new States—if we have power
to reorganize the governments of these States
upon such republican grounds as will make
their constitutions conform to the general rule
provided in the Constitution under which we
live, that is of republicanism, I fail to see the
logic which reaches the result that my friend
from Indiana seems to reach, that we are un-
able to put that government in such a form that
it shall "stay put," as the homely language
of the North is, in that kind of republicanism
which cannot be overthrown.
I did not fail to understand the point of my
friend from Indiana—and that is what my friend
from Massachusetts would call a technical
point—that the people of no State or commu-
nity can disentitle themselves to any faculty
of sovereignty; and therefore he says that if
these people to-day consent to strip themselves
of any of the faculties and attributes that are
adherent in their sovereign nature, the people
to-morrow or next day, having the same unim-
paired sovereign powers, can recede from any
such agreement. That is the substantial ground
of the argument. That proposition 1 deny as
a matter of public law, as a matter of consti-
tutional law, and, if I can use the phrase, also
as a matter of municipal law. The history of
the world is full all over of instances where
peoples are depriving themselves of the exer-
cise of powers that otherwise would be sover-
eign and complete, by compact and agree-
ment, by conquest, or by cession. One of the
faculties of sovereign power is dominion over
the territory in which that sovereign power
exists, and yet we all know that sovereign
power disposes of its territory and of the peo-
ple that are contained in it, and having dis-
posed of it a people who succeed in the same
sovereign State have no power to retake the
cedcd territory.
We all know, Mr. President, to come down
to our own municipal and constitutional his-
tory, that the people of every single State in
this Union have time and again from the found-
ation of the Government parted with rights
which were the inherent and necessary facul-
ties of sovereignty as it respected the private
citizens and corporations within tiieir own
limits. They have granted charters of incor-
porations (which will illustrate the whole ques-
tion) in which they have agreed that the in-
corporated companies should bear no taxation,
sometimes for a limited period, sometimes for
an unlimited period ; and it has been decided,
until it has become as familiar law as the
spelling-book is to the school-boy, that,although
it be true as is always conceded, that the
power to tax is one of the highest faculties of
sovereign power, yet the State binding itself
by such a compact cannot recede from the en-
gagement, and cannot therefore constitution-
ally impose a tax which it had agreed that it
would not impose. Is not that thus Car a lim-
itation of the exercise of sovereign power?
The courts of the United States that have
decided this question have always held and
admitted that it was, but they say that there is
nothing in the inherent nature of sovereign
power which cannot, if the sovereign power
chooses for special objects or the public good
to part with it, be parted with.
Is not the power to regulate the administra-
tion of justice within the territory of a State
a sovereign power? Most clearly it is. There
