1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
wo can levy what in reality is-indirectly an i
export tax, and yet our cotton can compete j
successfully with cotton grown elsewhere in the j
markets of the world. Is that true, Mr. Pres-
ident ? Prior to the war we supplied Great
Britain with eighty-five per cent.—I believe it
was somewhere in the neighborhood of eighty-
live to ninety per cent.—of all the cotton man-
ufactured there. How much now do we fur-
nish her? We furnish, I believe, about forty
per cent, of the amount. Cotton has been
grown somewhere. I sympathize with those
gentlemen who say that cotton is no longer
king. I knew it was not king before. I have 1
felt confident of it from the beginning, and I (
nm satisfied now that if we wish to make any- i
thing out of it in this country, if we wish to [
revive the industry of the South at all, we had j
better relieve the South entirely of this tax
aud look somewhere else to supply the deficit
that will be created.
Our New England friends certainly do not
believe, and never did believe, that manufac-
tured cottons here could compete in the mar-
kets of the world with cottons manufactured
abroad. I do not say our New England friends,
but wherever the article is manufactured, be-
cause it is manufactured everywhere, 1 believe.
It is manufactured in my State. But does a
cotton manufacturer believe in his heart that
this article can compete, in its raw condition,
in the markets of the world? If so, why the
necessity of giving this drawback of three
cents per pound upon the manufactured arti-
cle? I call the attention of the Senator from
Connecticut to the fact that when his constitu-
ents, or my constituents, if you please, manu-
facture this article and desire to export it from
this country, they not only get a drawback of
the tax which they pay as manufacturers, but
they get a drawback of the tax paid by the
planter in the South of three cents per pound.
Why not give that up? If our raw article can
compete in the markets of Europe with the
raw article from other portions of the world
why is it that the manufactured article cannot
compete? Is there any reason, ie there any
sense in the proposition? Not a particle; and
that has been the case from the beginning.
There has been no act of Congress passed
imposing a tax upon cotton that did not pro-
vide that the precise amount of the tax should
be paid back to the manufacturer when he
exported the manufactured article. Therefore
it is a clear proposition, in my mind, that no
such thing is at least believed by the manufac-
turer of the article.
The Senator from Connecticut says there is
a terrible flurry about this matter and a great :
deal of feeling, and he wants to know why it
is gotten up. Somebody has intimated that
we wish to repeal this tax in order to make
ourselves popular with the people of the South.
It is not so with me. I have always opposed
every cotton tax that you have levied. I do ;
not desire to ingratiate myself, or the Repub- 1
lican party, or any other party, with the voters ;
of the South; very far from it. I have thought ]
that this tax was unjust, and not only unjust !
but unconstitutional, from itsinception. There- ]
fore I stand perfectly correct upon the record, .
I apprehend; and neither the Senator from ,
Connecticut nor anybody else can charge that
the "flurry" is gotten up for the purpose of
ingratiating ourselves with the people of the
South. I hope not. I apprehend that no Sen-
ator has any idea of that sort. But I wish to
be perfectly candid with the Senator, and I
wish him to understand one, perhaps, of the
reasons that may prompt a western man to
favor the repeal of this cotton tax. We are
an agricultural people in my State. We for-
merly furnished to the South bacon, pork, flour,
tobacco, whisky, mules, and articles that were
produced in my State. Now, if I can, I want
to induce the people of the South to continue
the growth of cotton. I think it is the most
profitable crop that they can grow. They can
make their labor more profitable in the growth
of cotton than in corn or wheat. Why? Be-
cause the soil and climate are better adapted
to the growth of that article, and it is beneficial
to the entire country that the people of the
South, having those advantages, should add that
much to the aggregate wealth of the country.
Senators say that people are starving to
death in New York. Well, I suppose they have
starved to death every year since our Govern-
ment was organized somewhere or other, I
do not know but that there is a great deal of
suffering. If so, the Senator from Massachu-
setts has not found it out. for he says they are
richer now in the North than they ever were,
that they have grown exceedingly rich in the
last seven years. Whether it is so or not it is
for him and gentlemen who reside there to say.
But I apprehend there is suffering or that there
will be suffering unless we can resuscitate the
producing and especially the agricultural inter-
ests of the country at large. lh&people of the
South can grow cotton to great advantage, and
as they grow it to advantage to themselves they
grow it to the general advantage of the coun-
try and the especial advantage of the people
of the West. Being a Representative of a west-
ern State, I have always desired to see this
agricultural interest fostered. Am I to blame ?
The Senator from Connecticut will not vote
with me to-day to repeal the sixth section of
the act which I have read, to take the draw-
back from the manufacturer who exports the
manufactured article. If the cotton tax is not
repealed I shall move to strike out that section
when we come to consider the general revenue
. law, and I ask the Senator now if he will be
found by my side to strike it off?
Mr. PERRY. I cannot answer the question
so far as regards this particular drawback, I
will say to the Senator that, as a general princi-
ple, I am opposed to all drawbacks, and under
that general principle my inclination would be
to vote with him on that subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am glad to hear the
Senator say so, aud I would like to see other
Senators so vote, because it is unjust,-and no
man can vindicate himself before intelligent
people upon any such proposition. I resisted
it when it was put there, but I insisted on the
other hand that no tax should be imposed upon
the article. I knew perfectly well that cotton
could not stand any such tax as this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Missouri allow me to ask him if we
do not allow tobacco to go abroad free from
any internal tax? Do we not allow whisky
to go abroad without paying any tax? Do we
not allow petroleum to go in the same way? I
ask him if it is not the universal rule, where
we can export anything, to allow it to go
entirely free from any tax?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator certainly
does not understand me. There is no tax upon
corn. His question would have some force in
j it if wa first levied a tax of twenty-five cents
I on a bushel of corn, or ten cents, if you please—
one fourth of its value, it Eclling at about
forty cents now in the West—and then, after
: it was manufactured into whisky, refused to
1 give any drawback to the farmer who raised
1 the corn, and gave it to the manufacturer of the
whisky on the exportation of the article. The
Senator understands me. He is too shrewd,
and he understands the interest of the people
of his otvn State, and he understands this ques-
tion of revenue too well, to propound any such
inquiry to me expecting that I did not under-
stand it, or that he did not understand it, or
that any Senator did not understand it. My
objection is that the tax is levied upon the raw
cotton, and the man who exports it in the raw
state cannot get the drawback. That is what
I complain of; and I say the effect of that is
that, at least indirectly, this tax is in open con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States,
which says that no export tax shall be levied.
When his constituents or mine, if you please,
take the article of raw cotton and manufacture
it into cotton cloth, theynot only get a draw-
back equal to the amount of tax which is im-
posed upon the manufactured article, but they
get three cents a pound in addition, which was
paid by the planter on the raw cotton. The
Senator understands me. That shows clearly
that any gentleman representing a manufactur-
ing district who voted for that proposition
never did think that cotton could stand the
tax, or why the necessity of the provision?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to give my explanation of it?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The explanation is
very simple. While foreign nations cannot
compete with us in the raising of cotto'n they
have, or at least England particularly lias, a
very great advantage in relation to the manu-
factured article, because there labor is chcapcr,
and perhaps from other reasons. They can
manufacture cotton goods fery much cheaper
than we can ; and yet we think it is for the
advantage of the country in every point of
view that we should, to the extent that we can
produce more than we want to use in our own
country, be able to compete with them in for-
eign markets. The design of that provision,
therefore, was to give our people an advantage
in relation to the manufactured article if ex-
ported for sale to foreign markets. It was
designed for that purpose, and had no refer-
ence whatever to the question whether cotton
could bear a tax. It was believed that it was
for the interest of commerce and for the inter-
est of manufactures in this country to export
the manufactured article largely, and to give
drawbacks for the reason I have stated.
Mr. HENDERSON. I recollect that the
Senator so explained it before; but I suppose
that other Senators as well as myself will
have a difficulty in appreciating the force of
the argument. I cannot for my life see it.
If the American planter can bear this tax and
pay it here, and it is no burden on him, I can-
not for my life see why it should be any bur-
den upon the manufacturer who sends the
manufactured article abroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ob-
serve that we do not relieve the manufacturer
of the tax so far as his sales in this country
are concerned ; on them he pays the tax.
Mr. HENDERSON. But he gets a draw-
back.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He gets no drawback
on what he sells in this country.
Mr. HENDERSON. He gets a drawback
on the manufactured cotton 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not unless it is ex-
ported.
■Mr. HENDERSON. Of course not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say, therefore, on
the great mass of the manufactured article the
manufacturer stands precisely as the grower-
does ; there is no distinction; but for the ben-
efit of trade and commerce, and to give our
people something like an equal chance in for-
eign markets, the drawback is allowed. It
goes on an entirely different principle, and
one which was satisfactory to Congress at the
time, and has no relation whatever to the ques-
tion whether the raw article can or cannot bear
tili6 tax
Mr. HENDERSON. I know it was satisfac-
tory to the majority of Congress, but it was not
satisfactory to the people who have to pay the
tax, and the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] who has been in the South a good
deal and understands the tone and temper of
the people there, loyal and disloyal, white and
black, old and young, seems to understand per-
fectly that there is nobody down South in favor
of the cotton tax. If you were to levy a tax on
wheat in my State I apprehend you would not
find anybody there in favor of it. If you were
to levy a tax on rye in Wisconsin I apprehend
you would not find anybody there in favor of it.
So it is in the South ; everybody is opposed to
the cotton tax.
I have said thus much upon the policy of this
tax, and now I desire to say a few words in
reference to its constitutionality. The provis-
ion of the Constitution in relation to taxation
is that—
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imports, and excises, to pay the debts,
and provide for the common defense and general
welfaro of the United States."
