2660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2%
is 110 faculty of sovereign power which so es-
sentially sustains the public good, which is so
indispensable to that power which governs a.
State as the administration of justice ; and
vet my friend from Indiana and my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Teumbiju.] cannot fail to know
that more than forty years ago the Supreme
Court of the United States decided that the
State of Kentucky, having by compact parted
with the sovereign power'in an agreement with
the State of Virginia to regulate the adminis-
tration of justice as it respected a certain class
of claims, was thereby forever estopped and
prohibited from making any change of her
laws that would affect that class of claims
or the remedies upon them. That is the case
of Green vs. Biddle reported in 8 Wheaton,
and it is worth looking at ; for the history of
the nation concerning sovereign attributes in
the Supreme Court ot the United States, that
was referred to the other day, is really, when
you trace it down, a history of the political
changes of opinion that have happened to
exist in the breasts of the particular judges
who composed that court, just so far as these
so-called inalienable and illimitable faculties
became needful to the aggressive interests of
slavery.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator give
the date of that agreement between Virginia
and Kentucky?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will give it in a moment
if the case gives it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was it not before the
Constitution was adopted?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rather suspect, inasmuch
as it was an agreement with Kentucky, which
was not admitted until after the Constitution
was adopted, that it must have been afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was it with Kentucky
as a State?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was what I wanted
to know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am going to show what
the case was. It was brought before the Su-
preme Court of the United States at the Feb-
ruary term, 1823, upon a certificate of division,
and the following were the questions:
"X. Whether the acts of tho Legislature of tho State
of Kentucky, of the 27th of February, 1797, and of the
31st of January, 181*2, concerning occupying claim-
ants of land are constitutional or not; tho demand-
ants and the tenants both claiming; title to the bind
in controversy under patents from the State of Vir-
ginia, prior to thecrection ol tho district of Kentucky
into a State.
"2. Whotlierthe question of improvcmcntsoushtto
be settled under the abovo act of 1797, the suit having
been brought before tho passage of tho aet ol 1811!,
although judgment tor the demandant was not ren-
dered until alter the passago of tho last-mentioned
act."
The opinion of the court was delivered by
Mr. Justice Stoiy, who said :
"The first question certified from the circuit court
of Kentucky, in this cause, is whether the acts of
Kentucky of the 27th of February, 1797, and ot the
31st ol J anuary, 1812, concerning occupying claimants
oHand, are unconstitutional?
"This question depends principally upon the con-
struction of the seventh article of the compact made
between \ lrginia and Kentucky, upon the separa-
tion of tho latter fromtheformer State, that compact
being a part of tho constitution of Kentucky. Tho
seventh article declares/ that all private rights and
interests of lands, within the said district, derived
from the laws of Virginia, shall remain valid and
s?Gi?.r? under the laws of the proposed State, and
shall be determined by tho laws now existing in tho
btate, f Virsirii;L.)
As tar as wecan understand tho construction of
tho seventh article of tho compact contended for by
those who assert the constitutionality of tho laws in
question, it is that it was intended to secure to claim-
ants ot, lands their rights and interests therein, by
preserving a determination of their titles by the laws
under which they were acquired. If this be the true
and only import of the article, it is a mere nullity •
lor, by the general principles of law, and from the
necessity of the case, titles to real estatecan bedeterm-
ined only by the laws of the State under which
they are acquired. Titles to land cannot bo acquired
or transferred in any other inodethau thatprescribed
by tho laws of the territory where it is situate. Every
Government has, and from the nature of sovereignty
must have, the exclusive right of regulating tho de-
scent, distribution, and grants of the domain within
its own boundaries; and this right must remain until
it yieHs it up by compact or conquest. When once
a title to lands is asseited under ttie laws of a Terri-
tory, the validity of that title can be judged of by no
other rule than thoselaws furnish,in which it had its
origin; for no title can be acquired contrary to those
laws; and a title good by those laws cannot be disre-
garded. but byadoparture from thefirst principles of
justice. If thp article meant, therefore, what has
been supposed*, it meant only to provide for the af-
firmation of/that, which is the universal rule in the
courts of cwilized nations, professing to be governed
by the dictates of law."
Then he goes on to show that the language
of the article does not mean that, but means
that not only all land rights but all remedies
affecting the merits which had been granted by
Virginia should be determined by the laws of
Virginia in force at the time of the compact.
The act of the State of Kentucky to which
objection was made was what we iu the North
call a betterment act; that is, it provided that
on a recovery in ejectment by a plaintiff against
a defendant, the defendant should have a rebate
or recovery over from the plaintiff' of the value
of the improvements that had been put upon
the laud. It did not touch the question of
the original title to the land, because, as Mr.
Justice Story says, the laws of all countries
agree iu holding that the title to land must
always depend upon the law of the State under
which the title originated; but the question
was whether the State of Kentucky, under the
Virginia grants, could pass a law that the
squatter of Kentucky should make the owner
of land, when his title came to be asserted in
court, pay to him the value of the improve-
ment that he had bestowed upon the land. If
there was no limitation to the sovereign power
of Kentucky to provide these betterment acts,
as they are called, then most clearly Kentucky
could pass them; but Kentucky had agreed
that all questions relating to land, as I have
said, should be determined according to the
laws of Virginia and not according to the laws
of Kentucky.
Mr. Justice Story went on to define what the
question was, and to declare that these were
sovereign rights ; that they must remain sov-
ereign rights until the State of Kentucky should
give them up either by compact (and he uses
that very term) or by conquest, which is per-
haps the term that my friends on the other side
of the Chamber would say is applicable to
the State of Arkansas. Then he goes on to
show, in an opinion too elaborate for me to
venture to trespass upon the time of the Senate
to read, that this compact between the State
of Virginia and the State of Kentucky was one
which Virginia and Kentucky had a right to
make as between themselves, and that Ken-
tucky had thereby surrendered a portion ot' her
sovereign rights to regulate the administration
of justice in her own courts according to her
own iaws and had bound herself to administer
justice upon an existing case according to the
laws of another State, and that her attempt by
legislation to recede from that compact was a
violation of the compact and was therefore
void under the Constitution of the United
States, which held every State to its compacts,
that it could pass no law impairing the obliga-
tion of a compact into which it had entered.
Then, it was said that this compact, between
Virginia and Kentucky was void, because the
United States had not assented to it, there
being a clause in the Constitution that no com-
pact should be made between States without
the assent of Congress. His answer to that
was one which will be very pertinent here to
this people of Arkansas, if they choose to
organize, on the fundamental condition which
we impose upon them ; and it was this, that i
inasmuch as after Kentucky was separated I
from the territory of Virginia, Congress upon !
that compact and that new constitution had
passed an act admitting Kentucky into the ]
Union; it was a tacit assent to the ground- j
work and basis upon which she stood ; and ,
therefore, if Kentucky existed at all, she must ;
exist by force of the very organic compact and j
terms under which she was admitted. The
language of the court upon that subject is, per-
haps, worth lecurring to :
" Nov/, it is perfectly clear"—
And I am now reading from the opinion of
Mr. Justice Washington, by whom the opinion
upon the rehearing was delivered.
Mr. CONKLING. What page?
Mi;. EDMUNDS. Page 362 of 5 Curtis.
The case was decided, as I have said, by Mr.
Justice Story; but after it was decided upon
the principles I have named, Mr. Henry Clay,
upon whom we have heard a just eulogy passed
very lately, addressed the court and asked that
the case might be continued for reargument,
because it affected so many interests in the
State of Kentucky, and the court, granted tho
request; and it was again argned, although the
court were unanimous in the first instance,
and on the second argument Mr. Justice Wash-
ington delivered the opinion. Upon this point,
to which I am now calling attention, of im-
plied assent by acting under a condition or
compact, Mr. Justice Washington proceeds to
say this:
"Now, it is perfectly clear, that, although Con-
gress might havo refused their consent to the pro-
posed separation, yet they had no authority to de-
clare Kentucky a separate and independent State
without the assent of Virginia, or upon terms variant
from those which Virginia had prescribed. But Con-
gress, after recognizing the conditions upon which
alone Virginia agreed to tho separation, expressed,
by a solemn act, the consent of that body to the sep-
aration. The terms and conditions, then, on which
alone tho separation could take place, or the act of
Congress become a valid one, were necessarily as-
sented to; not by a mere tacit acquiescence, but by
an express declaration of the legislative mind, result-
ing from the manifest construction of the act itself.
To deny this, is to deny the validity of the act ot
Congress, without which Kentucky could not havo
beeomo an independent Btate; and then it would
follow that she is at this moment a part of the State
of Virginia, and all her laws are acts of usurpation.
The counsel who urged this argument, would not. we
are persuaded, consent to this conclusion ; and yet it
would seem to be inevitable, if the premises insisted
upon be true."
Here, then, Mr. President, we have a case
decided in the earlier days of the Supreme
Court, and a case which, as it related merely
to rights of land, and not to rights iu slaves or
rights of suffrage, was a case which appealed
to no political prejudice of the court : indeed,
I may almost say that at that day the court
had not learned to have political prejudices ;
and that case, if J rightly understand it, is the
solemn adjudication of the highest judicial
tribunal in the land of two things : first, that
a State of the Union may make a compact with
another State which shall strip her of certain
sovereign rights ; second, that if that compact
is made with the assent of Congress under the
Constitution, it is one from which she cannot
recede, and that any aet attempting to recede
from it upon her part is absolutely null and
void. Now, why does not that apply to this
case? And it further proceeds to declare as
plainly as language can declare anything, that
if a State comes into existence upon a compact
or condition of that character, the very act
which created her existence is the one which
contains, as a part of its \^ry essence ami
nature, the condition of things under which
she was created, and therefore, if she repu-
diates that act of creation, she repudiates her-
self. She only exists, in the language of Mr.
Justice Washington, by force of the act of
Congress which admitted her into the Union
upon those terms, and if that act of Congress
imposing those terms is invalid, then she has
not been in the Union at all, and all her laws
passed in the mean time, in tne language of the
court, are acts of usurpation merely. And yet
gentlemen contend that there is something so
peculiar about our republican organization in
this country that a sovereign State, more than
anybody else, has a legal right to play fast and
loose with her bargains and contracts : first,
that she has no faculty at all to surrender any
quality or privilege of sovereignty, which I have
shown to bo an entire error as applied to the
whole class of instances which have arisen under
our history ; and. second, that if she does
enter into any such engagement she has a per-
fect right to recede from it atany time, because
it was a compact she had no right to make.
If every State may declare, as I have sl.pwn,
and declare so as to bind her through all time,
that her courts of justice shall administer the
laws of a foreign State, and not her own, over
a given class of subjects which otherwise she
