1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
Mr. Chairman, it strikes me as perfectly clear
this is not the case of deficiency in the sense
in which we use that word. Post routes are
established by law. The Post Office Depart-
ment. is established by law. The Postmaster
General reports substantially to the committee
that $20,000,000 is needed for the service of
that Department next year. Seventeen mil-
lion dollars comes from thePost Office receipts,
$2,000,000 cash on hand, and we are asked to
provide the balance. It is not, therefore, the
case of an anticipated deficiency. It is simply
providing for a service which we have ordered,
putting the means in possession of the Depart-
ment to pay for that service, and nothing else.
I am very glad, sir, to hoar broad views in
regard to the Post Office and the interest
attached to it expressed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] andtliegentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] and espe-
cially by the latter, whose name is connected
so prominently with this Department of the
Government.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. Spalding's amendment to the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Blank's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes 12; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Blaine and Mr. Spalding.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 8; no quorum voting.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Boyer, Brom-
well, Brooks, Buekland, Cornel!, Oovodc, Dnwes,
Dixon, Dodge, Eekley, Eggleston, Ela, Eldiidge,
Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Getz, fcrloss-
brenner, (xriswold, Haight, italsey, Hawkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Kiehard I), llubbard, Julian, Knott,
Mnyniird, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Morris-
sey, Muilins, Nunn, Peteis, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Pomeroy. HnndiiU, Kaum, Robinson, Shel-
labarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone,
Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Van Aukeii, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Vnn Horn, Henry I). Washburn,
William Williams, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ashi.ey, of Ohio, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 8L52, making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1809, that, finding itself without a quorum,
the chairman had caused the roll to be called,
and now reported the names of the absentees
to the Ilonse.
The SPEAKER stated that a quorum hav-
ing answered to their names the committee,
without motion, would resume its session.
The committee accordingly resumed its ses-
sion.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw all further
call for adivision on th^pendingamendment, as
the committee has so clearly manifested its
favorable disposition toward it.
Mr. Blaine's amendment was then adopted.
Mr. BLAINE moved that the committee
rise and report the bill and amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speakerhavingresmned the chair, Mr. Ashley,
of Ohio, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
832, making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and had
directed him to report the same back with
sundry amendments.
Mr."BLA1NL demanded the previous ques-
tion on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
First amendment:
Page 2, line thirty, insert:
Norot more than one paptr; said paper to be a
morning paper.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope this amendment will
not be concurred in. It is invidious legisla-
tion, I think, to say that certain advertisements
shall not be printed in a paper because it is
published after twelve o'clock in the day. I
think we ought not to say any such thing, and
I trust the House will not concur in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The remaining amendments of the commit-
tee were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
v distilled spirits 1'0r exportation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I report back from the
Committee of Ways and Means House bill No.
764, for the relief of certain exporters of dis-
tilled spirits. This is the bill which was with-
drawn the other day after I had made an ex-
planation to the House in order that it might
be printed, and the committee was authorized to
report this bill back at any time.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
of January 11, 1808, entitled "An act to pre-
vent frauds in the collection of tax on distilled
spirits," be so construed as to permit alcohol
and rum, which at the date of the passage of
said act were already distilled or redistilled
and intended for export, or actually contracted
for to be delivered for exportation, to be with-
drawn, removed, and exported from the United
States under such transportation and export
bonds and regulations as were required therefor
immediately prior to the passage of said act;
provided that all such spirits shall be actually
exported within thirty days from the passage of
this act ; and that before any such exportation
shall be permitted, proof in writing shall be
furnished by sworn evidence to the satisfaction
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that
such liquor was in fact at the date mentioned
intended for export and distilled or redistilled
for that purpose or actually contracted for to
be so exported, within thirty days from the
passage of this act. And upon lailure to so
export the same within said thirty days, the
tax thereon shall become due and payable,
and the bonds given for the transportation and
export thereof shall be forfeited and collected,
as in case of such bonds not canceled accord-
ing to law.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I explained the object
of this bill when it was reported the other day,
I will ask now to have it put on its passage
unless some explanation is desired, which I
am prepared to give on behalf of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to know why (he
main object of this bill is not obtained by the
parties paying the tax and getting a drawback
when the spirits are shipped?
Mr. SCHENCK. For this reason: it would
violate the principle of legislation which it lias
been found expedient of late to adopt, and to
which the Committee of Ways and Means desire
to adhere, not to have this system of draw-
backs in reference to articles exported free of
tax. It has been discovered that it only opens
another door to fraud. The drawbacks very
often have exceeded the tax actually paid. We
prefer, therefore, to guard everything that has
to go abroad free of tax down to the very point
of exportation and take a bond of security that
it shall be exported. It is only to avoid open-
ing the door to fraud, which has been very
great indeed, that this bill is reported.
Mr. P1UCE. I am not, desirous of arguing
♦his question. I am only disposed to think that
if you compel these men to pay the money you
will get it, but if you allow them to take the
liquor out for the purpose of exportation you
may never get it. I presume the chairman of
the committee has studied this question more
thoroughly than I have, but to me it looks as
if the safest way is to compel these men to pay
the tax before they take their liquor from I he
manufactory. Then I know we have got it; but
when they once get the spirits away I do not
know whether we shall ever see the money. So
far as bonds are concerned, I would not, indi-
vidually, give much for bonds; and so far as
oaths are concerned, in nineteen cases out of
twenty I would give a great deal less for oaths
than for bonds.
Mr. SCHENCK. So far as that is concerned
I suspect there is very little difference between
the gentleman from Iowa and myself. I have
very little reliance, as a general rule, upon
these bonds unless there be other guards ; and
I have very great reliance on a general system
by which the tax shall be paid, as far as prac-
ticable, at the place of manufacture. It was
that which led the committee to recommend
to the House the abolition of the bonded ware-
house system, and all the intermediate ware-,
houses between the place of manufacture and
the place of export. They only propose now
to '"let up" in one particular, and that under
severe restrictions, and that only for thirty
days, to prevent the crushing out of the inter-
ests of a certain set of parties or classes who
have been injured, as it appeared to the com-
mittee, without the intention of the Govern-
ment so to injure them in their interests by the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HARDIN G. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if this proposition covers all persons
who have made contracts since the proposal
of the amendment to the law which abolished
the bonded warehouses?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. HARDING. I think it should relieve
only those who made these contracts in good
faith, not anticipating the change in the law.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is precisely what it
does. It requires that it shall be shown by
sworn evidence that the liquor was prepared
for exportation under contracts made before
the passage of that act.
Mr. HARDING. Before the proposal to
change the law?
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HARDING. If any parties, in view of
the proposed alteration of the law in relation
to bonded warehouses, made these contracts,
it was a fraud and they ought not to be relieved.
If, in view of the early passage of that law, they
made contracts to a very large amount they
ought not to be relieved.
Mr. SCHENCIv. It would be hard to de-
termine in regard to three or four days. But
the gentleman will recollect that when that law
was proposed it was passed at once. When
we struck it was a word and a blow, and the
effect of the proposal of the law was to stop
anything more of this being done. I ask a vote
on the bill.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreedto.
bridge across the ohio river.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to go to business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first business on the
Speaker's table is the engrossed bill (H. R.
No. 384) to authorize the building of a railroad
bridge across the Ohio river at Paducah, Ken-
tucky. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; the reading of the en-
