1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
might have admistered, why may she not de-
clare that a particular class of her citizens
who are now citizens of the United States, and
who are entitled to exercise all the faculties
of citizenship, shall never be deprived of the
right to exercise those faculties. Is there any-
thing anti-republican in that? Is there any-
thing dangerous to the sovereignty of the State
to declare that she shall maintain her institu-
tions forevermorc up to the full standard of
republicanism as it existed when her consti-
tution was formed? I think not.
But, as I was saying, Mr. President, this is not
all the course of decision iu this matter. We
have another class of cases of compacts between
a State and the United States, which, so far as
the literal form of agreement goes, would be
precisely analogous to this ; and the cases that
X now refer to are those between the United
States and Maryland and Ohio and, I believe,
Virginia, touching the old turnpike known as
the Cumberland road. When that road was
given up to those States by Congress they
entered into an engagement that they would
surrender the sovereign faculty of taxation
upon any of the property of the United States
or any mail coaches that were carrying the
property of the United States over those roads.
After they had got the property they concluded
that it would be a wise thing, inasmuch as they
could not surrender the faculties of sovereignty,
to impose the tax, and so they undertook it;
and the Supreme Court, in cases coming up
from each one of those States—because after
one State had tried it the others did not give
it up, for they thought they might have better
luck next time—involving the same question
of the right of those States to be bound by a
contract not to impose taxes upon a particular
class of property that otherwise confessedly
they might have imposed taxes upon, and that
by force of the contract they had entered into
with the United States not to do, in each case
and at each time solemnly decided that they
were bound by the contracts, and that the
Constitution of the United States, whether it
affected sovereignty or whatever it affected,
prevented them from passing any law or act
which should impair the obligation of that
contract into which they had entered ; and so
another faculty of sovereignty was found to be
one which could be given up by a State if she
chose to give it up.
The same thing took place at first in respect
to these Alabama land cases, upon which the
case of Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan was cited
the other day. There, for the first time, as
read by my friend from Missouri, not now in
his seat, [Mr. Henderson,] the dogma that
there was any inherentsacredness in the facul-
ties of sovereignty that a State could not give
up for any purpose, or under any circumstances,
came into light, although on the very same
questions as touching those same Alabama
lands, as will be found in the dissenting opin-
ion of one of the judges in that same case—I
think it is in the same case—the previous decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States
had been constantly and uniformly, in three or
four instances, exactly the reverse, to wit, that
the State of Alabama was bound by the com-
pact that she entered into in respect to those
lands, that the lands were fairly within the
scope of the compact, and the compact was
upheld, and the title of the United States given
to its patentees was held to be the valid title.
Now, as it is true that in this case that was
read the other day, the judges in giving their
opinions, or rather one of them, Mr. Justice
McKinley, declared this doctrine that is now
asserted on the floor of the Senate, but iu the
same breath he declared that it was not neces-
sary to the decision of the case, because he
decided, and a majority of the other judges
concurred with him, that after all the question
did not arise on account of the fact that the
compact did not cover the land.
But I adpiit, Mr. President, that in a later
case, one that occurred as late as 1857, in 20
Howard—I have forgotten the name of it—
which was a case from the State of Mississippi,
I a judge of the Supreme Court, speaking for his
associates, again speaking on this question of
inherent sovereign rights which States pos-
sessed, which they could not part with, did
say, in the most formal and solemn manner,
that the State of Mississippi could not give up
her right to control the navigable waters on
the borders or within the territory of that State,
to Congress by assenting to the conditions upon
which she was admitted into the Union, and,
therefore, that the provision in the bill by
which the State of Mississippi was admitted
into the Union, that the waters of the Missis-
sippi should leinain forever free to the navi-
gation of all the inhabitants and citizens of the
United States, was an obligation that she was
not bound by. To be sure, Mr. President, it
is due to the judge to say that they again
dodged the question. They asserted the abstract
doctrine, but immediately proceeded to decide
that in that particular case the State of Mis-
sissippi had not attempted to do any such
thing. But I confess that the doctrine which
is now contended for was boldly announced ;
and it was carried at that same time, as you
well know, sir, to an extent much greater even
than that in the Dred Scott case, where the
whole case turned upon the decision of the
court, that by force of the Constitution touching
the Territories Congress could pass no act which
should prevent the introduction of slaves into
those Territories; that the ordinance of 1787
was nothing but waste paper; that the constitu-
tional provision which gave Congress the power
to make all needful rules and regulations relat-
ing to the Territories had no applicable force ;
and that no act of Congress could be made
which could prohibit a citizen of Mississippi,
or of any other slaveliolding State, from taking
his property which he might hold by the laws
of his own State into that Territory on this
same ground of State sovereignty and equality.
And this leads me to allude (because I can,
of course, only touch upon these subjects in
the time which I feel justified in using) to what
has been stated in tlie debate here about the
phrase admitting a State "upon an equal foot-
ing with the other States" of the Union, and
to the argument advanced, that if we impose
any conditions or limitations upon the right of
this State which are not imposed as it respects
our own States, she cannot be admitted upon
an equal footing. In the first place, there^ is
no such provision in the Constitution. The
language touching the "equal footing" of the
States is borrowed from the acts of cession of
Virginia and Georgia of the southwestern ter-
ritory to the United States, which proceeds to
declare that the inhabitants of those territories
shall be erected into States of convenient size,
and, when the proper time comes, shall be
admitted upon an " equal footing" with the
other States of the Union; and in one of these
Alabama cases to which I have referred the
judges of the court seize hold upon that
expression in the compact between the State
of Virginia and the State of Georgia and the
United States in giving up the territory, as the
grant which gives those States which are formed
out of that territory the right to come in on an
equal footing; in other words, that a compact
which is made between the United States and
Virginia and Georgia may bind t.he_ United
States: but when we ask to have Virginia and
Georgia bound by it, then it is quite a different
thing. That is where the phrase comes from.
The equal footing to which each State is
entitled under the Constitution is just such an
equal footing, and no more, as that which the
Constitution itself prescribes. What is that j
equal footing? It is that the representation
of that State, like the representation of all
others, shall be apportioned upon the total
number of its inhabitants. It is that each
State shall have two Senators in Congress. It
is that each State shall have the same faculties
in respect of those enumerated rights which
are given to them, and those enumerated pro-
hibitions which are asserted against them,
which the Constitution contains, that every
other has. That is the equal footing of the
States which the Constitution has provided
for, and it only relates, as you will perceive,
to their relations as to each other, and does
not relate to the extent of their territory, the
number of their inhabitants, or the particular
detailed nature of their republican institutions
at all. Therefore, to maintain that you can-
not admit a State upon any terms which will
not make her iu every respect politically like
every other State is to assert a proposition
that you can never fulfill.
Take the very constitution of Arkansas which
is before you. You will find that that consti-
tution narrows the faculties of that people in
many respects and enlarges them in many
others, as distinguished from the constitution
of the State of Massachusetts or of Vermont
or of Now York ; and therefore you would find,
by a comparison, an instant demonstration of
the fact that these people, if you have no con-
dition at all, are not to be admitted upon an
equal footing with those States, if by '' equal-
ity " yon mean the having institutions that are
just alike. And if by " equality " you mean
that they cannot be permitted to make an en-
gagement which in any respect is different from
the engagements the other States have made as
the terms upon which they were to come in, on
the ground that they could not part with a sov-
ereign right, then I say you oppose yourself to
the voice of all human experience, that all
sovereignties do part with sovereign rights every
day, as the State of Ohio has done as between
herself and private persons, in limiting her
faculty to tax banks, and as she and other Slates
have done as to taxing mail coaches, &c., as
the Supreme Court has decided; as the State
of Kentucky has done in the case I have
referred to.
Mr. MOIiTON. Ohio has the right to change-
her constitution in that particular, as any other
State has, so that she still occupies the same
position.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Ohio has the right
to change her constitution, but if she were to
change her constitution and declare by her new
constitution that the particular bank she
engaged should not be taxed should be taxed,
my friend then would find that Ohio had still
the manacles of the law upon her limbs, and
that her constitution would have no more
power than the law she had passed.
Mr. CONKLING-. Do you refer to the
Piqua Bank and Knoop case ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 refer to the tax cases; I
do not know what the names of the banks were ;
and I might refer to the bridge cases of Massa-
chusetts and many others. So there is nothing .
in the difference between a constitution and a
law which makes a distinction in the right of
a State to limit her sovereign faculties one way
or the other, if she binds herself by a law
which impairs her right of sovereignty to im-
pose taxes upon a particular person, then she
is bound to stand by that compact, and if she
chooses to change her constitution in order to
violate the compact, the compact is just as
valid as it was before. I should suppose my
friend from Indiana would scarcely contest
that.
But I have not time, Mr. President, and I
am sure the .Senate have not the patience to
continue this branch of the discussion.
Mr. MORTON. I should like, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Vermont, to ask
him a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Supposing, for tlie sake of the
argument, that the people of a State ha,ve the
power to bind themselves in perpetual compact
with the General Government, by which they
surrender some right, I want to ask the Senator
whether that must be done by the people in
their primary capacity or may be done by an
ordinary Legislature?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is quite a different
question from the one I have been so far argu-
ing. I have been, in the first place, endeav-
oring to combat the proposition advanced the
other day, that it was not within the power of
the people as a body, acting through the high-
