2662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
est form of action that they could possibly act
in, to deprive themselves of a right which
belonged to sovereignty, and as we all know
that every political and civil right is inherent
in and belongs to sovereignty, and that it only
exists because of sovereignty, the proposition
is simply that a State cannot depvive herself
of any right except that which relates to pri-
vate property which she owns as an individual.
Now, my friend from Indiana comes to an-
other and quite a different question.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I argued that same
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But, I say, you now come
in your inquiry to another anil quite different
question. I will attend to that if the Senator
will have a little patience. I agree with my
friend from Indiana that where a Legislature
derives its powers solely from a constitution
that creates it, so far as that Legislature lias
any relation to the constitution in what it is to
do, it, of course, has no power to exceed the
powers the constitution has given it; but where
a Legislature represents a people which are not
yet in a state of sovereign existence, as is the
case with the State of Arkansas, and where
the representatives of that people agree to a
fundamental condition upon which that State
is to have a sovereign existence, and the people
of that State choose to acquiesce by upholding
and continuing the form of government which
is thus given to them, it becomes just as much
the act of the whole people as it would have
been if they had met in convention and agreed
to it in form ; and that very point is decided,
I repeat, in the case I have alluded to, by
Judge Story and Judge Washington.
There it was necessary that the State of
Kentucky should have had the assent of Con-
gress to making a compact with the State of
Virginia, and the argument on the part of
Kentucky was that Congress had never given
its assent. Whatwas the answer of the court?
I have read it to you: that inasmuch as Ken-
tucky received her existence by force of that
compact, and by force of the act of Congress
which admitted her afterward, to contend that
the act of Congress which admitted her was
not an agreement to that compact would be to
contend that the State of Kentucky had no
existence at all. So that, I say, whether the
Legi;-lature of Arkansas agree or disagree to a
fundamental condition which we choose to
impose as the very ground upon which we pass
a bill of admission, when that fundamental
condition is broken the bill falls ; it becomes
as if there had never been a bill to admit the
State, and the State falls with it if we choose
to enforce the forfeiture of the condition.
That is my position.
I do not contend that any special force, if
my friend will allow me to use a law expres-
sion, propria vigors necessarily aiisesfrom the
mere act of the Legislature under the consti-
tution in assentingto the condition. I only say
that if we put into a bill which gives a State
Or a corporation life, a condition upon which
that life is to depend, if that people choose to
accept that condition by actingupon that which
we give to them, and go on with their State
organization, they take it with the whole bur-
den of the condition, and that it does not lie in
their mouths afterward to say, "We assented to
only half the law," or " We choose to accept the
law without the condition," because the con-
dition is an inseparable part of the law. If the
State ol Arkansas does not constitutionally
exist to-day in an organized form without our
will, can we not, as a part of that will, say that
only upon certain terms shall that organization
be permitted to be setup? And ifit is setup,
is it not necessarily a tacit agreement to those
terms? Is it not necessarily, as was said by
the court in the case to which I have referred,
an express agreement to the terms, because
they are working under the authority, and the
authority only, that the law gave to them, which
declared that it should be exercised upon, and
only upon, certain conditions.
If this was applied to a private corporation,
my friend from Indiana would not dispute with
me for a moment, I take it; but the difficulty
into which he has fallen is in supposing that
there is something so sacred and so supremo
in the usual attributes of apolitical community
that is invested with the rights of sovereignty,
that none of those rights could be parted with
under any circumstances whatever. There is
the fault in the argument. As it respects us,
as it respects coming into the fellowship of
States upon terms that we choose to impose,
these communities are exactly in the samecon-
dition that a private corporation is that wishes
a charter from lis, subject of course to the
provision of the Constitution which declares
that they shall always have two Senators and
a certain share in the Representatives, &c.
So much for that, sir. I am taking more
of the time of the Senate than I feel justified
in doing upon this important question of law.
Now I wish to say a few words upon the gen-
eral question.
We have proposed, in the first place, a con-
stitutional amendment, to which 1 wish to ask
the attention of the Senate. This was pro-
posed on (lie l'ith of June, 18GG, and is known
as the fourteenth article. The second section
provides, as wc ail know, for a diminution ift
the representation of a State when any part
of its male inhabitants shall be denied the
right of the elective franchise ; and we all
know that it was intended as the foundation
safeguard of this whole question of restoration.
Wo all know that it was considered as of the
most, vital importance to the future welfare and
prosperity of the whole country, as well as to
the social order in the southern States, that
that iirticle should become a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States, because theu it
would be above the temporary excitements
and changes of party ; it would be beyond the
changes of administration ; it would be beyond
all changes of policy ; it would be above any
overture by State authority in the localities
where it applied. It was regarded, and justly
regarded, as the key which should finally hold
safe the great treasure of liberty and equality
that wo had wrung from the rebellion. I
regard it so yet, not merely in that respect, but
in the respect provided in the fourth section,
which is as follows :
"Tho validity of the public debt of the United
States, authorized by law. including debts inouircd
lor payment of pensions and boun ties for services in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. J3ut neither the United States, nor any
State, shall assume or pay any debt or obligation in-
curred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or any claim for tho loss or emanci-
pation of any slavo: but all such debts, obligations,
and claims, shall bo held illegal and void."
I regard that still as of great importance, as
of the highest importance at this moment,
higher than any temporary injury, or suffer-
ing or inconvenience that can happen to the
people of Arkansas, by waiting for a month
or six weeks before they are admitted to rep-
resentation in this body.
Now, wluit do we propose to do ? We pro-
pose to admit the State of Arkansas; and I do
not say by alluding to these considerations that
I shall finally vote against the admission of that
State; I hold that in reserve. I only allude to it
now to show what appears to mo to be the very
high importance of not forgetting in our zealous
haste the very groundwork upon which we have
undertaken to establish this restoration. What
do we propose to do ? We propose to admit Ark-
ansas, although we gave notice to that people
that they must first have a convention and frame
a constitution, must submit it to their people,
must send it to us, must have it in such a con-
dition that it shall meet our approval, and that
then and afterward, before they should be en-
titled to a complete State organization and to
representation as a State, this fourteenth arti-
cle to which I have called your attention should
become a part of the Constitution of the United
States; not that the people of Arkansas alone
should agree to it, which, to be sure, as my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] says, was
all they could do, but we told them in unmis-
takable terms that they must do all that, and
then they must wait until that article should
have become irrevocable beyond the chances
of fortune, beyond the chances of violence,
beyond the chances reconsideration. Has it
become so?^ I ask my honorable friend from
Illinois has it become so ? My friend is unwill-
ing to say that it has. I do not know what
his individual opinion is. I can scarcely say
that I know what my own is.
To be sure, it is contended by some states-
men and by some jurists that three fourths of
the States which must assent to this article
of tho Constitution means three fourths of the
States which had legal and loyal and repre-
sented governments at the time the article was
proposed. It is contended by another class
of statesmen and jurists, whose purity is not to
be questioned, that the Constitution plainly
means that three fourths of the States are three
fourths of all the States, and, therefore, in
order to have it.become a part of the Constitu-
tion, you must have twenty-eight States assent
to it, instead of nineteen, or whatever the
number otherwise would bo. I confess, Mr.
President, that the inclination of my mind is,
if it is of any value to anybody to know it, in
favor of the latter proposition. I hold myself
ready to change my opinion if I shall be con-
vinced, or that inclination if it shall turn out
to be wrong. But inasmuch as it is a subject
of dispute at least, of fair and honest dijjpute,
are we to throw over to the mere chances of
futurity the fourteenth article upon such a
doubt and dispute? That is the question. Is
there so little of value and of virtue and of
security to the peace of this country in the
years to come in this article which we framed
with so much care and submitted to the States,
as to make it worth our while to hazard it upon
any chance whatever?
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
learned friend one question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will hear it with pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. it is, how the final adop-
tion of the fourteenth article is put in peril by
the admission of a State that has already rati-
fied it itself?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will answer you pres-
ently. I am now merely endeavoring to call
the attention of Senators to the transcendent
importance to the country that we should make
no mistake and run no hazard on this question.
That is as far as [ have gone so far.
And now I wish to call the attention of Sen-
ators and the country once again to the fact
that we are not guilty of any want of faith
whatever to the people of Arkansas, or of any
other southern State, in saying to them, as we
said in 1SG7 when we passed the law under
which they have organized, "when you have
organized and have adopted, so far as you can,
that fourteenth article, you shall then wait
until enough of your fellows have adopted it to
make it absolutely secure." Where is the
injustice in that? Where is the bad faith in
that.? Have we held out any other inducement
to them? Have we invited them to organize
and to arrange their State affairs and to como
here upon any other terms? By no means.
What, then, is meant by Senators when they say,
" Why are you keeping them out; have they
not done all you asked them to do? You are
committing bad faith against them.'' Is it bad
faith, in a matter of this grave impoi lance, to
say to these people when they have taken one
of the steps that wc require as a condition-pre-
cedent, to wait until the other shall be taken,
also? I fail to see it.
Now, my friend from Indiana inquires (and
I hasten to that because I do not wish to oc-
cupy time) where is the danger, where is the
hazard of losing this constitutional amendment
any more by letting this State in than by keep-
ing her out? I will tell my friend where it
appears to me to be ; and I trust my friend will
believe me when I tell him that, if I know my-
self, I am as sincerely anxious to restore these
people, and all the other people of the South,
to their primal relations to this Union as he is,
or as any other gentleman on this floor; but 1
am anxious, at the same time, to do it bo that it
will be a restoration and remain a restoration.
