3686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %
this amendment I do so under the instruction
of the Committee on Commerce, and that the
appropriation meets the approbation of the
Treasury Department. It is simply to enlarge
-the lot of ground at Nashville for the site of
the custom-house.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state to
the Senate what this is. In 1856 Congress
appropriated $20,000 to purchase a lot of land
m the city of Nashville for the erection of a
public building in that city, and the act limited
the size of the building. The Secretary of the
Treasury now communicates to the Committee
on Commerce that the lot of land which was
authorized to be purchased is not large enough
for the erection of a suitable building, that
there ought to be additional land procured
for that purpose. The supervising architect
has sent to the Committee on Commerce a plan
ofthe'building which is in harmony with the cus-
tom-houses that are being built now, and have
been for the last six or eight years in the coun-
try generally, whereby it becomes necessary
to acquire additional land. As I understand
the matter, the Committee on Commerce rec-
ommend that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to acquire additional land for that
purpose, and this appropriation is made to
enable him to do it.
Mr. POMEROY. Land for what? To erect
a building on ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A custom-house,
court-house, and post office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much land have
they now 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One hundred
feet by fifty perhaps; and the plan of the
building is one hundred and twenty feet.
Mr. POMEROY. They want $25,000 for
m6re land ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the amount of
receipts from imports at that port?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know.
What I mean to say about it is that heretofore
an appropriation of 820,000 was made to buy
land for the erection of a public building in
the city of Nashville, and that is found now to
be inadequate; there is not land enough on
which to erect such a building as is recom-
mended by the supervisiftg architect and by
the Treasury Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My inquiry was what was
the amount of yearly receipts from customs at
that port?
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I do not know.
Very likely the Committee on Commerce may
know.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate in discussing this
£25,000 appropriation for the purchase of land
for the site of a building for a custom-house in
the city of Nashville, when there never has
been one dollar of money expended in the
State of Tennessee by this Government forany
public building whatever. In 1860 a lot was
purchased by the Government, which is there
now ; it is too small for the purpose of erecting
this building. Instead of being worth $20,000
now, that lot is worth $100,000 We add a
certain quantity of land so as to make the lot
large enough to erect a building suitable for
the purpose. We need a custom-house, a post
office, and a court-room, as in other cities. It
is certainly a very small amount, much smaller
than has been expended in any city of the
same size in any State of the Union. I am
very well aware thatthe citizens there will have
to make up some of the money needed to
secure land enough to build a suitable building
upon.
I do not rocollcct the amount of receipts
from customs, but the internal revenue of that
district is very large, and previous to 1860 the
receipts from customs were considerable; at
tile present time they are small, and have been
since 1860. Of course the customs ought now
to increase very rapidly. I could make a state-
ment of the size of the buildings constructed
in other cities of the Union, and also of the
prices for which they were erected, if it were
necessary, but I do not think it is necessary to
go into such statistics for the purpose of mak-
ing clear the propriety of this little appropria-
tion of $25,000 to be expended in the State
rif
Mr. POMEROY. I would not like to op-
pose anything that ought to be done; but if
this is for the purpose of an internal revenue
office or post office it ought to be so stated.
I understand it to be for a custom-house.
Mr. FOWLER. All the officers of the Gov-
ernment there are to be in this custom-house
building, I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator represents
they have large internal revenue receipts, and
need a post office, but he fails to tell us in re-
gard to the receipts from any commerce that
passes through the custom-house. I am will-
ing to give to these States any reasonable
appropriation for anything that we are in the
habit of appropriating for in any State ; but I
never thought of asking for an appropriation
for my own State for the purpose of building
post offices or an internal revenue office, al-
though 1 presume they would be very accept-
able and desirable. States which are so situ-
ated that do not have much commerce cannot
expect to have custom-houses. I would not
call thisa "custom-house;" call it some other
name.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is well known that in
Cleveland, Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukie, and
other cities, buildings were erected for custom-
houses, post offices, and court-houses, and all
the Government offices. This amendment
simply authorizes the extension of the size of
the lot at Nashville to enable them to rent a
building relatively of the same size as in these
other cities.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. If my
friend from Kansas would look to the law of
1856, authorizing the erection of this custom-
house at Nashville he would see that the build-
ing at Nashville is not only intended for a
custom-house, but for the use of the courts of
the United States, and the post offices and
other offices connected with the Government
of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend the bill
by inserting an appropriation of $25,000 for a
post office building in the city of Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania. 1 believe there is now no town
of that magnitude in the United States that
has not such a building erected by the Govern-
ment. The post office at Harrisburg yields a
large revenue to the Government, and the safety
of the mails and the dignity of the Govern-
ment require that there should be such a build-
ing there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
amendment reported from a committee of this
body ?
Mr. CAMERON. Well, Mr. President, it
ought to have been reported before. [Laugh-
ter.] I suppose if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will" accept service "
now that will do.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. The amend-
ment can be entertained by unani mous consent.
Is there any objection to the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not in
order ?
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand what
the amendment was.
Mr. CAMERON. The amendment is to
appropriate the sum of $25,000 for the erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania, on condition that such a build-
ing as the Secretary of the Treasury shall direct
to be erected shall not cost more than that sum,
because if it does cost more I pledge myself
that the people of Harrisburg will make up
the additional sum.
Mr. POMEROY. It would be a pretty good
precedent to set, because I want to move a
similar appropriation when this amendment is
adopted.
The PRESIDENTprotonpore. Theamend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. It was objected to.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The amend-
ment has been renewed.
Mr. MORfi.ILL, of Maine. The objection
having been made once, it was hardly neces-
sary to renew it.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not exactly the same
proposition, because I have added a condition
that the money shall be appropriated on con-
dition that the people of Harrisburg shall pay
the additional sum which the Secretary of the
Treasury shall say is necessary to erect a proper
building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose the
Senator is hardly serious in urging this propo-
sition. There is no instance where the Gov-
ernment has built a post office by itself. In
large seaports, and perhaps in some other
places where a custom-house has been neces-
sary, provision has been made for a custom-
house building that should also contain accom-
modations for the post office and the United
States courts. There is no instance, I believe,
where an appropriation has been made for
building a post office by itself; and by law the
Post Office Department is authorized to pro-
vide all necessary accommodations for post
offices. I must enforce the rule on the Senator.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think the chair-
man will do that when he comes to look at the
case. When we have a United States court at
Harrisburg we are perfectly willing that it shall
have rooms in this building without charge.
Just think of it, at the seat of government of
what is admitted to be next to the greatest
State in the Union we have no place for the
post office there unless it is by the sufferance
of the people who own the buildings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the case
everywhere.
Mr. CAMERON. No; it is not the case at
Portland, in Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the case in
my own city.
Mr. CAMERON. We have provided in this
very bill for such a building at Portland, in
Oregon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My own city is
parallel precisely to the honorable Senator's
case as to being the seat of government, though
not parallel in greatness as regards the com-
parative importance of States; and I should
hardly think of moving the same thing for
Augusta.
Mr. CAMERON. This is the difference
between the cases: the post office in the town
which is the seat of government of the State
of Maine I think gives no surplus, or very
little, while at Harrisburg it. is a very large
one. The Harrisburg office is the most profit-
able post office to the Government in the State
of Pennsylvania, outside of Philadelphia, and
Philadelphia is the most profitable in the Union,
not excepting New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe this is all out
of order. The question of order has been
raised, and it is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was so
feebly raised that the Chair did not know
whether it was intended to be insisted on or
not. [Laughter.] In the mean time gentle-
men go on to argue it. I suppose they waive
the point of order when they go on to argue
the question. Points of order should be made
promptly in limine; and when gentlemen pro-
ceed to argue the merits of a proposition it is
to be presumed they waive points of order.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, it depends entirely
on the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether he will insist on his rule or
whether I shall have my amendment put on
the bill. 1
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that he can readily remove
the only objection the Senator from Maine
makes to the proposition. The Senator from
Maine says that no post office buildings are
constructed unless there is a custom-house in
the same building. If the Senator from "Penn-
sylvania will consent tixit there shall be a
custom-house in this building I suppose the
Senatorfrom Maine will withdraw his objection ?
