1867.
 - ■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
with his usual frankness he says it must come
off because we do not wish the South to raise
anything but cotton.
Mr. HENDERSON. No.
Mr. l'ESSEXDEN. Substantially,that ''we
want to keep them to cotton ; we want to fur-
nish them with the products of the soil that
they eat." If I am mistaken I shall be glad
to be corrected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not state, and I
think the Senator will find that I did not state,
that I did not want the South to do anything
else but raise cotton. I said that they could
more profitably employ their industry at present
in that way than in any other way, and that we
could most profitably engage in those pursuits
which would supply them ; and that while this
would benefit the South it would benefit the
W est, and I thought benefit the East also.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Of course, I take my
friend s correction as to what he meant to say ;
but I understood him to say substantially this:
''We have lost the supply of the southern
States because they have gone into the produc-
tion of food ; we no longer furnish them as we
used to do with divers and sundry articles"
(which he enumerated) " or to anything like
the extent we formerly did, because they have
themselves gone into the production of those
very articles, instead of raising cotton, ergo
we wish to encourage the raising of cotton in
order that we may restore the old state of
things, in order that we may have a market."
That is the argument of the Senator.
That is all proper and legitimate; I find no
fault with it; but I do find a litttle fault when
my friend from Illinois couples with it the
word "magnanimity," and says, "let us be
magnanimous."' Yes, be magnanimous, in
order to enable us to furnish hogs and hominy 1
Is that the magnanimity the honorable Senator
wishes to preach up to us? Put it upon its ;
right ground. My friend from Missouri says
it is selfishness, an enlightened and proper
selfishness. I find no fault with him; I cer- ,
tainly do not quarrel with him for sustaining
the interests of the West any more than I
quarrel with myself for sustaining the interests
of the East; but I take it we are all broad
enough to look at the whole country. I cer-
tainly cannot accuse myself of wishing to
break down the interest of any section of the
country for the sake of building up my own;
and I hold that true policy requires that every
part of this country should produce all it can
of every description, diversify its labor just as
much as may be profitable to it; not that one
part should be dependent upon another; not
that one man should come here prepared to
sustain one particular interest at the expense |
of all others, and vice versa with regard to :
other gentlemen; but that we should come
here having at heart the whole interests of one
great united country, to look at all and see
what we can do for all, in order that all may
prosper.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor. j
Mr. HENDERSON. Just one moment, if ;
the Senator pleases. I thought I was suffi-
ciently explicit when I spoke in reference to
my selfishness about this matter. I did not
desire that the Senator from Maine should
understand me as neglecting the interests of
any part of the country. He seems to com- 1
Elain, and complain very bitterly, that I should
ave_ suggested in my argument that I was
looking out somewhat for the interests of my
own State. I said that I would not do any-
thing to damage the best interests of the State
of Maine. [There was great confusion in the
hall.] When this " flurry" is over and order 1
is restored I will proceed. !
Mr. MORTON again rose.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me a moment? It is getting late and there is
executive business to be attended to. Will the
Senator from Indiana alio w me to make a motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration ,
of executive business ?
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will give way.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senate adjourn
the Senator can speak to-morrow. I move
; that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Indianay I desire to inquire whether
he wiU yield the floor for a motion to go into
executive session.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is too late for
f that. I shall vote against an executive session
, at this hour.
i Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator give way
< for such a motion ?
| Mr. MORTON. I shall occupy but a few
• minutes.
! Mr. President, I want to say that I have
i listened to an argument from my friend from
i Missouri that is quite familiar to me. I heard
that argument made on every stump in Indiana
before the war as a reason why we should not
take part in the war to suppress the rebellion.
I heard it made during the war as a reason why
we should not continue the war because it was
said that our interests were intimately blended
with the South; and some persons were so
profoundly convinced of this great unity of in-
terests that they thought the northwestern
States would actually go with the South into the
rebellion. After having lost the southern trade
by the war we are told by the Senator from
Massachusetts that the States of the Northwest
have actually progressed in wealth as they
never did before.
Mr. President, I have come here to repre-
sent in part one of the northwestern States, and
I want for myself and on behalf of my people to
repudiate this sectional idea. Our interests
are bound up with those of the South in many
respects, but they are not so intimately con-
nected that we can afford to exonerate seven
or eight States of the South from bearing any
part of the public burdens simply because we
wish to foster their interests. If we would thus
exonerate the southern States from any portion
of the public, burdens, it would be simply just
that the northwestern States should take that
part upon themselves which they relieve the
cotton States from.
Mr. HENDERSON. As the Senator has
referred to me and put secession arguments
into my mouth that I was not aware of ever
having usod, having always used the contrary
arguments as far as I could, I desire to ask
him how we relieve the South of taxation. Is
not the South subject to all the internal duties
that we impose upon any part of the United
States, even after we repeal this tax?
Mr. MORTON. Ah! Mr. President, that
comes right to the very point. They have no
varied industry in the cotton States ; they have
but one interest; it represents their capital and
their labor; they have scarcely any other busi-
ness there except that which is connected with
and is incident to the cotton business, and when
you exonerate cotton you exonerate substan-
tially seven of those States from bearing any
part of the public burdens. There is just where
the trouble is.
Now, sir, one word in regard to this " agri-
cultural" argument. It seems that there is a
grand abstraction, something like an old Vir-
ginia abstraction, only somewhat more empty
than that. What is it? That because a thing
is agricultural in its character, grows out of
the ground, it must therefore not be taxed 1
Because the wheat and corn of Indiana, the
breadstuff's, are not taxed, therefore cotton
must not be taxed! I fail to see the truth of
the comparison. We have varied industries
all through the Northwest, and we pay a very
heavy part of the internal revenue ; but if you
exonerate cotton from taxation your internal
revenue department will not pay expenses in
any one of the cotton States, I undertake to
say.
It is said we must exempt everything that is
an agricultural production. Is there anything
in the character of an agricultural production
why it ihould not be taxed? I say it is a
mere barren technicality. Let me suppose
a case in answer to the question about the
wool. Let me suppose that six or seven States
of this Union are the only States where you
can raise wool with a profit. Let me suppose
that it is so profitable to raise wool in six or
seven States that inen can make more money
by putting their capital into it than they can in
manufacturing or in raising wheat or corn, and
they engage in that exclusively, would it be
right to exonerate wool from taxation and thus
relieve seven States, because it is more profit-
able to them to raise wool than it i3 to manu-
facture, or raise wheat and corn or anything
else? I say not. I say it ought to be taxed
for one purpose—and that is a far more import-
ant principle—namely, to make taxation equal
throughout the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I would like to
call the attention of the Senator, with his per-
mission, to the fact that instead of taxing wool
which is the product of some six or seven
States of the Union to any extent whatever
we imposed a tariff at the last session of a very
exorbitant character upon the importation of
the article, thereby giving a bounty to the pro-
duction of it here.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that the Senator
is mistaken in saying that the growing of wool
is confined to any one section of this Union.
It is an extensive interest in New England; it
is now a vast interest in all the Northwest, and
a growing interest, and you can find wool-
growing, I believe, in almost every State of
this Union, It bears no comparison to cotton
in any respect. But, now, take the case of
cotton; here are some seven States that have
their capital and their labor invested in raising
cotton. It stands to them as wheat and corn ;
it stands to them in the place of manufactures ;
it represents their capital, their labor, and their
commerce. When you exonerate cotton you
exonerate that section of the country; and why ?
Because you call it agricultural; because it is
an agricultural product; a mere abstraction.
Now, sir, if in order to equalize taxation in
this country and to make every part of the
country bear its portion of the public burdens
it becomes necessary to tax an agricultural pro-
duction, I say tax it. It is far more important
to equalize the public burdens and make every
State in this Union pay its just proportion than
it is to exonerate six or seven States simply for
the sake of an abstraction by saying that their
production is an agricultural production.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will not regard me as interrupting him, on
that point I desire to ask simply this question :
are not those persons taxed upon the income
which they make in the production of cotton
just as all other agriculturists are taxed upon
the income produced upon their farms?
Mr. MORTON. Suppose they are ; that may
affect a few of them; how many men, I ask,
would that affect in raising corn or raising
wheat? Sir, the fact is, and it cannot be got
over, that if you exonerate cotton you do to all
intents and purposes exonerate seven or eight
States of this Union from all portion of the
public burdens. That I protest against, and it
is to be done under the name of an abstraction,
because it is, forsooth, an agricultural produc-
tion.
Mr. President, the Senator from Massachu-
setts has from present distress argued in favor
of a permanent future policy. Because of the
present low price of cotton and the distress in
the South he would exonerate cotton from tax-
ation in all coming time. Let me call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that if you shall
now repeal this cotton tax you will never get
it back. You will soon have some eighteen
Senators from these southern States, and you
mayrely upon it that whether they are Rad-
icals or Conservatives every man of them will
vote against the cotton tax, and that they will
have the uniform and unanimous support of the
Democratic party in the future as they have
had in the past in that matter, and that if this
tax is now repealed it will never be replaced
to the amount of anything. You are not, there-
