1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
ernraent of the United States; and every man engaged
in that rebellion in that convention, with the inten-
tion of superseding and upturning the civil Govern-
ment which had been recognized by the Government
of the United States, I say that he was a traitor to
the Constitution of the United States, and hence you
find that another rebellion was commenced, having
its origin in the radical Congress."
sj. f S:
"So much fortheNew Orleans riot. Andthetewas
the cause and the origin of the blood that was shed;
and every drop of blood that was shed is upon their
skirts, and they are responsible for it. I could test
this thing a little closer, but will not do it here to-
night. But when you talk about the causes and con-
sequences that resulted from proceedings of that
kind, perhaps, as I have been introduced here, and
you have provoked questions of this kind, though it
does not provoke ine, 1 will tell you a few wholesome
things that have been done by this radical Congress
in conncction with New Orleans and the extension
of the elective franchise.
"I know that I have been traduced and abused. X
know it has come in advance of me here as else-
where, that I have attempted to exercise an arbitrary
power in resisting laws that were intended to be
forced upon the Government; that I had exercised
that power: that I had abandoned the party that
elected me, and that I was a traitor, because I exer-
cised the veto power m attempting and did an est for
a time a bill that was called a 4 Freedmen's Bureau'
bill; yes, that 1 was a traitor. And I have been tra-
duced, I have been slandered, I have been maligned,
I have been called Judas lscariot, and all that. Now,
mv countrymen, here to-night, it is very easy to in-
dulge in epithets; it is easy to call a man a Judas,
and cry out traitor; but when ho is called upon to
jrive arguments and facts he is very often found want-
ing. Judas Iscariot! Judasi There was a Judas,
and he was one of the twelve apostles. Oh I yes; the
twelve apostles had a Christ. The twelve apostles
had a Christ, and 1-Ie never could have had a Judas
unless lie had had twelve apostles. If I have played
the Judas, who has been my Christ that I have
played the Judas with? Wasit Thad. Stevens? "Was
it Wendell Phillips? Was it Charles Sumner? These
are the men that stop and compare themselves with
the Saviour; and everybody that differs with them
in opinion, and to try and stay and arrest their dia-
bolical and nefarious policy, is to be denounced as a
Judas." w
" Well, let ine say to you, if you will stand by mo
in this action, if you will stand by me in trying to
give the people a fair chance—soldiers and citizens—
to participate in these offices, God being willing, I
will kick them out. I will kick them out just as last
as 1 can.
"Let me say to you, in concluding, that what I
have said I intended to say. I was not provoked
into this, and I care not for their menaces, the
taunts, and tiie jeers. 1 care not for threats. 1 do
not intend to be bullied by mv enemies nor overawed
by my irieiuK But, God willing, with your help. I
will veto their measures whenever any of them come
to me."
Which said utterances, declarations, threats, har-
angues, highly censurable in any. are peculiarly in-
decent and unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate of
the United States, by means whereof said Andrew
Johnson has brought the high office of the President
ol the United States into contempt, ridicule, and dis-
grace, to the great scandal of all good citizens,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, l^esident of the
United States, did commit, and was then and there
guiity of, a high misdemeanor in office.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I desire the
attention of the House for a few moments while
1 explain this article. The article has a pre-
cedent. in the trial of Judge Chase. The eighth
article on that trial was as follows:
"And whereas, mutual respect and confidence be-
tween the Government of the United States and those
of the individual States, and between the people and
those governments respectively are highly conducive
to that public harmony, without which there can be
no public happiness, yet the said Samuel Chase, dis-
regarding the duties and dignity of his judicial char-
acter, did, at a circuit court for the district ot Mary-
land, held at Baltimore in the month of May, 1803,
pervert his official right and duty to address the
grand jury then and there assembled, on the matters
coming within the province of the said jury for the
purnose of delivering to the said grand jury an in-
temperate and inflammatory political harangue, with
intent to excite the fears and resentment ot the said
grand jury and of the good people of Maryland
agamst their State government and constitutionj a
conduct highly censurable in any, but peculiarly in-
decent and unbecoming in a judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States," Ate.
That article obtained more votes on that
trial than any other. Now, I understand the
difficulties in the minds of members which pre-
vented the adoption of this article yesterday.
It was feared that the introduction of this ar-
ticle would protract the trial. First, by the
attempt 011 the part of the respondent to prove
the averments true ; and, secondly, by calling a
large number of witnesses to prove the Presi-
dent did not speak the words charged. To pre-
sent the proof on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, we should only have to call the
stenographers who took each speech, and they
woutd produce their notes, lhcse men are
known and can easily be had. The President,
in rebuttal, could only call certain men to
swear that he did not say the things alleged.
But any court in the trial of parties will allow
only a limited number of witnesses to be called
upon such points. In this case the witnesses
might all be disposed of in a single day. If I
were conducting the case, after having proved
by the man who took down the words that he
took them down as he heard them, their utter-
ance having been undisputed for two years, I
would not care if all the citizens of St. Louis,
of a certain stripe of politics, should swear that
the Presidentdid not say substantially the words
charged. I would admit they all would testify
either that they did not hear them, or did not
understand them. The last would be very
likely. Therefore I say there need be no delay.
Besides, the managers have all this in their
hands. We have the right to strike out any
article or decline to produce proofof any article
or specification. If we find this article would
cause unprofitable delay we have itnn our hands
to withdraw any portion of it. It is, therefore,
within the precedent. It is an article which
strikes the mind with conviction of great wrong
of every man who reads it, and there can be
110 doubt of the truth, &c., of its allegations.
We show, first, that the words are of such a
character that the language should not be used
by any man, especially by this man who is
President. He is also one of the coordinate
branches of this Government, a character of
which he cannot divest himself, and he claims
it 011 all occasions while using such language;
and lastly, concerning another branch of the
Government, we show the gross, blasphemous,
and unholy language with which at St. Louis
he addressed that jeering and drunken crowd.
Mr. ELDR1DGH. I rise to a point of order.
I ask whether we are acting under the rule
adopted in reference to the impeachment or
acting on a new and independent proposition
to impeach the President?
The SPEAKER. What rule ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The new rule adopted on
the 2-3lh of February.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and will have the entire rule
reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Resolved, That the rules bo suspended, and that it
is hereby ordered as follows:
"When the committee to prepare articles of im-
peachment of the President of the United States report
the said articles the House shall immediately resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole thereon:
thatspeeches in committee shall be limited to fifteen
minutes each, which debate shall continue till the
next legislative day after the report, to the exclusion
of ail other business except the reading of the Jour-
nal; thafat three o'clock on the afternoon of said
second day the fifteen-minutes debate shall cease,
and the committee shall then proceed to consider
and vote upon amendments that may be offered
under the five-minutes rule of debate; but no merely
pro forma amendment bhull be entertained; that at
four o'clock on the afternoon of said second day the
committee shall rise and report their action to the
House, which shall immediately and without dilatory
motions vote thereon: that if the articles of im-
peachment are agreed on the House shall then
immediately and without dilatory motions elect by
ballot seven managers to conduct said impeachment
on the part of the House "—
The SPEAKER. This part of the order of
the House has been executed. The Clerk will
now read the concluding part.
The Clerk read as follows:
"and that during the pendency of resolutions in the
House relative to said impeachment thereafter no
dilatory motions shall be received except one motion
on each day that the House do now adjourn.''
The SPEAKER. That is the part the House
is now acting under.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We are now acting under
this rule. Now, I find nothing in that rule
which would authorize the gentleman to pre-
sent a new article, and to debate that article
for one hour. This must be an independent
proposition to impeach the President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor
to make it plain. The first part of the order
has already been executed. The part that
remains to be executed is that during the pend-
ency of resolutions in the House relative to
said impeachment thereafter—-that is now—
no dilatory motions shall be received except
one motion on each day that the House do now
adjourn. This additional article of impeach-
ment is offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ; and it is a question of privilege
accruing under the Constitution of the United
States. It has never been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ia not under the fif-
teen-minutes limitation of debate. It is before
the House, and therefore under the hour rule;
and during the pendency of this article there
can be only one motion each day that the
House do now adjourn.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask a ques-
tion. I notice under the rules adopted by the
Senate last evening it is ordered, when any
interlocutory motion shall be made, that each
Senator may speak once and for not longer
than ten minutes. Now, I desire to knw
whether the committee have considered the
question whether if they introduce this article
as is now proposed-—on which I voted in the
negative last evening, not because I was op-
posed to it, but from fear it would increase the
time—there would not be a great many ques-
tions raised about the admissibility of testi-
mony; and whether under the rule of the Sen-
ate, which allows a ton-minutes speech to each
of its members, it will not give them an oppor-
tunity to protract the trial to a most unlimited
extent? If it will not I am in favor of the
article; if it will I should certainly be opposed
to it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, there are two
answers to my friend from Ohio. I am much
obliged to him for the suggestion he makes,
because it enables me to speak to the ques-
tion which troubles him. As to the evidence
necessary to be admitted under this article,
there is but, one question, and that is only to
prove the words. You will observe this arti-
cle does not allege the falsity of the words
alleged to have been spoken, because, in my
judgment, it is not in accordance with the
dignity or proprieties of this House or the
other House of Congress to allege the facts or
to try the question of the truth or falsehood
of an accusation against them, coming from
whatever source, as that they are not a consti-
tutional body. Some things must be taken as
settled, and this is one of them. The grava-
men of the article, and the only gravamen, is
that the words were spoken at all, in the man-
ner and form in which and the purpose for
which they were spoken, whether true or false.
No man should be so vile as to use such lan-
guage against the Congress of the United
States. No one should go so far wrong as to
use such denunciations, and especially if that
person be President of the United States.
Now, then, in regard to the question whether
under the ten-minutes rule the members of the
Senate cannot speak to incidental questions to
be raised under this article, as long as they
please and upon as many questions as they
please, and so protract the trial. My answer
is, that the moment this article is made the
foundation or pretext for unreasonable delajr,
then it will be competent for the managers—
and for one I should be for it—to withdraw it
and offer no proof upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Would you withdraw
parts of it?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir. There are three
specifications ; and let, me say that the reason
why the person who drew the article drew it
with three specifications instead of one entire
article was that the managers could withdraw
either specification of the article, or offer proof
under either.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a question of
order. I deny the right of the managers to
withdraw any article that this House sends to
them. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Botler] says it is in their power to pre-
sent or not to present any one article.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that, as it does not properly come
before the House at this time.
Mr. GETZ. Would it be in order to inquire
whether the attacks of the President upon Con-
