1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8687
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If a ques-
tion of order is made the amendment cannot
be received.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I understand
the Chair so to rule, 1 have a motion to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Chair
so rules, of course.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the ninth page of the bill,
line two hundred and six :
For repairs and outfits, $15,000.
The estimate was $170,000; and I am told
that §15,000 is a misprint; it should be
$150,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Repairs and outfits"
of what?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is in regard
to the revenue-cutter service. I move to make
the appropriation $150,000 instead of $15,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to renew a motion to
amend made by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to strike out the appropriation Cor marine
hospitals, and I wish to add to what I said the
other day on that subject a few remarks made
by the Secretary of the Treasury in his report
submitted in 1865; one page is all I wish to
read:
" The working of the marine hospital system as at
present constituted is not altogether satisfactory.
The ercetion and lepair of numerous expensive
buildings, and tho support of the establishments
necessarily connected with their operations, have
entailed upon the Government a yearly expense far
beyond tho amount contributed by the seamen, which
has been met by large annual appropriations by Con-
gress.
"Tho act of July 16,1798, by which the system was
created, and the rate of contribution fixed at twenty
cents per month, confined the action of the Govern-
ment to the simple expenditure, for the benefit of
thoseamen, of thoamountsthuscontributedby them-
selves, and contemplated laying no burden on tho
public Treasury. If it is deemed advisable to con-
tinue any system of relief, under control of the Gov-
ernment, it is respectfully suggested that the original
intent ot the law should be carried into effect and the
fund made self-sustaining. With this view it will be
necessary to increase the fund and to make a material
reduction in the expenses.
"Experience has shown, and former Secretaries
liave at various times and with entire unanimity
represented to Congress, that the system of public
marine hospitals, maintained and managed by the
Government, is the least economical method that has
been devised lor the administration of this fund, and
affords the least comparative benefit to the seamen.
Tho expenses of theseestablishmentsarelarge, inde-
pendently of thenuinber of seamen received m them.
When the patients arenumeroustheavcrago rateof
expense per man is not unreasonable; but where
they are tew, as at most of tho public institutions,
the expense per capita is very largely in excess of the
cost of maintaining them under contract at private,
State, or municipal institutions, where they would
be better accommodated at an expense exactly pro-
portioned to the services rondered.
"Mention may be made, in illustration, of one of
these public hospitals, which is maintained at an
annual expense of upward of four thousand dol-
lars, and which accommodates an average of less
than a single patient, at a daily cost per capita of
more than $14 50; while quite as satisfactory relief
can bo had under contract lor about one dollar per
day.
"There are, moreover, several hospital buildings,
erected at great cost, now lying idle, out of repair, and
not available for thoir intended use. Some of these
have never been occupied, and one. at least, is situ-
ated at a point remote from any port, and where relief
is never demanded. Others now occupied are in a
condition requiring large and immediate outlay to
preserve them.
"In view of these facts, it is strongly recommended
that authority be conferred bylaw upon this Depart-
ment to sell such hospitals as experience has shown
aie not needed, retaining only those situated at
important ports, whore, by the course of commerce,
demands for relief are likely to be most fiequont and
pressing, and where contracts on favorable terms
cannot be procured with private or municipal insti-
tutions. The proceeds should either bo returned into
the Treasury, in repayment of their cost, or invested
for the benefit of the hospital fund.
" In favor of the contract system it may be re-
marked that it is in operation inosf successfully at
New York, where demands for relief are iar the
heaviest, at Baltimore, Philadelphia, St. Louis,Louis-
villo, and Cincinnati; and it is believed that quite as
advantageous and satisfactory arrangements might
be made at other ports whore Government hospitals
are now located. Even at ports where it may be
deemed best to retain the ownership of the hospital
buildings it might be advisable to lease them to pri-
vate or municipal hospitals, which would gladly
receive the seamen on favorable terms. Such an
arrangement was formerly in force at Charleston,
feoutn Carolina, much to tho advantage of the patients
and the fund.
" Should these suggestions be adopted, and at the
same time the rate of contribution fixed at thirty
cents a month, instead of twenty, as at present, the
proceeds of the tax, thoroughly collected and econom-
ically administered, would be ample to meet every
demand which a judicious discrimination in afford-
ing relief would make upon them;- and tho seamen
would receive far more substantial and efficient
benefit than under the present system."
Mr. President, I showed the Senate the other
day that up to 1846 there never had been a
dollar contributed by the nation to this fund
but once, and that was in lieu of the twenty-
cents tax. That took place in 1837. I showed
that repeatedly since 1840 Congress had omit-
ted all appropriations. I showed that when
they first commenced making appropriations
they commenced appropriating twelve or fif-
teen thousand dollars per annum, the highest
being $25,000, until one year they appropriated
$200,000 in aid of this fund and to furnish five
different hospitals. Putting the two subjects
together, the appropriation was $200,000. I
now produce the testimony of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who says that if you will take ten
cents more a month, that is to say $1 20 a
year, from the men who are employed in this
service, and add it to the fund, the sailors can
be taken better care of with that fund than
they are with the money which you appropri-
ate ; aijd the only argument alleged, as I re-
member, the other day in favor of this appro-
priation was that the wages of the seamen—
for they get wages—were spent so thriftlessly
and shiftlessly for purposes of dissipation that
they would not save anything to take care of
themselves; so that this $1 20 a year which
the Secretary proposes to take out of their
wages is money which confessedly, if it is not
taken, will be squandered in dissipation. Take
that ten cents away, says the Secretary, and
you can save to your Treasury $150,000 a year.
Now I ask the Senate to make that substitute,
to refuse this appropriation, and then put that
clause in the bill; and I want the yeas and
nays on that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT^} tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out from lines forty-seven to fifty-four
the following clause :
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
ofsiek and disabled seamen, $150,000: Provided, That
hereafter tho Secretary of the Treasury shall com-
municate at each annual session of Congress a full
and complete statement in detail of the amounts
collected from seamen, and also the amount ex-
pended for sick and disabled seamen, in accordance
with the provisions of the act of May 3, 1802.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The report from which
the Senator read was the first report, I believe,
that was made by the present Secretary of the
Treasury. The Senator is not disposed to place
much reliance on the opinions of the present
Secretary of the Treasury, but with these he
is disposed to agree.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is entirely right.
I did not read that to strengthen myself, but I
put it to influence the conviction of the Sena-
tor. I never knew him to differ with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury when he asked an appro-
priation, and I hoped ho would follow him
when he discouraged one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He does not discourage
that appropriation now. He suggests a change
of the system. I do not think he knew at that
time anything about it. I know precisely how
that was got up ; he sent a clerk of his Depart-
ment, who was officiating as librarian, 1 forget
his name,' to look at the hospitals around the
country, and he made an examination and gave
his opinions when he came back, and upon the
opinions of that clerk the Secretary founded
his report. The suggestion made has a good
deal of plausibility in it: but if we are going
to change the system it must be done as a
whole. You cannot do it by diminishing the
fund at once, which is absolutely necessary
under the present system. If the system is to
be changed it cannot be changed now by strik-
ing out a necessary appropriation, because it is
a matter that must be done by degrees. If
you omit to make the needed appropriation
either they go on and there is a deficiency to
be made up, or else you must shut up some
ot these hospitals, turn the men out of doors,
and that without making a new arrangement
for a contract system of some kind or othef.
I am of opinion, as I stated the other day,
that we have too many of these hospitals. We
have them at some places where neither the
present demands for supporting sick and dis-
abled sailors nor the prospective demands are
such as to justify the erection of a building.
A great many buildings have been erected,
more especially up and down the Mississippi
river, more I think than are necessary there.
Some have been sold; considerable reforms
have already taken place; Congress has author-
ized the sale in several places of hospitals that
were not needed and where the expense ot
keeping them up was necessarily very great
comparatively in consequence of there not
being sufficient demand to justify the erection
and keeping up of a building. Probably the
reason a marine hospital has not been built at
the city of New York is that the city of New
York has so many sailors that no one hospital
we should be likely to erect could hold all who
ought to be accommodated. At any rate, they
have not begun the system there; for what reason
I do not know. Perhaps it was unwise to change
the old system, but I am myself of a different
opinion, and I have been always of a different
opinion. 1 do not think it operates well in all
cases to leave these men to the tender mercies
of contractors; but where you have a large
extent of sea-coast and a great deal of naviga-
tion it is better to have a hospital, and have it
properly cared for and properly managed.
We want more or less of them, how many I
do not know.
If the Senator desires to correct the evil it
must be done systematically. You must exam-
ine, in the first place, and see how many hos-
pitals can be dispensed with and sold, and how
many it is necessary to retain; because there are
some places where they are necessary for these
purposes, and others where they are not. Take
the hospital that is erected in my city. It cost
with the furniture, probably about sixty thou-
sand dollars. The Senator says "sell it for a
town hospital." It is a little out of the city,
though on the harbor. It is in the town of
Westbrook. ThetownofWestbrookhasnoneed
of it, nor has the city of Portland. The city
of Portland has ample accommodations for
all its poor. It would not be good for any
purpose. It would not bring $10,000. .It
would only bring what the materials would sell
for when taken down. It is the only marine
hospital for about three hundred miles of sea-
coast. Will you shut up that hospital at once
without making another arrangement.
I say, then, that if my friend wishes to arrive
at a proper conclusion—and I have no sort of
objection to its being tried—there should be an
examination made to see what number of dif-
ferent hospitals can be dispensed with, which
of them ought to be sold, and then provision
should be made by law to exact more of the
sailors, if you mean to meet it in that way; but
at present you have no law on that subject, and
it is not very likely that you can get a law
through at this session of Congress. This sum
is necessary for the succeeding year; you can-
not begin a reform of this kind by simply say-
ing that money which is absolutely needed for
the system as it exists shall not be appropriated
and then leave everything to chance afterward
to make it up. That is no way to begin, because
it is an important system and we have got to
take care of these people in some way or other.
If, therefore, the Senator wishes to substi-
tute the contract system, entirely sweep out
all these hospitals, let us have a well-digested
plan for that purpose, and not begin by stick-
ing out this appropriation which, m the exist-
