1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
40tii Cong...,2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Beps.
of this rebellion, succumbed to Its pretensions,
asserted its inability to stem its advancing tide,
and fled in dismay before its organized efforts.
Here was a Democratic Administration that
held in its grasp the mighty power of a great
nation that would have risen at its patriotic call
like a giant refreshed from sleep—an Admin-
istration possessing the prestige and example
of Andrew Jackson, and sustained by a loyal
and indignant people, lacking no power to pre-
serve the Union; this Administration thatmight
have laid its hands upon the leaders of the re-
bellion, have arrested and imprisoned them,
and used the power of the Government—its
armies and navies—for the purpose of protect-
ing the public property and maintaining the
national integrity, went down in terror on its
knees before this advancing rebellion, and left
to the incoming Administration of Mr. Lincoln
the great task and duty of suppressing an ex-
isting rebellion by repelling the forces of the
insurgents and restoring a divided country.
We all know, sir, how this work has been done.
We all know that from the hour that Jlr. Lin-
coln assumed the reins of Government that
great party upon whose successful tide he came
into power has never failed in word or act to
maintain the integrity of the Union, but has
put forth the whole strength of its party organ-
ization, calling to its aid the nerved patriot-
ism of the country, and successfully carried it
through its terrible trials until it once more
planted our flag high in the temple of the na-
tions. And, sir, let me say that they have done
this in defiance of all the power and the strength
which the national and State organizations of
the Democratic party could bring to bear in
opposition to them, by voting against appropri-
ations of money to carry on the war, and by
resisting coercive measures necessary to a sub-
jugation of the armed hosts of the rebellion.
Its leaders declared all through the war that it
was an unholy, unjust, and "unconstitutional"
war; and solemnly averred in 1864, when the
lines of Grant were encircling Richmond, that
the war was a failure. This Democratic party
has never ceased its opposition nor lost any
opportunity of throwing the whole moral and
political force of its organization in aid of the
rebellion and against the Republican party and
the loyal men of the country who were engaged
with all their energies in attempting to quell it.
Upon this point I defy successful contradiction.
Why, sir, a few mouths before the rebellion
commenced, a Democratic ex-President, a citi-
zen of my own State, in writing to that arch-
traitor, Jefferson Davis, declared, in encour-
agement of the views and efforts which he was
prepared to make against his country, that if
there was to be a struggle over this great ques-
tion of secession'the first blow would be struck
north of Mason and Dixon's line, and that
blow would be in defense of what he termed
"the rights of the South." I assert here, sir,
and it is not capable of truthful contradiction,
that while there were many instances of patriot-
ism in the ranks of the Democratic party—
tnen who rallied to the defense of their coun-
try in tfie hour of its peril—the leaders, the
men who are now assuming to control the
party and are acknowledged as its standard-
bearers, were engaged in the unholy and un-
patriotic work of placing every obstacle in the
way of the Government in its efforts to subdue
the rebellion, and were aiding the enemies of
the Government in their mad scheme of sepa-
ration.
And let me pause here. Mr. Chairman, to
gather up a few Democratic gems by way of
authority for these statements. Hear what Mr.
Pendleton, who seems just now to be par ex-
cellence, if we except, Mr. Yallandigham, the
leader of the western Democracy, has to say
on this subject of maintaining the Union at all
hazards. As early as the 18th day of January,
1861, he spoke in this persuasive style :
"I beg you, gentlemen, who with me represent the
Northwest; you who with me represent the State of
Ohio; you who with mo represent the city of Cincin-
nati; 1 beg you, gentlemen, to hear that voice. If
you will not, if you find conciliation impossible, if
your differences are so great that you cannot or will
not reconcile them, then, gentlemen, let the seceding
sisters depart in peace; let them establish their
government and empire and woik out their destiny
according to the wisdom which God has given them."
Such was the cowardly key-note strack by
this great leader when the bursting flames of
the rebellion were flashing up before the eyes
of a loyal and indignant people. And now,
sir, as I am alluding to the western Democracy
let me introduce another character—a Mr.
Henry Clay Dean, from Iowa, 1 believe, and
whom the Democrats of my State are just now
patronizing, having taken him from his pleas-
ant home in the West to aid in the Democratic
education of the people who dwell in the val-
leys of the Connecticut and Merrimack, and
by the sea. According to a circular which I
have received this gentleman was present at
the McClellan Chicago convention in 18C4,
and spoke in this wise:
"Sinco the day when Ahasuerus issued his edict
for the murder of the Jewish nation a more gigantic
crime has not been recorded than the recent edict of
the ignorant baboon at Washington calling for half
a million moro of your sons and brothers for a fresh
immolation to the abolition god."
"For over three years Lincoln had been calling
for men, and they had been given; but with all the
vast aunics placed at his command he had failed,
failed, faded, failed! Such a failure had never been
known. Such a destruction of human life had never
been known since the destruction of Sennacherib by
the breath of the Almighty; and still the monster
uburper wanted more men for his slaughter-pens.
Ever since the usurper, traitor, nnd tyrant had occu-
pied the presidential chair the Republican paity had
shouted war to the knife, and the knife to the hilt.
Blood had flowed in torrents, and yet the thirst of
the old monster was not quenched. His cry was for
more blood."
But I must not slight my Democratic friends
in New, Hampshire. In May, 1801, the Union
Democrat, one of the ablest of that class of
papers in the State, and then and now in regu-
lar standing with its party, gave us its senti-
ments as follows:
*' Mer* talk of' fighting for the Union.' It is likely
that many believe in that remedy; but is it not pos-
sible that vengeance against the South rather than
love for the Union prompts the fighting which some
are so anxious to do 01 have done? We are very free
to say that we have no faith in the remedy. Upon
whatever grounds wo may vindicate the war it will
not be that the Union may thereby be saved, for we
know better. There is not one chance in a million
that it can have this effect. We will not deal dis-
honestly with our readers. If you think the South
ought to be subjugated, call it that; that the prop-
erty of the nation ought to be repossessed, call it that.
Fight for what you please, but do not call it ' lighting
for tho Union.' Forfighting 1*5 certain to destroy the
Union."
And as the rebellion grew worse and tottered
to its fall, and we were rallying for the final
blow, the editor did not seem to get any
better, for in January, 1805, he says:
"We desire to commit ourselves to the most invet-
erate type ot hostility to this war."
And again :
41 Our first impressions of facts and duties have been
confirmed, and it i* to us a source of pude and satis-
faction that we have done nothing voluntarily to
encourage and support this war."
Mr. Chairman, [ might multiply these exam-
ples of Democratic obstruction in the begin-
ning and progress of the war. but 1 have neither
time nor taste for the task. I will, therefore,
close with a couple of extracts from the lead-
ing Democratic organ in " our county of Rock-
ingham," the States and Union, of May 13 and
July 1-5, 1804 ;
" Whether Grant still thinks he can take Richmond
we know not; but, to uur view, his chan< esare not
remarkably promising. We suppose the fighting may
perhaps still be going on, but it is business the black
infamy of which no tongue can describe.
"If there is any officer of any note in the Federal
Army now invading the southern States who is not a
thief and a robber it would benefit Ins reputation
somewhat if he would stand out somewhere so the
people can look at him. We have come to the con-
clusion that they arc all very nearly alike/'
I have no comments to make on these dis-
gusting specimens of Democratic literature.
They speak for themselves, and the vindication
of history is the only apology I have to make
for their introduction here, in this day when
they are crying aloud for the aid and the votes
of the soldiers of our State.
And here I might diverge from the line of
my remarks to inquire of this House and of
the country who is responsible for the burdens
now resting upon the shoulders of the people
in the shape of heavy taxation and the unset-
tled and disturbed condition of a great portion
of our country. The answer is at hand. It
is the Democratic party, under whose auspices
and during whose administration this war was
inaugurated, and which has persisted in its
opposition to the Republican policy of recon-
struction from the hour when Lee surrendered
his sword to Grant on the soil of Virginia. But
what do we hear said by this party at the present
time? The cry of the Democratic party now
is that the Republicans have caused these
great burdens of taxation. But, aside from the
origin of the war, let the people remember
that had it not been for obstructions throwa
in the way of restoration by the Democracy,
we should to-day be burdened with less than
half the debt that the people of this coun-
try stand bound to pay as a part of the price
of their national existence. I feel justified
in the light of history in declaring that this
rebellion was a Democratic rebellion; that the
opposition to our arms was a Democratic op-
position ; that the rejoicings over our defeats
were Democratic rejoicings ; and that the dis-
appointments at our successes were Demo-
cratic disappointments; that our war burdens
are Democratic burdens; and that the failure
to restore fully the insurgent States is the con-
sequence of Democratic opposition and obstruc-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, fortunate, indeed, would it
have been for the country if this spirit of hos-
tility to the Republican Union party ay.d its
measures during tlie war had ceased with the*
surrender of the rebel forces; fortunate if,
when the rebels had confessed themselves con-
quered and humbled and prostrate before the
proud power of the Government, and when
they were prepared to accept such terms of
restoration as might be dictated to them by
their conquerors, we had found that spirit of
loyalty and patriotism among the Democratic
party and its leaders which would have united
with us in just and prompt measures by which
these rebellious States might have been imme-
diately restored, and which would have made
this Union safe and perpetual in all future
time. But it was not so to be. That party
which had opposed the coercion oftheir "south-
ern brethen," opposed the emancipation proc-
lamation, opposed the arming of negro soldiers,
and which had declared the war a failure, with
restless activity at once organized with the
intent and purpose of undoing so far as they
could what had been accomplished by the
triumphal success of our arms. Sir, from that
day to this no opportunity have they neglected
to obstruct and hinder the restoration of these
States to the Union on the plan adopted by the
Republican party—a plan which aimed to ren-
der justice and give equal rights to all their
citizens. I solemnly believe that the Demo-
cratic party arc at this very hour prepared to
renew this great struggle, even at the risk of
revolution and bloodshed, to the end and for
the purpose of once more attaining party
supremacy in this country. And on this floor
within the last few days the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] has declared the
intention of his party to undo what we have
done for the last three years, to send us back
to the uncertainty, the anarch}*, the chaos of
1805.
Mr. Chairman, we have now a new combi-
nation, actuated by the same spirit and gov-
erned by the same purposes which animated the
Democratic party during the dark hours ot the
rebellion, ft consists, sir, in the first place, ot
the Democratic party proper, headed by such
men as Vallandigham, Pendleton, and others
whom it is unnecessary to name, oi tin* nnpur-
