2664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May 2%
formity thereto, by whicli any .citizen, of either of
the States of this Union shall be excluded from the
enjoyment of any of tho privileges and immunities
to which such citizen is entitled under the Constitu-
tion of the United States."
I take it that, with or without this provision,
the Congress of the United States, the United
States themselves, speaking through any ap-
propriate Department of the Government, had
tho same right to insist upon this that they had
to exist as a Government.
1 The requirement was that a State should do
nothing depriving any citizen—leaving the
question entirely open who was and who
was not a citizen—of any right to which that
citizen was entitled by the Constitution of
the United States. The whole scope of the
enactment was, that in all cases, to be legally
ascertained, of citizens of the United States
entitled as such by the Constitution of the
United States to given rights or immunities,
no law of Missouri should come between the
Constitution of the United States and tho
objects of its operation and protection. I sub-
mit, then, upon the bare statement of the pro-
vision, aside from the reasons for it, clearly
assigned by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, the Missouri case does not aid us in
support of the pending proposition.
The Senator from Pennsylvania well said
that the object aimed at in the case of Missouri
was not to destroy, but to establish her equality
with the other States. I go still farther, and
say that in pursuit even of this object Congress
did not resort to the means here proposed, or
to means in any sense equivalent or similar.
But then we come—and I am following the
legislative and judicial precedents together—•
to a class of cases to which the Senator from
Vermont has so elaborately alluded; and we
are told that they reflect light upon the ques-
tion whether you can admit a State into the
Union, and in the same breath pronounce a
perpetual prohibition against her exercising
iunctions falling exclusively within State power
and prerogative. We are told, inferentially,
at least, that the Supreme Court of the United
States as long ago as 8 Wheaton decided in
the case of Green vs. Biddle, reviewed with
so much apparent minuteness by the Senator,
that such an anomaly was supposable, and
could be legally consummated. I wish to call
attention to that case, and see whether, indeed,
it decides anything in the direction of the ar-
gument of the Senator from Vermont. In the
first place, let me read two or three brief para-
graphs of the head note to show what it was
the court was talking about:
"The compact between Virginia and Kentucky
was aeontract within the eighteenth section of the
first articlc of tho Constitution of the United States."
Here is a misprint, one of various things
showing that this case is loosely reported, and
was, in the first instance at least, rather loosely
treated in court; 1 may as well say just here,
it was an ex parte case, argued only on one
side. The landlord alone appeared in the
Case; the tenant did not appear at all, and no
argument whatever was made in the first in-
stance, which led Mr. Clay, as amicus curia,
being present, to request a reargument, not as
I understand the Senator from Vermont to
think, for fear the prerogatives of the State of
Kenntueky would suffer, but because he said
confusions were likely to arise in land titles.
This led Mr. Clay to request that the case
might be argued on both sides before it was
finally decided, and it was so argued. The head
note is a misprint in referring to the eighteenth
section of the first article of the Constitution.
There is no such section. The reference un-
doubtedly is to the tenth section, ordaining
that States shall not make compacts without
the consent of Congress. But to proceed with
the head note:
"The compact between Virginia and Kentucky
"Was a contract, within the eighteenth section ot the
first article of the Constitution of tho United States.
"It is not neccssary that the consent of Congress
to a compact between two States should be expressed
in any particular form ; and when Congress consented
to tho separation of Kentucky, and its erection into
a State, it must be taken to have consented to the
compact by which tho separation was agreed to bo
made.
"It is not a valid objection to the compact that it
restricts the exorcise of tho legislative power ol Ken-
tucky in certain particulars."
There were two questions certified by the
circuit court, and the case was argued, no
counsel appearing for the defendant, and Judge
Story says, in the outset of his opinion:
"This question depends principally upon tho con-
struction of the seventh articlo of tho compact made
between Virginia, and ICentuckyupon the separation
ot the latter from the former State, that compact
being a part of the constitution of Kentucky. The
seventh article declares/' &c., rcciting it."
Lest I may be tedious in reading let me
state at this point the bearings of the case. A
compact had been made between two States
which related to the title to lands and to bet-
terments, (the court say it is impossible to
separate the two elements,) and the objection
was made, first, that States could not be parties
to contracts, and that, if they made compacts
with each other, the consent of Congress was
necessary, and that such consent had not been
obtained. The court held a provision as to
contracts applied to States; that these two
States had made a compact to which the con-
sent of Congress had been given—not formally
and specifically given at the time, but suffi-
ciently given by the act being ratified and
affirmed. Now, turn to the opinion of Mr.
Justice Washington, and see whether I am
right:
"1. The first objection, says tho judge, is founded
upon tho allegation that tho compact was made
made without the consent ot Congress, contrary to
tho tenth section of the iiist aiticle, which declares
that 'no ytate shall, without the consent of Con-
gress, enter into any ngreenientov compact with an-
other Stato or with a foreign Power.' Let it be
observed, in the fust place, that the Constitution
makes no provision respecting the mode or form in
which the consent of Congress is to be signified, very
properly leaving that matter to the wisdom of that
body, to bo dee ded upon according to tho ordinary
rules of law and of right reason."
Having disposed of that, he says:
"A slight effort to prove that a compact between
two .States is not .a ease within tho meaning of the
Constitution, which speaks of contracts, was made
by the counsel lor tlio tenant, but was not much
pressed."
Disposing of this second suggestion, he
comes to the conclusion of his opinion. How
can it be argued from this ease that tho court
decided or intended to intimate anything on
the question whether Congress may fasten
shackles upon a State in advance and have
them remain there. The only thing in the
whole opinion to which the honorable Senator
from Vermont referred, that I can find is this
casual expression of Judge Story, which, as I
read it and understand it, does not make in
the direction in which the Senator argued:
"As far as we can understand tho construction of
the seventh articlo of the compact contended for by
tbosowlm assert the constitutionality of tiie laws in
question,it is tliatitwas intended to secure to claim-
ants of lands their rights and interests therein by
preserving a determination of their titles by the
laws under which they were acquired. If this be the
true and only import of the articlc it, is a mere nul-
lity; for, by the general principles of law, and from
the necessity of the case, titles to real estate can be
determined only bythe lawsof theStatcunderwhich
they are acquired. Titles to land cannot be acquired
or transferred in any other mode than that proscribed
by the laws of the tenitory where it is situate. Every
Government has, and from the nature of sovereignty
must have, the exclusive right of regulating the de-
scent, distribution, and grants of the domain within
its own boundaries"—
And now come the words which the Senator
read:
"and this right must remain untilit yields it up by
compact or conquest."
Taking the passage together as far as it is a
declaration of anything except by way of pre-
face to tho utterance the judge was about to
make, it seems to me a declaration against the
inference derived from it by the Senator from
Vermont. Suffice it to say there was no point
in judgment like the point here, and the case
did. not, and could not, decide anything mate-
rial to this discussion.
Bift the Senator referred to a variety of other
cases. He referred to what the State of Ohio
had done, and although he did not name the
case, I conclude he referred to the case of the
Piqua Bank vs. Knoop, the treasurer of Miami
county, Ohio, which was argued on one side
in the Supreme Court, in recent years by one
of the oldest members of the other House, Mr.
Spai.dinb, of Ohio. What was that case? I
understood the Senator from Vermont to argue
that it tended to show that in someway a State
may be divested of its constitutional sover-
eignty, or of a portion of it. I have just sent
for the case, and will read the head note:
"In 1845, the. Legislature of Ohio passed a general
banking law, the fitty-ninth section of which required
the officers to make semi-annual dividends, and the
sixtieth required them to set off six per cent, of such
dividends for the use of the State, which sum or
amount so set oif should be in lieu of all taxes to
which the company, or the stockholders therein,
would otherwise bo subject."
That was the case ; and the question upon
which the struggle occurred was this—a point
even more remote than that suggested by the
part of the head-note I have read—whether,
having granted a charter containing the pro-
vision stated, and the stockholders having
accepted it and gone into operation under it,
and set aside their six per cent, in lieu of
taxes, vested rights had ensued insomuch that
they were protected by that provision of the
Constitution of tho United States which says
that no State shall pass any law impairing the
obligation of contracts. That was the point
in the ease, because the Legislature of Ohio'
sought to recall this stipulation and to subject
the banks, like other individuals and corpora-
tions, to a discretianary taxation, and the
banks said, "No; we have accepted this char-
ter, and the charter, together with our accept-
ance, completes a contract, which is sacred,
according to the Constitution of the United
States, and until the charter has run out, and
wo have derived its benefit, you cannot lay
your hands upon us;'! and they went to the
Supreme Court upon that ground, and the
court held that they were right in saying that
it was a contract and they were protected by
the provision of the Constitution to which I
have referred.
But, sir, does this case shed any light upon
the question of fundamental compacts or con-
ditions embracing political powers imposed by
the Government of the United States upon par-
ticular States? I submit not; and yet it leads
to a class of legislative precedents supposed to
be in the line of this discussion, it leads to
those cases like the Maryland ease and several
others—the Cumberland road, I believe, is one;
I speak from general recollection—where Con-
gress said and the State said that certain
property, land in some instances, in some
instances stage coaches running over certain
lines, should not be taxable by the State, or
should be taxable only in one way or another.
There are many of those cases, and they go
back to a principle as old as Maryland vs.
McCulloch, in 4 Wheaton, where the court
said, as they have always said to this day,
without any compact, without any act of Con-
gress, that by the Constitution of the United
States, a State could not tax the mint, could
not tax the custom-house, could not tax the
property and instrumentalities owned by the
United States, by which the Government of
the United States carried on its affairs. Upon
somewhat analogous reasoning it was that
when stage coaches ran on certain lines and
carried the mail, the suggestion was made that
they ought not to be taxed, and should not be
taxed, and it became a matter of contract and
understanding. So of the public lands. All
this is, however, upon a principle distinguish-
able lrom this ease, and presenting a question
the elements of which do not enter into tho
question we are now discussing.
So the eases referred to by the honorable
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] where
acts of admission have said that non-residents
should not be taxed invidiously, more oner-
ously than the residents of the State, they are
jast like the case in that respect of the.Piqna
Bank and the Treasurer of Ohio. The .power
