1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
 ; have been half as scandalous and inde-
cent as the attacks of Congress upon the
President?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if
the gentleman had the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will not detain the
House but a moment. I wish simply to say
now, in order that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bctler] may answer the objec-
tion, that I am opposed to this article for two
reasons. The first is that if the President of
the United States is put on his trial under this
specification it will take a long time, almost
equal, perhaps, if the counsel desire it, to the
Warren Hastings trial, which, I believe, was
about seven years. For that, if for no other
reason, I should be opposed to this article.
The other reason that there is no offense
charged under which a conviction can be had :
the article concludes as follows :
"Which said utterances,declarations, throats.and
harangues, highly censurable in any, and peculiarly
indecent and unbecoming in tlieChief Magistrate of
the United States, by moans whereof said Andrew
Johnson has brought the high office of the President
ofthoUnitcd States into contcmpt, ridicule, anddis-
grace, to thegreat scandal of all good citizens, whereby
said Andrew Johnson,Presidontof the UnitedStatos,
did commit, and was then and there guilty of, a high
misdemeanor 111 office."
Now, sir, there are under the Constitution
but two offenses under which a conviction can
be had, namely: high crimes and misdemeanors.
Neither of these is charged in this article, it
is not a crime or misdemeanor in the Presi-
dent to bring himself into public obloquy be-
fore the people by reason of his improper
speech. It is not a crime for him to make re-
marks when "swinging round the circle1' or
elsewhere, that may be distasteful to the Con-
gress of the United States or that may bo very
improper. I have yet to learn that the Pres-
ident of the United States, or any civil officer,
can be impeached, except for a high crime or
misdemeanor. The gentleman will not pre-
tend that he has set forth either in this article.
He only states that the President had brought
himself into public disgrace by reason of pub-
lic speeches which he made before the country.
Now, all I ask of my friend is that he will so
frame lus article that at least the Senate, sitting
as a high court of impeachment, may entertain
it as being properly charged.
Mr. BUTLEli. Mr. Speaker, I am glad
that this old dogma of non-liability to impeach-
ment for indictable crimes that I had supposed
was dead and buried—I knew it stunk [laugh-
ter]—this idea that the President can only be
impeached because he has committed some
indictable crime, has resurrected itself once
more, so that I shall be able for the first time
to get a fair blow at it. What is the proposi-
tion of those gentlemen who insist lhat the
President can be impeached for those acts only
which are indictable as crimes under some
statute ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to say to the
gentleman 
Mr. BUTLER. I decline to yield. Now,
what is this proposition ? The proposition is
this, that for the lowest degree of indictable
crime, to wit: an assault and battery, or, as a
friend suggests, selling liquor without license,
the President of the United States may be im-
peached, but he cannot be impeached when lie
usurps the liberties of the people, because there
is no indictment under any statute against that.
He may be impeached for selling liquor with-
out a license, but he cannot be impeached if
he gets into an .open barouche with two aban-
doned women, one on each side of him, roaring
diunk, and lides up and down Pennsylvania
avenue, because there is no statute that I know
of against that. He cannot be impeached for
any violation of public decency which does not
happen to be an indictable crime. lie cannot
be impeached for debasing his high office. The
statement of this proposition is its best refuta-
tion. Here let me say to my friend from Ver-
mont that I have notcharged in this article that
the President has brought himself into ridicule
and contempt. If he had only done that I
should have been quite willing to let him go
unpunished, [laughter,] but I do say that he
broughtthe high office which he fills—no, which
he occupies—into sovereign disgrace, ridicule,
and contempt, so that it is hardly respectable
for a decent man to fill hereafter ; and is not
that an impeachable misdemeanor? I do not
stand upon this point on the weight of author-
ity of my own words alone. I stand upon the
authority of one of the best lawyers that ever
sat upon the bench, Judge Story, of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, who uses
these words to define what is impeachable:
" It is a proceeding, probably the fairest that could
bo devised, by which the people, through the action
of that branch of the Government which most directly
and fully represents themselves, call in question the
iitness of their public officers, and dismiss them if
unfit."—Story on the Constitution, see. 810.
Now, is there any one in this House, or out-
side of this House anywhere in the country,
who would vote that Andrew Johnson is a
"fit" man-to be President of the United
States? Who will say "ay" to that any-
where? This article has been drawn exactly
within the precedent of Judge Chase's case.
Of all the great lawyers who defended Judge
Chase—and lie had one, Mr. Wirt, who argued
two days in succession for him—no one ven-
tured to say to the Senate that that article; if
proved, was not a misdemeanor within the
provisions of the Constitution.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question simply.
Mr. BU l'LER. Oh, I yield for a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is all I wish. I
desiie to ask if the opinion of Judge Story,
which lie has quoted, is not in direct conflict
with the decision of the United States Supreme
Court upon this very point?
Mr. BUTLER. I can answer that. No,
sir; 110. The Supreme Court never has de-
cided that question. They have decided a
great many.other things, but not that. It is
not within their jurisdiction to decide it. This
great question is to be decided only here at
first, and lastly in the highest court in the
land, the Senate of the United Stales, sitting
in its judicial capacity, for I will not use the
phrase "as a high court of impeachment."
If the Supreme Court should undertake to
decide it its decision should be brushed away
as a cobweb, because that court can have no
jurisdiction over the question, for the judges
themselves are liable for that very opinion to
be impeached before that higher court, the
Senate of the United States, sitting ag a court
upon a question of impeachment.
Now, a single word upon the other point
suggested by the gentleman from Vermont,
whether we can afford to give to this question
the needed time. I repeat that while we have
in the articles which we already have presented
good, strong law, good, indictable crimes, and
in one or two of them, I doubt whether crimes,
but still impeachable misdemeanors, yet we
have only presented to the Senate and country
the bones and sinews of the offenses of An-
drew Johnson. I want to clothe those naked
bones and sinews with flesh, enliven them
with blood, and show hiin as he is, the living,
quivering sinner that he is, before this coun-
try. Why, sir, hereafter, when posterity'shall
come to examine our proceedings of this day,
if they read only the articles which we have
heretofore presented, they will wonder why,
even with so good a case as we have upon
mere questions of technical law, we under-
took, without other provocation, to bring this
prosecution against a good and great man, as
the President, without other proof or allegation,
ought to be presumed to have been.
Now, if ou the same page with all these
technical offenses we spread upon the record
liis character, described in living words which
shall burn like fire, as spoken by himself then
if, in the' language of a Democratic friend of
his, we send '' Andrew Johnson down to pos-
terity as a representative man of this age,"
we shall also put on him a label, which shall
stick to him for all time, to describe of what
manner of man lie was. When the ephemeral
publications of this day shall have passed away
and been forgotten then his great crimes will
escape meti's minds, and they will remember
only his great fall and condign punishment,
and wonder at the apparent and comparative
liarmlessness of his offenses as they stand re-
corded, unless we show them the man as he is
and is known to us liis contemporaries.
But if we place this article side by side with
the articles setting forth his technical crimes
we show to all posterity the justification for
our action; and they will only wonder why we
bore with him so long. If we leave the articles
as they now stand posterity may well wonder
why we struck him at all. If we add this
article they will wonder why we were so patient
and long suffering.
I now yield for a few minutes to my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] one of the mana-
gers, and then I shall feel myself constrained
to bring this House to a vote on this article by
calling the previous question.
The SPEAKER. For how longa time does
the gentleman yieid?
Mr. BUTLER. I will ask the gentleman
from Iowa how long a time lie wants?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suppose I can
say all I desire to say in ten minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. I would inquire of the
Chair how much time I now have?
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour will
expire in thirty-five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa for the time he asks, ten min-
utes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Btiti.er] stated, when
he rcpoi ted this ariicle to the House, that one
member of the board of managers dissented
from it. I am that dissenting member. I be-
lieve that the* case embraced in the articles
adopted yesterday is one on which we can con-
vict Andrew Johnson, Presidentof the United
States, and dismiss him from his office. I hava
faith in the completeness of that case. I am
free to say, as was said by the chairman of the
committee on the preparation of articles of
impeachment, [Mr. Boctweix,] when they
were first presented to this House, that if we
cannot obtain a conviction on those articles
we will not probably obtain a conviction on
any.
But, in order to satisfy some gentlemen who
thought that we had better have something
more embraced in the case to be presented by
the House, 1 have agreed to one more article,
which has not yet been reported from the board
of managers. That goes as far toward open-
ing the door for a prolongation of this pro-
ceeding as I feel willing to go.
It must be remembered that while we con-
trol the proceeding in its present stage, and
may prolong it or cut it short at our will, when
we enter upon this trial before the Senate as a
board of impeachment we will have control
of but one side of the case. We are not to
determine what questions the counsel for the
defense may raise, how many they may raise,
how much time they may take in their consider-
ation, what witnesses may be introduced, or
what evidence they may offer. That belongs
to them and for the court to determine. There-
fore, while, as I have said, we can now control
the matter here, we will have control of butone
side of the case when we come before the Senate.
Again, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] says that he has a precedent for
this article in the case of the impeachment of
Justice Chase. But does not the gentleman
remember the result which the court reached
upon-lhat article? It resulted in the acquittal
of Judge Chase. If, then, the precedent is
worth anything at all. it is worth something as
a warning to us not now to try in the Senate
that which failed there once before.
I would also call the attention of the gen-
tlemau from Massachusetts to this difference
between the Chase case and the ease of the
