140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Stevens.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
doned and unrepentant rebels of the South,
and last of the Administration of Andrew John-
son. Thus a new coalition has been formed lor
the purpose of utterly defeating the Republican
policy of reconstruction. The point of their
resistance at this hour is the measures which
Congress by a lawful majority has adopted for
the restoration of the insurgent States upon a
basis of equality and justice to all loyal citi-
zens. I need only allude to these measures,
sir, for they have been before the country so
long and have been discussed so thoroughly
that their main purposes, as well as their prin-
cipal features, are fully understood by every
intelligent man. The purpose of this coalition
is to wield the vast power and patronage of the
Government to defeat these measures and event-
ually restore the rebels at the South to power,
disfranchising and crushing out its loyal citizens.
Our opponents declare that we have no au-
thority or power to legislate for these States.
They place their opposition, to be sure, on dif-
ferent grounds, but the most specious of all is
that which declares that these States during all
the time they were in rebellion were in all
respects still "States within the Union," their
constitutions in full force, their citizens en-
titled to all the rights they ever had under those
constitutions, and holding the same legal and
constitutional relations to the Union as before
the rebellion.
Now, sir, it might be sufficient answer to say
that every department of the Government has
hitherto disputed this doctrine both by word
and act. livery department of this Govern-
ment has solemnly declared that the civil gov-
ernments of those States were by the acts of
the citizens of the several States disturbed in
their relations to the Union and had forfeited
to a greater or less extent their rights as mem-
bers of the Union. Why, sir, even a distin-
guished Senator from Indiana, who a few days
since declared that the rebel States had never
ceased to be States in the Union, and that their
constitutions had never been abrogated by any
act, and that legally their relations with the
Union were undisturbed, made that declara-
tion in the face and eyes of his own vote in the
Senate less than four years ago. Let me call
the attention of the House to that vote.
On the 1st day of July, 1804, the Senate of
the United States adopted this resolution :
"That when the inhabitants of any State have
been declared in a state of insurrection against the
United States by proclamation ot the President by
force and virtue of the act entitled 'An act further
to provide for the collection of duties on imports, and
for other purposes,' approved July 13,186], they sha 11
be, and are hereby, declared to bo incapable oi cast-
ing any vote for electors of President or Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, or of electing Senators or
Representatives in Congress until said insurrection
in said State is suppressed or abandoned, and said
inhabitants have returned to their obedience to the
Government of the United States, nor until such
return to obedience shall be declared by proclama-
tion of the President, issued by virtue of an act of
Congress hereafter to be passed, authorizing the
same."
Upon which the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendkicks] gave an affirmative vote. On Ihe
8th day of February, 1865, he again voted for
the following resolution:
" Whereas the inhabitants and local authorities of
the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Xexas, Arkansas, and Tennessee rebelled against
the (loverninent of the United States, and were in
such condition on the 8th day of November. 1861.
that no valid election for electors of President and
Vice 1 resident of the United States, according to the
Constitution and laws thereof, was held therein on
said day: Therefore,
"Beil resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, Th&t the States mentioned in the preamble
to this joint resolution are not entitled to represent-
ation in the Electoral College for the choice of Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States for the
term of office commencing on the 4th day of March,
1863; and no electoral votes shall be received or
counted from said States concerning the choice of
President and Vice President for said term of office."
Thus we see, Mr. Chairman, that a most
distinguished leader of the Democratic party
in the Senate has declared on two several oc-
casions that these rebellious States, so far from
being sovereign States in the Union with all
their rights intact and inviolate, had, in fact,
ceased to be States in the Union having the
right to take part in the election of President
and Vice President. Sir, what kind of a State
is that which has no right to share in the lead-
ing and paramount privilege which belongs to
the people of every loyal State, of participating
in the election of the two highest officers within
the gift of the people? When the distinguished
gentleman denied by his share in this solemn
enactment the right of these States to partici-
pate in that election and to be counted in the
Electoral College ho declared in effect that
these States were no longer States in full and
unimpaired relations with the Union—that
they had not the rights which they possessed
previous to the war, but had forfeited them by
the acts and treason of their citizens. Let the
people of my own State, to whom this speech,
4 learn, is being sent by thousands, understand,
when they read it by their firesides and in the
light of their intelligence, that the author ol it
has declared by his vote in the Senate that the
proposition which he now enunciates as a part
of the Democratic platform has no foundation
either in law or lact.
But, sir, we do not stop there. The Supreme
Court of the United States has declared these
States and their people to be " enemies." In
the case of the Brilhante, which may be found
in 2 Black, the couit sa)s :
" When the regular course of justice is interrupted
by revolt, rebellion, or nibui reetion,so that the courts
of justice cannot bo kept open, civil war existn, and
hostilities may be prosecuted on the same footing as if
those opposing the Uo\ eminent were foreign enemies
invading the land."
And again, in the same case, the court says:
"The law of nations is also called the law of na-
ture * 1 . * "and it contains no such
anomalous doetrineas they are now, lor the first tnuc,
desired to pronounce, to wit: that insurgents who
have risen in rebellion against their sovereign, ex-
pelled her courts, established a revolutionary govern-
ment., organized armies, and commenced hostilities,
aro not enemies because tlicy arc traitors; and a war
levied on the Government by traitors in order to dis-
member and destroy it is not a war because it is an
'insunectioil.'"
Thus we see that the Supreme Court has de-
clared these States and their citizens ''ene-
mies," and 4 ask, sir, what right has an enemy
at war with this Government except the right
to be treated as such according to the rules of
civilized warfare; and when lie surrenders to
the conquering power is he not by every rule
of law subject to the will of the conqueror?
Can such ene my be said to be a sovereign State ?
Nor do we stop here, sir. I might cite here,
against this proposition of the Democratic
party, the whole course of our legislation in
this regard, where Congress 1ms by repeated
acts dealt with these rebellious States as public
enemies in the measures which were adopted
for carrying forward the war to a successful
result. And if we resort fur authority to the
executive department of the Government, we
find it enunciated with the utmost clearness and
precision by the President himself that these
States "are without any civil government;"
for he declares in his proclamation appointing
a provisional governor for North Carolina, ill
1865, (and which has been more fully recited
in the very valuable speech of my colleague,
Mr. Ela,) that the rebellion had in its revolu-
tionary progress " deprived the people of that
State of all civil government." This is the
language of Andrew Johnson, and it is per-
haps as complete an answer to the positions
taken by him in his last annual message as
could be afforcfed by any official declaration.
But aside from this, and as if to strengthen and
intensify his expressed opinion, the very act
of President Johnson in undertaking to estab-
lish governments iu these rebel States by vir-
tue of his executive authority is the strongest
admission, nay, the strongest assertion, that
could be derived from executive action of the
abrogation of the governments which existed
at the commencement of the rebellion, and of
the absence of any government which, under
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
Congress was bound to recognize.
Mr. Chairman, I take no delight in citing
these changes of opinion in high places, and
especially, sir, when they relate to such im-
portant and solemn affairs of state, and touch
so nearly and affect so deeply the peace, pros-
perity, and common welfare of our beloved
country. But 4 hold it to be a high and solemn
duty to do what 4 can in my humble sphere to
justify and uphold before my constituents and
before the country that view of public affairs
and those principles of action which lie at the
foundation of the measures of restoration in-
augurated and sustained by the Republican
party, and which commend themselves so
strongly to my own judgment. And therefore
I have spread out before you to-day briefly, but
clearly, 4 trust, this record of individual and
official opinion and action, which proves con-
clusively that we are in accord with, and that
our action is based upon, the identical principle
in regard to the status of these rebel States,
which controlled the action of every depart-
ment of Government during the war, and up to
that unfortunate hour when the defection of
Mr. Johnson originated motives in high places
for an abandonment of this safe and constitu-
tional rule of action. And, sir, i present this
evidence of the eaily views and acts of the
President as a complete and perfect answer to
the sjiecious reasoning, the false assumptions,
and the unwarranted conclusions put forth in
his last annual message.
And now, what boots it that these men have
changed ? Suppose the distinguished Senator
from 1 ndiana now declares, as he has in liis
speech, that during all the years of the rebel-
lion these constitutions continued to exist in
all their integrity, and that when peace came
it found the State with its constitution and laws
unrepealed and in full force, and holding and
binding that State to the Federal Union. Sup-
pose the President of the United States now
asserts the same doctrine, and maintains that,
these rebel States are entitled to representa-
tion in Congress under their present laws,
which were made in pursuance of his own
authority. Suppose even the Supreme Court
should decide in conflict with its former opin-
ion to the same effect, which i do not believe
they will do. This retraction of former senti-
ments, well considered and distinctly enunci-
ated, is only another instance of many in the
history of political disturbances of the sudden
departure from first principles and lirst declar-
ations. All this can furnish no reason why
the liepublican party should give the lie to
its former utterances, should depart from its
settled principles or rules of action, and by its
indifference or neglect give over these rebel
States and their new-born citizens, loyal as
they have proved themselves to bo through
four years of civil war, to the tender mercies
of unpardoned and unrepentant rebels.
No, sir; we see clearly in the light of this
history that the legislative, the executive, and
the judicial departments of the Government
have heretofore united in declaring the condi-
tion of these rebej States as one of disturbed
relations to the Union, as that of enemies, and
as States without civil government. And now,
sir, it is as^ clear as the light of heaven that
whoever of all these high authorities shall
to-day declare that, the .status of these States is
the same that it was before the rebellion; that
they have by lajing down their arms been
restored to all their rights as they existed
before the war, and are now entitled to assume
all the functions of States within the Union;
are_ retracting their own words, faltering in
their former purposes, denying their declara-
tions, and assuming that "bv tins great war,
which has cost so much blood and treasure,
unpardoned traitors and public enemies have
forfeited no rights, but are still clothed in all
