THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %
ing state of things, is absolutely necessary to
the support of the seamen. That is what I
object to. I will, if I remain in Congress long
enough, go with the Senator to examine this
system thoroughly, and if there are errors in
it that ought to be corrected, to correct them,
. dispose of the hospitals we do not need, sub-
stitute the contract system where it will be
more advantageous; but to strike out at once
an appropriation that is absolutely necessary
for the system as it exists, is, in my judgment,
not wise legislation, and is not the right end
to begin at, because there is nothing provided
to make up for what is absolutely necessary.
Mr. DRAKE. I want to make a suggestion
to the honorable Senator from Wisconsin about
this matter which, perhaps, may have some
weight with him.' I think the principal objec-
tion which has existed to these hospitals has
grown out of the want of efficient superintend-
ence of them. They have been very much
more expensive heretofore than there was any
necessity for, the custom-house officers having
the matter put into their hands of providing
for them without understanding that business.
To remedy that difficulty the Senate has passed
at the last session a bill authorizing the ap-
pointment of a supervising surgeon, whoseduty
it shall be to examine the condition of all these
hospitals, to supervise the operations of them,
and the supplies for them. I would suggest to
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin whether
it would not be wiser, in regard to this matter,
to wait until such an officer as that has had the
subject in hand long enough to investigate the
condition of them and to put us in the right
track for remedying any objections that may
have existed heretofore to the system.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to any
more economical disposition that can be made
of sailors who have become disabled or sick in
the service, but this proposed rejection of the
appropriation will be followed, as I see, by no
provision whatever for them. These hospitals
are established, 1 believe, by particular laws,
and it appears to me the proper way to effect
a remedy would be by reorganizing the system,
modifying the laws, aud not by withholding an
appropriation. There is one of these estab-
lishments at San Francisco, a very largo ma-
rine hospital, established by the General Gov-
ernment. It has been in use a long time, and
has generally been well filled with patients.
If the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin should prevail, it seems to me it must
necessarily result in closing it up, and of
course in great distress to the inmates of the
hospital. I presume the appropriation of
$150,000 may be sufficient. 1 am willing to
agree to that reduction which has been made,
but 1 am opposed to striking out the appropri-
ation entirely.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I call attention to the
fact that here are the Senator from Maine,
the Senator from California, and the Senator
from Missouri, insisting upon this appropria-
tion of $150,000, and insisting upon it simply
because yon have got so many hospitals to take
care of, and not because you have got so many
seamen to take care of. The Secretary of the
Treasury says that you can take care of the
seamen without any money from the national
Treasury if you will add ten cents a month out
of the funds of the seamen.
The Senator from Maine says here is a sys-
tem arid you are in danger of disturbing the
system by suddenly cutting off this appropria-
tion ; that the true way to effect a reform is to
see how many hospitals you can dispense with,
and then when you have dispensed with these
see how much money you want out of the
Treasury. Mr. President, in answer to that,
I call his attention and that of the Senate to
the fact that more than half a dozen times
since 1846, when you made your first appro-
priation to this fund, you have made no appro-
priation at all. You did not make any appro-
priation in 18(55, not a dollar to this fund, and
the seamen did not suffer; at least if they did,
we did not hear of it.
And yet it is suggested that if you do not
make this appropriation .while you are investi-
gating the system the seamen will suffer. No,
sir; let the hospitals stand; let the seamen
occupy them if those who contract to take care
of them think they can take care of them there
the cheapest. All I propose to do is to with-
hold this appropriation which you have de-
monstrated over, and over again is not neces-
ssary, and then to add to the seamen's fund ten
cents a month more than you now collect from
it. That, the Secretary says, will take care of
them, and take better care of them than has
been taken of them heretofore. Then you
can make up your minds at your leisure
whether your hospitals are necessary or not.
My amendment has nothing to do with them ;
it will not destroy them ; it will not dissipate
them; it leaves them where they are.
Mr. COLE. The estimates are based on
some information which the Department has
on the subject.
Mr. HOWE. The Secretary of the Treasury
has nothing to do with the estimates. His
board submit the sum they want, and they ask
$200,000 this year because they had it before.
Mr. COLE. I presume they are able to give
good reasons why the appropriation should be
made.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Conkling,
Conness, Edmunds, Howe, McCreery, Trumbull,
Wade. Williams, and Yates—Jl.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Drake, i'essenden, Fowler, Frelmghuysen, Harian,
McDonald, Morgan, Mouill of Maine, Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Kamsey, Ross, Stewart,
Sumner, Yickers, and Welch—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Itice, Saulsbur.v, Sherman, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton,
Van Winkle, Wiliey, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed. and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message from the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 347) to confirm the title of Ethan Ray
Clarke and Samuel Ward Ciarke to certain
lands in the State of Florida, claimed under a
grant from the Spanish Government.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1206) to restore
to certain parties their rights under the laws
and treaties of the United States ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
Themessagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and jointresolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 411) for the relief of
Almira Wyeth;
A bill (H. R. No. 523) granting a pension
to James S. Todd ;
A bill_ (H. R. No. 671) granting a pension
to the widow of Henry Kaneday ;
A bill (H. R. No. 775) granting a pension
to Rebecca .Tane ICinsel;
A bill (H. R. No. 780) for the relief of
Martha M. Jones, administratrix of Samuel
T. Jones;
#A bill (H. R. No. 1129) for the relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A. Mul-
ligan, deceased; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 312) relative to
the pay of the Assistant Librarian of the House.
pension bills.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-roll
of the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (H. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George
II. Waters ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 663) granting a pension
to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (H. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler;
A bill (FI. R. No. 666) granting a pension
to Henry H. Hunter;
A bill (H. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Holtnan:
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps;
A bill (H. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles W.
Wilcox ;
A bill (H. R. No. 676) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly;
A bill (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatherly;
A bill (II. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John H. Finlay ;
A bill (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice;
A bill (II. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John L. Lay;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald; and
A bill (H. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes:
And asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bills, and
appointed Mr. Sidney Perham of Maine, Mr.
J. F. Benjamin of Missouri, and Mr. G. F.
Miller of Pennsylvania, managers at the con-
ference on its Dart.
On mo.tion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the message received
from the House of Representatives informing
the Senate of its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bills of the House
last named.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said last-named bills, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing votes of tho two Houses on the
said bills.
Ordered, That the conferees on the partof the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Van Winkle, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr.
Edmunds.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the bill (S.
No. 349) granting aid in the construction of a
railroad from the town of Vallejo to Hum-
boldt bay, in the State of California,was reeum-
mittcd to the Committee on Public Lands.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1206) to restore to cer-
tain parties their rights under the laws and
treaties of the United States was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
electoral votes op late rebel states.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider Senate joint resolution
No. 139, relating to the counting of electoral
votes.
Mr. SUMNER, I wish,to remind my friend
