1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of taxation is undoubtedly one of the high
illustrations of sovereignty; but in certain
quantities, in particular instances, in its appli-
cation to particular subjects, it may be regu-
lated or exercised by contract, and so the
Supreme Court has held over and over again.
I recollect a case argued by the honorable
Senator from Maryland before me, [Mr. John-
son,] a case to which, if I mistake not, he
referred not a great while ago in the debate in
the case of Nebraska. I will read a remark
made by the Senator from Maryland. The
Senator from Vermont on that occasion sug-
gested "but taxation is a sovereign power."
The Senator from Maryland said :
" A right, too. She had a right to tax. She is to
judge herself whether she will cxccute the power;
but the power necessarily involves the support of the
State. The State government must be supported,
and the only mode of supporting it is through some
form of taxation. It was contended in the two cases
to which I have referred, that the State could not
part with the taxing power. The answer which the
Supreme Coui t gave, and theanswerwas satisfactory
to the whole bench on cach occasion, was, that the
State could enter into a contract in relation to any
subject which did not impair her sovereignty and
take away her ability to hold an equal place among
her sister States; and as she could do it in relation
to the two subjects to which I have adverted after
she came in, she could do it the moment of coming
in."
That is, she can agree to say to a particular
corporation, or class of corporations, or indi-
viduals, "In lieu of undetermined and fluctu-
ating taxes, we will accept so much," or she
may say to a certain cl.iss of individuals, as the
State of New York has said: "If you will
enlist as soldiers and form uniformed com-
panies, your property to the extent of five
hundred or one thousand dollars shall be ex-
empt for seven years, or forever." Does any-
body doubt that the State of New York' had
the power to say that? The question arose
there as it did in the case of Ohio, whether
having said it, and a subsequent Legislature
having repealed the act, the act of repeal was
constitutional or not; in other words, whether
the transaction had become a contract which
was sacred by the Constitution of the United
States; but as to the power of the State 
Mr. JBCCKALEW. IIow was it decided?
Mr, CONKLING. Well, sir, I regret to tell
• the Senator how it was decided, as I made a
very long struggle myself in the case and suc-
ceeded until we reached the court of appeals,
and the court of appeals held that it was not a
case fallipg within the principle of the Ohio
case, but that it was an act constantly subjcct
to revision and repeal, and that although the
militiamen were exempt, while the law stood,
from taxation, as everybody admitted they
were, a subsequent Legislature having stepped
in and repealed it, all after the repeal fell un-
der the ordinary obligation to pay taxes. But
in that ease no man, judge, or counsel, ever
challenged the right or power of the State to
part in so far, while it chose, with its right to
tax these individuals^ or this class of individ-
uals. It is an illustration which neveroccurred
to me in this connection until this moment, but
it brings out, it seems to me, the distinction
between the cases of which the Senator from
Vermont has been speaking, and such cases as
he must find in order to vindicate the position
assumed for the pending proposition.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say a word
more, particularly about other passages in the
legislative history of the country. It was said
the other day by some Senator that Nevada
was an instance, if Missouri was not, of the
imposition of fundamental conditions like this.
Sir, that is an entire mistake. The statement
was accepted at the time ; but I have looked,
and 1 find the case of Nevada was simply this;
an enabling act for Nevada was passed, which
act provided that, upon a constitution being
presented, and other things being done, the
President of the United States should issue a
proclamation, upon which the State should be
deemed admitted to the Union; and such be-
came the historical fact. The enabling act,
provided as a condition-precedent—mark the
distinction; there arc other distinctions, but
this one is abundant for the purpose—that the
constitution—no, sir, I beg pardon; not even
the constitution; it did not go so far—that
the convention, by an ordinance, should declare
first, second, and third, specifying, among
other things, that involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime, should not exist in
the State. There, you perceive, was an en-
abling act giving notice to these people, "If
you wish to be admitted you must come with
a constitution declaring so and so." If the
ordinance in that case is to be treated as
equivalent to the constitution, and, for the
sake of argument, I will admit that itis, " You
must come with a constitution which, at the
time it speaks to us, holds this language in
these respects;" but not "You must come
with a constitution which Congress decrees
shall, like the laws of the Medes and Persians,
be immutable forever in such respects as Con-
gress shall point out." There was no such
language as that, although had that been done
it would not present this precise question. But
that was the ease of Nevada, and that is all of
it in this behalf.
Now, we come to the next case in the order
of history, and nobody has referred to it in this
debate. I suggest it to the attention of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner.] Sometime ago the State of Tennes-
see, which had been in the category of these
other States—there are ten now ; there were
eleven then—came here for admission, and this
same proposition was presented, of imposing
upon Tennessee fundamental conditions iden-
tical in substance with the fundamental condi-
tion here proposed, and the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts offered such a proposition
which I have before me. These are its words :
" Provided, That this shall not take effect except
upon the fundamental condition that within thoState
there shall be no denial ot the electoral franchise or
of any other lights on account of color or race, but
all persons shall be equal belore the law, and the
Legislature of the State, byasolemn public act,shall
declare the assent of the State to this fundamental
condition, and shall transmit to the President of the
United States an authentic-copy ol such a^sentwhen-
over the same shall be adopted, upon the prompt
receipt whereof, he shall, by proclamation, announce
the iact, whereupon, without any further proceed-
ings onthepartot Congress, this jointrcsolutioiishall
take effect."
The Senate was then intent upon a very inter-
esting juncture, a very grave measure; Ten-
nessee was the pioneer returning State of
the eleven which had been deranged. The
form of substance of her restoration to rela-
tions with the Union was very fully discussed
upon its merits, both of law and fact; and how
think you, Mr. President, the judgment of the
Senate stood then upon the propriety, the
power, the wisdom of attempting to impose
suehaprovision? Four Senators, andfouronly,
voted in the affimative, and thirty-four voted
against it on a call of the yeas and nays. I
have no idea that the argument in truth is any
stronger now than it was then, nor have I any
idea, without any disrespect to the State of
Tennessee, that any greater risk, if risk there
be, is to bo run in the case of Arkansas, look-
ing to the ultimate future, than was incurred in
the case of Tennessee.
Mr. MOIITON. I should like, with the per-
mission of the Senator from New York, to ask
him a question which I shall be glad to have
him answer.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be glad to do it
if I can.
Mr. MORTON. Suppose, when Florida
comes here for admission, being small in pop-
ulation and without prospect of very rapid
increase, we should say to Blorida, "These
small States have too much power in the Sen-
ate and we will agree to admit you only upon
condition that you shall never send but one
United States Senator here.'' I ask if she
would not have as much right to agree to that
condition of admission as to agree that she will
surrender her right to regulate the elective
franchise.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I make
this response: the Senator need add but one
element to his question to make it a self-evi-
dent- proposition. He need only include in his
premises the supposition that the Constitution
of the United States gives to a State the right
to control the elective franchise as clearly as
it confers equal representation in the Senate
and the demonstration is absolute. The only
way to avoid the logic of his inquiry, it seems
to me, is to deny that the right to regulate the
elective franchise is one of the prerogatives of
a State. This is my answer. If it be true
that regulating the right to vote within certain
limits, which I will endeavor to define in a
moment, falls within the province of a State,
then I should be compelled to answer that any
argument which would prove the right and the
validity of the condition here proposed would
prove the possibility, if not the propriety, of
the encroachment suggested by the honorable
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. President, as I have no secrets about
this matter in any of its phases, although I had
no intention of saying anything about it, I have
no hesitation in stating my opinion upon the
whole matter of the question of the Senator
from Indiana. Without going back of the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution, be
it ratified now or about to be ratified, it seems
to me clear that by the unmistakable force of
its language the regulation of suffrage in the
States belongs to the States themselves. I
know there are Senators who differ with me;
I know there are Senators here who believe
that the guarantee clause of the Constitution
goes so far as to justify them in differing with
me, and their argument, if I understand it, is
this: the Constitution of the United States
provides that the United States shall guaranty
to every State a republican form of govern-
ment; ergo, whenever Congress sees in a State
such a regulation of suffrage as, in the judg-
ment of Congress, is anti republican, Congress
may interpose as it pleases; in this instance,
of course, by means of what is called a funda-
mental compact, to correct the evil. Now,
sir, in all instances it is easy to put extreme
cases ; and the advocates of this doctrine, with
very little ingenuity, can put eases which, I
think we should all agree, sustain their prop-
osition. Suppose, for example, some Slate
should enact that voting at elections should
be confined exclusively to men worth $5,000,-
000 and upward, or should establish some
other test of the right to vote which palpably
would exclude the great mass of mankind in
that State, would leave in the State of Now
York, for example, twenty men to exert the
whole elective power of the State; there would
be a case so strong, not because it related to
suffrage necessarily, but because of the prac-
tical effect produced, as to enable a fair tribu-
nal to say, "this is anti-republican; it is a
condition of things which calls upon the Uni-
ted States to interfere, not because it relates
to the suffrage necessarily, but because the
practical effect of it is to transform this Gov-
ernment from a republican Government, op-
erating by general suffrage, into an aristocracy
so extreme and odious that its character is
unmistakable." In such an event I think my
honorable friend from Indiana will agree with
me, a case would arise to which the guarantee
clause of the Constitution would apply, but
not, I repeat, necessarily because the particu-
lar instrumentality resorted to to subvert repub-
lican government and establish aristocracy was
the elective franchise, but because by some
reason, by some means, no matter what, that
effect had been produced and that end had
been accomplished.
But, Mr. President, I was proceeding with
the legislative history of the country, which
we have been told in the course of this debate
has sanctified the bill before us; which, we
have been told, has repeatedly affirmed thfe
power now insisted on, and which, one Sen-
ator added, had always been treated with
respect and received with acquiescence. I have
been endeavoring to show, coming down to
the case of Tennessee, that no such thing ap-
pearing in the annals of the country as far down
as I have traced them, has been maintained
successfully, except in reference to questions
