1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
the panoply of American citizenship. Sir, I
repudiate, the Republican party repudiates,
these new and false doctrines. I care not who
falters, we shall not; I care not who, in this
great crisis, proves false, the Republican party
of Congress will prove true, not only to its own
policy, but to the early declarations and policy
of every branch of the national Government.
I am aware that confusion sometimes arises
out of the question which is so often put to us,
" whether these rebel States are in or out of
the Union." Let us not be misled or dismayed
by the use of phrases in themselves figurative.
I hold, sir, that it does not follow that because
a State has abrogated its form of government
or destroyed its domestic or municipal institu-
tions, or by its acts become a public enemy, it
is necessarily "out of the Union," as that
phrase is properly understood and interpreted.
It may, in fact, sever its connection and iso-
late its people by force of arms from the Union
so far that the national Government may not
be able to control its people or hold possession
of its territory. Such was actually the case
for a time in some of the States during the
rebellion. Yet, I hold that each and all of
those States, in one sense, remained in the
Union, and were theoretically and legally a
part of the United States. The vicissitudes
of war cannot destroy the rights of the General
Government any more than the civil condition
of the Territory or people of a State can affect
its authority, though such vicissitudes may
seriously affect the condition of traitors or in-
surgents. Let us examine this question with
a view to its answer.
A State, or, more properly speaking, the
people of a State, have the power to alter,
amend, or abolish their constitution. I sup-
pose no one will deny that. But such amend-
ments or abrogation of its constitution does
not necessarily take it beyond the operation
of a paramount law of the United States. We
may still occupy its territory, we may still col-
lect our duties at its ports and our taxes from
its people. We may arrest, try, and punish its
citizens under the laws of the United States,
and do everything within its territory which
is required to' assert and maintain the power
of the Union under our Constitution. We
may say, indeed, that no State has the right to
secede from the Union, and I think we may
say correctly that she has no legal power to
secede, which means, correctly speaking, that
she has no power to take her territory or her
subjects from under the control and authority
of the United States and the jurisdiction of the
Constitution and laws thereof. In that sense
the people of a State remain in the Union.
But 1 think it a gross absurdity to say that the
people of a Slate may not by their own acts—
lay violence against the General Government,
by resisting its authority, by confederating for
its overthrow—become a public enemy, inter-
rupt their relations with the General Govern-
ment, thereby forfeiting their rights to share in
the administration of its affairs, and become
the objects of just and proper force and legis-
lation in order to restore them to obedience
and enable their loyal citizens to resume their
proper position in the national family. Sir,
these rebel States may be dealt with as con-
quered enemies or as communities who by
their own acts and crimes are " deprived of
civil government.'' The people of the State
"are in the Union," subject to such legislation
as may be necessary to their restoration to a
republican form of government.
I desire to add here the suggestion made
by my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. WLi.hams] iu a very able speech made
by him in this Ilousc Februaiy 10, 1806. In
speaking of the condition of the States in rc-
gaid to their civil government at the close of
the rebellion and the ambiguity of expressions
and phrases used to designate that condition,
he says:
" The difference is perhaps only tho result of a want
of precision in the use of terms or a diversity of opin-
ion in regard to their meaning. Mr. Burko has fur-
nished us with a distinction here that meets the case
precisely. 'The word State,' he remarks in his let-
ter to Sir Hercules Langrishe on the subject of the
extension of the elective franchise to the Irish Cath-
olics, 'is one of much ambiguity. Sometimes it is
used to signify the whole Commonwealth, compre-
hending all its orders, with the several privileges
belonging to caeh. Sometimes it signifies only the
higher and ruling part of the Commonwealth, which
is commonly e,piled the Government.' In the former
of these senses it is not to be doubted thatthesccom-
mumties still exist and are in the Union or of the
Union, because their Territories belong to it and their
people owe it allegiance. In the latter, however—
and that is the one thatconneets themwith our polit-
ical system, as the proclamations concede—they are
admitted by tho same proclamations to have been
destroyed, andean, of course, be nowhere. And this
will be lound to reconcile the apparent contradiction
between the language of the proclamations and the
accordant practice of the Government on the one
hand and the theory of those who are supposed to
speak its opinions, and infer from some unhappy
phraseology of the former, as well as from the more
recent utterances of the message, the repugnantidea
that there was a constitution ot government left ex-
isting amid the geneial wreck in a case whore it had
been previously declared in terms that there was
'no civil government whatever.'"
I find this doctrine of the inviolability of
State constitutions to be a corollary from the
doctrine that this Government is a compact
between the States. In this heresy originates
the Democratic sophistry of which we hear so
much. Mr. Chairman, this Union was formed
by the people, and is a Government of the
people. So viewing it, I do not admit, nay, I
deny the doctrine, that "Stateconstitutions are
the bond of our Union," even though such an
erroneous and dangerous doctrine is asserted
by gentlemen as distinguished as the Senator
from Indiana. Therefore, I hold that a State
government may be abrogated and even de-
stroyed by the acts of its own people without
any dissolution of the Union. If the people
of South Carolina had done as many of their
Democratic leaders desired them to do, and
established a monarchy upon the ruins of their
State constitution,entirely abrogating the latter,
so that iu fact the State as such had no exist-
ence, still there would have been no dissolution
of the Union; because, this being a Govern-
ment of the people and not a compact of inde-
pendent States, her people and her territory
would still remain subject to the national power
and control. As I have said before, wo could
march our armies across her territories, collect
our duties at her ports and taxes from her
people, holding and enforcing our national juris-
prudence throughout her borders. It is only
by admitting that as a State she is a party to
the compact, and that our Government is a
Government of States instead of a Government
of the people, that her destruction as a State
can operate as a dissolution of the Union.
Sir, the people of a State can be said to be
" out of the Union" only when either by force
of arms they maintain a position independent
of tho national Government until recognized
as sovereign by the nations of the earth or are
permitted by the consent of the people of the
United States to assume that high position. In
the one case it is successful revolution, in the
other peaceable and permissive separation.
The latter mode, if it exists as a principle in
our form of government, is certainly ot very
doubtful origin, and, like the acquisition of new
territory, "outside of the Constitution." The
rebels attempted the first; many of the Dem-
ocratic leaders advised the other. Either would
have been disunion. But to say that because a
State constitution once recognized as repub-
lican by the Government has been impaired,
altered, oi destroyed by the action of its peo-
ple or from any other cause, the Union has
therefore been dissolved, and the Government
of our fathers has lost its power and control
over the people and territory of such State, is
to assort by figure of speech what does not
exist in fact and what cannot tako place in
law. And further, sir, it is no less an absurd-
ity to assert that this Government has no con-
stitutional power to guaranty a republican
form of government to those shattered States,
stricken down and deprived of all government,
save by assuming the false position that the
State governments cannot be destroyed, but
must exist forever against the will and wishes
of their people. The people of a State may
be swept or driven from her borders, her con-
stitution be overthrown or become without
effect, but the Union still exists; the national
power and protection still continue over her
territory; and when that territory is repeopled
Congress is bound to guaranty to it a repub-
lican form of government.
Mr. Chairman, the admission by the Amer-
ican people that a rebel State or the people of
a State in rebellion could emerge from that
condition after four years' duration with all
the civil and political rights and powers with
which they were clothed before the commission
of their great crime would render, and justly
so, this American nation the scorn and laugh-
ing-stock of the civilized world, and do more
to bring republican institutions into disrepute
and ridicule, and prove more strongly the weak-
ness of a republican Government such as ours,
than all the combined assaults of the despot-
isms of the world. I hesitate not to say that
the dissolution of the Union and the formation
of independent confederacies within the pres-
ent limits of the United States would be far
preferable in its results to the practical recog-
nition of such a heresy as this.
Mr. Chairman, let us look for a moment at the
effect of this Democratic doctrine, that the rela-
tions of these rebel States have never been
changed or altered in consequence of their re-
bellion and insurrection. Let us see what the
consequences are practically, if, when they sur-
rendered to our arms, they were instantane-
ously restored to all their rights in the Union and
at once stood erect side by side with the loyal
States of this Government, who had maintained
its supremacy and preserved its national life.
Of course, sir, it follows that all this time they
would have been entitled to their representa-
tion in the Halls of Congress. It follows that
while they were waging war with all the power
which they could command against this Gov-
ernment they held at. the same time, as States
and State governments, the right, by their Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress, to vote
upon every question, important or unimport-
ant, which might arise in regard to the raising
of troops, of money, or upon any other subject
connected with the prosecution of the war
against them in their confederate capacity. If
tins were true, then they possessed the right to
have united with the loyal States in choosing
a President and Vice President of this Union,
and mighthave sent their electors to claim their
seats by the side of the loyal men of New
Hampshire. Ohio, and Indiana in the Electoral
College of 1805. And not only that, sir, but
this doctrine carries us still further, and defeats
to all intents and purposes one of the most
magnificent results of the war—the emancipa-
tion of those who had for two hundred years
been held in servitude under the laws perpetu-
ating slavery in the southern States. To show
that this is exactly so let us consider that by
this Democratic proposition every constitution
in the rebel States was in full force at the com-
mencement of the rebellion, during the rebel-
lion, and at its close, and from that time to the
present, and that they are to-day as unimpaired
and in as full relation with the Federal Union
as when their constitutions came from the
hands of the original framers. Those consti-
tutions, each and all, recognize and legalize
i African slavery. Therefore slavery existed
| and still exists untouched and unimpaired
! under the authority of the constitutions of the
' rebel States. It will not do to say, sir, that it
| lias been abolished by proclamation, for the
| Democratic party always denied any legal or
; binding force to that great act. Ihey cannot
i say that it has been subsequently abolished by
I the acts of these States themselves, because
