258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18^
shall leave the country to avoid the draft shall
suffer the penalties, namely, that., in addition to
the other penalties denounced against deser-
tion by law, deserters and fugitives from the
draft shall be declared no longer citizens of the
United States, 110 longer entitled to the elective
franchise of the United States or of any State
to which they may have belonged. In other
words, it is an absolute disfranchisement of
them as citizens of the United States or of any
State; and it also declares that they shall never
again be permitted to become citizens. This
section was passed under the pressure of
great necessity, and I have no doubt it was
effective to some extent for the purposes for
which it was designed. But the war being
now over there have arisen many difficulties
in consequence of the law for which the com-
mittee have been requested to propose some
remedy. Aside from the many doubts which
have been raised by the law officers of the
loyal States in reference to the constitution-
ality of the section, its practical application
has caused, and is likely to cause, many seri-
ous complications. For instance, the judges
of election in one precinct decide that if a
man be known by common report to be a
deserter his vote shall be rejected ; in another,
that the record of the War Department shall
be final proof of desertion ; in another, that
conviction by a court-martial is necessary to
perfect the act of disfranchisement. There is
no uniformity in the application of the law, and
much dangerous conflict at elections is likely
to result from it.
There is still another difficulty in the case.
While the law bears upon a great many persons
that deserve to be punished and that richly de-
serve all the penalty which this section imposes,
it also bears oppressively upon a very large
number of persons who are only technically
deserters—men, for instance, who fell sick on
the march and dropped out by the way, unable
to keep up with their commands. Nobody
knew where they were; their officers, of course,
were compelled to report them as absent with-
out leave, which is only another name for de-
sertion. And there are many thousands of
soldiers who not only never had the least inten-
tion to desert, and who are now borne on the
rolls as deserters, but there are many most
meritorious men, who were captured perhaps
by guerrillas and suffered all the torture of im-
prisonment iu rebel prisons, borne on the rolls
to-day as deserters, and denied the rights of
citizenship in so far as this section of the law
can do it. This class of persons is so numerous
that rather than that they should suffer I would
let the whole section be repealed. I am satisfied
that the time has come when we ought to end
the trouble about this matter by a repeal of the
section, and though some guilty persons will be
released from its operations yet, as my dis-
tinguished friend who sits near me [Mr. Kel-
ley] says, it is better that a thousand guilty
men should go unpunished than that half that
number of worthy and faithfi^l soldiers should
be punished by the operation of this section.
Asidefrom the question of the policy of dis-
franchising our citizens by such an act, which
was settled, perhaps, in the passage of this
law, but which is now a fair question for discus-
sion, it seems to be utterly impracticable that
we should continue the operation of this law
longer. Letit be borne in mind, however,
that we have distinctly excepted from the
operation of this repeal all those persons who
have been gentenced under this act by regular
finding of a court-martial. We do not inter-
fere with such cases. I will now yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bromwell.]
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, so far as
this bill excepts the cases of deserters, as they
are termed, who left the ranks of the Army
under misapprehension, or who may have
fallen sick or been captured, or by any other
means may have become technically deserters,
I have no particular objection even as regards
the worst of them, and certainly none as re-
spects that class of men who have meritorious
cases; but I would like to know what reason
there is for excepting that class of men, citi-
zens of this country, who, when the country
required their services in the war, skedaddled
to Canada and other foreign countries. If
there is any class of men who deserve nothing
of the country it is that class of men who
desert their own country in the day and hour of
trial. 1 understand from the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that
this bill removes the disabilities from that
class of men and restores them to all the
rights and immunities they would have had
if they had remained in the country and taken
their chances along with their fellow-citizens.
Now, I think the community ought to look
with great favor, at least with great consid-
eration, upon the cases of men patriotic
enough to volunteer in the defense of their
country, but who, in their simplicity or igno-
rance, imagined themselves at liberty to leave
the Army before the time fixed by their enlist-
ment. 1 am willing to extend to them great
leniency. Many such persons deserve it; per-
haps all of them do, although doubtless some
of them have presumed upon the forbearance
of the country in going to their homes when
they knew they had no right to do so.
But those men who left for Canada and for
other countries, what excuse have they? Let
me ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] what will this bill be in the way of
warning in case of another war to that class of
men who intend to skedaddle the first time
there is a draft in this country for its support?
If this country passes laws punishing such
deserters and skedaddlers at the time for de-
serting it in the hour of need, and then the
moment the necessity is over repeals the law,
then those men can and will presume upon a
like repeal in another case. And if these men
are given to understand that the country does
not intend to punish that kind of desertion,
whenever we have occasion in the future for a
draft gentlemen will find that all the avenues
leading out of this country will be crowded by
the beneficiaries of this bill—men who will
enjoy all the immunities, privileges, and advan-
tages of this Government, its laws, and every-
thing pertaining to it, but who will not defend
it in the face ot its enemies.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield ten minutes
of my time to my colleague upon the commit-
tee, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wash-
burn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. Mr. Speaker,
in 1865 this body saw fit to say that a man who
had been guilty of desertion—not, as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says, " techni-
cal desertion," but a man who had been guilty of
actual desertion from his flag—had either gone
home and remained there, or had gone over to
the enemy, had forfeited his citizenship by that
act. The act of Congress itself says nothing
about the right of voting. It is a question
whether citizenship involves-the right to vote ;
in my State it does not. The act of Congress
provided that a man so deserting should be
forever debarred from holding office under
this Government.
It is now proposed that this Congress shall
blot out the distinction between those who
stood by the flag of their country until the
war was over and those who deserted that flag;
and that this Congress shall say that the man
who deserted to the enemy and remained there
until the end of the war shall stand just as
high as the bravest soldier provided he can
find constituents who will elect him to office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Washburn] permit me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not this act go to
the extent of remitting the penalty against
that class of officers of the regular Army who
at the breaking out of the rebellion deser-ted to
the enemy? ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I believe
it does ; and before I take my seat I shall move
to strike out the second section of this bill,
which I hold has that effect. The time can
never come, as long as we have a loyal Gov-
ernment and a loyal people, when one who has
deserted his flag can be held in the same esti-
mation as one who stood by it. By your law
he ist>ramled, and he shall sti nd branded.
Last. July I voted for a provision that said
that a man who served until the war was over
and then left for his home should be relieved
from the penalty for desertion. 1 did soljecause
I held that he was really no deserter. A man
who was captured by guerrillas or who had
been a prisoner could not be regarded as a
deserter. But I do say that our laws should
remain ; that where a man has deserted, and
it can be proved against him, he shall be
branded with a brand of infamy that shall burn
deep, never to be removed, at least by the Con-
gress of the United States. I now move to
strike out the second section of this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I understand
the purport or intention of this bill to be the
repeal of the twenty-first section of an act of
Congress approved March 3, 1803, which pro-
vided a punishment for those who saw fit to
desert the Army of the United States. I am
opposed to reinstating in his former rights and
privileges any person, either officer or private,
who may have deserted the flag of his country
for the purpose of advancing the cause or in-
terest of the enemies of the country. I was
willing to support the bill passed last summer
restoring to their civil rights certain persons
who had technically committed the crime of
desertion by leaving their commands without
leave, although they had no intention to preju-
dice the cause of the United States or to ad-
vance the interests of the enemy. The present
bill, however, contains a sweeping clause, by
which men who, belonging to the Army of tha
United States, deserted the flag of the country
and went over to the enemy will be restored
to all their civil rights—the same rights enjoyed
by those who served their country faithfully.
Sir, I have watched the progress of events
and I am satisfied that this is merely an enter-
ing wedge for the restoration of all men who
have forfeited their rights under this Govern-
ment by having failed to sustain the flag of
their country and upheld the flag of its ene-
mies. It is merely the initial step to the res-
toration of every rebel in the land who, being
a graduate of West Point or the Naval Acad-
emy, went over to the enemy as soon as the
tocsin of war sounded and took up arms against
the Government of the United States. The
construction which would be given to this bill
if it should become a law would restore these
men to the same rights granted by the act of
last July to men who, although they left their
commands before they were discharged, had
no intention to desert from the Army of the
United States.
I was opposed the other day to a clause in
the bill then before us, the effect of which was
to give the President of the United States
power to reinstate or reappoint men who by
sentence of a court-martial have been dis-
missed from the service and deprived of the
right to hold office, civil or military. But yes-
terday, in my absence, that bill was passed by
this House, 110 objection being made to it.
Although that bill had been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs with almost the
instruction of the House that it should be
a*nended,it came back with an amendment to
the title only, not one word or letter being
stricken from the bill, although it had, as I
believe, been the understanding of the House
that the provisions of the bill should be
changed. Yet that bill was passed, there
being a vote of only thirty-two in the nega-
tive. I am opposed to any such legislation.
_ It was^ stated, I believe, that Judge Holt had
given his opinion in favor of the provision
which I am now condemning. But I spoke
this morning with Judge Holt, and he agreed
with me in the legal proposition that we have
the power by act of Congress to disqualify
men from receiving appointments to office.
And further, I claim that by a law now on our
statute-book a man dismissed from the Navy
