2660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29*
of taxation, public property and the like which,
for obvious reasons have no bearing upon this
case. I wish to come now to the case of Ne-
braska, which, as I understand it, constitutes
the solitary exception to the proposition I
affirm. In the case of Nebraska there is a
condition, between which and that in this bill
there is a very general similarity, although it
resembles more nearly, I think, the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. That amendment of mine is
in terms the same as the Nebraska act.
Mr. CONICLING. My recollection was that
the terms were alike or equivalent. Mr. Pres-
ident, I wish to say a few words about the
Nebraska case. While it has stood, it has
been treated with respect, no doubt, in so far
as a precedent is treated with respect which is
very modern and which lias never been drawn
in question one way or the other; I have no
memory of the Nebraska case being quoted as
authority anywhere except in the hurried de-
bate which sprang up the other day in the
House pf Representatives upon this very bill,
or one like it. The Nebraska bill was in charge
of the honorable Senator from Ohio who sits
now as the Presiding Officer of this body. It
was reported from the Committee on Terri-
tories without any such proviso or condition.
The fundamental condition, as it is so often
called, came in that case originally from the then
Senator from Missouri, Mr. lirown, although
in the way in which it was eventually adopted
it was offered, I think, by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilro.w ] It led to a very
animated and very searching debate, which I
have traversed rapidly since, in which many
Senators took part, and took part repeatedly,
and no man can read it and doubt the earnest-
ness and sincerity of those who conducted it.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, not
now in his seat, [Mr. IToward,] was among
those who, in the strongest language, which 1
have before me and which I think would repay
the reading if I had not occupied so much
time, with greatdiversity of illustrations scouted
the idea that this compact was to be of any, the
slightest, obligation upon the State of Ne-
braska. So did the honorable Senator from
Ohio, the present Presiding Officer of this body,
and in language as strong as he could com-
mand demonstrated, as I think, that the same
principle which would enable this to be done
would lead to results just as anomalous and
startling as those now suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana in the question he
asked a moment ago.
The bill went to the House of Representa-
tives, and was there denounced by the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Wilson of
Iowa, and by Mr. Bingham of Ohio, by Mr.
SiiEi.labaiigeii of Ohio, and by the first law-
yers in the House who discussed it; and that
the proposition, thoroughly assailed as it was,
was defended by only one member in either
House except upon very general considerations
of expediency, no one undertaking to argue
it upon the law, as far as I have observed,
except the honorable Senator from Vermont,
who then stated views similar to those which he
has delivered to the Senate to-day. I think
no man can read this debate and not see that
the balance of argument and the balance of
authority was altogether against the proposi-
tion. It passed eventually upon the declara-
tion of several Senators, very much in the
language employed by the honorable Senator
trom Connecticut [Mr. Ferrt] a day or two
ago in reference to the condition in this bill,
that they deemed it mere waste paper, and that
they would let it pass as such.
■Mr. President, that is a very convenient
argument. I have had it addressed to me in
private several times in reference to this bill,
and 1 have made an effort, I confess, to enter-
tain it and be satisfied with it, thinking that
if a sufficient number of doubts could so accept
it the bill need not go back to the House of
Representatives, and we might relieve our-
selves and the ether House of the embarrass-
ment and trouble of a disagreement. But I
am inclined to think it will hardly do for the
Congress of the United States to make a blank
motion, and not only to make a blank motion,
but to do a thing, confessedly in the estima-
tion of those who are thus called upon to yield
their convictions, in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It may be said that
this phrase, " upon an equal footing with the
other States," is borrowed from some act of
Congress; phraseology picked up from some
source not of high or commanding authority.
No matter, sir; usage makes law, and I do not
stop to inquire the origin of this phrase. We
all know that inwrought with the genius of our
Government, imbedded in our organism, writ-
ten in the Constitution again and again, is the
equality of the States in all the attributes
attaching to States as such.
I hardly see, with the convictions I have on
this subject, how I can give a vote, the logic
of which, as I understand it, affirms, in this
instance, only that we may require that the
elective franchise shall not be regulated, that
the term of residence of a voter is not within
the power of a State Legislature, but which
to-morrow may affirm, in the case of another
State, that in other particulars equally vital,
if particulars equally vital can be found, we
will withdraw perpetually from the State still
other portions of its sovereignty.
And let me say here I am reminded of a
remark made the other day by the honorable
Senator froin Ohio, [Mr. Siicrmax,] a remark
that the proposed condition, as it stands,
would not prevent the State of Arkansas from
lengthening the residence of those entitled to
vote ; and he read the provision that no citizen
or class of citizens, now entitled to vote, shall
ever be deprived of that right; and he said that
persons living in-Arkansas now under a provis-
ion that six months of residence should suffice
would not be a "class'' within this language,
nor would they be citizens whose ease would fall
within it. 1 will not stop to argue that; but I
differ entirely with the Senator. This bill pro-
vides in the first place that no citizen whatever
entitled to vote when this constitution speaks,
and that is all the time, shall be deprived of the
right. I take it a constitution is not like a will
which speaks at a certain moment, when the
testator dies, and its meaning is fixed by that,
but it talks all the time; it speaks continuously.
How, then, can the Senator say that no citizen
entitled to vote at any time while this constitu-
tion lasts shall ever be deprived of that right,
and no class of citizens shall ever be deprived
of it, and yet at the same time contend that
the Legislature of Arkansas may, the day after
she comes in, repeal the provision that six
months' residence shall suffice, and say that
hereafter a man must live in the State two
years before he can vote? I assume then, for
this purpose, that that very case would bo
clearly within the provision, and passing beyond
the legal question, making it a mere considera-
tion of practical safety and utility, I confess
that it seems to me most objectionable to pro-
vide, even if we had the power, that no State,
no matter what be her exigencies of advantage
or necessity, shall be permitted to regulate by
length of residence in the State or in the
county or in the precinct, or by any other one
of the numerous tests or elements which enter
into the qualifications of voters, the rights of
citizens, or classes of citizens as to their right
to vote.
I see in a vote for this proposition a vote
the logic of which affirms that it is optional
with Congress to select the State and to select
the subjects of State prerogative and sover-
eignty upon which conditions, fetters, and pro-
hibitions should be imposed.
There is one other suggestion about this.
Three views are presented as affirmative views
upon this proposition. One is that Congress
may require the people of an incoming State,
represented by the Legislature or in organic
convention, to agree to a given thing, and that
it then becomes a compact. Another view is
that Congress may, by its own act alone, oblit-
erate or expunge a certain portion of a consti-
tution, Or change it as it pleases. And the
third proposition is that Congress, without
changing, may, by its own act alone, provide
forever against such changes as the people
may wish to make. It is enough to say of the
original proposition before us that it does not
even rest upon the theory embraced by the
honorable Senator from Missouri. He, except-
ing that he makes the Legislature the repre-
sentative of the people, adopts the idea that
consent is to be given by thg State, and that in
virtue of that consent the arrangement is to be
binding. The bill before us does not do that;
but it trusts to the ipse dixit of Congress alone
this future binding obligation.
I can dispose sufficiently of all my own views
on this subject in very few remaining words. I
have no doubt that Congress has the power in
all instances of a State applying for admission
to make objection to the constitution pre-
sented, and to refuse upon that constitution to
admit the State, and then the people applying
for admission at their peril must go back and
reform their constitution, and adapt it to the
requirements of Congress. I have no doubt
of that power. I have no doubt of the power
of Congress to say, as it said in the case of
Nevada, we offer you an enabling act under
which you may organize, but we give you notice
in advance that it will be idle for you to knock
at the door of the Lmion unless your constitu-
tion, in addition to being republican in form,
in a general sense, contains this provision, and
another provision, and a third or fourth pro-
vision, or as many as you choose. I have no
doubt., as a question of power, that Congress
may do that. But, sir, I have yet to hear the
argument which convinces me that Congress
has power to make a constitution for a State
in any form, either pro tanto or in toto. I do
not believe that Congress has the right to take
up the constitution of Arkansas and say, first,
we treat you as if you had never been in the
Union—-granting, for the sake of the argument,
that Arkansas stands on all fours with Colo-
rado, for example, in this respect—you have
made a constitution under which we will not
admit you ; and, second, we say that we will
make a constitution for you as to all parts
which we deem objectionable, or, as in this
case, you have made a constitution very well
as far as it goes, but we will now say to you,
for your benefit and for ours, that that consti-
tution shall never be changed in lall such
respects as we choose to specify.
1 do not believe we have the right to say
that if experience shall demonstrate the fal-
lacy or improvidence or misfortune of ibis
constitution, in any respects which we choose
to specify, or in all_ respects, (because it is a
question of power; if you cau do it as to one
thing falling within the power of the State,
you can do it as to all,) no matter how ill-de-
vised you find these provisions, no matter how
onerous they become, when the people of
Arkansas reassemble in organic convention
and present a new constitution, and ail the
people in the State of Arkansas vote to ratify
it, that constitution shall be paralyzed and
null in advance. I do'iiot see why it is not a
power just as high as that of making a con-
stitution partial or total for the State. As a
question of power I see no distinction. The
whole forceof the objection to it is that, to the
people of Arkansas, and to no other earthly
tribunal, belongs the right, so long as they con-
tinue their government republican in charac-
ter, to modily it, to change it, to rearrange it,
to adapt it, as they please, to the wants which,
from time to time, present themselves.
It you are goiug to invade and deny this
power it seems to me you may just as well do
it by introducing into their constitution new
provisions, as by striking out the provisions
which, thoy contain, or by providing that the
provisions with which they began shall stand
immutable forever. It is a different exertion,
a different, application ; but it is the same power
all the time.
And, Mr. President, that I need not be mis-
