3690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
pie. It merely extends the provisions of the
act of 3851 for one year from the passage of
this bill. There is not a line or a letter in the
bill that establishes any new principle what-
ever, or any principle different from what has
been established by the acts of 1851 and 18fifl,
and that principle was simply to distinguish
and discriminate between what were public
lands in the State of California and what were
private lands. These parties only ask to be
allowed to go into the courts and establish as
between themselves and the United States
whether they hold a valid grant under the
Mexican or Spanish Government? There has
been a variety of claims presented, which,
owing to the expiration of the act of 1851,
could not be adjudicated.
Some objections were made yesterday to
this bill by some of the gentlemen from Cali-
fornia; but those objections have now been
obviated by the adoption of the proviso offered
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. John-
son.] I will state that this bill has been thor-
oughly examined by two committees of this
House, and they have reported unanimously
in its favor. The committee that I represent
supposed and believed that the proviso that
they had incorporated in the bill accomplished
the very object contemplated by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Johnson,] and also
by his colleague, [Mr. Higby.] This bill in-
tei feres with no vested rights whatever. It
disturbs no man's possessions. It disturbs no
man's rights. It merely gives to citizens of
the United States the right to go into the
courts and establish their title by existing law.
What possible objection there can be to the
bill I cannot see. I will state that if there is
any settler upon the land who has any valid
title, by the very terms of the bill he is pro-
tected, and the court has to settle that ques-
tion. It is, in fact, only a bill to open the
doors of the Supreme Court of the United
States to our own citizens where they liave
been closed by the lapse of time under the
original act as against the United States and
nobody else. This bill does not attempt to
settle conflicting claims between private indi-
viduals. It does not touch or trench on any
man's rights. It simply says to the citizens of
California, if you have any valid grant derived
from the Mexican or Spanish Government that
you can prove beyond a doubt before the
courts the doors of the courts shall be open
to you. The time prescribed by the original
act was too short for a State of the magnitude
of California. It was found absolutely neces-
sary once before to extend the time to allow
all the persons in interest to go into the courts.
Mr. 13 OUT WELL. I would like three or
five minutes upon this matter before the ques-
tion is taken.
Mr. STONE. I would yield to the gentle-
man with great pleasure, but I have had a great
many applications for the floor, and I have had
to decline them. I am merely the organ of the
committee, and time is pressing. I must there-
fore decline.
Mr. BO UTWELL. I will venture to state
to the House that this bill ought not to pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
previous question been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It lias not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Cannot
there bo some discussion on a matter of this
kind?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to correct one state-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Stoxe,] if he will allow me.
Mr. STONE. I will yield.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman from Maryland
stated that this proviso was satisfactory to all
the members from California. He was mis-
taken in reference to myself. I have not said
decidedly that I was not in favor of this bill with
the proviso, nor have I said that I was in favor
of it. I have no right to debate this question,
because the gentleman from Maryland has not
yielded to me for that purpose.
Mr. BOUTWELL. There are various points
in this proviso to which I understand the
gentlemen from California have assented, to
which I wish to call their attention, because,
in my judgment, it will not accomplish what
they think it will accomplish. All the squat-
ters on these lands, if the Mexican titles should
be upheld, will be driven out in defiance of
this proviso and of the homestead and pre-
emption laws of the United States.
Mr. STONE. I have not distinctly heard
what was said by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman from
Maryland will give me his attention I will say
that my point is this: that the proviso which
has been here introduced will not accomplish,
I think, what the person who proposed it [Mr.
Juh.vkox] intends to have accomplished by it.
It a person has settled upon land claimed
under a Mexican grant, the title to which may
hereafter be established in the courts of the
United States under this bill, then he will not
be upon these lands under the preemption laws
of the United States, but he will be upon lands
to which the United States had no title when
he entered upon them, and therefore he cannot
avail himself of the preemption laws of the
United States, but will be subject entirely to
the will of the person who may prevail in the
court. But I have a more serious objection,
which is this: that by a general law we ought
not to open these questions of land titles in
California under grants from Mexico. By the
law of 1851 a commission was established for
the examination of these claims. Parties had
a right to appeal.
Mr. STONE. I must resume the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well; I hope the
House is satisfied that this bill ought not to pass.
Mr. STONE. I cannot understand the force
of the objection of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Botitwell.] The United States
by a treaty, in accordance with the law of na-
tions, bound themselves to respect all Mexieati
and Spanish land grants. The commission
which the United States created was merely
the mode by which the evidence of these grants
was brought to the knowledge of the Govern-
ment. The Government, by these solemn treaty
stipulations with Mexico, pledged itself that it
would respect all Mexican and Spanish grants
that existed at the time of the date of that
treaty and the cession of California to the
United States. That is all that this bill asks.
All that this bill asks is an opportunity for the
citizens of California to show that they do hold
valid grants. That is the whole object of the
bill.
As I have before said, this bill does not
decide any right at all, but simply presents
the broad question of allowing the citizens of
California to go into court and show their rights
under these grants. It strikes me, with all
due deference to the gentleman, that it would
be a most outrageous breach of faith on the
part of the Government toward those who
hold these valid Mexican grants to deny them
an opportunity to prove them in the only mode
known to the law, in the courts of the United
States. I now call the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time;
and upon a division there were—ayes 50, noes
25 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stoxe and
Mr. Boutweli, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes G6, noes 36.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. WIN DOM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WTNDOM called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill'was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The .latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORTH obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BLAIR, who asked unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs a bill for the relief of Nott & Co.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw that objection.
The bill will occupy but a moment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill, after which there will be an opportunity
for objection.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of State to examine the claim of Nott &
Co., American merchants doing business in
China, against the Chinese Government for
losses of coin sustained in 1847 by the capture
and robbery of the vessel called the Neva ;
and if in the opinion of the Secretary of State
the claim ought to be paid he is authorized
and instructed to pay the same, with the rate
of interest allowed on other claims, from the
time of such loss, out of any funds received
from the Chinese Government under the treaty
of 1858 for the payment of losses sustained by
American citizens; and that the amount be
paid to Nott & Co., or the surviving copartner
or copartners, or any person duly authorized to
be their agent or attorney. The second section
provides that the decision of the Secretary of
State as to the right of the claimants to be paid,
as to the amount to be paid, and as to the par-
ties entitled to receive the same, shall be final
and conclusive.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
see anything in this bill that goes to show that
there has been any settlement or liquidation
with the Chinese Government by which it
appears that that Government has in its hands
money of ours to pay this claim. I cannot
consent to the consideration of the bill at this
time.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill cannot now be reported.
MATE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Stokes
till next Tuesday, and to Mr. Adams for one
week.
E. E. AND S. W. CLARKE.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on Private Land Claims has but one more bill
beforeit, the bill (S. No. 347) to confirm the
title of Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward
Clarke to certain land in the State of Florida
claimed under a grant from the Spanish. Gov-
ernment. This matter was by the committee
referred for investigation to a member of the
committee, the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Woodbridgb.] I received a note from that
gentleman this morning, stating that in conse-
quence of serious illness in his family he is
obliged to go home. He left the papers in my
hands, but the report is not yet finished. I ask
unanimous consent of the House that this bill
may be reported on some day next week during
the morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
_Mr. BENJAMIN. I also object. "Suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Mr. ORTH. Then, Mr. Speaker, at the
suggestion of the gentleman from. Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] who when a member of the Sen-
ate examined this bill, I report the bill now,
and ask its passage at this time. In connec-
tion with the bill, I report the petition of the
Messrs. Clarke, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk partly read the petition, when
Mr. ORTH said : It is unnecessary for the
Clerk to read that document further.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
that the reading shall be concluded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
insist on that. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Orth] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, The gen-
tleman presented the " petition "as part of the
