1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
can never hold office again under this Govern-
ment. I only desire that the game law shall
be made applicable to the Army. I am op-
posed to remitting the penalties which our laws
now impose in the ease of any man, either
soldier, j-ailor, or officer, who deserted the flag
of his country with the intension to aid or
encourage its enemies.
The very moment we repeal the twenty-first
section of the act of March 3. 1803, we may as
well pass an act restoring to all thdfciglits and
privileges of loyal citizens Jefferson Davis and
every other rebel in the land ; for, sir, a man
who" in time of war deserts his flag and goes
over to the enemy is no better man than Jef-
ferson Davis or Beauregard or any other rebel,
lie has perpetrated tie same offense ; he has
committed treason against his Government;
and for that reason he should not be restored
to the rights enjoyed by loyal citizens of this
country. I ain in favor of keeping this law
upon the statute-book as it is. I maintain it
just as it reads. I am in favor of allowing the
law we passed during the last Congress to re-
main. 1 am opposed to interfering in any way
whatever with the law which prevents resto-
ration of deserters—those who deserted to the
enemy, or deserted because they desired no
lcmger to assist the Government, or those who
were officers in the Army and deserted the flag
either in time of peace or time of war for the
purpose of " bolstering up" the enemy against
the Government of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I intended to yield to
my colleague on the committee, but I cannot
allow to pass without remark the very serious
and very unwarrantable misrepresentations of
the gentleman from Illinois who has just taken
his seat* In the first place, the gentleman
wandered away from the subject before the
House to discuss a measure passed yesterday
by the House by an almost unanimous vote,
and entirely to misrepresent, of course unin-
tentionally on the gentleman's part, the facts
concerning that bill.
The facts are these: a few days ago I
introduced a bill to prevent cashiered and
dishonored officers from being restored to the
service of the United States by the order of
the President. That was the sole object of
the bill. It was intended to prevent such a
mau, for instance, as Fitz John Porter from
being placed back into the Army after having
been cashiered and declared disqualified for-
ever from holding any office of honor or profit
under the Government of the United States.
I say that it was intended to prevent the res-
toration of such persons by the President.
The gentleman from Illinois suggested that
the bill might be construed to imply that the
President might, with the consent of the
Senate, restore cashiered officers to the ser-
vice ; and he asked that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee to inquire into the
matter. The gentleman from Massachusetts
raised another question abont the title of the
bill. I cheerfully consented that the bill should
be recommitted, and it was done without a
word of instruction from the House, as the
gentleman supposes.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. I decline to give way
until I finish my statement. The gentleman
intimated that it was referred back to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs with instructions,
or something tantamount to instructions. I
affirm again there was not one word of instruc-
tions ; the bill was recommitted with the con-
sent of the committee to reexamine the ques-
tion raised. The committee reexamined that
question very carefully, and were unanimously
of the opinion that the bill made no grant of
power to the President or Senate whatever,
but simply denied the right of the President to
restore any officer to the service who had been
regularly dismissed by the sentence of a gen-
eral court-martial. The committee adopted,
however, the suggestion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and amended the
bill so as to make it declaratory of the law.
I reported the bill yesterday, made a statement
of the action of the committee, and it passed
the House with none but members on the other
side voting against it. The yeas and nays were
called, and not one member on this  ide voted
nay. Its provisions were perfectly understood,
and fair opportunity was given to discuss it.
The gentleman represents that I introduced
and carried through in a stealthy manner a
bill which allows traitors to be restored to the
Army. The representations of the gentleman
from. Illinois, however unintentional they may
be, are so unjust to the committee that they
deserved instant answer. If the gentleman has
any correction to make I will yield to him.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not propose to ask any
questions, but I propose to answer what the
gentleman has said if he will allow me.
Mr. GAliFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. LOG AN. I made no statement to the
House that any bill passed stealthily, nor have
1 made any statement that the committee were
instructed. 1 said it was referred back to the
committee with such an intimation as would
amount to an instruction to the committee to
change the bill. Let me state the facts. The
bill was introduced with this clause in it, that
the President shall not have power to restore
—what? To restore to the rolls of the Army
certain persons, except—how ? Except by re-
appointment, by and with the ad vice ana consent
of the Senate. He cannot do so, except by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
I stated then that it by intendment would
give the President the power to reappoint (as
the gentleman has referred to the case I will do
so) General Fitz John Porter, if he had a Senate
who would confirm him ; and I state that to be
the fact, because the President has power to
revoke the decision of the court-martial, and
he may reappoint General Fitz John Porter,
and if he be confirmed under this law he is an
officer of the Army. That is the effect of the
law passed yesterday.
Now, my object in moving to recommit the
bill was this—and it was certainly understood
by the House—to have the bill so amended as
that this should be by law a disqualification
from holding office, the same as it is in the
Navy. The law now is that any officer of trie
Navy who has been cashiered and dishonorably
dismissed the service cannot be reappointed
to office. I want the same provision made in
this bill in regard to Army officers. That is
what I was driving at, and I understood the
gentleman from Ohio to so understand me at
the time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I must now resume the
floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not through yet.
Mr. GARFlELD. The gentleman has ex-
plained himself, it is useless to go on with a
discussion of a bill which has passed.
Mr. LOGAN. I have said all I desire to
say so far as that is concerned. But I want to
say to the gentleman that this thing of using
language to a man such as saying that he has
misrepresented and misstated facts is language
that is very common to that gentleman, but it is
language that is not very common to myself.
I would prefer that the gentleman used softer
language hereafter if he desires to apply it to
me, for I misstate nobody's position, nor do I
ever misstate my own. I know the gentleman
the other day used rather snceringly the term
"gentleman," and said that if it did not mean
us, why he was very sorry for making the re-
mark. Now, these things are all well enough
for gentlemen who cannot employ other lan-
guage to convey their ideas, but I am not in the
habit of dealing in that kind of language to-
ward any gentleman, nor do I desire to adopt
that kind of policy in this House, nor am I in
the habit of being driven to any position that
is incorrect. I say now to the gentleman that
had I been in my seat yesterday when that bill
was reported and passed almost by unanimous
consent I should .have voted against it. The
gentleman intimates that if I had been here I
should have voted with the other side of 4ie
House. If I had I should only have followed
in the wake of the gentleman himself, and
done what he has done in several instances. I
never went over to the other side of the llouse
and congratulated anybody on his speech, as
the gentleman from Ohio has done.
Mr. GARFIELD. I really must resume tho
floor now.
Mr LOGAN. Well, if the gentlemau is sat-
isfied I am. •
Mr. GARFIELD. I trutt I shall be behind
no gentleman on this Hour in the courtesy that
is becoming here in debate, and if I say that a
gentleman has misrepresented my position it
is because lhave no trick of language that can
say the same thing in any less direct and
decided way. 1 presume i have frequently
misunderstood ana misstated the opinions of
members. I know that I have been misunder-
stood and have had my positions misstated in
this case; but I was very careful to say that [
believed it unintentional on the gentleman's
part. If I am behind the gentleman in cour-
tesy it is only because I lack his ability in the
use of words.
Now, I wish to say, in referring only once
more and for a moment to the bill that was
passed yesterday, that to leave off what the
gentleman desired the committee to put in was
only to say that we would not undertake by
legislative enactment to take away from the
President of the United States the pardoning
power which is given to him by the Consti-
tution.
The President of the United States can to-day
pardon Fitz John Porter, I suppose, whether
any law shall be passed or not. And if the Con-
stitution does not forbid it—and I leave that
question for the lawyers to determine—I sup-
pose that the President and the Senate of the
united States, if they should be so forgetful of
their duty as to nominate and confirm the
appointment of that person to the Army of the
United Slates, would be able to do so. And I
do not suppose that any law of Congress can
possibly destroy the constitutional provision on
that subject. It was for that reason the com-
mittee declined to enter into a warfare with the
Constitution of the United States and attempt
to repeal any of it provisions.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Has not Congress the power
by law to say that although a man inay be par-
doned for the offense he shall be disqualified
from holding office? In other words, cannot
Congress disqualify Jeff. Davis from holding
office although the President of the United
States may pardon him?
Mr. GARFIELD. I supjfose we can do so
in relation to such officers as are within the
authority of Congress. But the bill now pend-
ing—and I must return to it—proposes to re-
peal a law which disqualifies certain persons
from voting or holding any office in any State
of the Union.
Now, while I approved of that section as a
matter of military necessity at the time of its
passage, I am very clearly of the opinion that i(
now operates very unjustly upon many true
and worthy soldiers, and that there are many
serious difficulties in the way of its execution.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs
[Mr. Garfield] what the effect of the repeal
of this twenty-first section will be? I observe
that it provides, in addition to the other lawful
penalties for desertion, this particular penalty
shall follow. Now, this being repealed, what
will be the penalty fordesertion under existing
laws?
Mr. GARFIELD. I am obliged to my
friend for calling attention to that point. I
have marked all the passages in the existing
laws relating to deserters, but forgot to men-
tion it when I first reported the bill. The laws
of Congress from the days of the Revolution
until the beginning of th,£ late rebellion pro-
vide severe penalties for desertion. Those laws
