1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8B&1:
report of the committee. I desire to hear the
remainder of it read ; and I do not think any
gentleman has the right to interfere with the
reading.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts can no more insist upon the
reading of the entire petition than he can
demand that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Okth] shall finish an hour's speech after he
has commenced speaking.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Can the
reading be stopped in the midst?
The SPEAKER. The floor is in the posses-
sion of the gentleman from Indiana, who can
control how his time shall be occupied. The
bill will be read.
The bill provides that the title of Ethan Ray
Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to a tract of
land five miles square on Black creek, south
of St. Mary's river, in the State of Florida,
and bounded as follows : upon one side by the
St. Mary's river, and upon the other side by
vacant lands, being the same lands to which an
exclusive right to take the timber was granted by
the Spanish Government to John Underwood,
and upon which he erected a saw-mill in 1805,
and which was kept up and continued for many
years, shall be confirmed: provided, that nothing
herein contained shall operate to the preju-
dice of any claim which may be set up to said
land by reason of any previous sale thereof;
nor shall this act in any way prejudice any
claimant under the said John Underwood,
or any person deriving title or claim thereto
under said Underwood, his heirs or assigns, or
of any person or persons who may be entitled
to preemption rights under any existing laws
of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the report read or to have some
explanation made.
Mr. ORTH. I will attend to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Indiana had seen as much as I
have in reference to the confirmation of these
private land claims, such as the Houmas
claim 
Mr. ORTH. I do not yield. I know what
I am reporting here this morning as well as
the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
arising under the treaty of Florida. It has
been before the Senate, and has been very
thoroughly examined by the Committee oti
Private Land Claims in the Senate at the time
my neighbor, the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] was a member of the commit-
tee. I yield to the gentleman from Vermont,
who is more familiar with the facts than I am.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. ' How much
land does this embrace?
Mr. ORTH. Something over forty sections.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman from Indiana
is making a most unexpected demand upon me.
All I can say is that while I was a member of
the other branch of Congress this was before
the Committee on Private Land Claims, of
which Judge Harris was chairman and I was
a member, and we gave the case a very full
and careful consideration. It was unanimously
reported by the committee of the Senate, and
it passed the Senate, and only failed to pass
the House by some disarrangement of the
papers, the division of them between two com-
mittees. It seems that one year ago a bill of
this same character was examined by the com-
mittee of the House and passed by the House ;
it was really passed by both Houses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I askthe
gentleman from Vermont whether there was not
a bill passed in this Congress many years ago for
the purpose of having these men go before the
United States court in Florida, giving them
full power to test their right there ?_ They have
never done so. The petition, which was not
read, sets forth the facts. It shows these par-
ties have never been before the courts; but ^
they come here for us to legislate away the i
rights of other parties in that land, which were
never tried before the courts, without giving us
a chance to hear the report read or the petition
read upon which it is founded. If men's rights
can be taken away in that way let it be under-
stood. I tried to get the petition read. They
got relief to go to the courts, but they refused to
go to the courts, and now come here for a new
bill. The bill was asked to be put off because
it had not been fully considered.
Mr. POLAND. I do not know whether the
gentleman is addressing his inquiry to me or to
the chairman of the committee. As I under-
stand it, these petitioners came to Congress in
1856 applying for the passage of a law like the
one now reported,.and it was passed in one
House, but while pending in the other Mr.
Yulee, a gentleman of whom we have all heard
something—Mr. Yulee, in the interest of some
adverse petitioners, not in the interest of these
petitioners or their rights, but of those setting
up an adverse interest—had a bill passed giving
the privilege to the parties to go into the courts.
I do not know these parties were called upon
to commence litigation in the courts of Florida
more than it was incumbent upon those who
were represented by Mr. Yulee. There is as
much ground to say the title of these parties
is foreclosed in consequence of their failure to
go into the courts of Florida as  
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Who is
the occupant of the land ?
Mr. POLAND. I understand these parties
are in possession.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then
what do they want anything for unless some-
body brings an adverse claim ? If they are not
in possession, why not bring a suit to get pos-
session ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
they have got an act of Congress allowing them
to do so.
Mr. POLAND. I understand these persons
have been in possession of the land all the
while, but by the treaty these Florida titles
required confirmation, and it is for that pur-
pose, in order to remove a cloud upon their title,
that this bill is introduced. Being in posses-
sion they could not commence a litigation, and
nobody could commence a litigation against
them.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is
somewhere an act of Congress providing that
where anybody occupies lands claimed by two
parties either party may bring a suit to test his
title.
Mr. ORTH. This is a case arising under
the treaty of Florida, by which the United
States agreed to confirm titles to all persons
who held grants under the Spanish Govern-
ment prior to that treaty, and it confirms them
in their grants.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I inquire
whether that ipse dixit of the treaty is not a
confirmation, requiring nothing more ?
Mr. ORTH. I can only answer that by
stating that the practice of the Government
has been invariably the other way. In all
cases where lands have been owned by indi-
viduals prior to the cession of any particular
territory, Congress has provided for the con-
firmation of the titles by special act._ This
applies not only to lands in Florida, Louisiana,
and Missouri, but in California and New
Mexico. Time and again have acts of Con-
gress been passed confirmatory of these titles.
The practice, as I have learned during this
session of Congress, has been about this : after
a territory has been ceded to the American
Government, we have required of the original
owners of any portion of it the surrender of
their title-papers that they might be recorded
amongtlie archives of this Government. Then
upon the surrender of such title-papers an act
was passed in the case of California for the
establishment of land commissioners, and in
the case of New Mexico for the establishment
of the office of surveyor general in that Terri-
tory, and the duty in each case was to collect
the titles which the parties had to the lands in
controversy, and upon the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, in pur-
suance of the act of Congress, a confirmation
of title was made and a patent issued. That
is all that is asked for in the present case, as I
understand1 it. I therefore call the previous
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me a moment ?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that the petition in this case sets forth
in these words:
" Tha t a bill was passed by said Congress [that is, in
1859J referring the matter to the district court of the
Uiiited States for the southern district of Florida for
determination; and that no action was had on this
act up to this date."
Now, this Congress has passed an enabling
act to allow these parties to go into court and
litigate their titles. They slept upon thea
from 1869 to 1861, and then, after being inter-
rupted by the rebellion, they slept upon them
from 1805 to 1868. Now, why should we,
without any knowledge of the matter, legislate
the title into one man and out of another?
Mr. ORTH. We do not do that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does the
treaty specify any mode by which we can con-
firm these titles ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that it does.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I un-
derstood that it provided it by act of Congress.
Mr. ORTH. No, not by any mode ; but we
have confirmed them by act of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The case
stands in this way: here is a treaty some fifty
years old or upward, and here is an attempt
to establish rights under it after there has been
an act of Congress allowing them to come
into the courts. Now it is said that this case
was examined by a committee of the Senate ;
that it was passed through the Senate, then
that it came to this House and was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and they did
not see fit to report it.
Mr. ORTH. That is so.
Mr. BUTLER, of'Massachusetts. That being
so, I think this bill should go to the Committee
on the Judiciary for the purpose of having this
question examined, because we have no report
on this question.
Mr. ORTH. Oh yes; here is a report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No report
that has been read.
Mr. ORTH. But then there is a report.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me that the
argument that is put forth by my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butleb] is entirely falla-
cious, and instead of being a reason why the
bill should not pass it is the very reason why
it should pass. These petitioners and the per-
sons uuder whom they claim have been in pos-
session of these lands for a great number of
years. I do not understand that there is any
law by which they can sue a man who sets up
some claim to the lands, they being in posses-
sion. But for the purpose of removing any
cloud upon their title they wanted the usual
congressional confirmation. They came here
to Congress for it and obtained it in the Sen-
ate. Thereupon Mr. Yulee, who was then a
member of Congress and who represented some
adverse interests, procured the passage of a
law by which persons setting up an adverse
claim might go into the courts ot Florida and
have the title settled. They have never seen
fit to do so in this long lapse of time.
Mr. OKTH. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. I do not know the merits of
this precise claim. If it has the approval of
the committee of this House, and has passed
the Senate, I can believe that upon the facts
it is equitable and just. But there is a ques
tion of public policy on which I wish to say
a word. Where private rights have been
claimed under a treaty, and the courts have
not been able to award them under the
treaty, or where the parties have been in pos-
session and their claim has been resisted, it
has been the uniform practice of the Govern-
