1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Southern Land Grants—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Heps.
ation and finance. Let me say here, however,
that Congress ought, in justice to the country,
to modify the costly and expensive systems of
finance and taxation to which the President
and Secretary of the Treasury seem so strongly
disposed to adhere. The country, sir, can
hope for nO measures of relief from them. Their
political motives and interests require that those
burdens should still be pressed upon the peo-
ple; that these costly systems of finance should
be upheld, and that reform should await the
advent to power of that party so auspiciously
inaugurated afPhiladelphia in August, 18G0—
a most indefinite period, sir ! But 1 have
no lingering doubt that Congress is awake to
its duty in this respect. I can see clearly
that before its adjournment we shall send to
the country most useful as well as most radical
reforms in this particular. Already the Com-
mittee of Appropriations report the estimates
reduced to $276,000,000, and I am assured by
gentlemen on the Committee of Ways and
Means that they are prepared to recommend a
reduction of taxes from all the great branches
of industry, and to place it upon liquors and
luxuries. Such assurances the distinguished
chairman of that committee gave us here on
this floor a few days since. Such unquestion-
ably will be the policy of this House. Let this
be done, sir, and let our taxes be laid so that
capital of every kind, whether invested in banks
or bonds, shall bear its share of the burdens of
the Government, and we may hope by the
blessings of God to attain our former pros-
perity.
Mr. Chairman, great indeed has been the
struggle of this country and great the sacri-
fices of its people within the last seven years.
With a great price have wo purchased this lib-
erty. Jt is not alone the heavy burdens of
taxation under which we are staggering and
the great debt we stand pledged to pay that
witnesses these our sufferings and our sacri-
fices. Not only our treasure, but the blood of
our fellow-citizens has been poured out like
water to purchase and maintain the national
life. On the mountains of Virginia and Ten-
nessee, along the banks of southern rivers,
and by the sounding sea lie buried the heroes
to whose valor and whose sacrifices we owe
the existence of our Government to-day. In
the households of the nation there is weeping
and mourning still for those that eome not
back from the hospital and the field of battle.
Let us be true to the memory of our dead
heroes and true t?> the pledges we have given
their surviving dependents, and never falter in
those principles that they have suffered and
died to maintain.
" Scattered on southern fields thev lie.
Where tropic breezes gently sigh;
Under the shade of orange tree,
Upon the fields of Oltistee;
Oron the sandy drifts that pile
The barren waste of Morris' Isle;
Buried in melancholy lines
Along the swamps of Seven Pines.
And hundreds more half-buried still
On slopes of Gaines' and Malvern Hill;
Lying beneath the waving grain
On broad Manassas' war-scarred plain :
Scattered 'mong gloomy woods that dress
Tile lone haunts of the Wilderness;
Adown the Mississippi's coast;
Among the winding bayous lost;
Or with a nation's tears interred
In thy great tomb, O Gettysburg.
Kest. ye brave men, where'er ye licl
Your valor brought us victory.
Green be the sod above your graves
O'er which your flag in triumph waves;
Green be your memory that lives
With all the brightness valor gives;
Hallowed by nations saved from wreck,
Hallowed by friends your graves shall dcct;
Hallowed by patriotic men,
Orator's tongue and poet's pen;
Though in uncoiiined graves ye lie,
Xo are of those not born to die."
Above all, let us not defame the memory of
these men by declaring, either by language or
our policy, that they fought only to reinstate
rebels once more in power. While we cherish
their memories let us vindicate their motives
and their actions.
In conclusion, let me add, in behalf of the
people whom I have the honor to represent,
and in behalf, I am sure, of my own gallant
State, that they will take no backward step.
With them the issues are made up and the
champions selected. On the one banner are
inscribed the principles and the policy which
carried ns triumphantly through the war and,
borne aloft by a brave and gallant soldier who
can both fight and speak, is to-day the herald
of victory. On the other are written the restor-
ation and supremacy of rebels, and it boasts a
champion worthy to speak and act for the "lost
cause," a champion who, looking on the hon-
ored and torn flag of the eleventh regiment,
whose old commander now leads our home
column, uttered these bitter words:
"That flag speaks more eloquently to-day than
human tongue can speak of the carnage of hell which
abolitionism lias brought upon the country—that
flag, until it was seized by red-handed abolitionism,
floated on every sea, was respected in every land,
and never trailed in the dust."
And who, when the friends of the Union
soldier were struggling to admit him to the
privileges of the ballot, declared that—
"The Democracy of the country will never submit
to the result of an election decided against them by
soldiers' votes."
Between these principles and these candi-
dates who can hesitate? New Hampshire sol-
diers, I am sure, will not. Their duty and
their feelings unite to guide their action. New
Hampshire knows her duty and will perform
it. From her mountains and her valleys, from
her farms and her workshops, and throughout
her borders we still hear the same clear, clarion
notes proclaiming her firm and steadfast in the
principles she has maintained for the last
twelve years, and which she will again vindi-
cate in lier coming election. On the 10th day
of March her liepublican columns file out into
line of battle, and every soldier will fix liis
beaming eye on that unmatched chieftain des-
tined to command the republican army and
to lead the destinies of this Republic for four
years to come. Even now, sir, by their quiet
firesides, around their family hearths, are they
reading these noble words of vindication and
appeal;
"And now, Mr. President, when my honor as a sol-
dier and integrity as a man have been so violently
assailed, pardon me lor saying that I can but regard
this whole matter, from the beginning to the end, as
an attempt to involve mo in the resistance oflaw, for
which you hesitated to assume the responsibility in
orders, and thus to destroy my character before the
country."
And, sir, let me say that as they read with
glistening eyes and flushed cheek, not only the
soldiers who have marched under his victori-
ous banner, and who remember him with pride
and affection, but the young and old, the true-
hearted men of the Granite State, will rally to
the support of that banner now inscribed with
the names of''Grant and Iiarriman," and send
their answering shout of triumph to the gallant
State of Ohio, just awakening from her leth-
argy to renew the contest for liberty and lie-
publican supremacy.
Southern Land Grants.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. IIOLMAN,
01!' indiana,
In- the House of Refresen-tativks,
February 4, 18GS.
The House having under consideration the bill to
subject, to the provisions of the homestead law lands
heretofore granted to and forfeited by railroad com-
panies—
Mr. HOLMAN said;
Mr. Speaker : I am in favor of the object
which this bill seeks to secure, and I have
sought the floor to enter my protest against the
assumption of gentlemen, that the support of
this measure necessarily implies hostility to
the interests of the southern States. It is an
unwarx-antable assumption. 1 speak only for
myself. As a member of this House I have
witnessed the passage of the bills by which
millions of acres of the public lands have been
granted to railroad corporations, and I have
witnessed the passage of other bills by which
such corporations have been relieved from their
forfeitures and by which grants originally large
have been enormously increased, and I have
uniformly voted against them. I have never
voted to grant a single acre of the public lands
to a corporation nor to reinvest such corpora-
tion with the title to lauds after a forfeiture.
I have voted against such an appropriation of
the public lands in the West, and in support-
ing this bill I apply the same principle to the
public lands in the South. 1 have resisted this
favoritism of corporations without reference to
the section of the Union in which the congres-
sional bounty was to be bestowed.
In my judgment the whole policy has been a
fatal error; and I cannot be deterred, sir, from
following this conviction of my judgment by
the assumption of gentlemen that this measure
is a discrimination against the South. I dis-
claim this, sir, the more earnestly because, as
a result of an unwise partisan policy, we are
affecting by this measure, for good or for evil, a
section of the Union unrepresented on this
floor; and because, sir, if this was a measure
of vengeance for the punishment of a whole
people 1 should deem it of all measures the
most pernicious. A great and victorious peo-
ple can afford to be magnanimous. By clem-
ency and forbearance we may restore peace
and fraternity, and assuage the bitter memories
of war. But laws conceived in hatred and
enacted in the spirit of vindictive passions will
provoke resentments which no lapse of time
will palliate, rendering still insecure all that we
have gained by victory. But I deny, sir, that
such is the purpose of this bill, whatever may
be the motive of gentlemen in giving it their
support. On the contrary, [ insist that it is a
measure in the interests of the whole people.
Indeed, sir, so far as these railroad corpora-
tions are concerned they are in the main formed
and their stock owned by citizens of the North,
and the resistance to the passage of this bill is
from New York more than from the cities of
the South.
What is the purpose of this bill, sir? In
1850, by several acts of Congress, grants of
public lands were made to certain railroad
companies of the South, such grants being of
every alternate section to the width of twelve
miles through the entire length of the proposed
roads, the companies to receive the title to and
have the right to sell one hundred and twenty
sections of land on the completion of each
twenty miles of road, but with this condition,
that "if the said roads are not completed
within ten years no further sales shall be made,
and the laud unsold shall revert to the United
States." These ten years have elapsed ; some
of these roads have not even been commenced
and none are completed, and those that are
in part completed have received their one hun-
dred and twenty sections—seventy six thousand
eight hundred acres of land for each twenty
miles of completed road; and having forfeited
every claim in either law or equity to the resi-
due of these lands, amounting to more than
five million acres, this bill proposes to throw
them open to the provisions of the homestead
law and give them to actual settlers—to the
landless and the homeless, who will occupy
and improve the lands and add to the wealth
of this country by their labor instead of to
these wealthy corporations. Can there be any
objection founded on public policy to such a
hill? In a country like ours is it not wiser to
bestow lands on the landless, to the men who
i will make them produce their harvests by their
| own labor, rather than on rich corporations
I for the purposes of speculation? Is it nor
j better to have many citizens masters ol their
|| own homesteads, the owners of the land they
l! cultivate, than to centralize this wealth of the
