260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
are left absolutely untouched by this bill.
Every soldier who deserted during the war will
be let't subject to all the penalties of the laws
against desertion with thp single exception of
this one, which declares him disfranchised and
decitizenized. We simply propose that this
additional penalty shall be removed, and that
he shall be remitted' to the laws in regard to
desertion as they existed at the time of the
passage of this act.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. Does not this twenty-first
section apply equally to those who deserted from
the regular Army as well as those who deserted
from the volunteers?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. And does not the other
laws applicable to desertion apply to those who
have deserted from the regular Army and can
be tried by court-martial?
Mr. GARFIELD. I suppose so.
Mr. ALLISON. What i want to get at is
whether these parties who deserted from the
Army can be tried by court-martial?
Mr. GARFIELD. Every man of them will
be remanded to the provisions of the laws as
they stood when this was enacted. The Arti-
cles of War are full and thorough on the crime
of desertion. This bill simply says that the
extraordinary disfranchising feature of the law
shall be repealed ; that all those who now stand
on the rolls as deserters shall be remitted to
the penalties provided in former laws, which
are entirely untouched by this legislation. I
should be sorry to have any gentleman suppose
that the Committee on Military Affairs would
for one moment propose to wipe out all pen-
alties of desertion. They have had no such
purpose, but simply to wipe out this one ex-
traordinary provision.
Mr. SCHENCK. In this connection I
wish to ask the gentleman one question. The
section which this bill proposes to repeal pro-
vides that, in addition to other penalties for
desertion, certain conduct on the part of
deserters shall be construed as a relinquish-
ment of their citizenship. Now, the gentle-
man says that this bill does not interfere with
the penalties for desertion in the Army. But
as to those persons who deserted and went to
Canada or into the ranks of the enemy and
have since returned to civil life—who are not
in the military service at all—is the gentleman
aware of any penalty reserved for them?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman now
yield to me for five minutes ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Taking the gentleman's
admission as my starting point, I say that if
you repeal that twenty-first section as it now
stands all these deserters to Canada, all these
deserters to the enemy, will go unwhipped of
justice. They cannot be tried by court-mar-
tial, for they are no longer in the military ser-
vice. Hence by this bill we wipe out the dis-
tinction between loyalty and disloyalty. Sir,
we have had enough of wiping out the distinc-
tion between loyalty and disloyalty ; and no
farther step shall be taken in that direction if
my vote or influence can prevent it.
Now, what is the whole effect of this law as
it now stands upon your statute-book? It does
not affect the right to hold office in the States,
except so far as citizenship of the State is in
any case by the State constitution dependent
upon citizenship of the United States. The
gentleman is mistaken on this point. He has
not carefully read the section. The whole sec-
tion is studiously drawn in such a way as, in
the first place, not to be ex post facto in its
Operation, and in the next place so .as to touch
Only the question of United States citizenship.
It is not ex post facto. It applies only to those
who, having deserted to the enemy or fled to a
foreign country to avoid the draft, fail to return
within a specified time. That is, the disfran-
chisement is to be the punishment for persist-
ency in staying away, for neglecting' to return
within a certain period after the issuing of a
presidential proclamation, for which that act
provided, and which was issued. The section
further provides that those who may desert
after the passage of the act shall be liable to
the same penalty. Thus it is in no sense ex
post facto.
Now, what penalty does this section pre-
scribe? It provides that these deserters, in
addition to the military penalties to which they
are subjected, and which the gentleman has
very properly explained, shall suffer the fur-
ther penalty of being considered as having
declared, when they deserted their country and
their country's cause, that they took no fur-
ther interest in that country or its defense. The
gentleman's argument in favor of repealing
this section (I had not the pleasure of being
here when this discussion opened, being de-
tained in my committee room) is, as I under-
stand, founded in a great measure upon the
inconvenience of enforcing the penalty. He
says the courts of the country decide that no
man can be held to be a deserter unless there
be the record of a conviction and sentence
under military law. Sir, I know that there
have been decisions of the courts to that effect;
I know that such a decision has been made in
my own county; but I deny the correctness
of that interpretation of the law. I say that
every question of fact upon which a person's
right to vote may depend is to be determined
by the registers in those States having regis-
tration laws; or where there are no registra-
tion laws such questions are to be decided at
the polls by the judges of the election.
I may state that we have no registration set-
ting forth the fact. The fact of the right to
vote is tried at the polls, and as a primary
question is to be settled by the judges of elec-
tion. Suppose a man of color presents him-
self in our State of Ohio to vote, who tries the
question of color? Do you require the record
of a court stating what is the fact? He is tried
on the spot by those two combined officers,
the register and the judge of election. Suppose
the question of alienage is raised—that the man
who presents himself to vote is said to be not
a citizen of the United States but a subject of
Great Britain—who decides that question? W hy,
sir, upon their peril and their responsibility
the judges of the election settle it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will allow my colleague
to fill up the remaining time, there being only
four or five minutes, with the understanding
that the bill shall be printed, so when it comes
up in the morning hour it shall be on every
member's desk. I desire every opportunity
shall be given consistent with the business of
the House for its consideration.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the bill will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will go on for a minute
or two; I have been compelled to talk rapidly
while confined in the strait-jacket of a few
minutes of time. It is suggested to me by my
friend that unless this statute remains these
men will escape punishment entirely. There
is no other mode of punishment for these men,
and my friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, admits that. This being
the only punishment, taking away disfranchise-
ment there remains to them no punishment
whatever. I was about illustrating the practi-
cal application of this law. If a man in the
State of Ohio presents himself at the polls
and any one comes forward and says, "I ob-
ject because you went to Canada; you went to
a foreign country to avoid the draft.; you went
away to prevent serving as a soldier," it is not
necessary to present the record of any military
court to show that the man is a deserter. That
is one of the ways of finding out whether a man
is a deserter or not. I admit it is the usual
way. and it is the way resorted to while the
man continues to be a soldier an<^ subject to
military jurisdiction; but the judges of elec-
tien and registers of votes try that question
of fact at the polls. When the question of a
man's rifrht. to vote is raised they try and set-
tle it upon their peril and responsibility, sub-
ject, it'they do a wrong to the man, to an action
in the courts from the person who was unjustly
deprived of the right to vote. It is tried as all
other questions of fact are tried. I lay down
the principle that, from the necessity of the
case in practice and by law in all the States
where eledPons are held, the qualifications of
electors are settled by the decision of the
judges of election in the case presented, and
they are responsible for what they do wrong
or maliciously in this matter by proceedings in
the courts as to the fact of a party being or not
being a deserter. It is like any other fact
triable by them.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired, and the bill went over until
to-morrow.
ship-building.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask consent to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That tlicrc.solulion adopted by this House
on November 25, as follows :
" llesolved, That in the judgment of this House it
is unnecessary to procced further at present in build-
ing or equipping ships of war "— ,
Shall not bo construed as an expression of the opin-
ion of this Housein favor of thodischarseof mechan-
ics or laboring men from the navy-yards of the coun-
try during the comins winter months.
Mr. ALLISON objected.
deficiency bill
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations to supply certain deficiencies; which
was read a first and second time, made the spe-
cial order after the morning hour to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
calling for information.
Mr. PIKE. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. A llison] withdraws his objection to my
resolution.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it.
joint resolutions signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled joint resolution (II. II. No. 12t3) chang-
ing the time of holding the annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, and joint resolution (H. R.
No. 119) in relation to the printing of the report
of the Postmaster General; when the Speaker
signed the same.
improvement of tiii3 pawtucket.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War ad
interim, transmitting a copy of the report of
Colonel Hansson, engineer, respecting the
improvement of the Pawtucket river, lihode
Island; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
indian trust f(.'ni).
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
•a communication from the Attorney General,
transmitting, in compliance with law, a report
upon the condition of the Indian trust fund
stocks ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted for an indefi-
nite time to Mr. Hill, on account of illness.
Mr. ROSS. I ask leave of absence for Mr.
slttmeaves.
There was no objection; and the leave was
granted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rales were suspended, and the House
