THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
nient to pass acts of Congress to meet the facts
so far as they were just in those cases.
Mr. STEVENS, ot'Pennsylvania. I would
ask whether where one party claims and an-
other party claims against him they have ever
came to Congress to have the question settled?
Mr. BANKS. Under the treaty of 1808 acts
of Congress of this character have been passed
up to 1867, settling the principles of interpret-
ation by which the treaty was to be adjudi-
cated. Under the treaty of 1818 there have
been, and there must be, acts of legislation
enabling parties to maintain themselves in pos-
session or enabling the courts to decide the
claims of parties under that treaty. This I
judge to be a case of that sort.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then pass
a general law.
Mr. ORTH. I merely wish to say that this
ijill reserves the rights of these adverse claim-
ants. It provides that this act shall not in any
way prejudice the rights of any claimants under
Underwood, or of any person or persons who
may he entitled to preemption rights under the
existing laws of the United States. I demand
the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 59, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orth,
and Butler of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was put on the passage of the
bill; and there were—ayes 55, noes 24; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orth,
and Washbukne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 29.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. WELKERand Mr. BUCKLAND asked
and obtained leave of absence until Tuesday
next.
Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. JOHNSON
asked and obtained leave of absence for one
week.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know how many leaves of absence have
been granted.
The SPEAKER. Five this morning and
seven yesterday.
message fkoji the senate.
_. A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Seriate had
passed a bill (S. No. 486) to facilitate the
settlement of certain prize cases in the southern
district of Florida, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 312) relating to
the pay of the Assistant Librarian of thellouse,
and the bill (H. R. No. 1120) for the relief of
the widow and children of Colonel James A.
Mulligan, deceased.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and fonid truly enrolled a
bill of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 780) for the relief of
Martha N. Jones, administratrix of Samuel
T. Jones.
abelard guthrie.
Mr. WINDOM asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House, leaving
copies, the papers of Abelard Guthrie, in the
case of the Wyandotte claim.
iron-clads.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution: which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Mesolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communieato to the Houso the report of
Captain James B. Eades on the iron-elads of Europe
and of this country.
clerks, etc., op interior department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the disbursing clerk of his Department,
relative to certain reductions from the amount
estimated as necessary for clerks and watch-
men in that Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
temporary clerks in indian bureau.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner on Indian
Affairs, asking for an appropriation of $29,600
for extra and temporary clerks in the Indian
Bureau, for the year ending June 30, 1869;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
george abbott.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting papers
in the case of George Abbott, late provost
marshal of the twelfth district of Illinois, to be
relieved from certain responsibility for bounty
money; which was referied to the Committee
of Claims.
riggs, bass, and pilkenton.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
report by the Adjutant General respecting the
claims of J. B. Riggs, William Bass, and Wil-
liam Pilkenton; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
destitute osage indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting
a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, relative to the destitute condition of the
Osage Indians in Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not asked
that those communications be printed, as it is
so late in the session. Should any of these
communications be of such a character as to
justify their printing, the committees to which
they have been referred can ask it.
washington and georgetown railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the president of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company, transmitting,
in compliance with the act of incorporation,
his annual report for the year ending January
1, 1868; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business.
Mr. PERHAM. There are some twenty or
more House bills granting pensions, to which
the Senate have made amendments. Those
bills are now on the Speaker's table. It is too
late in the session for them to be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions with any
hope that the committee will get an oppor-
tunity to report upon them. The committee
have informally examined those amendments,
and have instructed me to ask that amend-
ments to certain bills be agreed, to, and that
other amendments be not agreed to, but that a
committee of conference be asked. No debate
will be required, and I ask unanimous consent
that those Senate amendments be acted upon
at this time.
No objection was made.
almira wyeth.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 411) for the relief of Almira Wyeth
was then taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment was to strike out all of the'
bill after, the enacting clause, in these words
That the name of Almira "Wyeth, widow of James
M. Wyeth, late a private in company I, seventy-
fifth regiment Illinois volunteers, be placed on the
pension-roll in pursuance of existing law in such
cases, commencing on the 5th day of March, 1803.
And in lieu thereof insert:
That the Secretary of tile Interior ishereby author-
ized and directed to place the name of Almira Wyeth,
widow of James IVf. Wyeth, late a. private in com-
pany I, seventy-fifth regiment Illinois volunteers,
on the pension-roll, and allow and pay hor a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 5th
day of March, 1863, to continue during her widow-
hood.
The amendment was agreed to.
james s. todd.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 523) granting a pension to James S.
Todd was taken from the Speaker's table..
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following:
And to allow and pay him a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence from the
passage of this act, and to continue during his natural
life.
The amendment was agreed to.
elizabeth kaneday.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 671) granting a pension to the widow
of Henry Kaneday was taken from the Speak-
er's table.
The amendment was to make the bill read
as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior he, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth Kaneday,
the widow of Henry Kaneday, late a private in com-
pany I, fifteenth regiment Iowa infantry, and tof pay
her a pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing May 5,1862.
The amendment was agreed to.
rebecca jane kinskl.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 775) granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of Erastus Kinsel
were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized and directed to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Rebecca Jane Iiinscl, the only
child under sixteen years of age of Erastus Kinsel,
late a privato jn company A, one hundred and
twenty-fifth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, and
to pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing April 7, 186J, and to continue
until she attains the age of sixteen years.
Also to amend the title so as to read, "A
bill granting a pension to Rebecca Jane Kin-
sel."
The amendments were agreed to.
_ Mr. PERHAM. As to the other pension
bills on the Speaker's table the Committee on
Invalid Pensions recommend non-concurrence
in the amendments of the Senate.
jeremiah t. iiallett.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R.^No. 525) granting a pension to Jere-
miah T. Ilallett was taken from the Speaker's
table.
The amendment was to insert after the word
"infantry" the wotds ''and to allow and pay
him a pension at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per month ;" so that the bill will read :
That the Socretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to plaeo ou the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
01 the pension laws, the name of Jeremiah T. Hallett,
late a member of company 1, first United States
infantry, and to aUow and pay him a pension at the
rate of twenty-jive dollars per mouth, commencing
March 10,1864.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
