1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole [I
on tho state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair.! and resumed the consideration of
the president's annual message.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, on the
IStli of the present month I introduced into the
House ;i reflation touching the treaty-making
power of our nation, and that resolution was on
my own motion committed to the Qommittee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. In the
remarks which I shall now make to the com-
mittee I propose to address myself mainly to
that resolution. As I have no written argu-
ment, I ask the indulgence of the committee
while I present my views on this great ques-
tion ; and I do it in a spirit of humility because
I am treading in the footsteps of many of the
ablest expounders of the Constitution this
country has ever known.
Before I take up the thread of my argument!
I must be permitted to say, sir, that I listened
the other day with no small degree of surprise
to the eloquent remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Prcx>',] whom I have always
been proud to reckon among the most promi-
nent of my Democratic friends in this House,
because I found him embracing some of the
highest-toned Federal doctrines of the country,
and deserting the Randolphs, the Jeffersons,
the Madisons, the Macons, and all, in fact, of
his party and my party who have heretofore
spoken in this flail on this important subject.
Mr. PRUYN. I am glad to hear that the
gentleman belongs to the Democratic party.
Mr. SPALDING. I was a member of it ,
before the gentleman commenced going to
school. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRUYN. I wish the gentleman had
remained in it.
A Member. School has broke up. [Laugh- .
ter.] . |
Mr. SPALDING. However much I might j
be disposed to indulge in a little pleasantry
with my friend, I am not just now to be diverted |
from the course of argument which I have pro- j
posed to myself.
I will read the resolution which I had the I
honor to offer, and it will be noticed that it is |
for the most part copied literally from that i
famous resolution which was introduced into
the Congress of 1796, when the famous Jay
treaty was under consideration in this House.
It was contended by the old-school Federalists
that the treaty of Mr. Jay, having been sanc-
tioned by two thirds of the Senate, had become
the law of the land, and that the House of ■
Representatives had nothing to say upon the
subject of the expediency of carrying the treaty
into effect one way or the other. ,
To test the sense of the House upon the great
question then sprung for the first time upon
Congress, under the Constitution, this resolu-
tion was introduced: I
"Retolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution that
the President 'shall have power, by and with the
adrice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present con- |
cur,' the House of Representatives do not claim any .
agency in making treaties; but that when a treaty
stipulates regulations on any of the subjects submit-
ted by the Constitution to the power of Congress it
must depend for its execution a? to such stipulations
on a law or laws to be passed by Congress. And it is
the constitutional right and duty of the House of
Representatives in all such cases to deliberate on the
expediency or inexpediency of carrying such treaty
into effect, and to determine and act thereon ns in
their judgment may be most conducive to the public
good."
This is in substance my resolution, and I
adopt it, in terms, as the foundation of the whole
subject to be discussed. The late treaty made
with the emperor of Russia contains a con-
tract whereby the emperor of Russia transfers
to the United States of America all his terri-
torial domain upon the North American con-
tinent, what is commonly called Aliaslca. As
a consideration for this transfer of territory
the treaty stipulates that the United States
shall pay to Russia the sum of $7,200,000.
The President in his message to Congress j1
tells us that this treaty is ratified, and it remains ! j
for Congress to carry it into execution. Uu- li
doubtedly at some future period a bill will be
laid before this House appropriating the neces-
sary amount of money to pay for this large
acquisition of territory.
The question which here presents itself is,
are we bound constitutionally and morally to
pass such an appropriation bill? Or may we,
when we are exercising a portion of the high
functions appertaining to us as legislators of
the nation, inquire into the expediency of
applying this sum of money to the purchase of
this territory ? On this question I take the
affirmative. My friend from New York, [Mr.
Prvyx,] I understand, took the negative in his
argument the other day.
Mr. PRUYN. Not entirely so.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand, with that
gentleman, that the Constitution of the United
States gives to the President in connection with
the Senate the whole treaty-making power of
the uation. I concede freely and fully that
this House has nothing to do with making a
treaty, good, bad, or indifferent. But when-
ever a treaty makes provision for the exercise
of powers involving any one of the legislative
powers given by the Constitution to Congress,
then the members of this House, representing
the people of this nation, have a right, and it is
their bounden duty, to inquire if it is expedient,
under the circumstances, that their peculiar
powers shall be exerted in conformity with the
treaty, or, in other words, to inquire whether
the best interests of the nation require them
to pass concurrent acts which shall carry into
execution the treaty thus made.
Now to the argument. The Constitution of
the United States in section two of article two,
speaking of the powers of the President, de-
clares that— ,
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur."
Then, in the second paragraph of the sixth
article of the Constitution it is written—
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United
; States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and
all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the
! authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
I law of the land; and the judges in every State shall
| be bound thereby, anythingin the constitution or laws
j of any .State to the contrary notwithstanding."
It has sometimes been argued, and that too
by wise men upon this floor, that the clause
declaring a treaty the supreme law of the land
was only intended to operate upon the States ;
that it should be considered the supreme law
of the land over and above the acts of State
Legislatures. I decline to enter into that sort
of argument; I do not think it will" hold much
water.''
I prefer to concede at once that a treaty
made as the Constitution provides it shall be
made becomes the supreme law of this nation,
and, as a matter of course, of every component
part of the nation. But I insist that in order
to become the supreme law of the land it |
shall be made under " the authority of the ;
United States." i
There is found in the Constitution a grant of
pow^r that renders this last paragraph a very
material clause to be considered when defining
the extent of the treaty making power. I turn
back to the first section of the first article of
that great instrument, and I find it written—
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in aCongress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives."
By what authority, then, do the Chief Execu-
tive of the nation and a two-thirds majority of
our coordinate branch, the Senate, attempt to
take from us a single iota of the power which j
by this first clause of the Constitution is con- j
ferred upon us in conjunction with the Senate?
The President and the Senate may make a j
treaty. The House has no agency in making |
that treaty ; and as in many cases treaties will !
execute themselves without the agency or
instrumentality of Congress, so far so good.
A treaty, when it will execute itself, becomes
to all intents and purposes " the supreme law
of the land." But suppose the treaty goes
further, |tud in some of its provisions attempts
the exercise of powers which directly conflict
with and cut across powers given by the Con-
stitution to Congress, as was the case in a
treaty which I shall cite by and by—the com-
mercial treaty negotiated with Great Britain in
1810, just after our war with that country ?
I inquire whether Congress is not tire only
power authorized by the Constitution to raise
revenue for the purposes of the nation; and I
inquire in the next breath in which branch of
Congress must revenue bills originate? In the
House of Representatives. Then suppose the
American negotiator to have concluded a treaty
with Great Britain—a commercial treaty, if
you please to call it so—by the terms of which
all goods imported into the United States from
Great Britain should come in free of duty.
Suppose that the treaty is negotiated under the
sanction of the President, and by him sent to
the Senate, and is by two thirds of the Senators
confirmed, ratified, and approved. Is this
House of Representatives to sit with folded
arms and see so important a part of the rev-
enues of the nation sacrificed at oncc through
the instrumentality of a treaty without raising
the voice of remonstrance against such a vio-
lation of their legislative powers? This is an
extreme hypothetical question ; but in order
to test a principle we have a right to take ex-
treme cases ; and I ask any gentleman whether
our tariff upon goods imported from Great
Britain could be sacrificed without the agency
of this House, through the negotiations and
ratification of such a treaty by the President
and the Senate of the United States? It does
seem to me, Mr. Chairman, that the very state-
ment of that question is sufficient to show the
fallacy of the argument on the other side that
treaties ratified by the Senate without any
action on the part of the House are in all
instances the supreme law of the land, and
that we, the Representatives of the people, sim-
ply sit here as so many automatons to carry
out the great behests of the treaty-making
power.
Sir, while I proclaim on this floor that I am
not opposed to any treaty which, so far as I
know, may have been negotiated thus far by
the proper authorities of the nation, and while
my vote may be expected to assist in carrying
into effect any treaty which is right and rea-
sonable in itself, yet, with alWuc deference to
the wisdom of the President and the Senate, I
reserve to myself the privilege of saving, when
I consider that a power expressly lodged in
this House by the Constitution is trenched
upon by the treaty-making power, whether I
will yield consent or not.
If the right to regulate tariff duties upon
imported goods from Great Britain cannot be
taken from the hands of this House by a treaty
sanctioned by the Senate much less the power
of drawing money from the public Treasury
be taken from this House as one branch of
Congress. Seven million two hundred thou-
sand dollars are soon to be called for; and the
Constitution says that no appropriation of
money from the Treasury shall be made with-
out the authority of Congress, the law-making
power. Will this treaty execute itself? No;
gentlemen say it will not; but there will be
submitted to this House a proposition for an
appropriation of $7,200,000 to carry the Rus-
sian treaty into effect; and it is contended that
we are bound, without any option or exercise
of discretion on our part, to pass that appro-
priation bill. I deny it. I deny it in the face
of perhaps the highest authority and the most
respected orf any to which reference could be
made in the history of this nation. I deny it
in defiance of the message of George Wash-
ington, transmitted to the House of Repre-
sentatives in March, 1790.
It will be recollected that when a bill to carry
into effect the celebrated treaty of Mr. Jay was
under consideration in the House of Repre-
sentatives a resolution was adopted calling upon
President Washington to transmit a copy of
that treaty and the important documents con-
nected with it for the -consideration of the
House. I hold in my hand the reply of Presi-
