3694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
eion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
ot the pension iaw^, the names ot Sarah A. Wilklow,
the widow, and Alinira, Enima, and Mary Wilklow,
children under sixteen years of age, of Myron Wuk-
low, late a member of company B, forty-seventh
Ohio volunteers, and to pay her a pension of four-
teen dollars per month, commencing June 2,1865.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
heirs of andrew iiolmax.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. li. No. 670) granting a pension to the
widow and children of Andrew Ilolman were
taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to insert in line
six the name "Kezia Holman," and also to
strike out the word " minor'' and iuseitthe
word " three j" in line seven, after the word
"children," to insert the words ''under six-
teen years of age]11 and in line nine, after the
word il infantry," to insert the words uand to
pay her a pension at the rate of fourteen dol-
lars per month; so that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
eion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, tho names of Kezia Ilolman,
the widow, and the thre« children under sixteen years
of age, of Andrew Ilolman, late aprivate in company
G, twenty-ninth regiment of Ohio volunteer infantry,
and to pay her a pension at tho rate of fourteen dol-
lars per month, commencing March 26,18G5.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
heirs of charles w. wilcox.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 672) granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of Charles W. Wil-
cox were taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to insert in line six
tlie name of "Martha J. Wilcox," and also
to strike out the word "minor," and insert
"James W., Clarindal., Ira 12., and Charles
If. Wilcox;" in line seven, after the word
"children," to insert "under sixteen years of
age;" and in line nine, after the word "vol-
unteers," to insert "and to pay her a pension
at the rate of sixteen dollars per month; so
that the hill will read:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on tho pen-
sion-roll, subject to tho provisions and limitations
of tlio pension laws, the names of Martha J. Wilcox,
the widow, and James \V„ Clarinda I., Ira 13., and
Charles E. "Wilcox, children under sixteen years ol
age, ofCharles W."Wilcox,lateof company B, ninety-
seventh Illinois volunteers, and to pay to her a pen-
sion nt the rate of sixteen dollars per month, com-
mencing March 1C, 1863.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
IlEIKS OF JOHN S. 1'HELl'S.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 673) granting a pension to the widow
and minor children ot'.lohn 8. Phelps were
taken from the Speaker's table.
Tho amendments were to insert in line six
the name " Saffrotia 0. Phelps;" and also to
strike out the word "minor" and insert
"CalebS. Phelps;" in line seven to strike
out the word "children" and insert "child
under sixteen years of age in line eight to
insert the word "second" before "lieuten-
ant;" in linenine, aftertlieword "volunteer,"
to insert " and to pay her a pension at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month for herself during
widowhood, and two dollars per month for the
said child until he shall attain the age of six-
teen years so that the bill will read :
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of SaffronaO. Phelps,
the widow, and Caleb S. Phelps, child under sixteen
years of age of JohnS. Phelps, lato a second lieuten-
ant in thethirty-fifthregimentof Kentucky mounted
infantry, and to pay her a pension at tho rate of fif-
teen dollars per month for herself during widow-
hood, and two dollars per month for the said child
until he shall attain the afire of sixteen years, com-
mencing July 23,1863.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
iieies of cornelius l - rice.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. E. No. 675) granting a pfension to the
widow and minor children of Cornelius L.
Rice were taken from the Speakers table.
The amendments were to insert in line six
the name of" Elizabeth llice;" and also to
strike out the words "minor children" and
insert the words " William T. S. Rice, the
child under sixteen years of age and in line
nine, after the word "volunteers," to insert the
words "and to pay her a pension of ten dol-
dollars per mouth so that the bill will read:
That tho Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
Mon-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, tho names of Elizabeth Rice,
the widow, and William T. S. Rice, the child under
sixteen years of age, of Cornelius L. Itice, late a
member of company B, ninety-first regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, and to pay her a pension of ten
dollars per month, commencing December 4,18-56.
Also, to amend the title so as to read: "A
bill granting a pension to the widow and minor
child of Cornelius L. Ilice."
The amendments were non-concurred in.
.MINOR CHILDREN OP JAMES HEATHERLY.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
K. No. 677) granting a pension to the minor
children of James Heatherly were taken from
the Speaker's table.
The amendments were to insert in line six
the names of "Joseph, Sarah, Loami, Fran-
cis, and James Ileatherly in line seven to
strike out the word "minor " before the word
"children;" and after the word "children"
to insert the words " under sixteen years of
age;" in line nine, after the word "volun-
teers," to insert "and to pay them a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month;" in
lines ten and eleven, to strike out the words
"December 19, 1866," and insert "January
24, 1865, and to continue until they severally
attain the age of sixteen years; " so that the
bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on tho pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of tho pension laws, t'ho names of Joseph, Sarah,
Loami, Francis, and James Ileatherly, the children
under sixteen years of age of James Heatherly, late
of company E, eleventh West Virginia volunteers,
and to pay them a pension at the rate of eisht dol-
lars per month, commencing January 24,1805, and
to continuo until they severally attain the ago of
sixteen years.
The amendments were non-coheurred in.
Mr. PEIIHAM. I move the apppointment
of a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the pension
bills just acted on by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise for
the purpose of moving that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the Senate amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 605) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
ot the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1869. Before making that motion I
desire to move that when the House shall re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole,
all general debate shall terminate in twenty
minutes, leaving only the five-minutes debate
pro and con. on amendments.
Mr. BANKS. Without making any objec-
tion to the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, I wish to give notice, that on next
Tuesday, afterthe morning hour, I shall move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
(if the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the Alaska bill, the vote having been ordered
to bo taken on Thursday.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the Chair will regard the Alaska bill as post-
poned in Committee of the Whole until next
Tuesday morning after the morning hour, that
bill now having priority by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 wish
to understand what is now the order of business
in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
in Committee of the Whole is the deficiency
bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does
the gentleman from Illinois propose to take tm
that bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
desire to have considered first, the amendments
to the legislative appropriation bill, as it is
desirable the bill should go to a committee of
conference as early as possible.
Mr. SPALDING. Are there not two small
appropriation bills pending in Committee of
tho Whole?
The SPEAKER. There are; but they are
not general appropriation bills, which have
priority in Committee of the Whole over all
other business.
Mr. SPALDING. Bull had an understand-
ing with the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that he would give way to allow
those bills to be taken up.
The SPEAKER. No understanding can
change the order of business in Committee of
the Whole unless it is the understanding of the
committee itself or of the House.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, that
when the House shall resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole all general debate upon
the Senate amendments to the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill terminate
in twenty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the bill, (H. R. No. 605) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that this bill be
laid aside. My object is to have the com-
mittee take up two bills making appropriations
for benevolent institutions in this District.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. We have entered, Mr. Chair-
man , upon a new fiscal year, and the last appro-
priation bill to provide for its expenditures has
been reported and is now before the House.
The occasion seems a fit one for a brief survey
of our financial situation and for a pertinent
answer to the many misrepresentations so
industriously set afloat in regard to govern-
mental expenditures. A very labored attempt
has been made throughout the country by cer-
tain parties and partisans to create the impres-
sion that the expenditures of this Congress are
on a scale of heedless and reckless extrava-
gance. I propose to show that such is not the
fact, but that, on the contrary, the expendi-
tures are made with far more regard to econ-
omy than distinguished the last Democratic
administration that was in power in this coun-
try. The question is one of figures and not of
argument, and hence I proceed at once to the
figures.
It is important at the outset, to a clear under-
standing and clear comparison of Government
expenditures at the present time and the
period immediately preceding the war, to dis-
tinguish between those expenditures which
were the inevitable consequence of the rebel-
lion, and therefore unavoidable, and those
which may be to a certain extent controlled by
the discretion and the fidelity of Congress. Of
those expenditures, which are the direct out-
growth of the rebellion, I count the interest
on the war debt and the pensions and bounties
to soldiers and sailors. These are expenditures
which are not discretionary but are impera-
tively demanded, unless the nation is prepared
on the one hand to defraud its creditors, or on
the other to turn its back on the brave men
who risked everything that the Republic
might survive.
The annual interest on the public debt
amounts to one hundred and twenty-nine mil-
