262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
dent Washington to that resolution, which was
presented to him in the most respectful man-
ner by a committee consisting of Mr. Edward
Livingston and Mr. Albert Gallatin:
" Gentlemen of the House of Representatives :
"With the utmost attention 1 have considered your
resolution of the 24th instant requesting mo to lay
beforo your Ilouso a copy of the instructions to the
minister of the United States who negotiated the
treaty with the king of Great Britain, together with
tho correspondence and other documents relative to
that treaty, excepting such ot the said papers as any
existing negotiation may render improper to be dis-
closed. , . ... ...
" In deliberating upon this subject it was impossible
for me to lose sightof the principlo which some have
avowed in its discu>sion or to avoid extending: my
views to the consequences which must flow from the
admission of that principle. .
" I trust that no part of my conduct has ever indi-
cated a disposition to withhold any information
which the Constitution has enjoined upon the Pres-
ident a- a duty to give, or which could be required
ot' him by either llouse of Cougrcss as a right; and
witii truth I affirm that it has been, as it will con-
tinue to bo while I have the honor to preside in the
Government, my constant endeavor to harmonize
with tho other branches thereof, so far as the trust
delegated to ine by tlio people of the United States
and mvsense of the obligation it imposes to 'pre-
serve, protect, and defend tho Constitution' will per-
mit."
Mr. Chairman, I will not read the whole of
the message, but will come directly to the mat-
ter which I wish to bring to the attention of
the committee:
" Ilaving been a member of tho General Conven-
tion. and knowing the principles on which the Con-
stitution was framed, I have never entertained but ;
one opinion on this subject, and from the first cstab- 1
lishment of the Government to this moment my 1
conduct hasexemplified thatopinion.that the power
of making treaties is exclusively vested in the Presi-
dent, by and with tho advice and consent of the
Senate, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur; and that every treaty so made and promul-
gated ihenceforward becomes the law of tho land.
It is thus that the treaty-making power has been
understood byforeign nations, and in all tho treaties
mado with them we have declared and they have
bciieved that when ratified by the President, with
the advice and consent of tho S.nate, they become
obligatory. In this construction of the Constitu-
tion every Ilouso of Representatives has heretofore
acquiesced, and until the present time not a doubt
or suspicion has appeared to my knowledge that this
construction was not the true one. Nay, they have l
more than acquiesced; for until now, without con-
troverting the obligation of such treaties, they have
made all tho requisite provisions for carrying them
into effect." - j
Now, there is no room for doubt that in this \
message George Washington, then President j
of the United '"States, expressed himself in j
favor of the construction given to the treaty- j
making power as claimed the other day by the
able gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pp.uyn,]
and there is no doubt he was followed in that
opinion by all the leading Federalists of his
day and of the succeeding Administration. But
Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Madison, Mr. Nicholson,
Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Macon, the fathers of
the early Republican party, took a different
ground. They agreed with General Washing-
ton that the President and Senate constituted
the treaty-making power, and whenever they
could make a treaty without trenching upon any
constitutional powers given to Congress the
treaty would execute itself. But where there
is a failure of power in the President and Sen-
ate to carry the treaty into effect, when the
treaty would require the concurrent action of
Congress to give it the power and the force of
a supreme law of the land, then without that
concurrent action of Congress it is not the
supreme law of the land for it has not quoad
hoc been made "under the authority ofthe Uni-
ted States." So I hold that the treaty made
with the emperor of Russia is as yet inchoate,
although affirmed by the Senate, so far as it
requires an appropriation of $7,200,000. And
it would have been well, Mr. Chairman, for
the negotiator of that treaty to have inserted
a proviso reserving the constitutional right of
Congress iu this matter either to make or not to
make the appropriation to carry it out. And,
by the way, I believe it would be well for our
negotiators hereafter to save the rights of Con-
gress by a proviso of this sort to every treaty.
But,.sir, whether that be so or not, I fall
back #pou another position. Any foreign
negotiator who undertakes to deal with this
Government is presumed to have a knowledge <
of the structure of our Government. The
emperor of Russia or his minister is presumed
to know that the appropriation of the purchase-
money required the concurring action of Con-
gress. They were bound to know that. Hence
1 take it that the treaty was ratified with the
implied understanding that it still remained
for Congress in its wisdom and discretion to
appropriate a sufficient sum of money to carry
it into full and complete effect. When Con-
gress should pass an act appropriating the
money then, and not till then, would the treaty
become " the supreme law of the land."
Upon the reception of the message from
General Washington to which I have adverted
the House of Representatives proceeded to the
consideration of the resolution already recited,
offered, if I mistake not, by Mr. Blount, then
of North Carolina. That resolution, which cov-
ers the whole question—there is no dodging in
it—was debated for four long weeks by the best
minds of America, then in Congress, and when
after this ample discussion the vote was taken
by yeas and nays there was a majority in the
House of Representatives of twenty-seven for
its adoption, although, at the same time, when
they passed upon the policy of carrying the
treaty into execution, the treaty itself had a
majority of three votes. So that we find some
thirty men voting for this resolution as a prin-
ciple under our Government when at the
same time they were prepared to vote for car-
rying the treaty into execution.
I might here remark that the treaty was
finally voted to be carried into execution under
the influence of that memorable speech made
by Fisher Ames, of Massachusetts, who at that
time was apparently drawing near the end of
his earthly career. I h ve been told by a gen-
tleman who was a member of Congress at the
time and sat by his side that when Mr. Ames
rose to speak he begged his friend if he found
liim going beyond his strength to draw him
by his coat to his chair, and when he got
through that long and eloquent speech—one
which perhaps never will be equaled in the
United States—I doubt whether Demosthenes
or Cicero in the days of their highest glory
and most palmy eloquence ever surpassed it—
I say that when he was through and tbok his
seat, finding himself completely exhausted,
he said to his friend, "Sir, why did you not do
as I requested you? Why did you not draw
me to my chair?" 11 Why," said he, '* if I had
known that you would have dropped into your
chair dead the next instant after closing your
speech I could not have stopped you." And
the eloquence of that speech had such a pow-
erful effect upon that sage assembly that they
would not then take the vote; they dare not
take tho vote ; they adjourned to give time for
coolness and reflection ; but finally the treaty
was carried by a vote of three majority.
Now, the resolution which I have read, and
which obtained a majority of twenty-seven
voU's in that House, was simply adopted as a
declaration of principle that it might stand as
a monument for us and those who shall come
after us against any inroads upon the p wers
given to Congress by the framers of the Con-
stitution.
But. Mr. Chairman, it was not very long
after that treaty of Mr. Jay was ratified and
carried into execution before a Bimilar ques-
tion sprang up in the House of Representa-
tives, where ''the boot was upon the other
leg." When Mr. Jefferson transmitted a mes-
sage to Congress asking for the proper legisla-
tion to carry into effect the treaty bymeansof
which Louisiana was purchased from France Mr.
Roger Griswold, a Representative from Con-
necticut and a high-toned Federalist, moved a
resolution that the President be requested to
transmit a copy of the treaty and other docu-
ments toexplain that treaty, and toenablethem
to ascertain whether by means of it they really
obtained any territory. The pertinent reply
was made to him : " When the Jay treaty was
under consideration you denied that Congress
had the right to call upon the President for
any papers pertaining to a treaty, an&nowyou
are asking the same thing." Mr. Jefferson,
in his message, had expressly requested Con-
| gress to pass any acts necessary to carry that
treaty into execution. The Federal party of
that day, in the Congress of 1803, attempted to
dodge the position assumed by them in 1706,
but the movement was of an embarrassing
character.
The advocates of a rigid adherence to the
constitutional rights of Congress were clearly
in the ascendancy. As a historical fact I will
state here that the vote to carry the treaty for
the purchase of Louisiana into effect was car-
ried ?n the House of Representatives by a
majority of 65. There were 90 in the affirma-
tive, and in the negative there were 25. And
that, too, was after a long discussion, as we
all know—a very long discussion, involving the
very same principle for which I now contend.
Again, in 181G—and perhaps this will be a
" more apt illustration of the question which is
likely to come before us during the present
session of Congress—in the year 1816 a treaty
of commerce and navigation was negotiated
between this country and Great Britain. That
treaty was transmitted to the Senate by Mr.
Madison and approved in the constitutional
way.
Before 1816 there was a discriminating duty
upon goods imported from England in Amer-
ican bottoms and those imported in English
bottoms, a higher class of duty being imposed
upon goods brought in English bottoms. The
treaty of 1816 did away entirely with this
; discriminating duty, and permitted goods to
be brought in English ships upon the same
terms as in American. It was upon that
provision of the treaty that a discussion sprung
up in the House of Representatives, it being
argued that this interference with the tariff laws
of the United States could not be had through
a treaty negotiated by the President with the
approbation of the Senate unless the House
exercised some concurrent power over this
branch of a subject which is expressly confided
to Congress.
! That subject was debated for a great number
1 of days and with much ability. The conclu-
sion of the whole matter was that it was
deemed necessary to legislate to carry the treaty
into effect, and a bill passed the House by a
majority of 15 votes, or yeas 86, nays 71.
So that in every one of these noted instances—
Jay's treaty in 1796, the French treaty for
the purchase of Louisiana in 1803, and (he
commercial treaty with Great Britain in 1816—-
the House of Representatives stood its ground,
according to the principles of the Constitu-
tion as the majority understood them, and
vindicated this very proposition which I stand
here to-day to suppoi t.
In the course of the discussion in the Con-
gress of 1816 Mr. Taylor, of New York, made
one ofthe best argumentative speeches upon this
subject in the House of Representatives which
1 have ever read. I wish to read a small por-
tion of what was said by Mr. Taylor at that
time. It is so much more cogently and elo-
quently spoken than I could possibly say it
myself that I shall be glad to adopt it as part
of my argument. I read from the Annals of
Congress, first session Fourteenth Congress,
pages 61!) to G21:
" Mr. Speaker, it has been asked whether tho
treaty will not be executed even if Congress refuse
to pass a law for that purpose. I answer in tbe neg-
ative. By the existing laws goods imported into tho
United States from Great Britain in American ves-
sels payacertain duty, and goods imported in British
vessels pay a different duty. By the treaty it is
agreed that in both eases they shall be charged
with the same duty: the treaty does not, neither
could it, determine what that duty should be;
whether it should be the higher or lower rati; or
a modification oi both; that could only be dctided
by municipal law; to make that decision tho bill
under discussion is introduced; legislation on-tho
subject is thought necessary by the President him-
self. Id his message communicating the treaty he
says: 'I recommend to Congress such legislative
provisions as the convention may call for on the part
ofthe United States.' Such is not the torr.i in which
treaties capable ot rxecuting themselves are com-
municated. For a proof ot t'.iis I r-.fcr gentlemen to
the Piesident\ mc-'ag" at ti>". late sct>ion of ^Con-
gress annountin^' tl:p u ^atv o'' --q^co with Great
Britain.
