2670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
" Question. For what purpose did you give it to
Sheridan Shook?
"Answer. Forsafekeepingformeasanindividual.
Let me correct myself there. I save that money to
Shook to take over to New York to keep for me till
a day ortwo, when I intended to go to New York.
Then Dunleavy came and asked mo to go West and X
thought I had better go. I made up my mind to go
there instead of going to New York, and I let him
carry it along.
" Question. Well, you gave it to him finally?
'Answer. He kept it from the time I gave it to
him.
t'4" Question. Has he got it now ?
" Answer. I guess so, unless he spent it.
Question. Did you take any memorandum for it?
Answer, No, sir; I did not want it.
" Question. Supposing he should have been killed?
" Answer. I would have taken my ehance.
" Question. Did you go on with Sheridan Shook in
the same train ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Whatsort of a package was the money
in?
" Answer. No.paekage at all.
" Question. Did you count it ?
"Answer. I do not recollect exactly. I kept what
I thought I would want myself, and gave him the
parcel. If I were to state closely it was about six-
teen thousand ono hundred dollars. It was not sev-
enteen thousand dollars, I am satisfied.
" Question. Where did you get that money that
you sent by Sheridan Shook?
" A7iswer. That is a part of the money that came
out of the.bank
and whereas your committee believe the reasons
given by tliowitnessindecliningtoanswerarewholly
untrue and evasive, and the refusal to answer is a
deliberate contempt of the authority of the House,
and done for the purposo of concealing the fact and
embarrassing'pubhc justicc: Therefore,
Hetolved, Thatsaid Woolley, for his lepeated con-
tempt of the authority of the House, be kept until
otherwise ordered by thcllouso inclose confinement
in the guard-room of the Capitol police, by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, until said Wool ley shall fully answer
tho questions above recited, and all Questions put to
him by said committee in relation to tho subject
of the investigations with which the committee is
charged, and that meanwhile no persons shall com*
municato with said Woolley, in writing or verbally,
except upon the order of the Speaker.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my colleague to
yield to mo for a few moments.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that last
evening when we were endeavoring to obtain
an acting majority in this House for the prac-
tical purposes of legislation, I felt it to be my
duty to name gentlemen of both parties who,
having been present at the commencement of
tho call, afterward left the Hall. I have
since ascertained in reference to one of the
gentlemen whom I named, the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] and I am satisfied that
he was called away by an i mperative engagement
which .any gentleman in the House would have
felt was absolutely necessary for him to fulfill,
and that immediately upon his hearing that the
House was involved in a difficulty in getting
an ac;ing majority here lie returned to the
Hall and arrived about the time the House
adjourned. And the same information is also
communicated to me in reference to the other
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] that he
was here ready to make his appearance with-
out having been sent for, having come when
he received his notice. I do not withdraw any
criticism made upon the general habit of mem-
bers^ absenting themselves from the Hall, and
leaving the House to struggle on in the way we
were doing under the call last evening after
having answered to their names in the firgt
place; but I thought it due to the two gentle-
men I named, to state that I have this inform-
ation in regard to their cases, inasmuch as it
was I who called the attention of the House
to the fact that they had conducted themselves
as they did.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is not
my purpose to delay the House but for a very
few minutes in the opening of this discussion,
and chiefly for the reason that I desire that
gentlemen who stand opposed to this resolu-
tion shall be permitted, as far as possible,
under the limitation of the rules, to be heard.
I desire to say further that it is a matter of
great regret with me—as I doubt not it is with
all the members of the House—that the witness,
has by his conduct imposed upon the House tho
necessity of exercising its undoubted power to
commit him to prison until he answers the
questions that are put to him in pursuance of
the order of the House. I desire to say fur-
ther that the witness has concluded all parties
in this House and out of the House as to the
pertinence of the questions that have been put
to him and which he has refused to answer.
In that connection I say further, briefly, that,
first, independent of the testimony of the wit-
ness, by the testimony of Thurlow Weed, and,
I may add, the testimony of others not yet
published, but by the testimony of Mr. Weed,
published to the House, this witness, on the
4th or 5th day of May, 1868, pending this im-
peachment, was present in the city of New
York, along with Sheridan Shook and an-
other, at the room of Mr. Weed, proposing to
raise money for the express and avowed pur-
pose of purchasing the votes of Senators in
the matter of impeachment and acquitting the
President. That is the fact in this case; a
fact upon the record ; a fact not yet challenged
by anybody; and, I undertake to say, a fact
never to be challenged hereafter by any witness.
There is one further fact, Mr. Speaker, to
show the importance and necessity of this ac-
tion of the House. The witness having set out
voluntarily on the business of raising money
for the avowed purpose of purchasing the votes
of Senators in the matter of the impeachment
of the President, and to work his acquittal,
proceeded to raise a large sum of money. The
fact appears by his own testimony and the other
testimony that, after that date, in the city of
Washington, he raised §20,000 in money, and
when it became necessary to compel the wit-
ness to tell where he got the money and what
he did with it, and he was asked what he did
with the $20,000, his answer has gone to the
country, under his own oath, that he sent
$16,000 to Cincinnati to one Straub, or some
such person. He was then asked what he did
with the remaining $4,000, and his answer is
that he cannot tell; that he expended some four
orfive hundred dollars in feasting certain gentle-
men who were interested in the matter of im-
peachment. Being asked what he did with the
residue of the $4,000, he never answered, but
on being asked further, "How did you send
the $10,000 to Straub?" hesaid, "By check." ,
" Whose check ? " " My check on the Com-
mercial Bank of Cincinnati." "Was it paid?"
"Doubtless it was." " Out of what fund?"
"Out of my own money deposited in the bank,
where I kept twenty or twenty-five thousand
dollars." "Having sent your check on the
Cincinnati bank for $16,000, what did'you do
with the $10,000 which you drew here?"
" Oh, I sent it to New York; gave it to Sher-
idan Shook, who carried it to New York. I
gave it to hirn for safe keeping ; I gave him
between sixteen and seventeen thousand dol-
lars." Sheridan Shook was called. His evi-
dence is set out before the House in this report,
and he swears that he gave him- nothing, not
one cent.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
will please not interrupt me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
would allow me to ask him as to a matter of
fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will state the matter of
fact before I am done with it. Sheridan Shook
comes and answers that Woolley did not de-
liver to him one cent—not one cent. What does
the witness do about it when he finds himself
in this strait? He comes before the commit-
tee and says that he asks that his testimony
shall be stricken out. Why so? Because the
chairman of the committee happened to be sick
and was, therefore, not present when the oath
was administered, claiming that he was not
bound to testify truthfully upon the oath being
administered by any other member of the com-
mittee. The committee had appointed a sub-
committee, and the act which misled the wit-
ness and his counsel, as gentlemen will see,
never did apply to special committees. The
power of a special committee to administer
oaths is a power conferred not by statute, but
by tho act of the House by its resolution. Any
member of the committee had a right to ad-
minister the oath, and any member of the sub-
committee had a right to administer the oath.
But he comes before the committee and asks
that his testimony shall be stricken out. He
wants to get rid of it. It is not done. He is
called before the committee to answer further.
We asked him, Shook having sworn that he
gave no money to him, what he did with the
money. He refuses to answer. He is brought
before the House and committed for contempt.
After that commitment he is taken back to the
committee, and when before the committee he
is asked these questions :
" Question. The eommitteedesire to know whether,
on tli e 6th of May,you telegraphed overthesignaturo
of ' Hooker' to Shendan Snook." My business is ad-
justed. Place ten to my credit with Gilliss, Harney
& Co.. No. 24 Broad street?'
" Question. Did you also telegraph to Sheridan
Shook, over the signature of' Hooker,' on the 12th of
May, ' The five should bo had. It may be absolutely
necessary?'"
Which questions Woolley declined to answer in the
words following, to wit:
"This is a private and confidential communication,
passing between counsel and client."
He had already disclosed—informally, per-
haps, but nevertheless had disclosed—to the
committee that he himself is a lawyer. Who
is the client? Nobody but Shook, unless the
witness was client to himself. Nobody else
appears in the telegrams; nobody else appears
in his testimony, or in anybody else's testimony,
in this connection. Who is the client ? Either
himself the client to himself or Shook. What
does Shook swear? It is spread out upon this
record that there were no relations between
them ; no business transactions between them;
no relations of counsel and client between them.
He may have borrowed fifty or a hundred dollars
from him, but there were 110 business relations
between them. And yet this man dares, with the
testimony of his own confederate staring him
in the face, to come before the committee and
attempt to put himself under the privilege of
counsel and client. It is trifling with his oath,
it is trifling with the rights of a great people, it-
is trifling with the power vested in this House
to ferret out and investigate this attempt—it is
not necessary to say that any Senator was
bribed—this attempt to bribe a Senator to
defeat the administration of justice. The
House had a right to make investigation. I do
not propose further to argue the question ;
there is the fact sworn to and unchallenged.
He set out on the 4th day of May with the
avowed purpose of doing that very"thing : he
followsthat up by raisingthe money ; he follows
that up by refusing to tell what he did with the
money; and he follows that up by sending a
telegram from this city four hours before the
vote was taken on the 16th day of May, 1868,
declaring that the Methodist Church North was
defeated, and that impeachment was dead and
sent to hell. How did he know anything about
it four hours in advance? We want to know
what he did with the money.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; please excuse
me. His answer now is that this is privileged ;
that it is in the relation between counsel and
client. _ But, nevertheless, he sends a dispatch
to Sheridan Shook, signing his name "Hooker,"
which was doubtless a very honest transaction,
in which he says: " My business is done."
This was on the 0th of May, two days after he
proposed to raise money for the purchase of
Senators. " My business is adjusted. Place
ten to my ered.t with Giliiss, llarney "& Co."
Perhaps the record will disclose that $10,000
were placed to his credit there. What was the
business that was adjusted ? He was with Sher-
idan Shook when he proposed to raise niouey
to purchase Senators. Sheridan Shook heard
the suggestion or. proposition and made no
objection, although Mr. Weed did object to it.
I hen the witness was asked this question :
Did you also telegraph to Sheridan Shook, over
the signature of Hooker,' on the 12th of May, "The
nveshould Ire had. It may bo absolutely necessary V "
"Absolutely necessary" for what? If it is
an honest transaction, it cannot do him any
