1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
ernment, and then transactions occurred be-
tween him and another individual, by which
the other individual became interested in the
property. There is some doub't as to whether
or not the rights of that individual have been
extinguished, and therefore the bill is care-
ful to protect the rights of that person. The
only object of the bill is simply to affirm to
the heirs of the person to whom the Spanish
Government made the grant whatever right
the United States may have.
Mr. HOWARD. Has there ever been any
interruption of title or of possession ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There has been no inter-
ruption of title or occupation. That man and
his assigns have occupied the property from
that day until the present time. 1 tliink the
Senator is mistaken as to the extent of the
grant. There is a report accompanying the
bill, if any Senator desires to have it read.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not call for the read-
ing of the report. I simply asked for a brief
explanation from the honorable chairman of
the committee. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
presidential approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
2d instant, signed the following bill and joint
resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 302) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Major General I. B. Richardson ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 95) authorizing
the Light-House Board to place warnings over
obstructions at the entrance of harbors or in
the fair-way of bays and sounds, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) relating
to the survey of the northern and northwestern
lakes.
i'uilip r. fend all.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
2G8) for the relief of Philip R. Fendall. It is
a very short bill, and I presume will take no
time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Philip R. Fendall,
for labor performed in editing the writings of
James Madison, the sum of $2,100.
Mr. MORGAN. As Mr. Fendall has lately
deceased I move to amend the bill, in the fourth
line, by inserting the words "the legal repre-
sentatives of the late."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 should like
to inquire of the Senator who has charge of
this bill whether it was not stated at the time
these papers were authorized to be edited that
all that was necessary to be appropriated had
then been appropriated, and that it would cost
no further sum?
Mr. 'MORGAN. There was an amount
appropriated, and that money has all been
expended. Mr. Fendall was employed to do
this work; but no contract was made by the
committee with him, I understand. It was
before I was a member of the Committee on
the Library. The sum agreed to be paid him
is deemed a very small sum in the estimation
of Mr. Fendall, and also of those acquainted
with matters of this kind. Four thousand
dollars was the sum deemed appropriate. The
committee reduced it to $3,000, andhave paid
him $900. This bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives last year, but was not passed by
the Senate. It met the approval of the joint
Committee on the Library. Mr. Fendall has
lately deceased. The estate is in great need.
Even his library cannot be saved, I under-
stand, unless this money can be paid to his
heirs.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORGAN. It is necessary to make the
same amendment in the title that was made in
the body of the bill. I move, therefore, to
a'mend the title so as to read: "A bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of the late
Philip R. Fendall."
ThePRESIDENTjprotojwre. That amend-
ment will be made.
land grants to nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 100.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee on the Whole, proceeded _ to
consider the bill (S. No. 100) to further provide
for giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the Stale of Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom the bill was recommitted,
have reported an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, which is all that is necessary to be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the State of Nevada is authorized to select
the alternate even-numbered sections within the
limits of any railroad grant in said State, in satisfac-
tion, in whole or in part, or the several grants made
in tho following aets of Congress, to wit: The act
organizing tho Territory of Nevada, passed March 2,
1861: tho act admitting the State of Nevada into the
Union, passed March 21,1801; and the act concerning
curtain land* granted to Nevada, passed July 4,1800:
Provided, That this privilege shall not extend to
lands upon which there may bo rightful claims under
tho preemption and homestead laws: And provided.
That if lands ho selected, the minimum prico of
which is $2 50 per aero, each aero so selected shall be
taken by the Stato in satisfaction of two acres, the
minimum prico of which is &1 25 per acre: And pro-
vided further, That tho lands granted in tho eighth
and ninth sections of the said act admitting Nevada
into tho Union shall be selected within four years
from the passage of this act, and the period for the
selection of said lands is hereby so extended.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho lands
known and designated for the establishment ot ail
agricultural college by the act of J uly 2,1862. and the
acts amendatory thereto, shall bo selected in the
same manner and of tho same character of lands as
may be selected in satisfaction of any other grants
referred to in tho first section of this act. But this
act shall not authorize tho selection of lands valu-
able for mines of gold, silver, quicksilver, or copper.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted. That the land
office at ISelmont, Nye county, Stato of Nevada, is
hereby removed to Aurora, ill Esmeralda county, and
the district shall bo known as the Aurora district.
The counties of Nye, Lincoln, and Lander shall con-
stitute a land district, the office of which is located
at Austin, and the President shall bo authorized
hereafter, from timo to time, as circumstances may
require, to adjust the boundaries of any and all of the
land districts in said State, and change the location
of tho land office from timo to time, when the same
shall he expedient.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the lands
granted to the State of California for the establish-
ment of an agricultural college by tho act of July 2,
1862, and aets amendatory thereto, may bo selected
by said State from any lands within said State sub-
ject to preemption and sale; Provided, that this
privilege shall not extend to lands upon which there
may be rightful claims under the preemption and
homestead laws, nor to mineral lands: And provided
further. That if lands be selected as aforesaid, the
minimum price of which is $2 50 per acre, each acre
so selected shall be taken by thoState in satisfaction
of two acres, the minimum price of which is $1 25
per acre: And provided further. That such selections
shall be made in every other respect subject to the
conditions, restrictions, and limitations contained in
the acts hereby modified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the third section of the amendment again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Nevada when that third sec-
tion was agreed 'upon by the Committee on
Public Lands?
Mr. STEWART. That was agreed upon
before the bill was reported the second time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think, as one
member of the committee, I ever agreed that
the President should have the right to change
the boundaries of land districts at his pleasure.
I think that is a power which has never been
conferred.
Mr. STEWART. It has been conferred.
This is a copy of a law that was passed for
Oregon a year or two ago. The subject was
considered in committee ; I think the Senator
from Indiana was not present at the time ; and
we were authorized to insert a provision pre-
cisely the same as had been provided for Ore-
gon. The Senator from Oregon will recollect
the discussion in committee over that point.
The mere changing of boundaries of the dis-
trict or the location of the land office is always
done by Congress. Of course we would not
allow the Department to make new districts.
It is done on the recommendation of the De-
partment where the changes are made. This
is a copy of the law passed for Oregon, and
is in precisely the same language.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see no objection to this
part of the bill. As has been stated by the
Senator from Nevada, it is similar to a provis-
ion that was incorporated into a bill relating
to the land districts in the State of Oregon;
and in the new States there is a great neces-
sity fbr such a provision. Land districts are
organized in the first place in reference to the
settlements in a new State, and their bound-
aries may be so defined at the beginning as to
accommodate the people then located in the
State; but subsequently, as the settlements ex-
pand and the population spreads, it may be
absolutely necesary to enlarge the boundaries
of the land districts so as to accommodate the
people. It is also sometimes desirable to
remove the location of a land office from one
point to another. That became absolutely
necessary in the State where I live; and upon
a report of the facts to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office he conceded that
such a power was necessary, and so it was con-
ferred upon him as to the State of Oregon.
This bill proposes to confer it upon him as to
the State of Navada. It is a power that ought
to be in the general law. The Commissioner
ought to possess that power as to all new
States. No possible harm or inconvenience
can result to anybody ; for if the_ people peti-
tion for a change of the boundaries of a land
district or the location of the land office
they are the only persons concerned, and the
changes may be made in the judgment of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
promote the public interest and facilitate the
sale of the lands, and to accommodate the
people.
Mr. CONNESS. I will add to that, that to
an extent under existing law some such power
now exists. One of the land offices in the
State of California has been dispensed with
under that power; so that we have one less in
that State than we had.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no doubt
about that. The Department has the power
to abolish the district when the lands have been
all entered, and it has the power to change the
location of the office; but this is rather an
extraordinary power to change the boundaries
of districts.
Mr. CONNESS. It is a very necessary one
in a new country.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill grants no power
to create new districts, and, therefore, will en-
tail no additional expense. It is simple, to
change the boundaries when the popula r£P
changes. The committee thought that potfei-
might be exercised by the President, as it
cannot increase the expense.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS the title of
the bill was amended by adding the words,
"and for other purposes."
circuit court at erie.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 274) providing for hold-
ing a circuit court at the city of Erie, Penn-
sylvania. It will not take a minute-to pass it.
