1868.]
jstppsaroix to the qot&qwbbioxal globe.
147
40th Cong..., 2d Sess.
Kentucky Election—Mr. Dawes,
Ho, of Reps.
not. Tiiere are a great many Democrats whom
I believe to be true patriots. Mr. Brown then
put a question himself. I will read the ques-
tion and answer:
"Question. In the first speech which you heard me
make at Hebbardsville did I or not state that at the
beginning of the war I opposed soccssion and made
speeches all over my region of Kentucky discourag-
ing enlistments in the confederate service?
"Answer. You may possibly have said so, but I do
not recollect." ^ * * * f
"Question. Was there anything in that speech in-
flammatory or calculated to excite tho minds of the
people?
" Answer. I thought there was. I am satisfied there
was."
The next witness that I call to the stand, in
answer to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr.' KeiirJ is James Melntyre, on page 100:
"Question. Is it not notorious through the second
district of Kentucky that Mr. Brown sincc 1S61 has
been a member of the disloyal party of Kentucky
and has been acting in concert with it?
"Answer. In my county, Muhlenburg, and m Mc-
Iican county, so far as I have correspondents, and in
a portion of Daviess, and, in fact, wherever his state-
ments have been brought,before the people, either
in conversation or otherwise, the current opinion is
that he was a rebel sympathizer; that Ms feelings
and sympathies were for tho success of the'rebel-
lion."
Mark you, I am not arraigning a man for
his sympathy; I am answering the charge that
I have misstated this testimony, and I am show-
ing how utterly the subsequent course of Mr.
Brown in Kentucky fails to relieve him from
the act of which the most he can claim was that
it admitted of two interpretations.
On page 94 is the testimony of H. B. Parks:
" Question. Is it not a notorious fact in the second
congressional district of Kentucky, and particularly
in the county of Henderson, that Mr. Brown is and
has been disloyal to the Government of the United
States?
"Answer. All Union men there look "upon him as
belonging to that party."
I read now from the testimony of F. H. Lit-
tle, page 92:
" Question. Did not Mr. Brown in that speech say
that in 1801 and up to the close of tho war he had
been a rebel, but that the confcdcrato soldier had
stacked his gun and furled his banner, and there was
no longer any rebels?
"Answer. I think there was something of that kind
said.
" Question. Did Mr. Brown deny in that speech that
he had been a rebel ?
"Answer. I do not know that he did.
" Question. Was it not directly charged upon him
that he had been?
"Answer. I think you charged him with it. I heard
his reply, but I do not think he alluded to it.
" Question. Was or was not Mr. Brown asked
whether he intended that letter to refer alike to con-
federate and Union soldiers ?
"Ansiwr. I think be was.
" Question. Did he not decline to answer tho ques-
tion ?
"Answer. I do not know thatho declined to answer
it. I heard no reply.
" By Mr. Scovield:
" Oncftion. How was that question put?
"Ansxoer. I think it was put by Mr. Smith.
" Question. To be answered immediately, or in tho
courso of Mr. Brown's reply?
"yimfjoer. My understanding was that Mr. Brown
was expected to reply to it in his speech. Ho had
fifteen minutes for reply."
I come next to the testimony of Thomas F.
Cheaney:
"Question. Did Mr. Brown remain in the town of
Henderson during the entire war?
" Answer., Yes, sir; that was his home from some
time in 1861.
" Question. Do you not recollcct of his having left
Henderson on one occasion and gone to New York
and Canada? . <.
"Answer. I recollect hearing of it. I do not know
of it personally. I was a farmer and lived some
twelve miles from the town, which I seldom visited.
" Question. In what year did it occur?
"A iiswer. I think it was in 1863 or 1864.
" Quo.ation. Did not Mr. Brown say in those conver-
sation? that although he opposed secession he would
throw his destiny with the South? that as she had
scccdod he would go with her, and was in favor of the
people of Kentucky doing so ?
"Answer. I think he expressed himself in that way,
that he would prefer adis^olution of the Union to the
policy of the Administration/'
Here is the testimony of Joseph I. Landes, in
document No. 6, a report with accompanying
papers made at the July session. On page 2;i:
" Question. Did you or not hear a discussion be-
tween Hon. John "ionng Brown and Hon. B. 0.
IliHer, e.juidulale* for Congress, some time in April,
lbG7, at HopkiusvLlie, Kentucky?
".Answer. I did.
" Question. Please state how the announcement by
Mr. Brownt in tho discussion aforesaid, of his author-
ship of said letter, was received by his political
friends in hearing, and what (from your knowledge
of those you observed) was the political standing of
those friends during the late war?
"Answer. At the time above stated Mr. Brown's
avowal of his authorship of the letter aforesaid was
received by a portion of the audience with vociferous
applause. My impression and best recollection is
that most of those who on that occasion so loudly
manifested their approval of the sentiments "ex-
pressed in that letter were rebels during the war; or,
if not actually engaged in the rebellion, wore its
most earnest advocates and sympathizers."
Walter Evans testifies as follows, page 5:
"I have examined the printed copy of said let-
ter, and refer to it as attached by Mr. Landes, and
marked with his signature, as a part of my deposi-
tion. In a discussion which I had in this place,
early in April of this year, bctweeu Mr. Brown and
his then only opponent, Mr. Bitter, Mr. Brown, in
answer to Mr, Hitter's inquiry, avowed its author-
ship, amid tho wildest cheers of his admiring friends
in the audience. No one of those friends that I ob-
served had for a long timo been accused of, any sym-
pathy for tho Government in its arduous trial of war,
and many of them I knew to be late rebel soldiers;
all were rebel in sentiment, so far as I knew, and I
scanned the crowd as closely as was necessary to
ascertain this. Hon. John Young Brown was known
and recognized during the whole canvass as hav-
ing been a rebel sympathizer; that gave him ap-
plause here and was the basis of his strength, but
of those who voted for him in this county I doubt if
there were ten men who could truthfully claim to be
Union men. I never hoard him express a regret for
having written the letter, and, from tho manner in
which it was treatod, I entertain no doubt that he
regarded it as perhaps his most efficient campaign
document. It certainly did him no injury here with
his friends."
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of my col-
league on the committee whether the evidence
which he has just now been reading is taken
from the record in this case or from a former
report?
Mr. DAWES. From the report that pre-
ceded this.
Mr. KERR. Then I desire'to ask the gen-
tleman the further question, whether he does
not know that that publication—I will not call
it evidence, because it is not evidence—does
not constitute any part of the record in this
case at all, is not in tke evidence and was not
in the proof, because it was not taken accord-
ing to law?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; I do not know
that.
Mr. KERR. You do not know it?
Mr. DAWES. I do know that I read from
depositions taken on notice to Mr. Brown,
filed here and made the basis of one of the
reports and published for the use of the
House.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
one further question and then 1 will not ask
him any more. I desire to ask him if it is not
true that that from which he has just read is
entirely ex parte evidence, taken long before
this controversy commenced in the form in
which it is now before the House, and taken
as the basis on which a charge of disloyalty
was made against Mr. Brown ?
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Say whether it is so or
is not.
Mr. KERR. I say that it is so,_ and that it
therefore constitutes no part of this case.
Mr. DAWES. I will state precisely the
facts of the case. It is taken from deposi-
tions by interrogatories upon notice served
upon Mr. Brown, which wcie brought here in
July, and upon which a report was made to
this House by the Committee of Elections;
and it was published as the evidence upon
which that report was based.
Now, I pass over the first charge in this ease
made by the gentleman from Indiana against
me, that I have interpolated into the record. I
think I have answered that count in his indict-
ment. .But upon the conclusion of that charge
the gentleman announces that he was not yet
done with me. lie says:
" Mr. Speaker, I have not yot d<"mo with my hon-
orabiefriemhtheehairraan of this commit tee. I now
invite the attention of this House and his attention
to some of the authorities which ii was hi.< pleasure
to present before the House on Friday for tho pur-
pose of maintaining or supporting the proposition
of constitutional Jaw be then laid down. He under-
took to inform this House that it possesses the con-
stitutional right to exclude whom it pleases if the
public safetyrequires.it. 'He laid' down th6 broad
doctrine, not intermsbUtin legal effect,that theguide
which this House must follow in the adjudication of
this case must be its own will. It hasbuttojeonsider
what the public welfare requires, what the public
safety requires, what the public interests demand, and
then to doit; and in order to sustain that startling
proposition; unquestionably, revolutionary, he cited
two or three authorities."
_ And then my distinguished friend from In-
diana charges me with an attempt t<5 deceive
this House by quoting and misquoting as au-
thorities, in support of what he says was my
proposition, the great names of Hamilton arid
Madison in the Federalist; and then growing,
as he did before, righteously indignant  
Mr. KERR. Allow me to interrupt the
gentleman a moment.
Mr. DAWES. My friend will excuse me if
I decline to be interrupted just now.- I sup-
pose when the gentleman took me up in that
way it troubled him just as much as.he wanted
to be troubled; and I felt it incumbent upon
me, after his paying his respects to me in this
kind way, to respond to him. He grew right-
eously indignant, and broke out in this strain-: 
Mr. KERR. I never charged the gentle-
man from Massachusetts with misquoting au-
thorities.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, either the gen-
tleman from Indiana or myself has the floor.
Let us understand how that is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the floor.
Does he decline to be interrupted by any one?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; 1 do not say that.
But when I intimate to a gentleman that I
cannot be interrupted just at this time I mean
what I say. Tho gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] went on to say:
"Now, Mr. Speaker, X ask every intelligent gen-
tleman on tliisiloor, every fair-minded lawyer in this
Hon.se or this country, if it is fair, if itisjustin this
way and by this means to undei take to control tho
judgment of a court and jury of which the gentleman
who uses this language in this way is a member and
a part? "
Now, mark what the gentleman says;
"It is, perhaps, pardonable for lawyers, pleading
before courts and juries, where the court and the
jury alone are charged with judicial functions and
duties, and other lawyers are watching to catch and
expose their tricks and errors, to indulge in Ibis
kind of argument, this kind of arts, to give unjust
support to untenable proposition?; but is it pardon-
able, is it justifiable in circumstances like those
which surround us to-day?"
You will observe, Mr. Speaker, that he re-
serves the right to cheat a court and jury and
indulge in tricks in certain cases. But only
for the purposes of this case is he desirous of
enforcing the rule of fair dealing. He says
that tricks are perhaps pardonable, where men
are on the watch to catch those who use them.
But, sir, I deny the whole charge. There is
no more foundation for it than there is for the
miserable rule of ethics here advanced. I
never misquoted the authorities for this pro-
ceeding. I said in the cutset that this case
was without precedent. In the first words
uttered by me upon this floor in this case, I
said:
"This proceeding. Mr. Speaker, isnot only unusual,
but rt is without precedent in the history of the Gov-
ernment."
I had, therefore, no precedents to cite,
"tt'hat further did I say?
"Sir, I admit for myself—every other gentleman,
of course, may come to any other conclusion that he
find* the Constitution to authorize him iu coming
to—I admit, that there no express authority in this
Government under the Constitution to exclude from
Congress a man for the offense hero charged."
I could not cite any express authority"
after this admission, "for I confessed I had
none to cite.
But. Mr. Sneaker, does not the gentleman
understand the difference between an authority
and a principle; I attempted, with what sue*
coss it is not for me to say, to summon to my
aid fue -Teat names of Hamilton and Madison
