1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
" W c have already seen that the Constitution in its
first article contain* a declaration that all legislative ,
power shall be vested in Congress. The eighth sec-
tion of the same article proceeds to enumerate the
subjects over which that power may be exercised.
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes. duties, imposts and excises.* But of what
avail is this power if the President and thirteen Sen-
ators can, by treaty, abolish a tax or duty laid by
Congress and establish another? If they can vary a
tariff ot duties in any particular they can abolish it
altogether. They can a*rrec thatall itoods, the growth,
produce, or manufacture ot the British dominions,
shall bo admitted into the United States free of duty,
in consideration that the British Governmeut will
extend the same privilege to American produce im-
ported into Great Britain, or in consideration that
the British Government will grant to the United
States the provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, to
be governed by the President and Senate, or as the
President alone, or as any other individual may
direct: or in consideration that the British Govern-
ment would pay to the President and Senate or to the
Paymaster General of the Army of the United States
an annuity of $10,000,000, to bedisburscd bythePres- i
ident of the United States, or for any other consid-
eration which they might think proper to accept.
"'To borrow money on the credit of the United
States.'
*' But of what avail is this power if the President
and Senate can repeal the revenue laws of Congress
enacted with a view to pay the interest and repay
the principal of money so borrowed; or if they can
by treaty borrow money themselves and pledge the
public faith or mortgage the public lands for its
reimbursement ?
" ' l o regulate commerce with foreign nations.'
"Bat of what avail is this power if the President
and Senate can definitively agree by treaty with a
foreign nation tfhat article of commerce shall be
admitted into the United States and what excluded,
what duties shall be paid and what remitted; apd
generally upon all subjects relating to both foreign
and domestic commercial transactions 1
" 'To establish a uniform rule of naturalisation.'
"But of what avail is this power if the President
and Senate can by treaty stipulate that the subjects
of a foreign Government either shall not be'admitted
into the United States, or, being admitted, shall not
be naturalized, or if they can repeal the naturaliza-
tion laws enacted by Congress and establish others
contradictory thereto ? I
" 'To declare war.'
"Even this exalted attribute of sovereignty is of
little importance to Congress if the President and
Senate can by a treaty of alliance bind the United
States to commit an act of hostility against a nation
with which we are at peace, thereby producing a
state of actual war as effectually as if declared by
the constitutional organ of the Government.
. "' To raise and support armies.'
" But this grant of power may be rendered useless
if the President can by treaty stipulation fix the
number of men to be retained in the military estab-
lishment of this and another country with a view to
the mutual security of both, or by a treaty of alliance
determine the contingent of force to be furnished by
the United States and tho amount of subsidy to be
received therefor."
" ' To provide and maintain a Navy.'
" This power also is annihilated if the President and
Senate can agree with the Government of another
nation what amount of naval forco shall be retained
in service by the respective countries."
Of such a nature was a treaty made not long
ago by the United States with Great Britain,
limiting the naval force to be employed upon
the northwestern lakes to, I believe, a single
vessel of one gun on each lake. But that
treaty could not be carried into effect simply
by the treaty-making power without the action
of Congress. It was carried into execution by
an act of Congress and afterward rescinded by
an act of Congress.
llr. Taylor continues:
"The constitutional power of Congress over the
militia, if the construction advocated on a former
occasion by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Pickering] and his political friends becorrcct, (which
construction has been sanctioned, too, by the govern-
ment of more than one State in the Union,) is too con-
temptible to justify a single remark in regard to its
possession.
" In fine, there is no legislative power granted to
Congress by the Constitution which the President
and Senate may not usurp, nay, which they cannot
lawfully exercise, under theconstruction given to that
instrument by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
except perhaps the power of exercising ' exclusive
legislation over the District of Columbia.'"
Thus it may be assumed, Mr. Chairman, that
by means of a treaty made by the President or
his minister with some foreign Power, Congress
may be most effectively and effectually divested
of nine tenths of the functions with which it is
endowed by tlie Constitution.
Now, the question is, what are we to do? It
is confessed that the sole power of making
treaties is with the President and the Senate.
That is true. And I have aire; dy said that so
far as the President and the Senate, in making
treaties, do not conflict with any power ex-
[ pressly given to Congress, we have nothing to
i do with the matter. We have nothing to do at
any time with the making of treaties; but we
have somethingto do with the means necessary
to carry them into effect where the Constitu-
tion makes it our especial duty to legislate upon
the subject embraced in the treaty. |
Moreover, I am prepared to show by the ;
text-books, even from the foundation of the !
law, that there is no legal propriety in claim- 1
itig that one single agency established by the
Constitution can, like the "serpent of Aaron," !
eat up every similar thing around it. A power
given to the President and Senate cannot
extinguish other powers expressly given to
Congress—the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives. The President and tho Senate, as
1 the treaty-making power, receive their author-
i ity from the Constitution. Whence do we
receive our powers to raise armies and navies,
to borrow money, &c. ? From the Constitu-
tion. We receive our powers from the same
instrument that devolves authority upon the
treaty-making power—the President and the
Senate.
Now, I deny that the exercise of any one of
these powers by a single agency can extinguish
the powers conferred upon other branches of
Government. In order to give a reasonable
construction to the Constitution you must
harmonize the whole. You must allow to each
branch the power conferred by the Constitu-
tion ; and we must confine the treaty-making
power to those subjects the control of which is
not especially devolved by the Constitution
upon Congress.
If they seek by their treaty to appropriate
money then the Constitution says that Con-
I gress only shall appropriate money. No other
' power but Congress can draw money from the
Treasury. The Constitution never devolved
that authority on the treaty-making power;
and when they make treaties they make them
subordinate to Congress so far as making an
appropriation of money is concerned.
So in regard to the tariff. If a treaty is made
with Great Britain or France for a change of
tariff it is done also with the understanding,
implied at least, that Congress shall consent
thereto. By adopting this construction—and
it was the construction given by James Madi-
son, Mr. Livingston, Mr. Lowndes, and the
other gentlemen I have named—you harmo-
nize the whole.
Mr. HIGBY. There is a difficulty in my
mind on which I should like to have the gen-
tleman's opinion. The Constitution says that
no money shall be drawn from the Treasury
except '"in pursuance of law." If it added
" of Congress " it would be clear, but that is
not added, and all treaties are declared to be
\ the supreme law of the land,
i Mr. SPALDING. I think I understand the
| difficulty which arises in the gentleman's mind,
j for the same difficulty arose in my own when
j I was carefully considering this subject. It
, being said that a treaty made by the President
1 and Senate may become the supreme law of
the land as well as acts of Congress, why may
: not money be drawn from the Treasury by the
treaty-making power as well as by laws of
; Congress ? That was the question on which I
| pondered some time. I can only answer that
the expounders of the Constitution have uni-
I formly held that the terms here used have refer-
j ence to the law-making power of the United
i States—the Congress of the United States.
And history shows us that the contrary ground
was abandoned by the most strenuous advo-
cates for the most extended and comprehensive
power of the President and Senate. They all
admitted that money could not be drawn from
the Treasury by the treaty itself, and not with-
out the intervention of Congress. The very
men who held out so stoutly against the inter-
ference of Congress contended that an appro-
priation of money was to be made by the law-
making power of the land, which was the Con-
gress of the United States.
Gentlemen will understand me that I do not
admit the treaty to be the "supreme law"
until we have legislated concurrently with the
treaty-making power.
Mr. IIIGBY. My attention was called to the
clause first read by the gentleman from Ohio:
" All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of tho United States."
My mind immediately reverts to article six.
What is a treaty? It is definitely declared to
be made by the President and Senate. It ia
then said that all treaties are the supreme law
of the laud as well as the laws made by Con-
gress.
Mr. SPALDING. If my friend had heard
the first part of my remarks it would have sat-
isfied hitn, and I would not have taken up the
time of the committee in explaining myself—
"This Constitution, and the laws of tho United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof;
and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under
the authority of the United States"—
Now I claim under that clause " authority
of the United States" something more is
meant than simply the President and Senate.
It means that concurrent legislation becomes
necessary in consequence of the distribution
of powers in the Constitution ; that concurrent
legislation becomes necessary on the part of
Congress whenever the treaty touches any of
the peculiar powers of Congress, and that it
is not the supreme law until that concurrent
legislation is had so far as th(? appropriation
i of money is concerned. That is my idea.
I have already said, Mr. Chairman, that by
1 submitting these remarks and reading these
extracts from speeches of able men in former
1 Congresses I did not mean to commit myself
on the question of appropriations for treaties
1 at all; and I hold myself now open to convic-
tion, and will vote according to my soundest
discretion for or against the appropriation for
any treaty that may be presented. But, as
heretofore Congress, in its patriotic wisdom,
has seen fit to ratify and confirm and furnish,
the means of carrying into effect all important
treaties which have been negotiated by the
Governmeut, I hope that for the honor of the
Government and the welfare of our country, no
! selfish or sinister motive will ever hereafter be
permitted to stand in the way of any diplomacy
that tends to the honor and greatness and glory
of the American people.
1 Mr. BUTLER obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me that I may move that
the committee rise, in order that a small bill
may be disposed of in the House. It should
be passed before the vacation.
Mr. BUTLER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the committee do now rise, that we may
go into the House and dispose of the recon-
struction bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Pres-
ident's annual message, and had come to no
i conclusion thereon.
I
| JAMES L. ALCORN.
I Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
leave to report from the Committee on Recon-
struction a bill for the relief of James L.
Alcorn from political and civil disabilities.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that all political disabilities which ifow
exist by virtue of any act of Congress be re-
moved from James L. Alcorn, of Mississippi,
and that said Alcorn be restored to all the
rights and privileges enjoyed by any other cit-
izen of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. I object.
Mr. MUNGEN. This seems to be a kind
of special legislation, and I should like to know
what it is about.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before th«
House. Gentlemen on both sides of the Chair
object, and it requires unanimous consent.
