1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that the circuit
court of the United States for the western dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, in addition to the terms
now held, shall be held at the city of Brie, in
the western district, at the times now fixed by
law for holding terms of the district court for
the western district of Pennsylvania, at the
city of Erie.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 201) declaratory of the law in re-
gard to ofiieers cashiered or dismissed from the
Army by the sentence of a general court-mar-
"tial.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has been read heretofore.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be reported again.
The Secretary read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that he has missed a few minutes in
calling attention to the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move that that lie
over informally. I understand a message will
come from the Ilouse very soon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to its lying
over informally if it is with a view of proceed-
ing with the bill which has just been read.
Air. SHERMAN. I merely wish that the
regular order be laid aside informally.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the consid-
eration of this bill. I am against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Senate
without any motion. It suspends all other
business by our rules, and if it is desired to
proceed with other business it can only be done
on a motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the unfinished
business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the report of the
select committee appointed to revise the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The understanding was
that the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
son] should have the floor to-day at one o'clock,
to which I very cheerfully assent. I ask that
this matter may be laid aside informally, so
that when his remarks shall be concluded it
will come up without a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That may
be done by unanimous consent. If there be
no objection it will be so laid aside.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the
Senator from Missouri I should like to put this
bill, in relation to the sentences of courts-mar-
tial, on its passage.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator will
ask that the funding bill be informally passed
over I have no objection to that.
IMPEACHMENT 01" PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
The managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
at the bar, and their presence was announced
by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mana-
gers pf the impeachment will advance within
the bar and take the seats provided for them.
The managers on the part of the House of
Representatives came within the bar and took
the seats assigned to them in the area in front
of the Chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that a seat be
provided for the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives by the side of the President of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may
be done without a motion.
The Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives advanced, escorted by Mr. Grimes, and
took a seat to the right of the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
the managers of the House of Representatives,
by order of the House, arc ready at the bar
of the Senate, whenever it may please the
Senate to hear them, to present articles of
impeachment and in maintenance of the im-
peachment preferred against Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, by the House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will make proclamation.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Hear ye! llear
ye! hear ye! All persons are commanded to
keep silence, on pain of impiisonment, while
the House of Representatives is exhibiting to
the Senate of the United States articles of
impeachment against Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States.
The managers then rose and remained stand-
ing, with the exception of Mr. Stevexs, who
was physically unable to do so, while Mr.
Manager Bingham read the articles of impeach-
ment, as follows:
Articles exhibited by the House of Representatives of
the United State?, in the name of themselves and all
the people of the United States, against Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, in maintenance
and suppoit of their impeachment against him for
high crimes and misdemeanors.
Abticle I.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 21st day of February, in the year
of our Lord 1808, at Washington, in tho District of
Columbia, unmindful of the high duties of his office,
of his oath of office, and of the requirement of the
Constitution that lie should take care that tho laws
be faithfully executed, did unlawfully,'and in viola-
tion of tho Constitution and laws of the United
States, issue an order in writing for the removal of
fidwm M. Stanton from tho office of Secretary for
the Department of "War, said Edwin M.Stanton hav-
ing been theretofore duly appointed and commis-
sioned, by and with tho advice and consent of Hie
Senate of the United States, as such Secretary, and
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
on the 12th day of August, in the year of our Lord
1867, and during the recess of said Senate, having
suspended by his order Edwin M. Stanton from said
office, and within twenty days after the iirst day of
the next meeting of said Senate, that is to say, on
the 12th day of December, in the year last aforesaid,
having reported to said Senate such suspension with
the evidence and reasons for his _ action in the case
and the name of tho person designated to perform
the duties ol such office temporarily until the next
meeting of the Senate, and said Senate, there-
afterward, on the 13th day of January, in the year
of our Lord 1868, having duly considered the evi-
dence and reasons reported by said Andrew Johnson
for said suspension, and having refused to concur in
said suspension, whereby and by force of the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867,
said Edwin ;\I. Stanton did forthwith resume the
functions of his office, whereof the said Andrew
Johnson had then and there due notice, and said
Edwin M. Stanton, by reason of the premises, on said
21st day of February, being lawfully entitled to hold
said office of Secretary for tho Department of War,
which said order for the removal of said Edwin M.
Stanton is, in substance, as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1888.
Sir: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for tho Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, AdjutantGcneral of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, all rccords, books, papers,
and other public pioporty now in your custody and
charsc
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hou. Edwin M. Stanton, Washington, I>. C,
"Which order was unlawfully issued with intent
then and there to violate the act entitled "An act reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices,v passed
March 2,1867: and, with the further intent contrary to
the provisions of said act, in violation thereof, and
contrary to the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, and without the advice and conscnt
of the Senate of the United States, tho said Senate
then and there being in session, to remove said Ed-
win M. Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War, the said Edwin M. Stanton be-
ing then and tlioie Secretary of War, and being
then and there in tho duo and lawful execution and
discharge of the duties of said office, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of tho United States, did
then and there commit, and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor m office.
ArticI/E II.
That on said 21st day of February, in tho year of
our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, said Androw Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office,
of his oath of office, and in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and contrary to the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act regulating tho
tenure of certain civil officcs," passed March 2,1867,
without the advice aud consent of the Senate of the
United States, said Senate then and there being in
session, and without authority of law, did, with in-
tent to violate the Constitution of the United States
and tho act aforesaid, issue and deliver to one Lo-
renzo Thomas a letter of authority in substance as
follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M.Stanton having this day been
removed from office as Secretary for tho Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of the
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton lias been instructed to transfer to you
all tho records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, J). V.
Then and there being no vacancy in said office of
Secretary for the Department of War? whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and there commit, and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office.
Article III.
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, on tho 21st day of February, in the year of our
Lord 1808, at Washington, in the District of Columbia,
did commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor ifi
office in this, that, without authority of law, while
the Senate of tho United States was then and therein
session, ho did appoint one Lorenzo Thomas to be
Secretary for the Department of War ad interim,
without the advice and consent of the Senate and
with intent to violate tho Constitution of tho United
Slates, no vacancy having happened in said office of
Secretary for tho Department of War during the re-
cess ot the Senate, and no vacancy existing in said
office at the time, and which said appointment, so
made by said Andrew Johnson, of said Lorenzo
Thomas, is in substanco as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for tho Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all tho records, books, papers, and othor public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, 1). 0.
Article IV.
That said Andrew .Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, in violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of tho United States, on the 21st day
of February, in the year of our Lord 1868, at Wash-
ington, in tho District of Columbia, did unlawfully
conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas, and with other
persons to tho House of Representatives unknown,
with intent, by intimidation and threats unlawfully,
to hinder and prevent Edwin M Stanton, then and
there the Secretary for tho Depaitment of War, duly
appointed under the laws of the United States, from
holding said office of Secretary for the Department
of War, contrary to and in violation of theConstitu-
tion of the United States, and of the provisions of an
act entitled "An acttodefine and punish certain con-
spiracies/' approved July 31, 1801, whereby said An-
drow Johnson, President of tho United States, did
then and there commit and was guilty of a high
crime in office.
Article V.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of tho high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February,
in theyear of our Lord 1868, and on divers other days
and times in said year, before the 2d day of March,
A. 1). 1868, at Washington, in the Districtof Columbia,
did unlawfully conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas,
and with other persons to the House of Representa-
tives unknown, to prevent and hinder the oxccution
of an act entitled "An act regulating tho tenure of
certain civil offices," passed- Maxch 2, 3867, and in
pursuance of said conspiracy did unlawfully attempt
to prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and there being
Secretary torthe Department of War,duly appointed
and commissioned under the laws oft ho United States,
from holding said office, whereby the said Andrew
Johnson, President of tho United States, did then
and there commit and was guilty of a high misde-
meanor in office.
Article VI.
Thatsaid Andrew Johnson, Presidentof theUnited
States, unmindful of the high duties of his offieoand
of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, in
the year of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in tho Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas, by force to seize, take, and possess
the property ot the United States in the Department
of War, and then and there in the custody and charge
