2672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
try is to be turned into a bastile for the future
incarceration of all who may or not differ with
these seven so-called managers upon what are
proper and legal subjects for their inquisition.
I understand now why the gentleman irom Illi-
nois, early in the session, introduced, in an
appropriation bill, a section displacing the
Capitol police and substituting therefor sol-
diers uuder General Grant to keep guard over
the House, but which he afterward withdrew
when compelled by an opinion here, not then
ready for the bayonet, but now ready for a
prison. Hereafter, if under a military regime,
we shall come to have soldiers as a guard.
The honorable managers are gratifying a
double sentiment—one beyond the creating of
a congressional dungeon under the Capitol,
over the dome of which, as if in mockery, a
bronze statue of Liberty presides: and that sen-
timent beyond is an insult to a clever young
lady to whose genius as an artist the Lincoln
party in this House, when it existed, voted some
thousands of dollars to mold a plaster cast
for a statue of Abraham Lincoln. This young
lady, whom I saw for the first time yesterday
afternoon, when curiosity to see the intended
congressional dungeon prompted me to visit
room " A," which, small as it is and bad as it
is, she had converted into a studio, made use-
ful by its very dampness for work a few hours
a day on a plaster cast, is now to be insulted
in that place and turned out of it by the man-
agers of the House—'insulted by turning in upon
her a male prisoner and turned out with her
models and casts and studies. There is no
respect even on the part of these managers for
th':ir once great idol, for they know or ought
to know that a plaster cast in the artistic con-
dition this cast is now in, cannot be moved
without its probable destruction ; and they are
ready to forget and forego all their admira-
tion of Lincoln to punish this young lady be-
cause it has been only reported abroad that
whatever might be the influence of her talents
or personal graces she had exerted them upon
one of the Senators from Kansas, to number
him with the immortal seven conscript fathers
now made as illustrious as the best in the best
days of Rome.
It was, I learn—for I know nothing beyond
common fame—the fortune or misfortune of
♦he lady to have a mother who took an old
.Kansas acquaintance, a Senator, to board with
her. And because of her connection with that
household she is to be held responsible for his
vote on impeachment, and is to be punished
therefor now by being hunted out of the Cap-
itol, and hereafter by refusing to appropriate
the money the Thirty-Ninth Congress con-
tracted to pay for her Lincoln statue. I have
not time or temper to dwell upon such petty
vengeance wreaked thus upon an innocent girl.
I could not dwell upon it if I would, with
the decorum imposed upon us by parliament-
ary law.
All I have to add upon this point is, that
though thia reception-room "A" may do for a
store-room^ for plaster-work, &e., it is alto-
gether unfit for human habitation, night or
day, in hot weather ; and to doom this victim
of these managers to remain there is to doom
him to a living death. He has pledged him-
self to answer every question this House may
ask him, holding the House responsible for
forcing him to disclose his private affairs, a
responsibility which he feels the seven man-
agers alone cannot excuse him for violating.
No«', Mr. Speaker, I send to the Cleric to
be read, ill reply to the statement of the gen-
tleman front .Ohio, the statement of Mr. Wool-
ley, and of his counsel, Mr. Merrick, which is
vouched for by Ms, Merrick, so far as he could
know what was don&-an the committee-room,
through Mr. Woolley, fos no counsel was ad-
mitted in the star chamber^f that inquisitorial
body.
The Clerk read as follows: \
"On Tuesday, the 19th of May, Msr. Woolley at-
tended, in obedience to a summons. - Mr. IIutler
was the only manager in the room, aud assumed to
administer an oath and examine the witness. He
was rude, abusive, and insulting, and ;when, in the
course of the examination, the witness declined to
answer some questions put to him, Mr. Butler or-
dered him in custody of tho Assistant Sergeant-at-
Arms, giving him directions not to permit the wit-
ness to speak to any one. Mr, Butler then called
in some of the olhermanagers, when the witness was
again brought before the managers. Mr. Butler
continued the examination in the same abusive and
insulting manner."
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to interrupt the
communication. Is it in accordance with the
dignity of the House to allow a prisoner in
contempt of the House to-—
Mr. BROOKS. I hope this will not come out
of my time.
The SPEAKER. A point of order does
not come out of the time of a gentleman who
has the floor. The Chair understands that the
gentleman from Massachusetts is raising a
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER. I am raising a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. BUTLER. My point is, if it is in order
in this House, consistent with the dignity of
this body, to allow a witness who is in con-
tempt of the House in refusing to meet its
process and in refusal to answer questions,
and who, upon the record reported to the
House, has committed willful and deliberate
perjury, whichever way his statement is to be
taken, to send a communication through a
member of the House, certainly words charac-
terising a mcmbcrof the committee and a mem-
ber of the House, in the terms which have just
been read ?
Mr. BROOKS. What terms? This is a
part of my speech- I submit it as my own
speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman says he
makes it a part of his speech. The language is:
" Butler was tho only manager in tho room, and
he assumed to administer the oath and examine tho
witness, lie was abusive and insulting."
That language is not parliamentary by any
member on the floor addressing the House,
and certainly not by a witness who refuses to
answer when ordered by the House to do so.
Mr. BUTLER. A single word more.
The SPEAKER. Until the point of order
is settled no further debate is in order, except
by consent of the gentleman who has the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I raise the question whether
he can proceed at all ?
Several Memhers. Of course not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
that question repeatedly heretofore. When the
Speaker decides that a member of the House
is out of order the power of the Chair ceases.
If any member then objects, he cannot proceed
excopt by leave of the House. The House
will determine whether the gentleman from
New York shall proceed. It is for the House
to decide that, and not the Speaker. The Chair
decides the words are not in order.
Mr. BUTLER. I do object; and state, as
a reason for my objection, that every member
of the committee will bear me out m say-
ing  
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. BUTLER. That the witness thanked
us for the courtesy with which he had been
treated.
The SPEAKER. If any member objects,
the member cannot proceed except by leave
of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I qualify the words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposes
to qualify the words. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts withdraw the objection?
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed
With the reading.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Butlkr then continued the examination in the
same abusive and insulting manner."
A Member. Those are the words that the
Chair ruled out.
Mr. BUTLER. I propose now to insist
upwi the objection. It is an abusive, virulent,
vituperative communication, which any gen-
tleman should be ashamed of.
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot be taught gentility
by the member from Massachusetts.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did not the Clerk com-
mence to read the same words Which the gen-
tleman qualified?
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. BUTLER. I am submitting my objec-
tion. The gentleman cannot change that;
that is Woolley's story. Let him withdraw
the whole if he wants to go on. r
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has adopted it as a part of his speech,
and as such he has a right to qualify it.
Mr. BUTLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question whether he shall be allowed to pro-
ceed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
New Yrork withdrew the words, and the Clerk
commenced to read the same words over.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no.
Mr. BARNES. Do the words " abusive and
insulting" occur twice in the communication?
Mr. PILE. If the gentleman will withdraw
the entire letter there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Clerk read the words, "in a rude and
abusive manner." Four or five lines further
down the Clerk read, " Butler then continued
the examination in the same abusive and
insulting manner."
Mr. BROOKS. I intended to omit the whole
of that language.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House consent to the gentleman proceeding
in order?
Mr. UPSON. Does that involve the with-
drawal of the letter?
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the offensive
words, and when I made the first withdrawal
I intended to withdraw them throughout the
paper, and if I had been reading the paper
myself I should have modified them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he intended to withdraw all the words about •
" abusive and insulting."
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman had read
the communication in advance, and he delib-
erately put it before the House. He adopted
it. The relations between him and me are well
known, and should have taught him to treat me
with the same courtesy that I treated him with
the other day. So I insist upon the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
relations between members do not affect ques-
tions of order. It is presumed by the parlia-
mentary law that the relations between ail the
members are courteous, and the language used
must be language proper in a parliamentary
body. The gentleman from New York has
made his explanation to the House, and the
question is, Will the House consent that the
gentleman shall proceed in order?
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not wish to debate, but
I do not understand the question. I wish to
ask if the member from New Y'ork has adopted
that paper as a part of his speech?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has made his remarks in the presence of
the House,and every gentleman has heard them.
Mr. BROOKS. I intended, when the Chair
decided the words " abusive and insulting lan-
guage" to be out of order, to withdraw them
and change them to " improper ; '' and I meant
in that, withdrawal in good faith to withdraw
similar expressions in various parts of the
paper, and I should not have read them if I
had been reading the paper myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he intended to withdraw the offensive language
and substitute for it the word u improper."
Mr. BROMWELL. I would inquire  
The SPEAKER. Is there objectiou to the
gentleman making an inquiry ?
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. BROMWELL. I only wished to know
if the gentleman claimed 
The SPEAKER. Further debate is ob-
jected to.
The question was put on allowing Mr. Brooks
