148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -&L0BE.
[February 13,
Ho.'of Keps.
Kentucky Election—Mr, Dawes,
40th ookg....2dbms.
in their expositions of the great principles and
powers of pur Government; and from them I
deduced—does the gentleman understand what
that means—an argument that we had the
power X had claimed. These are the words I
used:
"Put, Mr. Speaker, there is a further consideration
underlying this matter, and that is this: theGovern-
>ncntof tho United Stated is bound to preserve itself.
It is clothed with the power, and in the absence of
any inhibition of moans"—
Is this laying down the broad doctrine that
the guide this House must follow in the adjudi-
cation must be its own will?
"It is clothed with the power, and in the absence
of any inhibition oi'raeans, it is .authorized to avail
itself of all-means necessary or proper contributing
to the«nd to prtservc itself. I think these are prop-
ositions which do not admit of doubt. When the
Government is once established, aud does not limit
its own duration, and does not limit itsown uieuns of
seif-preservation, it is authorized by ail tile laws of
human society and government to resort to all means
whatever they are that will contribute to that end.
" Mr.. Speaker, this was the view of the franiers of
of the Constitution themselves*'—
That, in the absence of any inhibition of
means, they were empowered to resort to all
the means calculated to preserve the existence
of the nation.
"This was the view of Hamilton, the greatest of all
those who discussed the powers and participated m
the framing of the Constitution, and 1 beg the llouse
to do mo the honor to hsten to the views of Mr. Ham-
ilton on this point."
I then read from the twenty-third number
of the Federalist a statement of fundamental
principles, universal in their application, on
"which the life of the nation rests. I will read
them again, and gentlemen may observe whether
Mr. Hamilton aid not utter them as funda-
mental truths, universal in their application,
and essential to the existence of the Govern-
ment :
"Tho circumstances that endanger the safety of
nations are infinite; and for tins reason no con&titu-
tioual shackles can widely be imposed on the power
to which the care of it is committed. This power
ought to be coextensive with all tho possible com-
binations of such eireumstauces; and ought to bo
und<jr the direction of the same councils which are
appointed to preside over tho cornmou defense.
"This is one of thobe truths which, to .t correct and
unprejudiced mind, carries its own ovidisuoe along
with it, and may be obscured but cannot be made
plainer by aigumeut or reasoning, it rests upon
atoms''—
What is an axiom? Is it an authority—a
case cited, runuing on all fours, as the lawyers
say in a justice's court?
" It rests upon axioms as simple as they are uni-
verriitl: tho means ought to bo proportionate to tho
end, the persons from whose agency the attainment
of any end is expected ought to possess the means by
which it is to be attained
" Whether there ought to be a Federal Government
intrusted with the care of the common defense is a
question, in the first instance, open to discussion;
put the moment it is decided in the affirmative it
will follow that that Government ought to be clothed
with all the powers requisite to the complete execu-
tion of its trust. And unless it can be shown that tho
eircumsstanees which may affect the public safety are
reducible within certain determinable limits—unless
the contrary of this position can bo fairly and ra-
tionally disputed, it must bo admitted as a necessary
consequence that there can be no limitation of that
authority which is to provide for tho defense and
protection of the community in any matter essential
to its efficacy."
And, sir, after having read these truths,
foundation-stones upon which is reared the
Republic itself, it did not occur to me that it
was necessary to read the title affixed to the
article in the edition I read from by somebody,
whether Mr. Hamilton or not I do not know,
showing that the subject tinder consideration
was "the necessity of a government at least
equally energetic with the one proposed.11 Nor
did it occur to me that it was necessary to in-
form the House that these great truths were
separated by merely a semicolon from the par-
ticular branch of power which had called out
their utterance.
Sir, I think the mind that would fail to com-
prehend and giapple the sublime truths here
uttered and would stick at a semicolon would
repose with ease on a pin head, and there I
would leave it undisturbed were there not
occasion to follow it a little further. The gen-
tleman says he is not done with me, and, of
course, I cannot leave him. He says :
uButI am not yoidone. Tho honorable gentle*-
fnan further invited tho attention of tho House to a
citation or two from another of tho great lumiuaries
of our early laws and Constitution and history, John
Marshall, and from his opinion in the caso of Mc-
Culloch vs. The State of Maryland ho undertakes to
find comfort, to find support, to find somo sort of
justification, for what is proposed to bo done here.
*4Mr. Speaker, I say without fear of contradic-
tion—I say it to every lawyer upon this floor, 1 say
it to the honorable gentleman himself, and I say it
with tho utmost oonlidence—that there cannot be
found in that great opinion one solitary lino of au-
thority, one single syllable of countonance or encour-
agement even, for this kind of doctrine; not one."
That is modest, to say the least, Mr. Speaker j
and a man ought to be pietty certain he knows
what he is talking about before he thus heralds
his own views. Now let us see how accurately
he has studied that case. He says ;
° What did that opinion dccidc? It decidcd these
three poinis: that the National Bank of the United
States, organized in 181 tt I believe, involved a con-
stitutional exercise ot the power of Congress; that
that bank had a right to organize a branch in tho
Stato of Maryland; and that the Stato of Maryland
had no right to tax that branch. That is what that
case dccidcd, and that is all that the caso decided."
That is pretty good, since Chief Justice Mar-
shall, who delivered that opinion, had been
dead going on ten years in 1841, and there has
not been a bank chartered by the United States
since 181G, and the decision itself was given in
1810. But this is of small consequence, Mr.
Speaker, only showing that the report itself
was either not read at all or was not compre-
hended when 1 was arraigned for misquoting
it. It is only equaled by the announcement
that it was the absence of the Constitution of
the United States which caused Andr6 to be
hung, because he had Arnold's treason in his
boot.
But, sir, what is of more consequence is the
attempt to narrow and belittle this great dis-
course of Chief Justice Marshall upon the con-
stitutional powers of this Government to sim-
ply an authority in a tax case. Take these
truths, sir, which 1 quoted the other day, and
tell me how large is the mind, how broad and
comprehensive the statesmanship, tiiatattempts
to shrivel them up to a simple authority upon
the le^alit}' of a tax:
"The Government which has a right to do an act,
and hns imposed on it tho duty of performing that
act, must, according to the dictates of reason, be
allowed to sclect tho means; aud those who contend
that it may not select any aopropi into mean?, that
one particular mode of effecting the object is excepted,
take upon themselves the burden of establishing that
exception." **■!.* + «• * *
"Let tho end bo legitimate, let it bo within the
scope of the Constitution, and all means which are
appropriate, which arc plainly adapted to that end,
which are not prohibited, but consist with tho letter
and spirit of the Constitution, are constitutional."
Does anybody but the gentleman from Indi-
ana suppose that the following, quoted by me
from the same great source, is to be confined
in its application to a tax case?
"The powers vested in Congress may certainly be
carried into execution without prescribing an oath of
ollicc. The power to cxactthis security for thcjfaith-
ful peiformance of duty is not given, nor is it indis-
pensably necessary. The different departments may
be e&tdblished, taxes may be imposed and collected,
and money may be borrowed, without requiring an
oath of office. It might be argued with as much
plausibility as other incidental powers have been as-
sailed that the convention was not unmindful ot this
subjcct. The oath which might be exactcd—that of
fidelity to the Constitution—is prescribed, and no
other can be required. Yet he would be charged
with insanity who should contend that tho Legisla-
ture might not superadd to the oath directed, by the
Constitution such other oath of office as its wisdom
might suggest."
Now take the Rhode Island case of Luther
vs. Borden,- which the gentleman in his argu-
ment on the reconstruction bill brought before
this House, and read as an authority, I suppose,
and as laying down fundamental principles.
That was a simple case oUrospassqnarc clausum)
and according to his rule and doctrine it is one
to be read only in a justices' court at the cross-
roads in a two-dollar trespass case. And in the
same way the great case of Marbury vs. Mad-
ison is to be used only when one man will not
give up another man's justice's commission.
Take that great debate between Webster ana
Hayne which took place on a resolution not to
sell the public lands, but in which Mr. Webster
" ground to impalpable powderthe doctrine of
nullification," and drove it from the forum of
reason to the wager of battle and to annihila-
tion. According to the gentleman from Indi-
ana it is only to be referred to whenever my dis-
tinguished friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tceon Public Lands, [Mr. Julian,] proposes a
land grant to some railroad, and antagonizes
with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
buhne.] , ,
Take the Garland case, and all the great
principles discussed on the one side and the
other are confincd, according to the gentleman
from Indiana, to the question whether a man
has a right to practice in a court of justice?
Sir, these great discourses on the fundamental
powers of the Government, these magnificent
discussions out of which were evolved the great
truths upon which the Government rests as
foundation stones, are not to be beshriveled
and dwarfed to any such mean and pitiful pur-
poses. They are the armory from which those
who care to defend the life of the nation in
this great struggle have drawn weapons suffi-
cient to meet all its foes in the forum or in the
field.
But, sir, I beg leave to call the attention of
the House to one other point submitted by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kekk.] The
gentleman from Kentucky proposes to rescue
the gentleman who claims this seat from the
force of the law of 1862, which prescibes the
oath of office, and from the force of all law
under the Constitution by saying that he is no
officer under this Government. The gentle-
man from Kentucky says;
"Since the dismissal of the impeachment agamsfe
Senator Blount, of Tennessee, himself one of the
signers of the Constitution, by the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, upon the sole ground that a member of
Congress was not an ofiiccr of the United States, hut
one placed in this Hall by the people of his State or
district as their agent and representative, no man
and no authority has ever treated a member of Con-
gress as an officer of the United States."
Well, sir, since the authority of the Senate in
the case of the impeachment against Senator
Blount, declaring by a vote of 14 to 11 that he
was not such an officcr of the Government as
rendered him liable to impeachment by that
body, the gentleman says no man or authority
has ever asserted that a member of Congress
is an officer of the United States. Yet that
same Senate, three years ago, by a vote of 28
to 11, decided the other way, and that this law
did apply to a Senator; so that if there was
any authority in the vote of the Senate that
Mr. Blount was not deemed such an officer as
could be impeached and tried by that body,
then the same body has reversed that decision
by a vote very much larger than that by which
it asserted it.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
however, goes further, and insists upon it that
he is not an officer underthis Government, but
he is a State officer. The gentleman says:
"Now, what are offices under the United States?
Do we hold office here underthe United States? Does
the gentleman before me hold an ofrice under tho
United StatesDoes any gentleman in the other
end of the Capitol hold an office under the United
States? Does any gentleman on that side of the
House con tond or admit that he sits here as an officer
ot the 1< ederal Govern men t. as holding an office under
the rederal Government?"
Mr. Speaker, where is the office created ? In
the Constitution of the United States. Where
are the terms of qualification for it prescribed ?
In the Constitution of the United States. Where
arc times, places, and manner of electioo pre-
scribed? In the Constitution of the United
States. W here is the qualification of the voter
for a member of Congress prescribed ? In the
Constitution of the United States? Take this
Constitution af the United States away and it
