1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary for said Depart-
ment, contrary to the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to define and punish certain conspiracies,"
approved July 31,1861. and with intent to violate and
disregard an act entitled "An act regulating the ten-
ure of certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1867,
wheroby said Andrew Johnson, Presidentoi' the Uni-
ted States, did then and there commit a high crime
in office.
Article VII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21st clay of February,
in the year of our Lord 1863, at Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
one Lorenzo Thomas with intent unlawfully to seize,
take, and possess the property ot tho United States
in thoDepartmont of War, in the custody and charge
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary forsaidDepartmont,
with intent to violate and disregard the act entitled
"An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offi-
ces," passed March 2, 18(37, whereby said Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, did then
and there commit a high misdemeanor in office.
Article VIII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, with intent unlawfully to
control the disbursements of the moneys appropria-
ted for the military service and lor tho Depaitmcnt
of War, on tho 21st day of February, in tho year of
our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, did unlawfully and contrary to tho pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices,* passed March 2,1867,
and in violation of the Constitution of the United
States, and without tho advice ami consent of the
Senate of the United States, and while tho Senate
was then and there in session, there being no vacancy
in the office ot Secretary lor the Dcpartmentot War,
with intent to violate and disregard the act aforesaid,
then and there issue and deliver to one Lorenzo
Thomas a letter of authority in writing, in substance
as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this
day removed from office as Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are heroby authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of' War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of tho
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public
property now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully youis, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Brevet Major General Lokexzo Tiio.m^s, Adjutant
General United States Army, Wankington, 1). 0.
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article IX.
That said Androw Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 22d day ot February, in the year
of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, in disregard of the Constitution and the
laws of tue United States, duly enacted, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of tho United States,
did bring before himsell then and there William 11.
Emory, a major general by brevot in tho Army of the
United States, actually 10 command of the depart-
ment of Washington and tho military forces thereof,
and did then and there, assuch Commander-in-Chief,
declare to and instruct said Emory that part of a law
of the United States, passed March 2, 1867, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the support ot the
Army for tho year euding J uno 30,1808, and for other
purposes," especially the second."-cotion t hci eof, which
provides, among other things, that "all orders ami
insti uction> lelating to mifilai y operations issued by
the President or Secretary ot War shall be l.-sued
through the Genera! of the Army, and, in case ot his
inability, through the next in rank," was unconstitu-
tional. and in contravention ot ihecoiumissiouofHaid
Emory, and which said provision of law had been
theretofore duly and legally promulgated by general
order loi the government and direction of tho Aimy
of tho United States, n,s the said Andrew Johnson
then and there well knew, with intent thereby to in-
duce said Emory, in his official capacity as commander
ot the department ot Washington, to violate tho pro-
visions of said act, and to take and receive, act upon,
and obey such orders as he, the said Andrew John-
son, might make and give, and which should not be
issued through the General of the Army ol the Uni-
ted States, according to the provisions of said act,
and with the iuither intent tncreby to enable him,
the said Andrew Johnson, to prevent the execution
of an act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," parsed March 2, 1867, and to
unlawfully pievent Edwin M. Stanton, then being
Secretary for the Department of War, Irom holding
said office and discharging the duties thereof, whereby
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
did then and there commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office. %
Article X.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the liigh duties ot his otiice
and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of
the harmony and courtesies which ought to exist
and be maintained betwcei. the executive and
legislative branches of the Go\ eminent of ttie United
States, designing and intending to set aside the
rightful authority and powers of Congress, did at-
tempt to bring into disgrace, ridicule, hatred, con-
tempt, and reproach the Congress of the United
States and the soveral branches thereof, to impair
and destroy the regard and respect of all the good
people of the United States for the Congress and le-
gislative power thereof, (which all officers of the
Government ought inviolably to preserve and main-
tain,) and to excite the odium and resentment of ail
the good people of the United States against Con-
gress and the laws by it duly and constitutionally
enactcd; and in pursuanco ot his said design and in-
tent. openlv and publicly, and before divers assem-
blages of the citizens of the United States convened
in divers parts thereof to meet and receive paid An-
drew Johnson as the Chief Magistrate of the United
States, did, on the 18th day of August, in the year of
our Lord i860, and on divers other days and times,
as well before as afterward, make and deliver with a
loud voice certain intomperate, inflammatory, and
scandalous harangues, and did therein utter loud
threats and bitter menaces us well against Congress
as the laws of tho United States duly enactcd thereby,
amid the cries, jeers, and laughter of the multitudes
then assembled and within hearing, which are set
forth in tho several specifications hereinafter writ-
ten, in substance and effect, that is to say :
Si)rcifiration First.—In this, that at Washington,
in the District of Columbia, in the Executive Man-
sion. to a committee of citizens who called upon the
President of the United States, speaking of and con-
corning the Congress of tho United States, said An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, here-
tofore, to wit, on the 18th day of August, in the year
of our Lord 1866, did, in a loud voice, declare in sub-
stance and effect, among other things, that is to say:
"So farasthecxccutive department of the Govern-
ment is concerned, the effort has been made to restore
tho Union, to heal the breach, to pour oil into the
wounds which weic consequent upon tho struggle,
and (to spoak in common phrase) to prepare, as the
learned and wise physician would, a plaster healing
m character and coextensive with the wound. We
thought, and wo think, that we had partially suc-
ceeded; but as the work progresses, as reconstruction
seemed to be taking place, and the country was be-
coining reunited, we iound a disturbing and marring
element opposing us. In alluding to that clement,
1 shall go no further than your convention and tho
distinguished gentleman who has delivered to mo the
report of its proceedings. I shall make no rcfercnco
to it that I do not believe the time and the occasion
justify.
"We have witnessed inonedepartmentof the Gov-
ernment ovory endeavor to prevent tho restoration
of peace, harmony, and Union. Wc have seen hang-
ing upon the verge of the Government, as it were, a
body called, or which assumes to be, the Congress ot
tho United States, while in fact it is a Congress of
only a part of the States. We have seen this Con-
gress pictend to be lor tho Union, when its every
step and act tended to perpetuate disunion and make
a disruption ot the States inevitable." * r
* "* " Wehavc seen Congiess gradually encroach
step by step upon constitutional rights, and violate,
day after day and month after month, fundamental
principles of thcGovernment. Wc have seen a Con-
gress that seemed to iorget (hat theio was a limit to
the sphere and seopo of legislation. We have seen
a Congress in a minority assume to exorcise power
which, allowed to be consummated, "would lesult in
despotism or monarchy itself."
Specification Second.—J.n this, that at Cleveland, in
the State of Ohio, heretofore, to wit, on the od day
of September, in tho year of our Loid 1866, before a
public assemblage of citizens and ot hers.&aid Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, speaking of
and concerning tho Congress of the United Statesdid,
in a loud voice, declare in substance and offect among
other things, that is to say:
" I will tell you what I did do. I called upon your
Congress that is trying to break up the Government."
"In conclusion, beside that, Congress had taken
much pains to poison their constituents against him.
]>ut what, had Congress done? Have theydone any-
thing to restore tho union of tlie.^e States? No; on
theoontiary, they had done everything to prevent it;
and because ho stood now where he did when the
rebellion commenced, he had been denounced as a
traitor. Who had run greater risks or made greater
sacrifices than himsell? But Congress, factious and
domineering, had undertaken to poioon tho minds of
the American people."
Specification Third.—In this, that at St. Louis, in
the State of Missouri, heretofore, to wit, on the 8th
day ot September, in theyear ot our Lord 1866, before
a public assemblage of citizens and others, said An-
drew Johnson, President ot the United States, speak-
ing of and concerning the Congress of tho United
Siates, did, in a loud voicc, declare, in substance and
effect, among other things, that is to say:
"Go on. Perhaps it you had a word or two on the
subject of New Orleans you might, understand more
about it than you do. And if you will go back—if
you will go back and ascertain the cause of the riot
at New Orleans, perhaps you will not be so prompt
in calling out 'New Orleans.' If you will take up
the riot at New Orleans and trace it back to its source
or its immediate cause, you will find out who was re-
sponsible for the blood that wasshed there. If you will
take up 1 he riot at New Orleans and trace it back to the
Ilndical Congress you will find that the riot at Now
Orleans was substantially planned. If you will take
up the proceedings in their caucuses you will under-
stand that they there knew that a convention was to
be called which was extinct by its power having ex-
pired; that it was said that the intention was that a
new government was to be organized, and on the or-
ganization of that government tho intention was to
enfranchise one portion of tho population, called the
colored population, who had just been emancipated,
and at the same time dislranchise white men. When
you design to talk about Now Orleans you ought to
understand what you are talking about. When you
read the speeches that were made, and take up the
facts on the Fiiday and Saturday before that con-
vention sat, you will there find that speeches were
made incendiary in their character, exciting that
portion of the population, the black population, to
arm themselves and prepare for the shedding of blood.
You w.il also find that that convention did assemble
in violation of law, and the intention of that conven-
tion was to supersede tho reorganized authorities in
the State government ot Louisiana, which had been
recognized by the Government of the United States;
and every man engaged in that rebellion in that con-
vention, with tho intention of superseding and up-
turning the civil government which had been recog-
nized by the Government ot the United States, I say
that ho was a traitor to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and hence you find that another rebellion
was commenced having its origin in the Radical
Congress." > « ******
"So much for the New Orleans riot. And there
was the cause and the origin of the blood that was
shed; and every drop of blood that was shed is upon
their skirts, and they are responsible for it. I could
test this thing a little closer, but will not do it here
to-night. But when you talk about the causes and
consequences that resulted from proceedings of that
kind, perhaps, as I have been introduced here, and
you have provoked questions ot this kind, though it
docs not provoke me, I will tell you a few wholesome
things that havo been done by this Radical Congress
in connection with New Orleans and tho extension
of the elective franchise.
" I know that I have been traduced and abused. I
know it has eorao in advance of mo here, as elsewhere,
that I havo attempted to exercise an arbitrary
power in resisting laws that were intended to be
forced upon the Government; that I had excrciscd
that power: that I had abandoned the party that
elected me, and that I was a traitor, because I excr-
ciscd tho veto power in attempting and did arrest for
a time a bill that was called a ' Froedman's Bureau'
bill; yes, that I was a traitor. And I havo been tra-
duced,! have been slandered, I have been maligned,
I have been called J udas Isoariot, and all that. Now,
my countrymen here to-night, it is very ea^y to in-
dulge in epithets; it is easy to call a man a Judas, and
cry out traitor; but when lie is callcd upon to give
arguments and facts he is very often found wanting.
Judas Iscariot—Judas. There was a Judas and he
was one of the twelve apostles. Oh 1 yes, the twelve
apostles had a Chiist. The twelve apostles had a
Christ, and he never could have had a Judas unless
ho had had twelve apostles. It I have played the
J udas, who has been my Christ that I havo played tho
Judas with? Was it Thad. Stevens? Wa^ it Wen-
dell Phillips ? Was it Charles Sumner ? These are
the men that stop and compare themselves with the
Saviour; and everybody that differs with them in
opinion, and to try and stay and arrest the diabolical
and nefarious policy,is to be denounced as a Judas."
-& >)• $ & .H f M H.
"Well, let me say to you, if you will stand by mo
in this action; if you will stand by me in trying to
give the people a fair chance, soldiers and citizens,
to participate in +hese offices, God being willing, I
will kick them out. 1 will kick them out just as fast
as I can.
"Let me say to you, in concluding, that what I
have said I intended to say. I was not provoked into
this, and I care not for their menaces, the taunts,
and the jeers. I care not for threats. I do not intend
to be bullied by my enemies nor overawed by my
friends. 13ut, Cod willing, with your help I will veto
their measures whenever any of them come to me."
Which said utterances, declarations, threats, and
harangues, highly censurable in any, are pcculiaily
indecent and^unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate of
the United States, by means whereof said Andrew
Johnson has brought the high office of the President
of the United States into contempt, lidicule, and
disgrace, to the great scandal of all good citizens,
whereby said Andiow Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted Suites, did commit, and was then and there guilty
of, a high misdemeanor in otiice.
Article XI.
That said Andrew Johnson. President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath ot office, and in disregard of tho
Constitution and laws of the United States, did here-
tofore, to wit: on the 18th day of August, 1866, at
the city of Washington, and the District of Co-
lumbia, by public speech, declare and affirm in sub-
stance, that the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the Uni-
ted States was not a Congress of toe United States
authorized by the Constitution to exercise legislative
power under the same; but, 011 the contrary, was a
Congress of only part of ihe States, thereby denying
and intending to deny that the legislation of said
Congress was valid or obligatory upon him, the said
Andrew Johnson, except in so far as he saw fit to
approve the same, and also thereby denying and in-
tending to deny the power of the said Thirty-Ninth
Congress to propose amendments to the Constitution
of the united States: and, in pursuance of saiddeelar-
ation, the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, afterward, to wit: on the 21st day of
February, 1868, at tho city of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully and in disregard
ot the requirements of the Constitution, that he
should take caro that the laws be faithiuliy executed,
attempt to prevent the execution ot an act entitled
An act regulatingthe tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 186by unlawfully devising and
contriving, and attempting to devise and contrive,
means by which ho should prevent Edwin M. Stan-
