1868.]
APPMDIX TO THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
40th Cong....2dSess.
Kentucky Election—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. of Beps.
falls in an instant. The officer draws the breath
of life from it. Every function which he per-
forms is prescribed in it. No State officer or
State Legislature can add to or take from any
function of his, or add one jot or tittle to or
take the breadth of a hair from the qualifica-
tions prescribed in the Constitution. He is, so
iar as the Constitution and laws are concerned,
as independent of the State as if he were a
foreigner. Here in the Constitution the length,
breadih, height, and depth of all power, duty,
and obligation of a Representative begin and
end—and, yet, w© are told that he is no officer
under this Government!
One word more. I assume that the gentle-
man from Kentucky and the gentleman from
Indiana would expel a man from this House
if he were guilty of treason, although I do not
know that either of them has thus said in so
many words. If I misstate them in this argu-
ment I yield for a correction. 1 assume^ that
both of them would do it. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. BeckJ put his idea of it in this
form:
"The power to expel a member, two thirds voting
tncreior, is the only protection (and that is ample)
aga-ust improper persons, under that law, holding
seats m this body. Wbile the right of a Koprejent-
ativoto hold the position to which ho has beenehosen
by his pooBie, unless two thirds ot this House expel
him therelrom, is equally clear."
If he has a right to enter this body notwith-
standing disloyally, what right have we to
expel him afterward for that disloyalty? And
if we have a right to expel him for disloyalty,
have we not a right to keep him out for the
same disloyalty?
But assuming, Mr. Speaker, that both these
gentlemen would expel a man from this House
if he were a traitor, I desire to inquire what
for? Why would they expel a man from this
House if he were a traitor? To punish him?
Certainly not, tor that is not the punishment
prescribed for treason. Is it to overawe and
restrain treason? That is puerile and ridicu-
lous. What is it for? There is no other reason
assignable except for the public safety. If I
misjudge these gentlemen I want to know it.
If they wouid not expel a man for treason
from this House, or would not expel him from
it because the public safety demands it, I want
to know for what they would expel him? Now,
sir, if it is because the public safety demands
the expulsion of the man, I would "like to in
quire if the measure of the danger to the public
safety must not govern and limit the means by
which you insure that safety? Hamilton says
that the means must be adequate to the end.
If it is unsafe to intrust the life of the nation
to/he keeping of traitors in this Hall by per-
mitting them to remain in their seats here, is
it not equally unsafe to admit ihem into those
seats? Is not the public safety jeopardized
by the very means thus resorted to—by the
very admission of these men to their seats ?
If the public safety calls upon us to expel a
man after lie has put himself into his seat
because he lias the life of the nation in his
keeping, isnot the public safety regarded more,
is not the public safer by not letting him into
the seat at all? The custody of the citadel is
intrusted toyourhands; the enemy approaches;
you are bound to use all the means that are
required to make that citadel safe. Are you
to admit the enemy within the walls and then
drive him out? Or are you rather to consult
the highest safety of the citadel itself by keep-
ing him out?
Sir, the homely verse into which the speech
of Colonel Titus was put two hundred years ago
iu the British Parliament, when Charles II
undertook to batter down the doors of the
House of Commons and trample under his feet
the liberties of England, are a better com-
mentary upon that position than anything I
can say:
" I hear a lion in tho lobby roar!
Say, Mr. Speaker, shall we shut tho door
And keep him out, or shall wo let him ia
To try if wo can turn him out agaiu?"
I leave this doctrine of public safety there.
Mr. Speaker, one word more and I will leave
the question with the House. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] says that the evidence
is defective, that it is not competent, that writ-
ten words ar^not evidence of treason. I quote
his language:
. ossumo without fear of contradiction from a
single respectable authority in this or any other coun-
try that a man s mere written words ean never con-
stitute the crime ot treason. It is so laid dowa in
every respeetable text-book in the country. It is the
established and accepted law of this land to-day."
Well, Mr. Speaker, I have no occasion to
controvert that doctrine to-day. Neither the
report of the committee nor the discussion rests
upon any claim in conflict with it, and there-
fore, I will not stop to inquire whether it be law
or not. But I have stiil to ask, may not
mere written words be evidence of treason?
That is what the report says, and it says noth-
ing more. The report has not arraigned this
gentleman for writing the letter, and the gen-
tlemen whohavecome to hissupporthavefallen
into the broad mistake that he is arraigned here
for writing this letter. Not so. The evidence
relied upon in support of the charge of disloy-
alty against Mr. Brown is contained in the let-
ter. If it be true that mere written words can-
not be evidence of treason, then no general
order issued from headquarters by Robert E.
-Lee at the battles of Antietam or Gettysburg
would be evidence ot treason ; no message of
Jeff. Davis to the rebel congress would contain
evidence of treason ; no death-warrant issued
by him to the jailors at Andersonville or Libhy
prison for the blood of a Union soldier would
be evidence of treason, and no dying confession
of Barksdalo on the field of battle would be
evidence of his treason.
Sir, the evidence is in the letter. The letter
states that Mr. Brown went about his district
inciting men by his words, by the encourage-
ment he gave them, and by his declarations to
enter the confederate army, and to deter them
from entering the Union army by his threats
of assassination, which he says iu this letter he
frequently publicly and privately made all
about his district.
I hat is what he is arraigned here for, and I
pray him, and those who speak for him, to
answer that. He is arraigned here because he
confesses in this letter that at a time when the
public mind was all alive in Kentucky ; when
the young men were inquiring which side they
should take in the conflict then coming upon
the country; when the young men were inquir-
ing whether they should enroll themselves
under the stars and the stripes, or whether
they should join their fortunes with the rebel-
lion; when the whole southern sky was lurid
with the flames of civil war, he says in this
letter that he went to them and told them that
if they joined the army of the Republic they
ought to be, and he hoped they wouid be, shot
down before they left the State.
And that leads me to inquire what had the
mere leaving the State to do with Kentucky 1
neutrality? It seems to me that all anxiety
concerning Kentucky neutrality should cease
with the limits of Kentucky; and that leaving
it would not, disturb that neutrality. But no;
not only shall Kentucky fold her arms in this
great struggle, but if any of her sons, too ardent
in their patriotism to continue in this quiescent
state while the whole Union was in the throes
of civil war, should desire to actually assist his
Government beyond the borders of Kentucky,
Mr. Brown says he told them that if they stepped
beyond the limits of the State, if they lifted a
hand in aid of the Republic in its death struggle,
they ought to be, and he hoped they would be,
shot. down. That is what he confesses lie did.
The letter is not the treason itself, bat it is the
evidence of the treason.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of* Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to a«k him a question ?
Mr. DAYVBS. I hope the gentleman will
excuse me if I do not yield now.
Sjir, the country will mark the tenderness with
which these disloyal acts have been commei) ted
upon by gentlemen On the other side. And the
people will not fail to observe that it was not
always so, even in these quarters. There was
a time when treason was odious with these men.
I here was a time, even in Kentucky, when
voices were raised condemning letters contain-
ing evidences of treason not quite so palpable
as this, that sound strange tiow by the gide of
the words used by the gentleman from Indiana
and the gentleman from Kentucky.
I will first read a little confession of treason
from another letter, and which called out the
discussion to which I am about to allude. Before
the rebels fired upon Fort Sumter, before the
I resident of the United States had called upon
Kentucky for men and arms, when no actual
outbreak had yet been perpetrated, a member
of the Senate wrote these words:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sis: Allow me to introduce to your
acquaintance my friend Thomas IS. Lincoln, of Texas,
lie visits your capital mainly to dispose of what ho
regards a great improvement m fire-arms. X recom-
mend him to your favorable consideration as a gen-
tleman of tliQ first respectability, and reliable in
every respect.
Very truly, yours. JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
In regard to that letter, the present Chief
Magistrate of the United States, then a Sen-
ator, used these words, referring to subsequent
acts throwing light upon the letter:
" Then, Mr. President, what has been the bearing
and tho conduct of tile Senator iroin Indiana since?
I desire it to he understood tliat, I refer to him in no
unkiudness, lor God knows I bear him none; but
my duty 1 will perform. 'Duties arc mine, conse-
quences are Ciod's.' What has boon tho Senator's
bearing generally? Have you heard of his being
in the Held? llave you heard of his voice and his
influence benitr iai*ed for his bleeding and dis-
tracted country? Has his influence been brought
to bear officially, socially, politically, or in any re-
spect, lor the suppression ot the lobellion? If so I
am unaware of it. Where is the cvidcnco of devo-
tion to his country in his speeches and in his votes?
W here the evidence of the disposition on his part to
overthrow and put down the rebellion ? I have been
told, Mr. President, by honorable gentlemen, as an
evidence of the Senator's devotion to his country
and his great opposition to this southern movement,
that they heard him, and perhaps with tears in his
eyes, remonstrate with the leaders of the rebellion
tuatthey snould not leave him here in the Senate,
or that they bhouid not persist in their course after
the relations that had existed between them and
him and tho other Democrats of the country; that
be thought they were treating him badly.
t " This was the kind of remonstrance he made. Be
it so. I am wilting to give tho Senator credit for all
he is entitled to, and I would to God I could credit
hint with more.
"But do Senators remember that when this battle
was being fought in the Senate I stood here on this
side, solitary and alone, on the 19th day of Decem-
ber, 1S60, and proclaimed that the Government was
at an end it you denied it tho power to enforce its
laws? I declared then that a Government which
had not the power to coerce obedicnee on the part
of those who violated the law was no Government at
all. and had failed to carry out the objccts of its cre-
ation, and was, w?o facto. dissolved. When I stood
on thib ilooi and fought the battle for the bupremaey
ot the Constitution and the enforcement of the laws
has tho Senate forgotten that a bevy of conspirators
gathered in fioin the other House, and that those
who were here crowded around, with fiowns and
scowls and expressions of indignation and contempt
toward me, because I dared to raise my feeble voice
in vindication of the Constitution and the enforce-
ment ot the la\vs of tho Union? Have you forgotten
tho taunts, the jeeis, the derisive remaiks, the con-
temptuous expressions that were indulged in? If
you have I have not. If the Senator lV.lt sueh great
reluctance at the departure from the Senate of tho
chiefs of the rebellion, I should ha\e been ghid to
reeeivo one encouraging smile from him when I was
,, fkhtmg the battles of the country. I did not re-
ceive ono encouraging expression; I received not a
if sjn.gle sustaining look. It would have been pecu-
ji harly encouraging to me, under the circumstances,
lj to be greeted and encouraged by one of the Senator's
:j talents and long standing in public life; but he was
cold a.* an iceberg, and I stood solitary and alone
\[ amid the gang of cousphators that hud gathered
around me."
:| Now. sir. the distinguished Senator [Mr.
Davisj who now represents tho .Suite ot Ken-
tucky in die Senate used this language in ref-
!| erenee to the same proceeding:
ij /'Mr. President, these authorities prove conela-
h sivelythatwe are bound Jiow, in giving ourjudg-
i' pient in thjs ease, by bo positive puueiploof law.
