1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8697
1 lie C ommilfeeoii Appropriations thought that
when a claimant had been through the Court
of Claims, established his loyalty, established
the justice of his claim, and got a .judgment, it
would not be right then to say that he should
not have that judgment paid, whatever might
be the size of the judgment. The justice of a
judgment does not depend upon its size, and
if we undertake to restrict payments to $5,000,
there is no reason why we should not restrict
it to ,-?3,0t)0, §2,000, or $1,000. We must
leave it to the court, if we leave anything to
them, to say what shall be the amount of the
judgment, and after that judgment has been
found by the court which we have established
then it is not right mid proper that a claimant
who has struggled through and established
the justice of his claim should be shut off.
The Committee on Appropriations, therefore,
recommend that the amendment shall be con-
curred in, and whoever shall vote for concur-
rence will vote in accordance with the unani-
mous report of the committee of the Senate,
the action of the Senate and the report of
the Committee on Appropriations—I will not
say how nearly unanimous, because I am not
allowed to say it.
Mr. PET ERS. I would ask the gentleman
whether the sum appropriated was not pre-
sumed by the committee to lie sufficient to
cover large and small judgments'?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
what we meant to do, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. I merely wish to remark
that if we limit the sum to be paid out of this
appropriation to $5,000 we virtually limit the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to $5,000.
No member of this committee wishes to do
that. We do not expect to cut down the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims to $5,000. And
it not, why should we limit the payments of
money which they adjudicate to be due to
within that sum? It seemed to the majont.yof
the Committee on Appropriations that there
was no propriety in it at all, and we therefore
recommend concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word, for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the committee to the facts of the case.
The Committee on Appropriations and the
House of Representatives originally agreed to
this proposition unanimously. They appropri-
ated $100,000 for the payment of judgments
of the Court of Claims, and the efFect of this
provision was to say that the $100,000 should
not be gobbled up by any one man who had a
great judgment, but should be divided among
men who had smaller judgments, under $5,000.
I think it. is just and right and proper that we
should non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to oppose the
amendment. This proposition strikes me as
simply a stay-law in favor of the United States.
It is a confession that the United States is not
able to pay its just judgments or its creditors,
provided we owe themover $5,000 each. A
creditor who presses his demands through this
court to judgment can have his money pro-
vided the Government does not owe him over
$5,000, but not otherwise. By this arbitrary
rule the small creditor will have his pay, while
the man who credited the Government to the
extent of twenty, fifty, or one hundred thou-
sand dollars, perhaps with his all, shall have
nothing. Is there any justice in this ? Is there
any honor in it? Is there any equity in it?
Is there any common sense in it? I cannot
see that there is, and I shall vote to concur
with the Senate amendment in striking out this
proviso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment.
Air. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I renew
the amendment to the amendment, for the
purpose of saying that I cannot see what any-
body can expect to gain by striking out this
proviso: that is, if we mean to pay our debts.
If we do not mean to pay our debts, but pro-
40th Costs. 2d Siiss.—No. 232.
pose to go upon the stealing principle, it may
be possible that we can commit petty larceny
and get along in that way for some years.
When this court of claims was originally estab-
lished, Congress provided that the judgments
of that court should be reported to Congress,
who made appropriations or not to satisfy those
judgments as they chose. But that was found
to be a very bad plan. Congress then passed
a law making the findings of the Court of
Claims conclusive. And now Congress every
year makes appropriations, not extravagant,
of what is supposed may be necessary to satisfy
the judgments of the Court of Claims against
the United States. This year we have put the
amount very low, at $100,000. Now, what is
the use of a Court of Claims, or of providing
by law that the findings of that court shall be
conclusive, if the amount is to be flittered
away, and $5,000 paid to one, and $5,000 to
another, &c., the judgment of the court still
standing, to run for twenty years it may be?
I can see no kind of judgment—1 will not
use a harder term than that—I can see no
kind of judgment in such conduct. The Court
of Claims find judgments, and find them con-
clusively. Instead of asking the claimants to
wait until Congress meets at another session,
we put into the hands of the Treasurer a cer-
tain amount to be paid to them after they have
gone through all the expense of collecting in
vacation time. Is there anything but what is
decent and proper in that? Is there anything
but what is just in it? I cannot possibly see
why this two-penny system should be adopted.
It reminds me of a man I once heard of, about
whom it was said thSt if he owed a dollar he
would not pay it all at once, but in ten install-
ments ; that he would pay ten cents at one time,
and then ride seven miles the next day to pay
another ten cents, and so on, because he did
not want to pay out too much at once. This
is very much like the practice of that old uncle
of mine, old uncle Abel. I hope, therefore,
that no such system as this will be adopted,
but that we will pay what we owe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to add a single further suggestion which has
occurred to me, and to which I do not see the
answer. The House some three years ago
adopted an amendment to an appropriation
bill, in which the Senate concurred, to the
effect that no judgment of the Court of Claims
should be paid until it was revised by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Thereupon theSupreme
Court insisted that they would not, entertain
any appeal from the Court of Claims, because
there was a restriction upon the judgment of
the court, and they did not intend to adjudicate
upon cases of appeal which, when they had
given their final judgment, somebody else was
to revise; and they dismissed all appeals upon
that ground at that time. It therefore became
necessary, at the very next session, to repeal
that law. And I am not at all certain but what
we are going to get into a similar difficulty by
putting this restriction upon the judgment of
the Court of Claims.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the Committee on Appropriations have so
far investigated this matter as to satisfy them-
selves tint $100,000 will be sufficient to pay
all the judgments of the Court of Claims dur-
ing the coming year?
Mr. BUi'LEIi, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
this is expected to be enough, with thebalance
that still remains from former appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out $5,000
and insert $4,000. There is a peculiar pro-
priety in placing funds at the disposal of this
Court of Claims to pay the small creditors of
the Government who establish their claims in
that court. But Congress has never been will-
ing to give that court unlimited jurisdiction of
funds to pay all the large judgments that may
be obtained there.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let me
say that so far as the jurisdiction of the court
goes Congress has now authorized — it does
not every year appropriate the money—the
placing in the Treasury of the funds necessary
to pay the judgments of the court when ren-
dered.
Mr. KELSEY. We by this bill authorize
the placing the sum of $100,000 for this pur-
pose 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
refer to this bill, but to a former law.
Mr. KELSEY. We autho nze the appro-
priation of $100,000 for the purpose of paying
these creditors whose claims are not large;
and there is this reason for it: the man who
has been put to the expense of establishing his
claim, and has obtained a judgment in the Court
of Claims for $5,000 or less, has been put to
all the expense that he can bear in obtaining
his claim from the Government. Not so with
the man whose claim reaches hundreds of
thousands of dollars ; and this court has juris-
diction of claims to an unlimited amount. But
I suppose that the House, in passing the bill
in its original form, intended to say that while
they were willing that these small judgments
should be paid when rendered by the court,
they were not willing to give the court- the
control of the funds to pay these large judg-
ments until Congress had reviewed and passed
upon that question. That was the law hut a
few years ago, when all .judgments of that
court had to be reported to this House that
appropriations might be made, if Congress saw
fit, for their payment. I think that that is the
proper course to be pursued now with respect
to these large judgments. But such a rule
would operate oppressively upon the men who
obtain small judgments against the Govern-
ment. For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, "1
think we ought to adhere to the bill as origin-
ally passed by the House, that being the best
shape in which we can put this matter for pro-
tecting the interests both of the Government
and of the suitors in the court.
Mr. HOSS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kelsey.] I think the Senate has evinced good
senso in striking out this provision. When we
have established a court for the purpose of
passing upon these claims there appears to be
a propriety in having its judgments carried out.
If the court is unworthy of our confidence it
should be abolished and some better tribunal
established. I know of no reason why a person
having a large claim against the Government
is not entitled to have that claim paid as well
as a man having a small claim. I think there
is a propriety in leaving this matter with the
court and paying the judgments which they
render. But I can see very well that this does
not suit the theory of my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
bcrxe, of Illinois.] His theory is to hoard all
the Government funds, and convert them into
gold for the purpose of paving the bondholders,
while the people who have debts due from the
Government may wait. If men have furnished
supplies to the Government during the progress
of the war to put down the rebellion, and have
been kept out of their money for four or five
years, the gentleman's theory—and I suppose
that of his candidate—is to say to such men,
"Stand back, you who have claims against the
Government; we have got to convert all our
means into gold for the purpese of paying the
bondholders, and in the mean time we will draw
in the currency; we will subject to financial
pressure the poor people of the country; we
will hoard our gold as much as we can, that we
may turn it into the hands of the bankers and
the bondholders '' That appears to be the
theory of my colleague. All the honest claims
of men who have been knocking at the doors
of Congress for years receive uniformly' the
opposition of my colleague; but whenever
there is anything that favors the bondholders
or the bankers, whenever there is anything that
tends to withdraw the people's money from cir-
culation and to impair their ability to pay the
onerous taxes which are bearing _them down,
my colleague is for it. 1 am very sorry that
he is running his presidential candidate into
this groove. I hope that when the 4th ot July
