150'
APPENDIX, TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Contested Election—-Mr. Broion,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Thoro is and can be no controversy as to the proofs
in tho cause, and thorefore I will make no remark
on the law of testimony that would apply to the ea.se,
if there was any such controversy, xhe principle
deduced from the authorities is this: there is no com-
mon law, no statutory law. thecois no parliamentary
law, that binds tho Senate to any particular defini-
tion of crime or offense in acting in this or any other
case of the kind. On the contrary, as these authori-
ties Establish, it is a matter coming within the discre-
tion of the tribunal trying theSenator. They estab-
lish this geneial principle, that where the evidence
makes out a case against him which, in the judgment
of tho triers, unfits him for his parliamentary duties,
it is their duty to expot him.
44 When this great Government and country have
been in the throes of this mighty rebellion; when no
man has been able to say whether to-morrow's sun
would shine upon the reestablishnientorthe dissolu-
tion of the Union, and whether theQoverament would
ever rally energy and power and means aud men
enough tcr Reconstruct it; when the President proposes
to Congress, the law-making power, a series of meas-
ures to procure the means to enable him to raiso and
to equip armies for tho purpose, not of subjug;iting
the Stated, hut of compelling obcdienco to tho laws;
when tho gentleman cither votes against every such
proposition or does not veto for it, and offers no meas-
ure, no proposition,himself ns a substitute for tho
various propositions tho President has made; when
ho declares in the most explicit language, and reit-
erates it, reiterates it here upon this floor while he is
under trial, 41 am opposed to the whole system of
coercing theso States, and will not voto a dollar nor
a man nor agnn to the President of tho United States
to crush out this rebellion"—
Docs that sound like anything in this letter
of Mr. Brown?
" I ask if he does not demonstrate to tho world, and
beyond all doubt, that he is an unfit Souator in the
present great exigency of the country, and that ho
ought to be removed from hife seat? 1 think he does."
Sir, how doiny friends on the other side treat
this ease to-day?
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
gently criticises this confession oi* disloyalty
as simply u a hasty letter, and, if you please"—
yes, mark how softly it is drawn—"if you
please, ill-considered language." And the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] quite
as moderate, says, u I admit that it was im-
prudent.'? What an admission 1 Imprudent,
indeed, to declare that—■
" Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against tho
South. If this northern anny shall attempt to cros3
our borders we will resist it unto tho death: and if ono
man shall bo lound in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them he ought to, aud I believe will be,
shot down bolbio he leaven tho State."
liI admit," says the gentleman from. Indi-
ana, that it was imprudent, it was passionate,
to write that letter, to put his words in such a
form." Sir, the poet says that—
"Vice is a monster of so frightful mien,
As. to bo hated, needs but to bo seen;
But seen too Oft, familiar with her face,
We first endure, then pity, then embrace."
Has it come to be thus with treason, not a
vice merely, but the highest crime against
country and God ? is it true of these men that
treason waa once a " monster of so frightful
mien, as, to be hated, needs but to be seen ?"
Aud has it come to this, that, having seen it too
oft and become familiar with its face, they have
first endured, then pitied, then embraced?
This, sir, is no new proposition. The doc-
trine that this House had the right and the
power and the duty incumbent upon it to ex-
clude disloyal men from seats on this floor has
been held by all parties ever since the war
ended. _ All parties have asserted it and de-
fended it. It has been part and parcel of every
policy proposed or adopted on all sides of this
House, it was proposed in the early part of
this attempt to reconstruct and build up Slates
on the ashes of this rebellion.
The President of the United States, in the
first message he sent to this House, in the first
year o( his Administration, in apswer and in
refutation of the charge against his policy that it
"would admit rebels upon this floor, set forth
the very proposition now before this House and
called upon us to sustain it. I will read it
from his very first message to this House:
"In the admission of Senators and Representatives
fhiin ai! of the States there can bo no just ground of
apprehension that persous who are disloyal will be
plothed with the powers of legislation, for this could
fcot happen whoa the Constitution and the laws are
enforced by a vigilant and faithful Congress; eaph
House.is made the judge of the election, .qualifica-
tions, and returns of its own members, and may, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
When a Senator or Representative presents his cer-
tificate of election he may at once.be admitted or
rejected; or. should there be any question as to-his
eligibility, his credentials may be referred for invest-
igation to the appropriate committoe."4 If admitted
to a seat it must be upon evidence satisfactory to the
Ilouso of which he thus becomes a member that ho
possesses the requisite constitutional and legalqual-
ifications. If refused admission as a momber, for
want of duo allegiance to the Government, and re-
turned to his constituents, they are admonished that
none but persons loyal to the United States will bo
allowed a voico in the legislative councils of the na-
tion, and the political power and moral influence of
Congress are thus effectively exerted in the interest
of loyalty to tho Government of tho United States and
fidelity to the Union."
There is the identical recognition of authority;
and after two years of experience on his part
and on i,hfe part of Congress in an effort to
reconstruct the rebel States he sent into this
House, on the 2d of March last, a veto mes-
sage, in which he repeats, word for word, the
very language I have read; and it so com-
mended itself to my distinguished friend from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that he voted to sustain
him in it, and so did all his political friends.
Only three or four days since the distinguished
Democratic Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Heni>-
kicks,] speaking of the law that prescribes the
oath of oilice, used this language:
"As I participated somewhat in tho debate on
Governor Thomas's case, and as I was a member of
the committee who reported upon that ease, perhaps
tho Senator may refer to my views upon that ques-
tion; and if so he does not correctly state them. My
views upon tho constitutionality of that law were
expressed in the Senate some two or three years ago;
but always when the question has been before tho
Senate C have said this: that while that law remained
upon the statute-book I should not vote to allow any
man to take his seat if in taking that seat ho had to
swear falsely in that oath; that 1 thought such a man
ought not to bo admitted."
Now, sir, what are the qualifications of a
member? The Constitution says:
"No person shall be a Representative who shall
not have attained tho age of twenty-five years, and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not when elected bo an inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen."
Here it ends. These qualifications a Repre-
sentative must have. It speaks of no disquali-
fications. Do any exist? Can any be created
by statute?
I understand the gentleman from Indiana to
say there is the beginning and the end of the
matter. Suppose an insnne man should pre-
sent himself at the bar of this Ilouse, twenty-
five years old, and seven years a citizen of the
United States, and a resident of Kentucky, the
gentleman fro in Indiana would not administer
the oath to him. Suppose he were non compos,
I submit to the gentleman it would be an ab-
surdity ; and he would never say in the face
of that absurdity admit him to take the oath
of office. Suppose he attempted to bribe a
judge; the act of 1703 states that conviction
therefor shall disqualify him. Suppose he had
been a member and was convicted of having
received a bribe; the statute of 1853 says that
shall disqualify him from taking the seat,
although he may be qualiiied in all other
respects.
The act of July 17, 1802, enacts as follows—
its last two sections:
"Sec.2. Ibe it further enacted. That if anyperson
shall hereafter incite, set on foot, or assist, or engage
in any rebellion or insurrection against the authority
of the United States or the laws thereof, or shall give
aid or comfort thereto, or shall engage in or give aid
and com tort to any such existing rebellion or insurrec-
tion, and be convicted thereof, such person shall be
punished by imprisonment for a period not exceeding
ten years, or by a fine not exceeding $10,000, and by
the liberation of all his slaves, if any ho have, or by
both of said punishments, at.the discretion of the
court.
"Sec. 3. And SeiV/wiftcrenacted,Thateveryperson
guilty of either of the olfensos described in this act
shall be forever incapable and disqualified to hold
any office under the United States."
And yet the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] says that it begins and ends with the
three qualifications expressed in the Constitu-
tion. You will observe) Mr. Speaker, that
this last statute is unlike the two older ones I
have cited. They make conviction work a dig-
qualification. This says that any one guilty-—
not convicted of, • bat guilty—of any of the
offenses described, shall be forever incapable
and disqualified to hold any office under the
United States.. Why this change? Necessity,
tire public safety, is the answer. No State
that would clfcct a man to this higti trust who
had been guilty of these offenses would ever
convict him. Therefore, if you waited for a
conviction you would wait in vain. You would
leave the door open; the traitor would enter,
and the Government would fall.
Now, let us follow the requirements of this
statute. A man presents himself at the bar of
this House and demands to be sworn in. He
is charged at the threshold with having com-
mitted some one of these offenses. _ How are
you to determine whether he is guilty or not
without referring his case to a committee, to
examine the facts and report, and then upon
their report taking action? .That is just exactly
what we ask here—just exactly what we are
doing to-day.
One word more. By the fourteenth article
of amendment to the Constitution this gentle-
man is excluded by the very words of it, he
having heretofore taken an oath as a member
of Congress. The third section of that article
is in these words:
"Sec. 3. Ko personshallbeaSenatororltepresent-
ativo in Congress, or elector of President or Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
tho United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath as a memberof Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
oUieer of any State, to support tho Constitution of tha
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, orgiven aid or comfort to
the enemies thereof. But Congress may, by a vote of
two thirds of each ilouse, remove such disability.5'
Now, sir, to those of us who believe that that
fourteenth article is already a part of the Con-
stitution there is an express inhibition upon
this man contained in that article. 1 do not
care to take the time of the House in discuss-
ing the question whether it is or is not a part
of the Constitution. I plant myself upon the
Constitution without amendment. I hold that
in its life blood there is power to protect itself
by all means not prohibited and adequate to
the end. Sir, the glory of the Constitution,
that for which it will shine out in all coming
time with lustre unsurpassed, is, that though its
framers saw not in the distant future this great
rebellion of eleven States to overthrow it, this
mighty internal war convulsing the nation, yet
in the wisdom which God gave them they so
framed that instrument, that it has proved before
the world sufficient for every emergency, for
every trial, for every crisis. It has outridden
the storm, and if we are true to the high behests
of the hour it will surely enter the haven of
peace and security.
Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. J. YOUNG BROWN,
OF KENTUCKY,
Ik the House of RcruESEXTAiiVES,
February 13, 1SG8.
The Ilouse having under consideration the report
of the Committee of Elections in the contcstcd-elc«-
tion case of Smith vs. Brown, from tho soeontl con-
gressional district ol Kentucky—
Mr. BROWN (contestant) said:
Mr. Speaker: I thank the House for the
courtesy which has been extended to me on
this occasion ; and if there shall be any want
of compactness and method in the thoughts
and facts which 1 shall b'lhmii I plead? as my
apology, lack of Miiiicient time fox-preparation.
J have just readied tile capital from uiy home in
Kentucky. I came at. the urgent request of my
colleagues. I was here in July and again in
December) and the Committee of Elections fail-
