2674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
ctential counselor, solicitor, or attorney of the party
cannot bo compelled to disclose papers delivered or
communications made to him, or letters or entries
made by him in that capacity.
t /"This pro tyction,'said Lord Chancel] or Brougham,
is not qualified by any reference to proceedings
pending or m contemplation. If, touching matters
that come "within the ordinary scope ot professional
employment, they receive a communication in thoir
professional capacity either from a client or on his
account; and for his benefit in the transaction of his
business, or, which amounts to the same thing, if they
commit to paper in the course of their employment
on his behalf matters which they know only through
their professional relation to the client, they are not
only justified in withholding such matters, but bound
to withhold them, and will not be compelled to dis-
close the information or produco the papers in any
court of law or equity, either as party or witness.'"
If such communications were not protected
no man, as the learned judge remarked in
another case, would dare consult a professional
adviser with a view to his defense and the
enforcement of his rights, and no man could
safely go to court to obtain redress.
There is much more on this subject, but the
lawyers of the House are familiar with it. I
insist this right of confidential communication
between the attorney and client is a sacred and
well-settled right, and ought not to be violated
by this House any more than by a court of
justice. If this be not so I ask you, Mr. Speaker,
and I ask this House, what is this committee
ruled by? What rights have they not? Can
they not ask any question they please? It has
been so contended by the gentleman from
Massachusetts that they are the sole judges of
what questions may be asked and what shall be
answered. Such is not the law. I assert this
cannot be so. If it be then the sacred relations
between husband and wife may be investigated
before this committee. Its most holy and
sacred communings may be made public. If
this be so the relation and communion between
penitent and priest may be pried into and
exposed by this " smelling committee," and the
sacred ofliee of the spiritual adviser is destroyed.
All confidential intercourse, business, social,
conjugal, and sacerdotal, are broken up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's ten
minutes have expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield ten minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my
colleague for his courtesy. I wish to submit a
few considerations on the grave matter now
pending before the House. This question, sir,
does not alone involve the rights and liberties
ol Charles \V. Woolley, but the rights and lib-
erties of every American citizen ; and the blow
struck by the managers at him, if it be parlia-
mentary to say so, is a blow intended to be
struck by them at the rights and liberties of
the whole people.
Mr. Speaker, there is an old Italian adage,
that has been verified by the history of many
centuries, "That war makes thieves and that
yeace hangsthem." And, speaking of this Ital-
ian a,dage; it recalls the history of the repub-
lic of Venice. Venice, like our own Republic,
was onoe free, and the rights and liberties of
her people, like those of our own countrymen,
were overthrown, and all the powers of the
Government were usurped by the Doge and his
Council of Ten. He had a council of ten, not
a committee of seven, and although the num-
bers differ, the powers usurped are the same.
Now, I do not gay that this committee are the
equals of the Doge's oouncil as tyrants, for it
might be unparliamentary to say so, and those
who know our committee, those who have
watched their actions, would never dream that
they could be guilty of tyranny.
Nor, sir, is this the first time in the annals
of nations that the Capitol of a free country
has been turned into a prison-house. Beneath
the council chambers of Venice were dungeons
for the confinement of the once free citizens
of that republic, and there as here thev were
denied all the rights which belong to "a free
people; and here as there similar dungeons,
to be used for similar purposes, are to be estab-
lished in the Capitol of a country which onc«
boasted of its freedom. In Venice, the bridge
whieh crossed above the dark and pestilent
dungeons, where citizens were incarcerated
without trial, is to this day known as " the
Bridge of Sighs and the name of the Doge
and his council are only remembered to be
accursed of all mankind.
Sir, I say it with deference to this honorable
body that the action of the House in this mat-
ter is in violation of all the parliamentary pre-
cedents of this and of every other free Gov-
ernment. A strictly partisan committee has
been appointed with inquisitorial powers to
hold as a prisoner any citizen who refuses to
divulge the most sacred relations of life, and
that, too, when they have not the remotest per-
tinence to the pretended subject under investi-
gation. And although the members of this
House represent the whole people, yet has this
honorable body twice refused to allow this
inquisitorial committee to be composed, as
other committees are, of members represent-
ing both of the great political parties of the
country. I ask you, Mr. Speaker, I ask the
managers themselves, whether they are free from
grave suspicion when they seek to shield them-
selves behind the screen of absolute secrecy?
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
who was denied the right to conclude his re-
marks, struck down in the exercise of the right
of debate, said that the action of this com-
mittee was intended to violate the rights and
liberties of American citizens; and were I
speaking of any other body than this House I
would say that the action in regard to the lady
referred to is unmanly, ungenerous, and dis-
creditable.
My honorable friend from New York [Mr.
Brooks] referred to the fact that the rooms
now occupied by Miss Ream were to be con-
verted iuto dungeons for the incarceration of
American citizens, although their use was
assigned to her by the authority of this House.
It is claimed by certain gentlemen that no por-
tion of the national Capitol should be used as
a studio. And yet, sir, it is well known to
every member on this floor Lhat at this very
moment there is a studio in this Capitol occu-
pied by a man ; but the managers do not pro-
pose to disturb him in his quiet possession.
Now, sir, in this connection, I am going to
state a fact which I regret the necessity of
stating, because it concerns an honorable gen-
tleman on this floor. I am glad he is here to
defend himself should his name be asked for
and given. The only reason assigned by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] for
this action in regard to Miss Ream is that the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Ross] is the friend
of her family. A member of this body, as I
am informed, went to her studio and told her
she was charged with having used her influ-
ence in favor of the acquittal of the President.
She replied no, she had not. The gentleman
then said: "You ought to use your influence
in favor of his conviction.'' She replied that
she could not take any part one way or the
other ; and the member then told her that if
she did not it would be the worse for her, or
words to that effect. Now, sir, comes the mag-
nanimous, manly act of vengeance.
Several Members. Name the member.
Mr. MORGAN. I will name him if he asks
to be named.
Mr. BROOKS. Not unless he asks it.
Mr. MORGAN. I will say further that I
stand ready to prove wkat I say. And if this
court of inquisition is changed into a parlia-
mentary committee, if the gentlemen in the
majority will dare to meet a fair investigation
and have the facts brought to light, as they ■
exist, i will prove that a distinguished Repub-
lican member of this House had a conversation
with Miss Ream and threatened that if she did
not use her influence with Senator Ross to se-
cure the conviction of the President it would
be the worse for her.
Mr. BROOKS. Prom what State?
Mr. MORGAN. My friend asks from what
State. It was a member from the State oIn-
diana, a gallant State, many of whose < .s
were comrades of mine in the field.
Mr. QRIH. I ask the gentleman to yield, .
Mr. MORGAN. If it does not come out of
my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has two
minutes remaining. Will the House allow him
to yield without its coming out of his time.
No objection was made.
Mr. ORTH. I understand the gentleman to
refer to a member from Indiana. I ask if he
alludes to me.
Mr, MORGAN. I do not.
Mr. OOBURN. Does the gentleman allude
to me?
Mr. MORGAN. I am happy to say to my
friend that I do not mean him.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio allude to me?
Mr. MORGAN. I do not allude to th#
honorable member.
Mr. JULIAN rose.
Mr. MORGAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] propound to me a ques-
tion ?
Mr. JULIAN. I want to know what the
gentleman asserted.
Mr. MORGAN. It affords me great pleas-
ure to repeat What I said. I stated that a
distinguished member of this House, on the
Republican side—and, at the suggestion of a
friend, I afterward said he was from Indiana—
had gone to the studio of Miss Ream and told
her it was understood she was trying to influ-
ence Senator Ross in favor of the acquittal of
the President; that she replied that she had
not used her influence either way ; that then
the gentleman from Indiana said to her that
she ought to try and influence that Senator in
favor of conviction ; that she declined ; that
thereupon the gentleman threatened her—I
cannot give the exact words—by saying that
if she did not try and influence Senator Ross
in favor of conviction it would be the worse
for her, or words to that effect.
Mr. JULIAN. I now ask the gentleman
whether he alludes to me in making that state-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN. I do allude to the gentle-
man, and I derived my information from Miss
Ream, than whom no woman iu this land,
no mother, wife, daughter, or sister of any
member on this floor, is more entitled to the
respect of honorable men. .
_Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman, of course,
will now allow me to make my own statement
in reference to this matter. At the suggestion
of two or three members of this House who had
heard rumors that Miss Ream was using  
Mr. MORGAN. Will the honorable gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question. Will he
be kind enough to name the gentlemen he
speaks of ?
Mr._ JULIAN. I prefer to make my state-
ment in my own way before I answer any ques-
tions. It_was told to me by some of the mem-
bers of this House that Miss Vinnie Ream was
understood to be using her influence to secure
the vote of Mr. Ross for the acquittal of the
President; and it was suggested to me. inas-
much as I was acquainted with her, lhat I
should state the matter to her, as the rumor
was calculated to injure her in the estimation
of the public and of members of Congress. I
stated that I did not believe the story ; but that,
as I knew her, I would mention it to her for
the purpose of giving her an opportunity to
make such statement as she might see fit under
the circumstances. I did so, and did it jocu-
larly. not at all in a way to show that I believed
the story myself, for I did not, and she Iaugh-
lBgly denied it; but 011 a moment's reflection
she made the denial earnestly and scouted the
accusations. That is the whole of what took
place between her and me, as 1 distinctly rec-
ollect it I made no threats ; I intimated no
threats in any shape or form. On the con-
trary, I accepted her statement at the time as
true, and felt no longer any interest in the
controversy.
I ought to state, however—perhaps I ought
to state it, since my private conversations have
been referred to here without any authority
from me—that in connection with her denial
