isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
of using any influence over Senator Ross, she
stated that Senator Ross was going to vote to
convict the President of the United States,
[laughter;] and that on meeting Mr. Ross,
accidentally, I think the next day, he confirmed
to me the statement of Yinnie Ream, and com-
plained of the injustice that had been done
him in taking it for granted that he meant to
vote to acquit the President, and in seeking to
dragoon him into a vote of conviction ; declar-
ing that the acquittal of the President would
be a calamity to the country from which there
could scarcely be any hope of its recovery.
[Laughter.]
That is the statement that I make, and so
far as any statements purporting to come from
Vinnie Ream, or anybody else, are concerned,
in conflict with what I now state, I brand them
as deliberate and intentional falsehoods.
Mr. MORGAN resumed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has two
minutes of his time still remaining.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, the joke
perpetrated by the honorable member from
Indiana was a very serious one, as the denoue-
ment of it has proved. 1 repeat that I stand
good to prove, before a committee propeny
constituted, what I h&ve stated to be true; the
memory of the honorable gentleman, which
seems to be at fault, to the contrary notwith-
standing—for I do not wish to impeach his
word.
Now, Mr. Speaker, allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the honorable managers. Is there
net danger that the country will believe that
they are seeking to create a dust behind which
to escape from the just indignation of a wronged
and outraged people? Through them three
months of legislation have been lost; defeated
in the Senate, humiliated before the American
people, by making a cloud of dust they cannot
evade the censure they so well deserve. And
they are mistaken if they suppose that they
can escape from the judgment which is as cer-
tain to come down upon them as if ordered by
the fiat of the Almighty. _
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield the remainder
of my time to my colleague on the committee
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has fifteen
minutes. . ,
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I desire, with
the leave of the House, to call their attention
to some of the facts and precedents bearing
upon the arguments to which this resolution
has been discussed. The first point of attack
is the composition of the committee. We are
told that there never was a parliamentary pre-
cedent for constructing a committee of invest-
igation when the minority were not repre-
sented. I might answer sufficiently that there
never was such a parliamentary case as this of
alleged corruption in a court of impeachment,
and therefore it may well be without precedent.
But I do not content myself with that reply.
I remember the history of the Democratic,
party. I remember when a Senator from my
State was voted off of every committee m the
Senate of the United States, because, in the
declared opinion of the majority there, lie did
not belong t® "any healthy political organ-
ization." A bad precedent, 1 gran t you; but it
does not lie in the mouths of gentlemen upon
the other side to say anything to us on the sub-
ject.
And let me say, that if Mason, Slidell, and
those men of the old Democratic party, whose
humble successors these gentlemen are, creep-
ing where they walked, crawling where they
marched—if they had had the charge of this
impeachment, forty-eight hours would not have
passed over the head of the President they
undertook to impeach before he had gone out
in spite of all the women in the rootns of the
Capitol, or all the "whisky rings" in the
States.
Now, why is it sought that the other side
should have a place on this committee? When
this impeachment proceeding was begun, out
of which this proceeding grows, every man of
them refused to take any part in it or place on
a committee in regard to it. We offered them
a place on the committee to begin with—the
committee to draw up the articles of impeach-
ment ; we offered them an opportunity to take
part in that proceeding, and they refused. And
it was not until the fugleman of George H.
Pendleton was brought up here for perjury
and contumacy that they ask for a place on
the committee to protect and defend him.
Mr. WOOD. Were not all the managers
selected in a Republican caucus?
Mr. BUTLER. I speak of the committee
to draw up the articles of impeachment. As
to the selection of the managers, if the gentle-
man had read a little more upon the subject,
he would have known that managers are always
selected from one side. They are the prose-
cutors, and are always from the side of the
prosecution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is justwhat we com-
plain of.
Mr. BUTLER. A little more learning on
this subject would save gentlemen a great
many more questions. Let me say to the gen-
tleman, those gentlemen refused to take part
in the proceedings. Having so refused, what
did they do? And what do they now do?
They throw every obstacle in the way of an in-
vestigation ; they show that they do not mean
to have a fair investigation. They showthe
country that they will not investigate fairly,
because they kept us here last night for six
hours filibustering, to keep the House from
voting on a resolution to compel a witness to
answer questions which the House had ordered
that he should answer, and he had contemptu-
ously refused so to do.
Now,some of my friends here, good and true
men, some whose judgment I respect, and some
whose judgment I do not so much respect, on
this side of the House and on the other, have
come to me and said, " Why have this invest-
igation ex parte in its character?" Sir, is not
every grand jury an ex parte investigation?
We are now attempting to find the evidence
which will establish a prima facie case of crime
to be hereafter adjudicated by the Senate, or
the House, as the case may be. We are acting
the part of a grand jury in this investigation,
and of necessity for the purposes of justice the
investigation should be ex pccrte7 as all such
investigations ought to be, and in practice
everywhere else are, in order that the secrets of
the prosecution may be preserved from the
criminal. Who ever heard of the friends and
defenders of a supposed criminal being put en
a grand jury to aid in investigating his crimes ?
And a request, in my judgment, to have gen-
tlemen on the other side put on this investi-
gation would be as impudent as it wT>uld be
for Ali Baba, if he was before a grand jury,
to ask to have some of his " Forty Thieves"
put on that grand jury.
Mr. BROOKS. I call the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to order.
The SPEAKER. If the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts were applied
to any member on this floor, then they are not
in order.
Mr. BUTLER. I applied the remarks. 
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask that the words
be taken down.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
words to which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] has objected.
The Clark read as follows:
"And a request, in tny judgment, to have gentle-
men on the other side put on this inves tigation would
be as impudent as it would be for All Baba, it he
was before a grand jury, to ask to have some of his
" Forty Thieves " put on that grand jury.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules this lan-
guage out of order on two grounds; first, on
account of the use of the word ■' impudent;
and secondly, on account of the reference as-
similating gentlemen on the other side to the
" Forty Thieves."
Mr. BUTLER. I intended neither the one
nor the other to apply to the members on the
other side. . , , , , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated his
opinion. The gentleman from Massachusetts
can appeal if he desires.
Mr. BUTLER. I disclaim any intention of
making such a personal reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the lan-
guage of the gentleman is susceptible of the
construction he has stated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the gentle-
man shall not go on without the consent of the
House.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the language if
the Chair thinks it is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentlemail would not
allow me to withdraw.
Mr. MARSHALL. I object to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts proceeding unless the
House so decides.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] and
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
that no objection prevents a member frtfm
withdrawing bis words. The action of the
House can be determined afterward.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the language as
an imputation ; for I intended none upon any
of the gentlemen.
Mr. GETZ. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
gentleman proceed in order ?
Mr. MARSHALL. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 13, not vot-
ing 75; as follows :
TEAS —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Baker, Barnes,
Beam an, Beatty, Beck. Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwoll, Brooks, Broomall, Burr,
Cary. Chslnlor, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Kldridge, Farnsworth, Ferns, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gctz, Glossbreimer, Golladay,
Grover, Halsey, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Ilotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, .Tones, J udd,
.Tulian, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Koonta, Lafim, George
V. Lawrenco, William Lawrence, Loan, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, HcCormiok. Mercur,
Miller. Moorhead, Morrell. MulliUS, Myers, Niblack,
Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poland. Polsley, Pomeroy, 1 rice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Stewart,. Stone, LawrenceS. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, William Williams, John I.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodward-—101.
NAYS-Messrs, Arnell, Harding, Hunter, Mallory,
Marshall, Morgan, Newcomb, Plants, Randall, fetark-
weather, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, and
WN0T~V6TING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Axtell,
Bailcv Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Benjamin Jjl&ir,
Buckhmd, Butier, Cake, Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Won.
Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, lunney.l ox.
Gravely, Griswold, Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ilulburd,, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Kelsey, Ketcham. Kitchen, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, McCullough, Moore,
Morrissey, Mungen, Peters,Prnyn.Baum, Robinson,
Ross, Schenck, Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron
F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taber, laffo.
Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Twiehell, Van Aer-
nam, Van Wvck. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, ihornaa
Williams. James F. Wilson Stephen F. Wilson, and
Woodbridgo—75.
So the House decided that Mr. Butler be
permitted to proceed.
Mr. BUTLER. With thanks for the cour-
tesy of the House, I beg to assure them that I
did not intend to be outside of the' rule of par-
liamentary debate. I only meant to make a
streng comparison.
Allow me to resume. We say on our side
there has been an attempt to interfere with the
course of public justice. That is not a party
question. It ought never to have been made a
party question, and it is only the course of the
minority in filibustering in favor of the person
in contempt of the House that has ever caused
it to seem to be a party question.
Mr. GETZ rose. . ,,
Mr. BUTLER. I have no time to yield.
We propose to go on with the investigation.
What is the objection in that investigation to
having some of these gentlemen on the com-
mittee? It is this. We mvestigated the assas-
sination of Jefferson Davis througn a commit
tee of this House with gentlemen oMhe other
side on the committee.
