1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1J51
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Brown.
Ho. os Reps i'
ing to report in my ease, I returned to my home
to resume the practice of my profession, leaving
to others the discussion of" my right of admis-
sion as a member on this floor. Added to dif-
fidence and distrust of my ability I feel a sen-
sitive reluctance in appearing as an advocate
in my own case—a peculiar one—involving, as
it does, the right of my constituents to repre-
sentation upon this floor, involving my rights
as a citizen and also affecting my personal
honor. I was willing, indeed preferred, to
confide my vindication to friends, and to such
as have spoken in my behalf, or, I should rather
say, in vindication ol' a great principle, I return
my thanks and the thanks ot my people for the
zeal and ability which have distinguished their
efforts. So full and exhaustive have been their
arguments that nothing is left for me to say
without a repetition of what you have heard.
I said this case involved a principle—yes, a
high, sacred, precious right, the right of a State
in this Union—paying taxes—to be represented
in the Halls of this national Legislature. That
right in our system of government is the key-
stone that gives strength to the arch. Deny it,
and the citizen sees the queen jewel that gives
luster to the group torn from the tiara of his
liberties. The rights of the people without it
are a fable, a myth, a mockery. Our ancestors
placed an unspeakable value upon it. They
watchfully guarded and jealously loved it, for
they won it by an incalculable cost of the brain-
sweat and brow-sweat and heart-sweat of patri-
ots. They enshrined it in the Constitution,
there to remain inviolable for all time to come.
Mr. Speaker, I am here claiming my seat
in the Fortieth Congress of the United States.
I come commissioned and accredited by a cer-
tificate of election signed by the Governor of
my State. I possess the qualifications required
by the Constitution of the, United States. 1 am
twenty-five years of age; I have been more than
Beven years a citizen of the United States,
being native born, and I was a resident of the
State of Kentucky at tiae time of my election.
Beyond these qualifications, in my judgment,
this House has not the right to inquire; to them
it has no power to add.
Then here I enter, in the name of my con-
stituency, my solemn protest against the pro-
ceedings which have been instituted against
me, as being without warrant in the Constitu-
tion. I claim that you cannot qualify my right
of admission by other conditions than those
prescribed in that instrument. But I do not
propose to argue that question. It has already
been presented with signal ability by my col-
leagues.
1 stand here asking my seat, not only ready
to take the oatli prescribed by the Constitu-
tion, but also ready and willing to take the
additional oath prescribed in the statute of
1862. When I ofiered myself as a candidate
in my district for Congress 1 did so wilh the
consciousness that I had the legal qualifica-
tions of a member, constitutional and stat-
utory. A convention in my district was held,
and to its decision were submitted the names
of various gentlemen, three of whom have
done honorable service in this body, and other
names of distinction in Kentucky. I received
the nomination. I had two competitors, the
contestant here and another.
The election took place, and my majority
over the contestant was over six thousand
votes, and my majority over the other candi-
date approached eight thousand votes. I came
here in July with my colleagues. My case and
all the other cases from ruy State, pave one,
were refeired to the Committee of Elections.
I returned here in December. The committee
failing to report, as I have said, I returned
home to resume the business of my profession.
1 am here again, and confronted by the adverse
report of the Committee of Elections, denying
rnu my light to be admitted upon the grouud
of my disloyally, that alleged disloyalty being
based upon no act that I have ever done, upon
no direct aid that I have ever given the ene-
mies of my country, but upon a letter written
by me upon the 18th of April, 1881.
Now, what were my surroundings when that
letter was written? What were my personal
political antecedents? What was the attitude
and what was the feeling of my State? In
March, 1861, when I returned from these Halls
to, my constituency, what was my political
status? From one end of my district to the
other my voice was raised in behalf of peace,
imploring all those with whom I had any influ-
ence not to rush madly to arms.
What was the jiosition of the Union party
in Kentucky, with which I was identified?
Upon the 8th of the January preceding, at
one of the largest Union conventions ever held
in the State of Kentucky, a resolution was
passed, which I hold iu my hands, and which
was indorsed by the leading spirits of the State
—men whose names are historic. They re-
solved that "a Union held together by the
sword was not worth preserving."
Upon the 15th of April there issued the
call of Mr. Lincoln upon the Governor of
Kentucky for four regiments of militia. The
Governor of Kentucky responded that he
would send no troops. Did the Union party
approbate that action or not? I hold iu my
hand the address of the Union central com-
mittee, to which T invite the careful attention
of this House. It was issued on the 17th of
April, 1861. Who signed that address? No
unknown or uninfluential men. But there is
appended to it the name of a gentleman who
was afterward in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet; the
names of two gentlemen, distinguished then
and distinguished since as the leading Union
editors of the State ; and what do they say:
"The Government of the Unionbasappealed tohor
(Kentucky) to turnish men to suppress the revolu-
tionary combinations in the cotton States. She has
refused; she lias moat wisely and justly refused.
Seditious leaders in our midst now appeal to her to
turnisli men to uphold llinse^ combinations against
the Government and the Union. Yv'il] she comply
with this appeal? Ought she to comply with it? \Ve
answer, with emphasis, no. " *
"The present duty of Kentucky is to maintain her
present independent position, taking sides not with
the Government and not with the seceding States,
but with the Union against them both, declaring her
soil to bo sacred from the hostile tread of either, and,
if necessary, make the declaration gooil with her
strong right arm." "What the
future duty of Kentucky may be, we, of course, can-
not with certainty foresee; but if the enterprise an-
nounced in the proclamation of the President should
ot any time hereafter assume the aspect of a war tor
theovertin owand subjugation of the seceding States,
through the full assertion therein of tlio national
jurisdiction by a standing military force, we do not
hesitate to say that Kentucky should promptly un-
sheathe hor sword in behalf of what will have then
become lier common cause."
Who said this? John H. Harvey, the dis-
tinguished editor of the Louisville Democrat;
George D. Prentice, the distinguished editor
of the Louisville Journal; Charles Bipley,
Nathaniel Wolfe, Judge Bullock, James Speed,
afterward in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, aud a
number of other distinguished Union leaders
of my State.
It was upon the 17th of April, 1861, when
these men declared that "if the enterprise an-
nounced in the proclamation of the President
should at any time hereafter assume the aspect
of a war for "the overthrow and subjugation of
the seceding States, Kentucky should promptly
unsheathe her sword in behaft ot what will then
have become her common cause." Upon the
18th of April a Union convention was held in
the city of Louisville, the largest- Union con-
vention ever held in that city, or. perhaps, in
the State of Kentucky. T invite attention to
an account of the proceedings of that conven-
tion. as published in the Louisville Democrat
of the succeeding day :
i Gre<(t Meeting—Keaiuclv veviral inthe Lnton—
| Htind* ofj' oa both —/'tve tho)'9<tnd Xjnionvie*—
} KloQiLCiit sperchf-i hv s G'i'thi ex-Senator
i DLvon, lion. John Younsi Drown, and Judt/eJjullocJc—
j llcsolaiions worthy of Kentucky.
; " One of iho grandest and largest public meetings
i over held in Louisvillo filled the great east kail of
tho court-bouse last night, in response to a call for a
sober expression as to the proper position for Ken-
tuekyto assume in the present crisis. Itwasasplen-
did meeting, both as regards numbers and-material.
It was a closely attentive and understanding assem-
blage of the best intelligence of tbe city, and its effect
must bo wide and wholesome. If the warring sec-
tions will but respect Kentucky's position and her
advice all may yet be well, civil war ^verted, and
peace restored. We were more than gratified with
the meeting and its works. The1 stars 4ind'stripes
were on both sides of the speaker's stand, and-were
frequently cheered as allusions to the national
banner were made." .. •
My exclusion here is based upon "A letfer:
dated April 18, 1881. I will read that letter
Elizaeethtown, April is, 1861.
Editors Louisville Courier .*
My attention has been called to tho following par-
agraph which appeared in your paperof this date:
"John Yob.n'gBrown's Position.—This gentleman,
in reply to some searching interrogatories put to him
by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the call of the
President for four regiments of volunteers to march,
against tho South:
"'I would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and those who volunteer should beshot
down in their tracks.'"
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, i find,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to the government of
the confederate Statea 1 What I did say was this:
"Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky fur-
nish Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. If this Northern Army shall attempt to cross
our borders we will resist it unto the death; and if
one man shallbe found in our Commonwealth to vol-
unteer to join them he ought, and X believe will bo,
shot down before he leaves the State."
" This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Ilelin, as you have stated,
and is no more than 1 frequently uttered, publicly and
privately, prior to my debate with him.
llespeetfuily,
JOHN YOUNG BKOWN.
I claim, Mr. Speaker, that at the time I
wrote that letter I was for Kentucky neutral-
ity. I was seeking to maintain the position'in
which my State had been placed by the solemn
resolves of two of her conventions, by the solemn
resolve of her State Legislature, by the address
of the Union central committee. It was to
that doctrine that I was pledged, and it was in
behalf of that position that I was laboring.
But the committee, in arguing upon my letter,
claim that it was not for neutrality; that my
language was applied to the northern Army,
and that I said nothing about the confederate
army. That letter was written upon the morn-
ing of the 18th of April. On that very day
was held the meeting in the city of Louisville
to which I have just been calling attention, and
which was addressed by Hon. James Guthrie,
General Rousseau, Governor Dixon, JudgeBul-
lock, and others.
Most diligent inquiry has been made in
Kentucky with regard to my antecedents. A
peaching investigation has been made of every
act and every word of mine from the inception
of the war to its close. Every one of the twelve
counties of my district has been ransacked for
testimony upon which to secure my exclusion.
All, everything is comprised in this letter.
There is no other charge against me. There
is no other proof against me. By it alone am
I to be judged.
How am 1 to be judged? In the light of sur-
rounding circumstances, by contemporaneous
events, the'sentiments of others with whom
I stood politically identified. And what were
they? Here is this address, to which I have
called your attention, of the State Union cen-
tral committee, and they say the very moment
i the war assumes "the aspect of'a war for the
| overrunning and subjugation of the seceding
! States" they would have Kentucky make com-
I moil cause with hor sister southern States. In
I this grand meeting, addressed by the leading
; Union spirits of Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie speaks,
'• and he says:
i "Lot us s-and boldly nnd fearlessly, as.|3,^,ar??'"
: teristie of Keiituckians, and cry peace ! "U'd last to
1 that we know to be good, and lot those men who want
! to make the experiment oi recession go as individual
amateurs, and iind cougenial spirits tor their wor«i.
li "If the North comes to ravage our land we will
H meet them as Kentnekians always >neet their foes.
I \Y e will meet thein as Kentuckiaus should meet them,
