1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
ure Wvs I always do) to the golden-mouthed ,
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bhooks] in
h's attempt to prove the Bible a lie- ' hat
Book says that God created "of one blood all
the nations of the earth."' The gentleman
from New York, however, contends that there
were several different varieties, and that all
nations were not createdof one blood. ' Ihe
question thus at issue between the gentleman
from New York and the Author of that sacred
volume I shall not attempt to decide. It, is too
high for me.
Hut, sir. the gentleman has given us a history
of the negro race from. 1 believe, thetime of the
Queen of Sheba. I am not quite sure whether
he included her in that race or not. But,
going over the whole field from that time to
this lie has, I think, very well described the
shape of the negro's foot, the crook ^f his
ankle, the contour of his face. And then the
gentleman went on to consider the intellect of
the negro.
N®w, does the gentleman by all this mean
to say that the sons of Ethiopia—of whom the
great poet of antiquity speaks as '' the blame-
less sons of Ethiopia, among whom the gods
always retired when they wished to spend an
innocent andaquiet hour"—have not immortal
souls; that they are to be classed among "the
beasts which perish," and that God, who is to
judge them, will not damn liini if he deserves
it? [Laughter.] I am sorry, sir, if such has
come to be the condition of that race in this
country. I had thought that the members of
that race had shown in our day some evidences
of strength and power. To be sure, I looked
upon them as barbarians for having with their
own right hands, in defense of liberty, stricken
down thousands of the friends of the gentle-
man who has been enlighteniug us to-day.
[Laughter.] This conduct on their part did, I
confess, show a cruelty and a barbarism which
it is perhaps hard to excuse. But the gentle-
man must recollect that all are not equally
mild in their demeanor, and that even the white
man might have done the same thing had he
been in a similar condition.
As to intellect, there are various degrees of
it. In that regard the gentleman from New
York towers above the rest of us, though, I
fear, he sometimes abuses his superiority by
the declamation which lie travels out of his
road to inflict upon us with regard to the various
nations of the earth. But that in intellectual I
gifts the gentleman stands above all of us no [
man who has heard him to-day or heretofore ,
can deny: and I do not, I assure you, sir,
speak this ironically, [laughter :] for I do not
know when I have heard anything more elo- j
quent than the discourse which tlie learned
gentleman has given us to-day. But I have
one proposition to make. For the oratorical
championship of America I am willing to
match Fred. Douglas or Langston against the
gentleman from New York. I will allow the !
latter gentleman to select two out of three of j
the judges. Let the topic be anything the '
gentleman pleases except the negro's shin,
[laughter;] and if at the end of the discus-
sion he does not "throw up the sponge"
I will admit that the negro is an inferior
animal—not only inferior to the gentleman
from New York, but inferior to the rest of us.
[Laughter.]
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main.question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute proposed by Mr.
Stevexs, of Pennsylvania, was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BURR moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wero ordered.
1'be question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 102, not voting !
4'.i; as follows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Barnaul, Bock, Boycr, Brooks, Burr, Eld-
ri Ise, Fox, Oet7., Glnssbrenner, Golladny, Grovcr,
Ilnlman. Hotchkbs, Richard I>. Hubbard, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Ivnott, Marshall, MiCormick, Morgan,
Miuigen, Niblaik, Nicholson, Phelps. Pruyn, Ran-
dall.-Ross. Taber, Van Aukon, Van Trump, Wood,
and Woodward—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aines, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnes,
Benjamin, Bingham, Broomnll, Buckland, Butler,
Carv, Churrhill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coburu. Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Drigsrs. Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields. Gartielil, Oriswold, llalsoy, Harding, Haw-
kins, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahcl W. llubb.ird,
Chester D. llubbaid, Ilulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes. Judd, Julian. Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz,
Lattin, William Liwrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy,
McClurg. Moore. Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins, Myers,
Xnnn, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Poland. Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Schcnek, Sco-
field. Shanks Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stc vens, Thaddi-us Stevens. Stewart, Stokes, Tay-
lor, Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aeriiain. Burt Van
Horn. Robert T. Van llnrn, Waid, Cadwaladcr C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Wa«hbnrne, W illnm B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Be.mianj Ben-
ton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Cake, Chan-
ler, Cobb, Cornell. Dodge, Egglcston. Ela. Ferry,
Finney. Gravely, Haight, Hamilton, Hill, Humph-
rey, Ivelsev, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, Marvin,
McCullough, Mercur, Miller, Mnrrissey, Neweomb,
Orth, Plants. Polsley, Ponicroy, Raum, Robinson,
Selye, Shellabarger.SitgreaTes, Stone, Taffe. Thomas,
Trimble. Twichell, Van Wyck, Henry D. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—19.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table, and on that motion de-
mand the yeas and nays. /
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his motion, so as to take the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
! Mr. BOYER called for the yeas and nays,
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—ye^s 104, nays 37, not vot-
ing 47 ; as follows:
YTEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham,
Broomall, Buekland, Cary, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Gariield, Gris-.
wold, llalsey, Harding, Hawkins, nigby, Hooper,
Hopkins Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll. Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeClurg, Slereur, Moore, Jloorhead, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Myers, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Pile, Poland, Price, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Upson, Van Aer-
uam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Ward,
! Cadwaladcr C.Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Eldridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Holman,
Ilotehkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormiek, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,
> Rom, Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
[ Woodward—37. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benton, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Butler, Cake, Chanler, Cornell,
Dodge, Eggleston, Ela, Ferry, Finney, Gravely,
Haight, Hamilton, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard. Hum-
phrey, Kelsey, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Marvin, McCullough, Miller, Morrissey, New-
comb. Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum. Robinson,
Selye. Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taffe, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Wyck, Henry D.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, and
Woodbridge—47.
; So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
m and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
i The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the title of the bill so that it will
read:
A bill to amend the act passed March 23,1867, enti-
tled " An act supplementary to an act to provide for
the more efficient government of tlio rebel States,"
passed March 2,1867, and to faeilitatothc restoration
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
INTERNAL l'.EVENUE.
Mr. IIUNTER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes ; which,
was rend a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
FRANCISCO V. I)E COSTA.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Francisco V.
De Costa, of Kingston, Minnesota; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
KEPOllT ON MINING STATISTICS.
Mr. H1GBY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to: *
lievjlvd. That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into tl* expediency of authorizing
tlio Secretaiy of the Treasury to place in the hands
of the Public Printer to bo stereotyped tho report of
Mr. J. Ross Browne, special commissioner for tho
1 collection of mining statistics in the States and Ter-
ritories Wist of the Rocky mountains, so that tho
proof-sheets may be read and revised by the commis-
sioners and the report be placed before the members
of the House without unnecessary delay.
Mr. BURR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution, to which I
think there will be no objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio give way to me for a moment?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to report
bill from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to establish certain post routes in
different portions of the country so that mail
service may be put upon them. Gentlemen
are nearly all interested in the bill, and there
can be no objection t« it.
The question was taken on Mr. Koontz's
motion, and it was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL: A memorial of the
representatives of the religious Society of
Friends of New England, praying for a change
in the management of Indian affairs, and that
the American Indians be treated with kindness
and justice, and that efforts be made to educate
and civilize them.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of John
A. Baxter, Benjamin Mills, and others, sub-
mitting propositions for and asking Govern-
ment aid to establish a line of steamships to
carry the United States mails between New
York, Southampton, and Bremen.
By Mr. JULIAN: A memorial of repre-
sentatives of the Society of Friends in behalf
of the Indians.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of 3G citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
for the adoption of a law investing all men with
the equal exercise of the elective franchise in
all the States.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of
Clement Reeves, of Delaware, for compensa-
tion for the seizure of land and the erection
thereon of a permanent fortification, known as
the Ten-Gun Battery.
By Mr. PILE: A communication from the
Chamber of Commerce of St. Louis, Missouri,
relative to the Pacific railroad.
Also, the petition of James Fugate, for relief.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of George W.
