1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
ernment to 1861. amounted to but $175,817,-
961 20; the receipts from all sources including
internal tax and loans during the seventy-two
years, were less than 82,271,000,000. The
estimated wealth of the United States in 1860,
excluding slaves, was $14,146,523,676; that of
Great Britain at the same time, $31,512,000,-
000; that of France in 1866, say $32,000,000,-
000. For 1868, estimated wealth of the United
States, after deducting for losses of the war and
depreciation of property in the seceding States,
$20,000,000,000; estimated wealth of Great
Britain, $34,842,747,000; France, $34,000,-
000,000. In 1868, the debt of Great Britain is,
say, $3,887,489,220 ; France, $2,600,000,000,
and the United States, $2,651,000,000. The
population of Great Britain is, say, 31,000,000;
that of France, 38,000,000, and of the United
States say, 38,000,000. The wealth per capita
of the people of Great Britain is, $1,124 ; of
France, $843 25, of the United States,$502 37.
The amount of interest paid by Great Brit-
ain on her debt is $126,628,890; by France,
$70,000,000, and by the United States in 1867
$143,000,000.
Even if the debt be funded as proposed our
annual interest cannot be less than $114,000,-
000. In Great Britain the people pay annually
per capita for interest $3 26; in France, about
$2 ; in the United States, if the debt be not
funded, $4 03; if funded, $3 20. InGreatBrit-
ain each dollar of wealth owes to the public debt
11-& cents ; in France, 8J-cents, and in the Uni-
ted States 13^ cents.
The rate of interest on the public debt in
England is three percent.; on over three fourths
of the debt in France, three per cent, and four
and four and one half per eent. on the remain-
der, and in the United States six per cent., and
now that it is proposed to reduce it to five per
cent, some people are shocked at the immoral-
ity of the proposition.
In Great Britain each $100 of property pays
annually for interest 36 cents ; in France, 20
cents; in the United States, 57 cents.
If we take the current yearly expenditures
of these Governments for all purposes, we find
that each $100 in England pays 05 cents; in
France, $1 11; in the United States, $1 73.
In consequence of this large debt, I have
already said, money is diverted from the chan-
nels of productive industry. To meet the
accruing interest makes it necessary to resort
to high tariffs. To meet the current expenses
of the Government we are forced to levy
burdensome rates of internal taxation. This
tends to reduce the profits upon business,
while it largely increases the px-ice of the pro-
ducts without corresponding benefits to the
producer. This condition of things has thrown
the balance of trade against us. To meet that
balance we have been forced to ship bonds to
Europe, until now the interest on these bonds
constitutes an annual balance against us of no
less than $30,000,000. The imports and ex-
ports of the last four months exhibit a state
of affairs less satisfactory than ever. If we
continue to ship bonds to meet these balances,
it only aggravates the evil. If, on the other
hand, we ship gold it will drain us of the
precious metals in less than five- years' time,
and specie payment will become a myth indeed.
When the coin is gone, importations must
cease. When importations cease, the custom-
house no longer furnishes gold with which to
pay accruing interest.
To sustain our credit the interest must be
paid. To pay the interest, gold must then be
purchased with depreciated paper, collected
m the shape of internal taxation from the
suffering and prostrate business of the coun-
try. When we shall have arrived at this
point—and without the most thorough and rad-
ical measures we shall soon reach it—the pub-
lic credit will be hopelessly lost. Not only
will public credit bo lost, but the means of re-
suscitating it will be lost also. The currency
of the country, whether we expand or contract
it, will then be deranged; prices will be exor-
bitantly high; the rewards of labor will scarcely
furnish the means of livelihood; individual
credit will be worthless, and a period of gen-
eral bankruptcy will set in. This is a dark
picture. I hope it is overdrawn. Unless
Congress performs its duty during this session
the reality I fear will be worse than any pic-
ture I can draw.
Some persons will complain of this view of
the subject. They will profess to see in it an
attack on the public credit. Nothing that I
may say will damage the Government credit.
Capitalists may not speak so plainly as I do,
but, if men are to be judged by their actions,
they think more than 1 dare say. They tell us
that the bonds are payable, principal and in-
terest, in gold. Such they say is the contract.
They also tell us that the Government is able
to resume specie payments to-day, and loudly
insist that there is no necessity for reducing
the interest to enable the Government to pay
in coin. They tell us that our resources are
perfectly abundant, and yet in the face of all
this our bonds are hawked about in foreign
markets at 71 and 72 cents in English gold and
at from 76 to 78 in New York, payable in
American gold. An English three per cent,
consol, payable at the option of the Govern-
ment, sells at 94 cents by the side of a five-
twenty six per cent, bond struggling for credit
at 71. Hudson Iiiver railroad shares, declar-
ing an annual dividend of eight per cent, in
currency, sell for 145 in New York, while the
Government bond sells for 104 to 110 in cur-
rency. Cleveland and Toledo shares, with an
annual currency dividend of seven per cent.,
bring 109. Illinois Central with ten per cent,
dividends sell for 135, and New York Central
with six per cent, dividends sell for 120. These
facts indicate a want of confidence. Either
the debt itself or the interest on it is too large.
There is a doubt about something. Capitalists
either doubt the Government's ability, or its
disposition to pay. The Government so far
has paid its interest, and nearly broken down
the energies of the people in an effort to pay
a part of the priucipal. The doubt, then, must
be in regard to its ability and not its disposi-
tion. It will be observed that in the Secre-
tary's last report the estimates for the future
are not calculated to strengthen confidence.
For the last three quarters of the fiscal year
1868 he figures up a surplus of only $1,000,000,
and for the fiscal year 1869 with difficulty he
finds a surplus of $9,000,000, which I fear will
never be realized.
Listen to the complaints of the people of
every section, coming up trumpet-tongued to
Congress, asking for relief from taxation. See
the conventions being held, telling of ruined
commerce, of crippled industry, of dwarfed
production, the dearth of mono}', and the gen-
eral stagnation of business. In this state of
things convention after convention of both the
great political parties, in the Western States,
meets and demands a change in financial pol-
icy. Some of the bondholders—not all—I am
glad to know, and many of their indiscreet
friends, however, are inexorable. They have
the wealth ; they own the newspapers; they can
pay the price demanded for the influence of
talent; tliey tell us the debt is sacred; Con-
gress can no longer legislate on those subjects
which of right belong to the Representatives of
a free people ; if former legislation were preju-
dicial to them, it must bo repealed ; if the
currency were expanded when they purchased
securities, it must now be withdrawn, for thus
they imagine the securities mount to a gold
value; if the issue of United States notes were
limited when they purchased, this limit must
not be exceeded, though increased population,
business, wealth, and enlarged area of country
should all combine to demand it.
Congress, they admit, could properly make
gold contracts between individuals payable in
depreciated paper, but it cannot touch the
public debt. Congress could lay its heavy hand
upon $600,000,000 of State bank capital and
force sixteen hundred banks into liquidation as
one of the means to float these very bonds
upon the market, but now the bonds are be-
yond the vulgar touch of the people or their
Representatives. State bank circulation, de-
clared legal under the high sanctions of the
Supreme Court, could be taxed ten per cent,
per annum for the avowed purpose of its de-
struction, but who dares propose a tax on Gov-
ernment bonds? It was right to pay the sol-
dier in currency, though he enlisted before the
legal-tender act passed. It is now right to pay
his bounty and pension in currency, though he
founds his right to receive them on tha act of
July, 1861. It was right to pay the builders
of boats and other contractors in constantly
depreciating currency, but to apply the same
rule to-day to the fundholder is sacrilege. It
was right, in order that the Government might
live, that that hoary iniquity, human slavery,
and the $2,000,000,000 claimed to be invested
in it, should be blotted out, and blotted out
forever.
A few days since an able and somewhat in-
teresting pamphlet fell into my hands, in which
were the following words :
"Let all repudiators and all advocates for pay-
ment of tho public debt in promises to pay on de-
mand, which are not meant to be kept, be treated as
public enemies. If any member of Congress should
be known to favor these measures he should be
promptly ejected from his seat and returned to his
constituents to study tho principles of common hon-
esty."
This intemperate language appears in an
article attacking the privilege to convert bonds,
even at the option of the holder, and denounc-
ing the repeal of the limitation on national
banking. The purpose, then, is to force up the
value of bonds by an exhausting system of con-
traction, in utter disregard of every material
interest of nineteen twentieths of the people.
Mr. President, suppose that, by reducing the
rate of interest the bond would be increased
and not diminished in value. It is now worth
less than 72. Suppose it would then command
84—about the price, I believe, of a four per
cent. Brazilian bond to-day—would the creditor
be injured? Would he not be benefited? If
he choose not to retain a four per cent, security
he can easily sell it at an advance of fourteen
cents to the dollar, and invest the proceeds in
some other depreciated six per cent. bond.
There are but few Governments thatissue bonds
with such high rate of interest, but whenever
issued they are invariably depreciated. The
increase of wealth in no nation is equal to six
per cent, per annum for a long series of years;
hence no nation can pay it without bankrupt-
ing its Government or impoverishing its peo-
ple. Capitalists know this thing, and they
always distrust such securities.
Let us suppose, again, that a reasonable
increase of currency, either in the shape of
legal-tender notes or national bank paper, or
both, would tend to revive drooping industry,
increase the products of labor, assist in the
development of what is now unproductive
wealth, enable the nation to swell its exports
above its imports, what harm would be done
to the bondholder? If these results should
follow, the effect would be, I think, to appre-
ciate his security. I feel satisfied that such
would be the result, and therefore I insist that
those who favor this policy shall not be ex-
pelled from Congress by their fellow-members
at the bidding of a foolish bondholder who
knows not his own interest.
IN WHAT CCKBENCY THE DEBT SHOULD BE PUD.
A word now in regard to the law of this
question. On the 1st day of July, 1861, the
public debt was $90,867,828 68. There was
no stipulation in what medium it should be
paid. Gentlemen argue that, having been
issued when gold was the currency, it must,
therefore, be paid in gold. They insist that
this understanding controls the contract as
much as if it appeared in express terms. This
argument, it will be perceived, goes upon the
hypothesis that it is incompetent fur the Gov-
ernment to make anything else than the pre-
cious metals a legal tender in the payment of
debts. Is it not too late in the day for our
people to stand on any such argument? The
right has been exercised for six years, and
during that time this vast debt has beea created.
If the act was legal at any time it ia legal now.
