2676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I did not know that he
had been assassinated.
_ Mr. B [TILER. Of Lincoln by Jefferson
Davis. I am glad to be corrected by the other
side_, who seem to know all about it.
When that investigation took place every
fact, every circumstance before tlie committee
was known to the witnesses outside long before
the report to this House was made. So it was
when the Judiciary Committee took the testi-
mony in regard to the impeachment of the
President; and while I do not make any charge
against an}' gentleman on the committee—l'or
I know some of tliem to be honorable men—yet
it so happened that every fact, everything testi-
fied to was at once made known to the public,
and the witnesses came here and squared their
testimony accordingly. Now, then, the reason
why I do not want some of the gentlemen on
the other side of the House upon the committee
is that I am afraid of the testimony being known
to them immediately in the course of their
dinners, in private and confidential communica-
tions or otherwise, it will be imparted so as
to get to the witnesses, and the witnesses will
thus be able to square their stories by it.
AVhy do I say this? Because one of the
Astor House conspirators has already attempted
to approach one of the employes of the House
to get at the testimony before you so as to
square his testimony by it. Let me r?peat it.
One of the Astor House conspirators, who got
together for the purpose of consulting upon
raising money to buy Senators' votes, has at-
tempted to bribe an employe of the House to
get the telegrams we had of his and to know
what evidence we had in regard to him. He
does not want to testify before the committee
any more than Mr. Woolley until he knows
what we have got against him. It is to keep
the secrets of state, to keep the matter of
evidence uudivulged from men who are holding
out until by the efforts of friends 011 this floor
they can get to see the testimony before the
committee, that none of the gentlemen 011 the
other side should be allowed on the committee.
This same Mr. Woolley refused to answer,
when last called before us, unless he could see
what he had answered before. That was the
first thing he asked when he came before us.
Next, he wanted a lawyer. I told him that he
aid not require a lawyer in order to know how
to tell the truth. 1 thought, that was not the
province of a lawyer. [Laughter.] 1 have
known that a man could tell the truth without
a lawyer. I believe Woolley is now holding
out until he can find out what testimony we
have against him, so as to square his story
■with it.
I have heard of his probable explanation
of the flat contradiction between himself and
Sheridan Shook. He says he gave the money
to Shook, and Shook says he did not get it.
What is to be the explanation made before the
committee, as I am informed, if the exposure
does not prevent it? That a Mr. Fitzhugh,
finding both drunk, took the money out of the
pocket of Shook, so that Woolley can swear
he gave it to Shook, and Shook can swear he
has not got it, and both thus appear to tell the
truth. If they could only find out what other
testimony wfe have they would fit their stories
accordingly.
But, sir, passing from this, we are told by
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
gan, J who has justpreached his funeral sermon
[laughter] 
himThe people will resurrect
Mr. BUTLER. We arc told by him that we
are making a bastile of the Capitol and that
we are outraging all precedents by so doing
Why, sir, 111 the very Second Congress our
fathers brought up William Duane, a news-
paper editor—and I commend this to some
newspaper editors on the other side—and put
him in prison in the Capitol for days until he
answered for libeling the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. William J. Duaue was
never an editor.
Mr. BUTLER. I call attention next to the
case of Mr. Walcott, of Massachusetts, whom
this House confincd in a jail, in a dungeon, if
you please, for more than eight weeks, as my
memory serves me, and simply because he
would not answer what ? They proved $87,000
in his hands, and the allegation was that he
bribed members to vote for the tariff bill. He
answered that he used it for his own private
purpose, and would not criminate himself, and
because he would not tell what he did with it
he was kept in jail until the session came to
an end. A law was then passed that no wit-
ness thereafter should be allowed to shield
himself under the plea that he might give evi-
dence tending to criminate himself.
Again, this House took Mr. Simonton and
thrust him down into the coal-hole of this
Capitol and kept him there until he answered
where lie got the President's message which
he had published before the time.
Again, we took a high diplomat, Chevalier
Wykoff, put him in that same coal-hole, and
kept him there twenty-eight hours, and until
he answered.
And tbishas been done by all the Congresses,
commencing from the First down to to-day.
So that we are doing in this case exactly what
every House of Representatives has done.
_ They say we are providing to make a bas-
tile in the Capitol. Why, sir, 1 went down to
see that coal-hole, and 1 thought, it was not a
lit place to put any man into in its present con-
dition ; hence I asked theSergeant-at-Annsto
provide a place in which to hold Woolley, and
he said he had no authority to provide a place.
Mr. BO\ ER. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BUTLER. I have not time; if 1 had
I would. 1 say I saw the place where Wyfeoff
was confined was not now a (it place for such
purpose, and so I asked to have the place
mentioned in our resolution provided for this
purpose. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] complains these rooms are not fit for
any man to stay in, and in the next breath
complains that we are maliciously turning a
lady out of them. [Laughter.]
Now, if anything that "has been charged by
my fliend from Ohio [Mr. Moiiuan] against,
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Julian] had any
loundation in truth, or if we occcpt the version
of the gentleman from Indiana, it is very clear
that these roomsought to be cleaned out, and at
once; because, without saying a word about
the woman, whom, 1 believe, I never saw, she
ought not to be left in rooms in this Capitol,
where she is exposed to such suspicion. Let
her and everybody else who visits her there be
cleared out, and if the statue of Mr. Lincoln,
which she is supposed to be making, is spoilt in
so doing, as one of his friends I shall bo very
glad of it, for, from what I hear of it, I think
it is a thing that will do neither him nor the
country credit.
[Hero, the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays. I was going to ask the gentleman to
allow an amendment that Mr. Woolley1 s wife,
who is here, may be allowed to see him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he would not hesitate to grant permission to
the counsel and wife of Mr. Woollov to visit
him under this resolution. He would not ex-
clude the wife under any circumstances, unless
he was ordered by the House to do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not know but the
managers might control the matter. '
The SPEAKER. It is to be by order of
the Speaker, who holds that the prisoner's
wife and counsel should be admitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution is rightly
interpreted by the Speaker.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 34. not
voting 55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Baldwin, Beaman, <
Jjeatty, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair. Boutwell,
Bromwoll, Butler. Churchill, Reader W. Olm-ke
bianev Clarke. Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Oovouo Cul- ■
lorn, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Bggloston, \
Eld, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield,
Griswokl, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jcnckcs, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Keteham, Koontz,
Laflin, Genrge V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,Mallory,
McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Muliins. Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perhatn, Pike, Pile, Plants. Poland, Polsloy,
Pomoroy, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofiold,
Shcllabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stokes, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
We! ker, Thomas William,--, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes. Beck, Borer,
Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Gctz, Gloss-
bronner. Golladay, J-Iaisfht, Hotehkiss, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick. Morgan,
Nibla,ck, .Nicholson, Phelps, Kantian, Ross, Sit-
greaves, Stewart, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Ankcn, Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—34.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Detos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Brooinall,
Buckland, Cake, Cook, Dodge, Eckley, Eliot, Fin-
ney, Fox, Gravely, Grover, Hawkins, iioiman, Asa-
het W. Hubbaid, Kichaid D. Hubbard, Ilulburd,
Humphrey, Kelsey, Kitchen, Marvin, Maynard,
McCullough, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Nunn,
Peters, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Sclye, Shanks,
Spalding, Thaddous Stevens, Taber, Taylor, Twich-
ell. Van Aernain. Van Wyek, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Woodbridgc—55.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
DUTIES ON COPPER.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. li. No. 1127) to provide for
specific duties on copper, copper ore, and reg-
ulus imported into the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
CONTESTED ELECTION DELANO VS. MORGAN.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a privileged
question. I wish to give notice to the House
that, on Tuesday next, immediately after the
reading of the Journal, I will call up the con-
tested-election case of Delano vs. Morgan.
Mr. KERR. Before the sense of the House
is taken on that proposition 
'Ihe SPEAKER. _ No action of the House
is required. It is simply a notice.
Mr. KERR. Then I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if he will not eon-
sent to take up some other one of the contested-
election cases first ? There are more than one.
I will state the reasons.
Mr. PILE. I object to debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Indiana that I have 110 control over
any other case reported by the Committee of
Elections.
CONSTITUTION OY FLORIDA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To (he Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit to Congress the accompanying docu-
ments, .which are the only papers that have been
sumbmitteil to mo relative to the proceedings to
which they refer in the State of Florida S
w ^ „ ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 27, 1sss.
The SPEAKER. This relates to the con-
stitution of the State of Florida.
I he message and the accompanying docu-
ments were_ leferrcd to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
ORDEli OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that the House
go into the Cominittee of the WholG on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of getting the
Indian appropriation bill out of the way, and
taking up the tax bill.
Ihe SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, except by unanimous consent, as there
has been no morning hour yet.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen appeal to me
to give way for the morning hour, and I there-
foie demand the regular order of business,
and I hope gentlemen will stay here and assist
in getting the Indian appropriation bill out of
the way.
JOHN A. NECSTAEDTER,
I he SPEAKER. The morning hour has
