3700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I desire to say that,
so far as the Departments generally are cou-
cerned, I concur in what the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mayxaud] hasjustsaid. Prob-
ably numerically there is a larger force in the
different Departments, with the exception of
the Post Oflice Department, than is necessary.
"While the business of the other Departments
lias diminished since the close of the war the
business of the Post Oflice Department has
been largely increased, as every gentleman
must know, by the reopening of mail service
in the insurgent States, the appointment of
additional postmasters, the keeping of accounts
■with their various offices, the establishment of
new mail routes, &c. The force of clerks in
that Department has not been increased in
proportion to the increased labor thrown upon
the Department, and is not at the presenttime
sufficient for the performance of that labor.
As regards the other Departments—the War,
the Navy, the Treasury, the State Department,
&c.—what the gentleman from Tennessee has
Eaid is undoubtedly true.
Mr. MAYNAlti). 1 withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Seventy-second amendment:
Strike out in lino four hundred and ninoty, after
the words "sixty-lour oleik of olasa two,"the words
"four of thciu transferred from Third Auditor's
office."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred ia.
Seventy-third amendment:
In lino four hundred and ninety-one! strike out
"thirty" and insert "sevenso as to read, "seven
Clerks of class one."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-fourth amendment:
Strikeout in lines four hundred and ninety-four
and four hundred and ninety-five the words "includ-
ing additional to two clerks of class three transferred
to class four."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment:
Strike out in lines four hundred and ninety-five and
four hundred and ninety-six the words "$191,900"
and insert in lieu thereof "$229,160;" so as to read
*'$229,100."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
'J'he amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-sixth amendment,:
In line fifty-four strike out "six" and insert
"eight;" so as to make the paragraph read as fol-
lows :
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, revenue ocrcnts, inspectors, and
superintendents of exports and drawbacks, together
with the expense of carrying into elfect the various
provisions of the several acts providing internal
uvenne. excepting items otherwise estimated for,
§8,000,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
In line five hundred and fifty-eight strike out
" one" and insert " twoso that the paragraph will
rend as follows:
For detecting and bringing to trial and punish-
mentpersons guilty of violating the internal revenue
laws or conniving at the same, in cases where such
expenses are not otherwise provided for by law,
$200,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
In line five hundred and sixty-seven, strike out
"ten" and insert "one hundred.;" so that the para-
graph will read as follows:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the several buieaus, including copying, labor, bind-
ing, sealing sinpi' registers translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra cierk hire for prepar-
ing and collecting information, to be laid before
Congress, and for miscellaneous itciu^, $100,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
After the word "dollars," in lino five hundred and
sixty-seven, add the following:
But tho Special Commissioner of tho Revenue
shall, under tho direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, act as superintendent of thedivision in the
oflice of said Secretary, created by the thirteenth
section of the act approved July 20, I860, entitled
" An act to protcct the revenue, and for other pur-
poses," and called tho Bureau of Statistics; and tho
Secretary of the Treasury may appoint one division
clerk at tho same salary as the head of division in
the office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who shall act as deputy to tfho said Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue in respoct to said bureau, and
exorcise iu his absence all power belonging to him
as such superintendent, oxcopt tho franking privi-
lege, and the office of director of tho Bureau of
Statistics is hereby abolished.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence, with an amendment adding
the words u after the 1st of January, 1809."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. The committee agreed to
report another amendment to the amendment
of the Senate. It has been omitted by mis-
take. It was to add near the beginning of the
amendment, after the words " but the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue shall,M the words
" after the 1st of January, I860." I move that
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Blaine was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Eightieth amendment:
Insert tho following:
For temporary clerks in the Treasury Department,
$150,000: Provided, That tho Secretary of tho Treas-
ury be, and ho is hereby, authoiized, in his discre-
tion, to classify the clerks according to the character
of their services.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-first amendment:
Insert " private land claims and surreys;" so the
paragraph will read:
General Land Otlice:
For Commissioner of the General Land Office, re-
corder, chief clerk, three principal clerks of public
lauds, private land claims, and surveys, three clerks
of class four, twenty-three clerks of class three,forty
clerks of class two, torty clerks of class one, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, two me^sengors, three
assistant me.r-sengeis, two packers, seven laborers,
and eight watchmen employed in his office, in all,
$17S,200.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-second and eighty-third amendments:
Strike out " twenty" and insert" forty;" and strike
out "thirty-four" and insert "fifty-eight;" so the
clause will road as follows:
For compensation of additional clerks in the Gen-
eral Land Ofiico under the act of March 3,1855: For
one principal clerk as director, one clerk ot class
three, four clerks of class two, forty clerks of class
one, and two laborers, $58,640.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendments were severally non-con-
curred in.
On the recommendation of the Committee
on Appropriations the committee non-concur-
red in the following amendments from the
eighty-fourth to the ninety-ninth, both in-
clusive:
Strike out "$2,500" and insert "$6,300;" so tho
paragraph will read:
Surveyors general and their clerks:
For compensation of tho surveyor general of Min-
nesota, $2,000, and the clerks in his office, $6,300.
Strike out " $4,000" and insert" $0,300;" so it will
read:
For surveyor general of Kansas, $2,000, and the
elerks in his office, $6,300.
Strike out " £4,500" and insert " $11,000;" so it will
read:
For surveyor general of California and Arizona,
$3,000, and for clerks in his office, 511,000.
insert " and two," and "and seventy-two cents:"
so it will then road as follows:
Forsurveyorgeneralol'Kevada, $2,502 72, and the
clerks in his office, St 000.
Strike out "$4,000" and insert " $0,300;" so it will
then rend as follows:
For surveyorgenerttl of Nclyfoskaand Iowa, $2,000,
and tho clerks iu hio ofiico, $0,300.
Strike out "three" and insert "four;"so it will
For surveyor general of Montana, $3,000, and for
the clerks in his office, $1,000.
One hundredth amendment:
Insert the following:
For services of the clerk of thedistnct court of the
northern district of Mississippi, as keeper of the
rccords and files of the land office at Pontotoc, Mis-
sissippi, from June4,186(3, to Junc 4,1868, §500; and it
is hereby made the duty of said clerk, on the passage
of this act, to transfer the records and files aforesaid
to the register of the land office at Jackson, Missis-
sippi ; and the nineteenth section of the act of March
3,1853, entitled "An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30in of June, 1851," be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee on appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
By unanimous consent the amendments one
hundred and one to one hundred and forty-
three, inclusive, were considered in gross, the
Committee on Appropriations recommending
non-concurrence.
One hundred and first'amendment:
Striko out "four" and insert "seven:" so as to
road, " seven ole:ks of class four;" also, strike out
"ST,200" and insert "$12,600."
One hundred and second amendment:
Insert:
For four clcrks of class three, $6,400.
One hundred and third amendment:
Strike out" six " and insert" eight;" so as to read:
" Fight clerks of class one."
One hundred and fourth amendment:
Strike out "$7,200" and insert " $9,600."
One hundred and fifth amendment:
Striko out "one" and insert "three;" so as to
read:
Three clcrks of class four.
One hundred and sixth amendment;
Striko out " $1,800 " and insert " $5,400."
One hundred and seventh amendment:
Strike out " one" and insert" nine;" so as to read:
Einc clcrks of class three.
One hundred and eighth amendment:
Strike out " $1,600 " and insert " $14,400."
One hundred aud ninth amendment:
Strikeout "twenty-six " and insert "forty;" so as
to lead:
Forty clcrks of class one.
One hundred and tenth amendment:
Strike out " $31,200" and insert " $18,000."
One hundred and eleventh and one hundred
and twelfth amendments:
Strike out " four" and insert "nineteen;" strike
out "$6,400 " and insert "630,400:" so as to read :
For nineteen clerks of class three, $30,400.
One hundred and thirteenth and one hun-
dred and fourteenth amendments:
Strike out " seven " and insert" forty-two;" striko
out "#9,800" and insert " $58,800;" so as to read:
For forty-two clerks of class two, $58,800.
One hundred and fifteenth amendment:
Strike out "three" and insert" four;" strikeout
"$5,400" and insert "$7,200;" so as to read:
For four clerks of class four, $7,200.
One hundred and sixteenth amendment:
Strike out "two" and insert "one;" strike out
"$3,200" and insert "$1,000;" so as to read:
For one clerk of class three, $1,600.
One hundred and seventeenth amendment:
Insert the word " each;" so as to read:
For thirty clcrks of class one, at $1,200 each, $36,000.
One hundred and eighteenth aud one hun-
dred and nineteenth amendments:
Strike out" four" and insert " fourteen;" strike out
'$5,G00" and insert "$19,600."
One hundred and twentieth, and one hundred
and twenty-first amendments:
Strike out" eight" and insert" twenty-four;" strike
out "$9,600" and insert "$28,800;" so a^ to road:
lor twenty-four clerks of class one, $28,800.
One hundred and twenty-second to one hun-
dred aud twenty-ninth amendments, inclusive:
Strike out "one" and insert "two;" strike out
4 $1,800" and insert "S3.600strike out and
   ,    -ufc
$2,800" and insert "$5,600;" strike out "four" and
insert "twenty-live;" strike out " $4,800" and insert
" $30,000so that the paragraph will read as fol-
lows :'
Office of the Surgeon General:
For two clerks of class lour, $3,600; for two clerks
