152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
[February 13,
Ho. of Heps.
Contested Election—Mr. Brown.
40th Cong....2  Sess.,
so long ns there is a tree for a fortification or a foot
o£ land for a freeman to stand upon."
Who eyer doubted tlie loyalty of Senator
Guthrie here, in Kentucky, or in the Union ?
Now, take up my letter and contrast its utter-
ance with his. Can yon, with metaphysical
scissors, cut a line of difference or distinction
between the two ?
Following on in the account of this meeting,
it says I addressed it. After speaking in com-
plimentary terms, too complimentary forme to
read in this presense, at the close it says Mr.
Brown—
" Earnestly urged the neutrality of Kentucky in the
present crisis as the best and most practicable posi-
tion for Kentucky to maintain her integrity in the
Union and to mediate between the antagonistic
sections,
"The meeting, which was entirely orderly, ad-
journed after giving rounds of cheers for the Union
and for the American flag."
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, in commenting on this
speech of miue, read its expressions, but with
the adroitness of an advocate omitted that part
of it which stated the stand from which I spoke
was draped with the American flag, and that
the meeting which 1 addressed adjourned with
cheers for the Union and for that American flag.
Now, what were the resolutions passed by that
meeting?
"4. That secession is a remedy for no evils, real or
imaginary, but an aggravation and complication of
existing difficulties.
"5. That the memorios of the past, the interests of
tlie present, and the solemn convictions of the future
duty and usefulness in the hope of mediation, pre-
vent Kentucky from taking part with the seceding
States against the Uencral Government.
"6. That 'the present duty of Kentucky is to mniii-
tain her present independent position, taking &ides,
not with the Administration nor with the seceding
States, but with tlie Uuiou against them both, declar-
ing her soil to be sacred from the hostile tread of
either,.and, if necessary, to make the declaration
good with her strong right arm.'
"7. That to the end Kentucky may be fully pre-
pared for any contingency, "We would havo her arm
herself thoroughly at the earliest practicable mo-
ment' by regular legal action.
"8. Thnt we look to tho younsr men of the Ken-
tucky State Guard as the bulwarks of tho safety of
our Commonwealth, and that we conjure them to
remember that they are pledged equally to fidelity to
the United States and Kentucky."
Such were the resolutions, such were the
speeches, made at this convention.
The position Kentucky assumed has been de-
nounced upon this floor. Neutrality has been
called treason; but before you too hurriedly
judge her remember the position she occu-
pied; remember her surroundings ; remember
the elements that made up her population ; re-
member her proximity to the States, sister
States, which had seceded; and remember
that this position was taken at the instance and
with the approbation of all her leading Union
spirits, including John J. Crittenden, and that
Lincoln himself respected and recognized it.
Wo findhere, in a letter from Mr. Underwood,
that—
"In reference to Kentucky, Mr. Lincoln told me
he hoped Kentucky would stand by the Government
in the present difficulties, but if she would not do
that let her stand still and tako no hostile part
against it, and that no hostile step should tread her
soil." '
ITiat was on the 1st day of May, 18G1.
Nearly one month after writing that letter,
which is the groundwork for the charge upon
"which I am to be excluded, I announced
myself in my district as a candidate for re-
election to Congress. With what party did I
then stand identified ? By what newspapers
was I supported? With whom did I politi-
cally aliiliate? I hold in my "hand the in-
dorsement of the Louisville Democrat, and
the Louisville Journal of that card of an-
nouncement for reelection. The card reads as
follows:
" To the Voters of the Fifth Congressional District.
" Elizabethtown, May 13.1801.
" Fellow-Citizens : In compliance with the wishes
of my friends throughout the fifth congressional dis-
trict, I announce myself as a candidate for reelection
to Congress. My opinions are the same as hereto-
fore expressed in public speeches made in seven
counties of the district. X have seen no reason to
change them, and I have not changcd them.
"Kentucky's present position should be main-
tained."
What was that position? It was a position
of impartial neutrality.
"With coolness and firmness and courage let her
brave and patriotic sons struggle hopefiilly and un-
pausingly to preserve her present proper and com-
manding attitude. By her recent unparalleled vote
our State has sent up from the depths of her great
heart a prayer for peace, and given a pledgo of her
noblo conservatism. As she is free from the guilt
of tho unhappy troubles of tho nation let ua shield
her, if we can, from their harmful consequences."
The Louisville Journal, speaking in compli-
mentary terms of me, concludes the article as
follows:
"There are other noble Union spirits in the fifth
congressional district, but we 3utve no doubt that our
friends in thnt district will, by common consent, hail
John Young Brown as their champion in the con-
gressional canvass."
The Louisville. Democrat speaks of me in
this language:
"Wo all feel and know that in his hands the dis-
trict's and the State's interests will bcsafcly guarded.
Wo suppose from the universal sentiment in his favor
that he will be chosen by acclamation."
Now, it is charged that this letter of 18th
April of mine gave aid, countenance, counsel,
and encouragement to those engaged in armed
hostility to the Government. It was not till
the 3d day of May that the southern States
were declared in insurrection; it was not till
the 15th day of April that a call was made
upon Kentucky, not for volunteers, but for
four regiments of militia. It is charged that
my letter encouraged men to go into the con-
federate ranks and discouraged men from join-
ing the Federal Army. If I am to be judged
by the earnest and incautious utterances of
that letter, did I not stand with the Union party
in my Stale? Did I not stand with the Union
Legislature ? Did I not stand with Crittenden,
with Guthrie, with Speed, with Dixon, and
with the whole host of leaders of the Union
parly? If you judge me by that letter did^ot
the leading Union prints of New York say,
"Let the erring sisters go in peace?" Did
they not go so far as even to admit the right
of the States to separate themselves from the
General Government? But, sir, both before
the writing of that letter and after the writing
of it I stood identified with the Union party of
my State, and if I was wrong' then the party
was wrong.
Now, what is the rule by which I am to be
judged? The Committee of Elections in the
Kentucky cases say this:
"Whenever it is shown by proof that the claimant
has by act oi speech given aid or countenance to
the rebellion ho should not be permitted to take tho
oath, and such acts or speech need not be such as to
constitute treason technically, but must have been so
overt and public and muat havo been dono or said
under such circumstances as fairly to show that they
were actually designed to, and in their nature tended
to, forward the cause of tho rebollion."
Can you say of my letter that it was actually
intended and designed to forward the cause of
the rebellion, that it encouraged enlistments in
the confederate army, when upon the very day
it was written, as I have shown, in the presence
of five thousand people, side by side with the
distinguished gentlemen I have named, I ad-
dressed a Union meeting and spoke in support
of the resolutions that have been read in your
hearing in favor of the impartial neutrality of
Kentucky? It was an anomalous position that
the State assumed; it was a singular position
for the State to take; but at that time a polit-
ical necessity, and was so recognized by all the
parties of that Commonwealth.
What is the proof in my case ? Hon. Robert
Mallory. who was my colleague in the Thirty- j
Sixth Congress, was examined by the committee i
and testified as follows: !
" I live in Lagrange, Kentucky. I have known Mr. ;
Brown a good many years; my intimate acquaint- !
auce with him commenced during the last Congress i
of Mr. Buchanan's Administration, whon we wore !
colleagues together in the House of Representatives;
Mr. Brown was elected to that Congress beiore he
was twenty-five years old, and he did not take his
soat until the second session, by which tune he had
attained his twenty-fifth year. In all our inter-
course, during that session, when the question ot
secession was so much mooted, he was uncqaivoc'aliy
opposed to it. and took issue with some ol his col-
leagues in Congress at that time, as I did. lie was,
with me, a Union man, against the secession of the
southern States, and a total disbeliever—a3 he said
to mo on many occasions—in the doctrine of seces-
sion as a constitutional right.
" Question. Please to state mypoliticalstatusmthe
spring and summer of 1861?
"Answer. I recollecthavingfrequentconversations
with Mr. Brown in the spring and summer ot m
Kentucky, when that question was rife here, tie was
a Union man then. I remember a speech he made m
Louisville, in May, 1801, at the convention, when Mr.
Guthrie made what I thought to be a father wild
and rahid speech, of which, I may say, I did not
approve. Mr. Brown avowed himself a Union man
then and opposed secession."
He says my speech was in May ; it was really
in April. Now, the committee go on in their
report to say :
"Tho committee cannot avoid the force of another
consideration in this connection. Mr. Brown him-
self, so far as is shown, never, till the hearing beiore .
the committee, put upon this letter the construction
now claimed forit. As late asduring thecanvasstor
the seat now claimed, in April last, it was publicly
charged upon him as a treasonable document, and
nowhere, as far as the committee can learn, did he
disavow the plain import of the words or claim tor
them any other interpretation, but, on the other
hand, received the plaudits of rebel sympathizers
upon his announcement that the letter still expressed
his sentiments."
I am amazed that the committee should make
this remark in the face of the proof whieh_ I
will now read. Mr. Keno, examined as a wit-
ness for the contestant, says :
"To Mr,Brown:
"If I can rccollcct properly your speech at Green-
ville, your remark was, that at that time you were a
Union candidate, and that Governor Helm was then
advocating; the cause of secession, and that you had
written this letter under those circumstances.
"Question. Did lor not make reference to the posi-
tion of the Union party of Kentucky, as evidenced
by its party platform and tho resolution of the two
State conventions, and quote the position of Sena-
tor Guthrie, Attorney General Speed, General Rous-
seau, Senator Davis, and cite extracts from the Louis-
ville Democrat and Louisville Journal, going to show
that the whole State was committed to the doctrinc
of neutrality, and that my position was in strict
accord with that of the whole Union party in Ken-
tucky ?
"Answer, You made reference to those conventions,
and stated that those men approved of your action
at that time, That was my understanding. You
made it appear from your speech that those men
approved of your portion."
Here is the testimony of another "witness, Mr.
Little:
"By Mr. Brown:
" Question. Did I not in that spcech cite the posi-
tion of Mr. Pi entice of tlie Louisville Journal, Mr.
Harney of the Louisville Democrat, Mr. Guthrie,
United State? Senator, General Rousseau, lute Uni-
ted States Congressman, and Mr. Speed, Attorney
General in Lincoln's Cabinet, and cite the address of
the Union Central Committee to show that the sen-
timents expressed in my lettei wei e the same as those
held by the entire Union party of Kentucky?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Did I not state that at tho time I wrote
tho letter I was a Union man?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Did I not state that at the time I wrote
the letter, and at any time during the war, I would
have been willing to give my life to restore the coun-
try to what it oncc "was?
"Answer. I think you did."
And yet the committee, in reporting against,
my admission, state that at no time did 1 ever
put a construction upon that letter different
from that which it boars upon its face, when the
proof goes to show that from one end of my
district to the other, when this letter was read
by both of my competitors and my attention
was called to it and an explanation demanded
ol* it, I gave the same then in Kentucky that I
am giving now to this House.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] in
his speech said:
" X beg leave -now to call the especial attention of
the House to the tact that at the time that the senti-
ments contained in ibis letter weie publicly avowed
by Mr. Liown in a speech at Hcobaidsville, in the
beginning of April, lS61.arebel agentwas recruiting
among the audience for tho confederate a nay."
I assert that the proof nowhere, from the
