1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
differ from that of other Senators to some ex-
tent, for perhaps the best of reasons, that I
myself am n naturalized citizen of the I nited
States ; but my opinion upon this subject cjiu-
not be different in any respect from that ot any
Senator or any other citizen of the I nited
States. The power of this Government, its
ability to give happiness to its people, and to
be respected abroad, cannot be shown in any
more distinctive manner than that where the
shield of its citizenship covers a human being
the most explicit and certain protection shall
go w.th it; and this, sir, should be secured by
this Government to all its citizens. j
Mr. SHERMAN. In presenting the me- :
morial of the highly respectable meeting in
Cincinnati, and also of the proceedings of the
city council, I did not intend to elicit any
debate nor to express any opinion about the
matter, but simply to have it referred to the
appropriate committee. I desire now, as
something has been said upon it, to say that
this relates to three different classes of sub-
jects, three different classes of complaints,
each of which stands upon a different founda-
tion. First, it is alleged that naturalized citi-
zens of America are tried in England, and
great complaints have been made that they are
executed. Now, I think when a native or a
naturalized citizen of America goes to a for-
eign country and commits any violation of its
law whatever, great or small, he is amenable
to that law, and it is not the duty of the Uni-
ted States to follow American citizens abroad
and shield them from the consequences of a
violation of the laws of the local authorities.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course not.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there is another
class of cases where offenses are committed
in this country, quasi political in their charac-
ter, by citizens native or naturalized of this
country, and they go abroad and are there
arraigned in whole or in part for what they
have done in this country. Some of the points
raised in some of the trials in England have
involved that very question. Parts of the
proof of the offenses for which they have
been tried were acts committed or declarations
made at home here in our own country. That
raises a very difficult question. We certainly
cannot allow a foreign Government to punish
our citizens, native or naturalized, for offeuses
committed here which are not punishable by
our law. That seems to be clear; and yet that
is one of the points made in some of the Eng-
lish trials, where declarations made here by
the defendant were admitted as proof of a
guilty intention—an indispensable part of the
crime.
But there i8 another class of cases still more
difficult, in which a very friendly Power in
Europe—for the king and people of Prussia are
undoubtedly friendly to America—adheres to
the old doctrine that a subject cannot surren-
der or renounce his allegiance, and therefore
American citizens by naturalization who have
gone hack to their former homes in Prussia or
iu other parts of Germany after a long resi-
dence in this country have been suddenly
arrested, detained, and put to great trouble on
account of the claim of the German Govern-
ments for military service. Thatcreatesa very
difficult and very complex question, which I
believe has been the subject of negotiation
between the two Governments fora lone time in
a friendly spirit. It is manifest, as this is the
only difficulty or misunderstanding that could
arise between the German Governments and
our own, that it ought to be settled on some
satisfactory basis, and that the rights of Amer-
ican naturalized citizens should be regulated
either by a treaty or by some public declaration
of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. What other German Gov-
ernment makes such a claim?
Mr. SHERMAN. There were several Ger-
man Governments that did so, but most of
them are absorbed now by Prussia.
Mr. GRIMES, Austria has given it up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that, but until
recently quite a number of German Govern-
ments have insisted on that doctrine, and these
questions have arisen in regard to all the Gov-
ernments in Germany, perhaps in regard to
Austria—1 am not so sure about that—but at
any rate in regard to Prussia. They have uni-
formly refused to yield or surrender their claim
to the military service of their citizens, whether
naturalized in this country or residing in this
country, and this has always been a contro-
verted point between the two countries. I do
not wish to dwell on this matter, as the whole
subject will go to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. GONNESS. The Senator from Ohio
has well stated the distinctions that exist in
relation to this subject, which I will not go
over at all, but he did not go quite far enough
when he pointed out the objectionable conduct
of Great Britain upon this question. Their
courts are not only engaged in convicting citi-
zens of the United States for acts done within
our jurisdiction, but for words spoken. The
American citizen is put upon his trial and the
evidence adduced in his case is for words
spoken within the jurisdiction of the United
States of America, and he is convicted and
sentenced and incarcerated in Great Britain
for the crime of having spoken in the United
States of America. I think it is high time that
that grave insult should be repaired.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me one moment.
Mr. CONNESS. I am done, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Agreeing as I do in the
main with what was said by the Senator from
Ohio, and not differing from what my friend
from California has just said, I wish, however,
to suggest one modification of the views of
those gentlemen. The Senator from Ohio says
that we cannot submit to the idea that foreign
Governments should punish citizens of ours
for acts done here which were not punishable
by our laws. I agree to that; but I go a good
deal further. If those acts were punishable by
our laws, if they were the highest offenses
known to our laws, either State or national, it
confers no shadow of jurisdiction or authority
upon foreign tribunals to take jurisdiction of
them. I do not understand the Senator, as he
says, to have insisted that it did ; but his re-
mark was that they could not punish our citi-
zens for acts not punishable or criminal by our
laws.
So, to turn the illustration upon the Senator
from California, he says they punish men for
words spoken within pur jurisdiction; they
have just as much right to punish them for
that as for any overt act within our jurisdic-
tion, provided that by their laws those words
constituted the offense. The answer to the
whole thing is that it was a sheer invasion of
our rights, no matter for what they punished
them, whether for words or deeds. It is alleged
that they punished these men for acts which
were done, no matter of what kind, within the
State of New York; and without going at all
into the character of those acts, to their crim-
inality in any sense, it presents the question
broadly whether any foreign tribunal can take
hold of an American citizen and punish him
for acts done, not within their own realm, but
in ours. I am very glad to have the oppor-
tunity, for one, of concurring in the broadest
sense in what has been said by these two Seu-
ators upon that point.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what the
executive department of our Government have
done in relation to the conduct toward our
naturalized citizens of which the honorable
member from California spoke. They have
not, however, the war power, and in the ab-
sence of the war power perhaps all that they
could do, unless they could by negotiation
terminate such a state of things, would be to
lay the matter before Congress, and Congress
might decide for itself whether it was a cause
tff war if persisted in.
I suppose there is no difference of opinion
in the country, certainly not in this Chamber,
that this Government never can permit her
naturalized citizens to be punished by Eng-
land or Germany or any other nation for acts
which as citizens of the United States they had
a right to perform. There is a difficulty aris-
ing from a difference of doctrine between our-
selves and England and Germany. England
insists upon it, and her courts have recog-
nized the doctrine as a sound one from the
beginning up to the present time, that an
Englishman cannot absolve himself from the
allegiance of his birth. We, on the contrary,
under the authority of the Constitution, have
passed laws by which subjects of England, as
well as of other countries, may, by pursuing a
certain form, become citizens of the United
States. In my judgment, the moment they
are in that mode citizens of the United States
they are as entirely discharged of all obliga-
tion to England as they would be if they had „
been citizens of the United States by nativity.
Recently the Queen's Bench, by a decision
meeting with no dissent, as I understand, have
adjudged the rule to be different- there. It
arose in this way: by the English law a for-
eigner who is indicted for an offense and put
upon hia trial is entitled to have a portion of bis
jury selected from citizens of his own Govern-
ment. Some of those called "Fenians" who
were indicted either in England proper or in
Ireland, I forget which, claimed the benefit of
that right, and the courts denied it upon the
ground that they were not citizens of the Uni-
ted States under their law, but subjects of her
majesty, and they were tried and condemned,
and I believe in one or two instances have been
executed.
That difficulty can be avoided, and I suppose
will be avoided, by England doing what she has
a clear right to do—modifying her laws in that
particular so as not to give it as an absolute
right to a foreigner who may be put upon trial
in England to have the jury consist in part of
his own countrymen. That they have that right
is certain, for we do not give to any foreigner
who may be indicted here that privilege.
But the other question is a dangerous one,
and I think can be avoided only short of war
by negotiation, and I have every reason to
believe, and I do believe, looking at what
seems to me to be the clear interest of that
Government, that the two Governments can
I by negotiation agree, Parliament sanctioning
| the negotiation, that the doctrine of allegiance
! upon which England insists shall not be made
applicable as against citizens who have become
naturalized under the laws of a foreign Govern-
ment, that Government being invested with the
power to naturalize by its own Constitution.
If she does not, and our naturalized citizens are
received and treated as English subjects and
punished in that character, 1 for one would say
that, if persisted in against the remonstrances
of the United States it would form a just cause
for war. But that is a result which it is the
interest not only of the United States but of
England to avoid, and I think that interest
would become so apparent to the British Gov-
ernment, as it is of course to us, that they
would agree to abandon that doctrine.
A word more and I shall take my seat. The
honorable Senator from California, by the
hope which he expressed that this resolution
would not be suffered to sleep in the commit-
tee-room of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, perhaps would be considered by the
country as intimating that that would be its
fate if it was so referred. I beg leave to
assure him and the Senate that that question,
as I think—I speak my own sentiment, but I
am sure that they are the sentiments of all the
committee—will be considered as speedily as
it can be done in view of its gravity, and
that the committee will be the last of the
members of this body to submit willingly to
what I, and I believe they, think is a wrong
upon the naturalized citizens of our Govern-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged, to the Sena-
tor from Maryland for anticipating what I had
to say in reference to the committee which I
have the honor of representing on this floor.
I do not believe that there is anything in the
