1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLQBE.
ISSt
77 rr7?
40th Cong...,2d Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Brown.
Ho. of Rbps.
beginning to the end of it, shows that I made
a. speech at Hebbardsville in 1861, for I lived
more than three hundred miles from that place.
Colonel Philip Lee says:
"I live in Louisville, Kentucky; I have known
Mr. Brown since 1855; I was in the confederate army
from the summer of 1881 to 181)5. I heard Mr. Brown
make a speech at Shepherdsviile, Bullitt county, at
the end of March or beginning of April, 1801. He
was then our member of Congress, and we looked
forward to his speech with great interest and to the
positions which he would take. X remember that I
was very greatly disappointed, and I opposed him as
a candidate for Congress. lie took the ground that
Kentucky ought to maintain a neutral position. In
his speech he opposed the doctrine of secession.^ I
thought his speech calculated to discourage enlist-
ments in the eonfedcrate array, and I was engaged m
that business at the time. Therefore I and the other
southern men opposed Mr. Brown and determined to
bx-ing out a candidate of our own, thinking that Mr.
Brown was too much opposed to us. My recollection
is that he took ground against the war on cither side;
lj'e was opposed to coercion; said that it was a duty
which the young men of the State owed to the State
to remain in it; that Kentucky would act asa peace-
maker, and that it wad the duty of young men not to
go into the southern army."
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. TKIMBLE, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman will not interrupt my colleague.
Mr. COBURN. I merely desire to ask a
question.
Mr. BROWN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COBURN. Was not the letter dated
April 18, 1861, and printed in the Louisville
Courier May 15, 1861, again and again pub-
lished during the late canvass in which you
were a candidate for Congress in the newspa-
pers of your district and of Kentucky, and by
them charged against you as a treasonable
document? Was it not printed in handbill
form and by thousands circulated in every part
of the district, and was it not publicly read by
your competitors, B. C. Ritter and Samuel E.
Smith, in all parts of the district, and the charge
made by them in your presence that by this
you had aided, countenanced, and encouraged
rebellion, and that the utterance of this letter
would be a sufficient cause to keep you out of
Congress under the provisions of the statute
of 1802, known as the "test-oatlx" law?
Mr. BROWN. As I have said before, that
letter was printed in handbill form and circu-
lated throughout my district. It was printed
iu the newspapers of my district; it was read on
every occasion upon which my competitors and
myself publicly addressed the people ; but then
and always, as now, and upon every occasion,
I stated that at, the time I wrote that letter 1 was
a Union man; I stated that at the time I wrote
it I was in full sympathy and accord with the
Union party of Kentucky, struggling for peace,
and I claimed that the doctrines of Mr. Speed,
the ex-Attorney General, and Mr. Guthrie, Uni-
ted States Senator, and General Rousseau, who
has since sat on this floor, went as far as the
sentiments of my letter did.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if 1 be judged m the light
of surrounding circumstances ; if I be judged
by the contemporaneous political events of the
time at which this letter was written, and if the
sentiments of that letter be contrasted with
the utterances of those gentlemen to which I
referred, if they are to pass unchallenged, why
is it proposed to martyrize me? I stand where
they stood. Is it to be supposed that 1 would
write to a secession paper a letter of this char-
acter, and upon the very day that I wrote it
address five thousand people in mass conven-
tion, advocating the doctrine of neutrality, if
I had not meant that the letter, which was then
in the possession of the editor of the Courier,
should mean precisely the same thing? And
if that editor had not recognized as true that I
was identified with the Union party, that I was
sincerely and honestly in favor of the neutrality
of Kentucky, would he not have at once ex-
posed that letter to the people of the State?
I wish now to read an extract from a letter
written by an honorable gentleman who holds
a seat upon this floor, and I do it respectfully.
I refer to the letter of Hon. Mr. Stokes to Mr.
Duncan, written at McMinnville, Tennessee, on
the 10th of May, 1861. In that letter will be
found the following:
" I havo been a zealous advocate of the Union up
to the time of Lincoln's call for seven ty-five thousand
troops; that being in violation of law and for the sub-
jugation of the South. I commend Governor Harris
for his course a d for arming the State and resist-
ing Lincoln to the point of the bayonet, and have
enrolled my name as a volunteer to resist hid usurp-
ation. I have, in Congress and out, opposed coer-
cion and ail forced measures, believing that it was
better to recognize-the independence of the ' south-
ern confederacy' than to attempt to coerce them
back."
The honorable gentleman came here and
admitted that he was the author of that letter,
yet he was admitted upon the floor of this
House. He not only aided, counseled, and
encouraged rebellion, but he enrolled himself
as a volunteer in the rebel army. How much
better is his position than mine ? Is there not
a distinction between his case and mine?
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BROWN. I do.
Mr. STOKES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky if, after he wrote the
letter which he admits he wrote, he ever en-
tered the Union Army, ever went into the field
as a Union soldier, and, if so, how long was
he engaged in the United States military ser-
vice ?
Mr. BROWN. I am not conscious of ever
having violated any law, State or Federal ; I
never was in either army. But I am at a loss
to understand how the having gone into the
Union Army or having remained out of it
alters the fact which stands upon the record,
that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] was a volunteer in the confederate
ranks.
Mr. CAKE. Will the gentleman yield to
me l'or a moment?
Mr. BROWN. I trust the gentleman will
not interrupt me now.
Mr. CAKE. Merely for a question, which
will not take half a minute.
Mr. BROWN. I prefer to go on without
interruption.
In the Hall at the other end of the Capitol
there now sits, as a Senator from the State of
Tennessee, one who was a judge under the eon-
federate government, who tool; the oath to sup-
port the cause of the confederate government.
Yet he is admitted to a seat in the Senate of
the United States. I think that both Senator
Patteiisox and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stokes] upon this floor were rightfully
admitted to seats in Congress.
But this House has no pardoning power.
Under the oath which the law requires to be
administered this House has no power to grant
an amnesty unless by solemn vote, to be rati-
fied by the other branch of Congress. It was
not done in the cases I have mentioned, and
there stands the record.
Now, this being a case unprecedented in the
history of this Government, 1 put it to this
House. I put it to the American people, if 1
am to be denied my seat here merely for the
expression of an opinion, in the absence of any
proof of any act of mine, directly or indirectly,
aiding the government of the confederate
States? Can it be, will it be, the judgment of
this House that words constitute treason? I
think not. Do not all the circumstances sur-
rounding me show that I was cooperating with
distinguished Union leaders for the Union
cause, and maintaining the position to which
Kentucky had been pledged over and over
again ?
The sentiments of my letter have been spoken
of with some degree of severity. I dislike per-
sonalities, but when my motives are aspersed
or my character assailed, here or elsewhere, I
will defend my reputation, for my honor is
precious to me,; and, solar as the remarks made
during the progress of this debate may have
had a personal reference, I feel it due to my-
self and to my constituents to repel them with
indignation, as beingunmanly, ungenerous, and
false. What have my sympathies to do. with
my admission or my non-admission? Do a
man's sympathies constitute treason? Aretha '
windows of my bosom to be opened, with in* '
quisitorial hand and the seeret-rjeqessfsi of my
heart searched to see whether there ever
swelled there an emotion of sympathy for my
kindred and my friends of the South ? I boast
not the stern, inexorable patriotism of the elder
Brutus, who could, for a violation of law, sacri-
fice the child of his own loins. I have not the
sublime faith and devotion of Abraham, who- ■
could take an Isaac to the-altar and lift above
him the sacrificial knife. My heart and nature
are of softer stuff, and my sympathies ever go
forth and are with those whom I love.
This letter of mine was written one year
before the law prescribing the test-oath was
enacted. I submit whether, so far as my ease
is concerned, this act is not an ex post facto
statute, making criminal an act of mine which
was no crimc when committed?
I have always loved my country, In my
childhood I gloried in her liberties. La my
young manhood I was proud: of the heritage
that came to mc. The right of habeas corpus
and of trial by jury, the ireedom of elections,
the freedom of the press', the freedom of reli-
gious worship—all these I cherished as ines-
timable rights guarantied to the American
citizen. I felt that my home was my castle.
I have wept that terrible civil war, of the
causes and consequences of which I am guilt-
less, should come upon a country so fair and
prosperous as ours, and divided a people that
should have been forever one. I have wept
for the desolation which the war has brought
upon us—the ruined homes, the wrecked for-
tunes, the broken hearts, the anguish of the
widow and orphan, and all the destruction and
misery that have followed in the train of civil
strife. But, believing in the existence of
"A divinity that shapes onr ends,
Hough-hew them how we will,"
I have never ceased to hope that the future of
our country will yet be prosperous. In my
view it were infidelity to doubt the ultimate
unity, power, and glory of the American Re-
public. The pillars of her strength must rise
massive and high, and the mighty fabric of our
Government be the most imposing on earth.
The storms of ages, beating with fury against
the pyramids, have not weakened those stu-
pendous structures, but, drifting the sand to
their bases, have strengthened their founda-
tions.
My profound hope is that civil convulsions
may not wreck us; that the lesson of tribula-
tion and endangered liberty may make our
people everywhere wiser and better, strength-
ening the foundations of civil liberty ; that
the error of tho past will be shunned in the
future; that battle-scars maybe healed; that
as one united Government, one people with a
common destiny, we may reenter an unpausing
and unmatched career of prosperity and power.
Never have I been guilty of anything which
can be tortured into tho crime of treason, and
am I now to be pronounced by a solemn vote
of this House to be unfit to sit in these Iialis
because of the utterance of an opinion, in-
cautiously expressed it may have been, but
uttered under influences and with motives
which I have explained? Am I to be adjudged
a political leper, an outlaw? Am I to be os-
tracized—I who never stood in battle-line, and
against whom, after diligent and searching in-
vestigation, nothing is proved? Am I to he
declared under the ban of the Government,
branded as unworthy to hold any office of trust
or profit under the Government of the United
States? I stand here as no supplicant. I stand
here begging no favor. Panoplied with the
consciousness of right, I would be less than man
if 1 failed to assert that right. I ask nothing
