1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
3701
of class three, $3,200; for four clerks of class two,
$5,600; for twenty-five clerks of class one, $30,000.
One hundred and thirtieth to one hundred and
thirty-sixth amendments, inclusive:
Strikeout " three" and insert "four;" strike out
*'$5,000"and inset t "$7,000;" strike out "four" and
insert "two;" stnkoout "four" nnd inseit "five;"
strikeout "85.600" and insert "$7,000;" strike out
"three" and insert "five;" strike out "$3,600" and
insert "$6,t>00;" so that tue paragraph will read as
follows;
Office of Chief Engineer: •
For four clerks of class four. $7,200; for four clerks
of c'ass three, 66,-400; for five clerks of class two,
$7,000;" for five clerks of class one, $6,000.
One hundred and thirty-seventh to one hun-
dred and forty-third amendments, inclusive:
Strike out "one" and insert "four;" strike out
"$1,800" and insert "$7,200:" strike out "four" and
insert "eight;" strike oat "$5,600" and insert
"611,200;" strike out "seven" and insert " twenty;"
strike out " $8,400" and insert "424,000;" strikeout
"two laborers at $720 each, $1,440;" so that the par-
agraph will read as follows :
Office of Chief of Ordnance :
For four clerks of class four, 87,200; for one clerk
of class three, $1,600; lor eight clerks of class two,
$11,200; lor twenty cleiks of class one, $24,000; one
messenger, $1,000.
The foregoing amendments, from one hun-
dred and one to one hundred and forty-three,
inclusive, were non-concurred in, in accord-
ance with the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
One hundred and forty-fourth amendment:
Insert after the words "building occupied by Pay-
master Geneial" the words "corner of F and Fif-
teenth streots."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-fifth amendment:
Strike out "$12,000" and insert "§15,000;" so as to
rend:
Foi superintendent, watchmen, rent, fuel, lights,
and miscellaneous items, $15,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and forty-sixth amendment:
Insert Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, $3,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the committee will not concur in that amend-
ment. it is a departure from the rule which
the committee has acted on in every other
case, and I desire for a moment or two to call
attention to the facts. On the 2d of March,
1865, we passed an act authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, for service during the
rebellion and one year afterward, an officer in
the Navy Department to be called the Solicitor
and Naval Judge Advocate General, at an an-
nual salary of §8,500. This was passed before
the close of the rebellion, on the 2d of March,
1865, for the purpose of continuing the office
for one year. It expired one year after the
close of the rebellion. At the last Congress
we continued this office by malting an appro-
priation of $3,500 for the salary of the solicitor.
When the Committee on Appropriations came
to consider the matter this session they found
that there was no such office; that it had
expired by its own limitation, and they very
properly refused to make an appropriation.
The bill went to the Senate, and the Seriate
put in this amendment to pay a man whose
office has-expired for another fiscal year, the
year ending June 30, 1869. Now, sir, I hope
the committee will not depart from the rule
which it has adhered to in all these cases.
Where we found tbatclerkshad been appointed
to continue one year after the rebellion, we
refused to make appropriations for the reason
that there were no such officers to be paid ;
and I object to continuing an office for which
there is no law, and for which I contend there
is no necessity. I recollect very well when this
office was established, and I have the debate
here. It was put upon the ground that it was
only required during the rebellion, and nobody
asked for it for any longer period oi tim-e than
one year after the rebellion.
Now, sir, it is said that there is very great
necessity for this office. I never knew an
instance in which a man wanted an office, whsn
gentlemen could not devise reasons enough
why the office should be established and could
not show that there was very great necessity for
it. I believe the gentleman who holds this
position, Mr. Bolles, is an extreme Radical
and agrees with me in politics. lie is an able
lawyer and an honest man, and if we are to
have an officer of this kind, I should be very
glad to vote to have him receive the appoint-
ment. But believing such an office not to be
necessary, knowing that it was created for a
specific purpose, and that it was stated in the
debate that its continuance would not be asked
for more than a year after the rebellion, 1 do
hope the House will refuse to concur in the
amendment of the Senate, and that we will
not at this time commence inaugurating new
and useless offices.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I would ask my
colleague whether he thinks it possible to get
rid of an office after it has once been ingrafted
on the Treasury ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
depend on the committee. 1 hope we shall
refuse to concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate and exclude it from this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It be-
comes my duty once again to represent the
Committee on Appropriations in the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon this bill. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with singular una-
nimity, voted to concur in this amendment.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, both of this
House and of the Senate, have unanimously
concurred in a resolution to continue this office
because of its necessity, and it i.s only because
tliey have not had an opportunity to report,
that that resolution has not been before you.
I hold in my hand a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, who says:
"The law which created the office, authorized it
'during the rebellion and one year thereafter,'but
tVie services of a solicitor, or proper law officer tor
this Department, amlImayt,aylor tlieother Depart-
ments, also, are so-obvioas thai I trust it may not bo
dispensed with. Important questions, somo of tlieui
requiring laborious legal lines ligation, arc constantly
arising, and if there be not a solicitor to givo them
attention, special counsel must bo employed, whoso
fees in the aggregate would exceed the salary of the
solicitor."
I hold in my hand a letter from the Secre-
tary of War who says:
"I concur with the Secretary of the N"avyin the
opinion that the discontinuance oi the othee of Soli-
citor and Naval Judge Advocate General, would bo
prejudicial to the mtensts of the public and of the
naval seivice."
I hold in my hand a letter from General
Grant, addressed to my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Washisurxk of Illinois,] in which
he says:
"General Bolles is brother-in-law of General Dix,
our able minister to France. Hois a gentleman whom
I can vouch tor.
"As to the matter of business he wishes to speak
about I can say, that in my opinion, the office which
ho holds in the ISavy is ol the same importance as
the office of Judge Advocate General in the Army."
Now, sir, we have this state of facts: every
gentleman knowing this office concurs in the
necessity for the office ; every gentleman con-
curs in the ability, propriety of conduct, and
legal attainments of the one who holds the
office. lam only sorry that my colleague on
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Wash-
buune, of Illinois,] has seen proper to intro-
duce this officer to the House as a good Rad-
ical, because I am afraid that was a bid on his
part to catch some Democratic votes against
him. He is a brother-in-law of General Dix.
And while I have no doubt he is 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was not
that a bid to catch votes for him ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is a
little antidote to a great deal of poison at-
| tempted to be put in this case. There are
! over a thousand cases of court-martial in the
Navy; and this gentleman is the only man in
the Navy Department with legal attainments
to supply the same want that creates a neces-
sity for the Judge Advocate General of the
Army.
Mr. ROSS. Is this for past services, or for
services hereafter to be performed?
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For ser-
vices to be performed from the 1st day of
July (yesterday) until the 30th of June. 1869.
The proposition is simply to give him S3,GOO
a year to carry on this office during the coming
fiscal year. My friend from Illinois [Mr.
Faknsworth] asks if we can ever get rid of
any of these officers. The Committee on Ap-
propriations lrave cut off some hundred of them
in this very bill, and they are still at the work.
We propose where we find a good and neces-
sary officer to keep him, and where we find
on«_that is not necessary to get rid of him. >
Mr. FARNSWOUTH. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] with the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
admit that this office is no longer legally in
existence ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word. I yield assent to a great deal the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
has said in regard to this solicitor of the Navy;
but I cannot assent to the suggestion that he
has snid anything which should induce this
Committee of the Whole to keep this item of
appropriation in here. I object to this way of
perpetuating officers without law. If the gen-
tleman is in favor of this principle, why did
he strike out these thousands of clerks with
their little salaries of twelve, fifteen, or eighteen
hundred dollars a year?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They were
not wanted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Neither
is this man wanted. We never had such an
officer in the Navy Department before 1805,
and I undertake to say that this office was cre-
ated at that time merely to give this man a
place. We had a solicitor in the War Depart-
ment, and we discarded him as being utterly
unnecessary, and there is no solicitor whatever
in the War Department to day. Now, 1 object
to this thing, after the proposition is got through
the House, upon the ground that this was got
through the House in 1865 ; I object to coming
in at this time and contiauing this officer a year
longer in this way. 1 f we are to have a soli-
citor of the Navy Department, then let the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, who my colleague on
theCommitteeof Appropriations [Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts] says recommends this mat-
ter, bring in a bill to create the office and to
define the duties of the office and fix the salary;
and not let them call upon us every time Con-
gress meets here to make an appropriation for
the compensation of this man. Mr. Rice, of
Massachusetts, who was then chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs of this House, and
who engineered tho proposition through the
House at that time, made some remarks which
I ask my colleague on the Committee of Appro-
priations [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts] to
listen to as I read them. Mr. Rice then said:
" It will require a year to finish the business which
will have accrued in tne Department. Wo desiro
that he shall continue no longer than hissorvicea are
necessary."
In the same debate the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Si'almt.g] said:
" When this subject first came before the Commit-
teo on Naval Affairs I was opposed to it %n loto. On
consultation with the Secretaiy of the Navv I found
that he were compelled to pay out four times tho
amount to attorneys; and I was willing to agree to
it if the office was mode temporary. It is only to
continue during tho rebellion and one year after-
ward, and to pay the officer $3,500, instead of attor-
neys four timos that amount."
Mr. SPALDING. I ascertain now that it
will cost four times as much as the salary oi
this officer to employ attorneys.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I do not know what, authority my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has for mak-
ing that statement. I do not know what duty
this solicitor of the Navy Department has to
discharge. I do not know that he has any
