1U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
[February 19,'
Ho. of Reps.
Charges against the JSergeant-at-Arms.
40th Cong....2d Bess.
but justice. I trust that my case will not be
decided as if I were a candidate in a political
caucus; but that every man who records his
vote upon this question will do it according to
the purest dictates of his conscience, that he
he may be enabled to feel in after time that he
has pursued the course which he sincerely be-
lieved to be right. I want it understood that I
was opposed toto ccelo to the policy of the late
Administration, and that l am as unalterably
opposed to the policy of this Congress.' But
it is not proper to discuss these now.
It has been charged as a singular fact that
after the indorsement'of the Union press of
my district in May, 1861, I did not continue a
candidate.- Circumstances, which it is need-
less here to explain, caused my removal to a
remSte part of the State—to the district from
which I have now the honor to be elected.
■Mr. COOK. I ask tho gentleman to yield
to me for a moment for an explanation.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly, sir.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the claimant
has expired.
Mi-. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will be permitted to conclude his
speech.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I was in error
in the statement I made in my remarks in lo-
cating the speech of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky at llebbardsville. 1 referred to the tes-
timony of Colonel Lee; and meant to have
alluded to the speecli atShepherdsville, Bullitt
county, Kentucky, instead of at llebbardsville.
He testified that he heard Mr. Brown make a
speech at Shepherdsville at the end of March or
the beginning of April, 18G1, very nearly the
time he published that letter. In his testi-
mony he says during the time that speech was
bein^ made he was recruiting in the audience
for the confederate army.
Mr. BROWN. To show the gentleman's
conclusions are unwarranted I invite his atten-
tion to that paragraph. 1 read from the Globe.
The gentleman from Illinois said:
"I beg leave now to call tho especial attention of
the llouse to the fact that at tho time that the senti-
ments contained in this letter woro publicly,avowed
by Mr. Brown in a speech at llobbardsville, in the
beginning of April, 1801, a rebel agent was recruiting
among the audience for the confederate army."
Who was that rebel agent? Colonel Lee.
What does Colonel Lee say 1
"I live in,Louisville, Kentucky; I have known
Mr. Brown since 1855; 1 was in the confederate army
from the summer of 1861 to 1805. I heard Mr. Brown
make a speech at Shephordsvillo, Bullitt county, at
the end of March or beginning of April, 1861. lie
was then our member of Congress, and wo looked
foriyard to his speech with great interest, and to the
positions which he would take. I remember that I
was very greatly disappointed, and I opposed him as
a candidate for Congress. lie took the ground that
Kentucky ought to maintain a noutral position. In
his speech he opposed tho doctrine of secession. I
thought his speech calculated to discourage enlist-
ments in the confederate army, and I was engaged
in that business at the time. Therefore I and the
other southorn men opposed Mr. Brown, and deter-
mined to bring out a candidate of our own, thinking
that Mr. Brown was too much opposed to us. My
recollection is that he took ground against the war
on either side; ho wasopposed to coercion; said that
it was a duty which tho young men of the State owed
to the State to remain in it."
The gentleman would have the House to in-
fer I was proclaiming these sentiments and giv-
ing aid and encouragement to the confederates
when the witness he refers to says I discouraged
enlistments in the confederate army and spoke
ill behalf of the neutrality of my State, and he
was enlisting secretly, a matter of which I
knew nothing.
r Mr. Speaker, Hon. Mr. Davis, Senator from
Kentucky, occupied the same position of neu-
trality 1 did. He took his seat in the other
end of the Capitol unchallenged. Secretary
G uthrin occupied t he same position I did, utter-
ing the sentiment that he would make every
tree in Kentucky a fortification behind which
to fight the invading army from the North. He
unchallengsd took his seat as a Senator from
Kentucky. General Rousseau was one of the
committee to report these resolutions, and was
a member with me of that great meeting at
Louisville to which I referred. He came here
and took his seat unchallenged in this House.
Why is it mine shall be made the exceptional
case when I have done nothing, as the proof
shows, save speaking words intended at the
time to mean neutrality.
_ If the language will not bear that construc-
tion, at least it was so meant and so intended.
Upon my rights I stand, and if it be the judg-
ment of the House I am not entitled to a seat
here I can go back to my constituents with the
proud and consoling reflection and conscious-
ness that I have discharged my duty in claim-
ing it and in this vindication of myself. And if
this brand be put upon me that I am unworthy
to hold a seat here then I could not be a post-
master at any of the cross roads in the United
States.
If that is to be the judgment of this House,
I am ready for the sacrifice. Do it, and you
commit a foul wrong upon me; an outrage
upon my rights and those of my constituents.
Do it, and in my humble person American
liberty receives, in the house of its professed
friends, a dangerous blow. Establish the pre-
cedent that mere words, spoken a year before
tiie law under which you are trying me was
passed, are sufficient to justify you in refus-
ing me my scat as a member of this body,
to which I was duly elected, and it may in
time return "to plague the inventors." But
I will say no more. I thank the House for
its courtesy.
REPORT
OP
THE COMMITTEE ON ACCOUNTS,
ON
Certain Charges preferred against Ni G. Ord-
way, Scrgeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives.
Is the House of Representatives,
February 19, 18GS.
The Committee on Accounts, to whom were
referred certain charges preferred by J. W.
Wilkinson against N. G. Ord way, Sergeant-
at-Arms of tho House of Representatives, im-
puting to him fraud and malfeasance in office,
make report:
That your committee have investigated the
said charges, and in the progress thereof have
heard the said Wilkinson and other witnesses
produced by him, andhave examined all papers
and accounts referred to by him in support of
his said charges, and have also heard the said
Ordway and witnesses produced by him in his
defense.
Itappears bythetestimony, which is reported
herewith, that Mr. Wilkinson was employed
by Mr. Ordway as a clerk in his office about
May 2, 1806. In a short time, probably a
month, a difficulty grew up between the clerk
and his employer about the amount of com-
pensation to which ho was entitled. Mr. Ord-
way, it seems, had procured Mr. Wilkinson to
be placed on the pay-roll of the Doorkeeper at
$100 per month, and detailed to assist him.
Mr. Wilkinson contended that, according to
the agreement between them as first made, he
should have appeared upon the records of the
House as temporary clerk to the Sergeant-at-
Arms, under a resolution «of the House allow-
ing him such clerk. In that position he would
have received $125 per month. This difficulty
has never been settled, though Mr. Wilkinson
retained his situation for about ten months and
drew his pay at $100 per month, with the addi-
tion of twenty per cent, for either three or four
months, whether one or the other does not
very clearly appear.
The dispute about compensation is of no
importance to the investigation except so far
as it may show a motive for the prosecution,
and hence affect the credibility of the prosecu-
tion. About the time the controversy began
Mr. Wilkinson conceived the idea of watching
his employer with the design of discovering
and exposing irregularities in the administra-
tion of his office; and in June, 1866, he began
to make memoranda and to copy papers with
a view, as he alleges, to this investigation.
The result of this system of espionage, con-
tinued secretly for about nine months, is the
series of charges against Mr. Ordway referred
to the committee.
It is due to Mr. Wilkinson to say that he
swears he was actuated by no selfish motive,
no malice, no desire of gain, but purely by an
abstract love of justice. The committee do
not gainsay this. Every man best understands
his own motives. But the quarrel about pay
and the formation of the design to prosecute
happened singularly near together in point of
time, if they are to be considered mere acci-
dental coincidents.
The charges made by Mr. Wilkinson are aa
follows, stated in his own language;
"1. That Mr. Ordway has, to my certain knowl-
edge, made out bills (and lcceived tho amount of
such bills) in the liamo of S. S. Bean, (his brother-
in-law.) for services as clerk in his oEce, when said
Bean was, during the time charged for, cultivating
his farm in New llamshire,
"2. That in making out bills against committees
for serving of snbposnas and travel after witnesses
ho has, by changing the dates, charged, in some cases,
two, three, and four times tile amount he was enti-
tled to, and has implicated the chairmen of the com-
mittees in these overcharges, to this extent that ho
did it under instructions from them, which I do not
believe was the case.
"3. That he has made bills of travel of himself for
journeys ho.did not perform.
"4. That ho has, after getting bills 'approved' by
chairmen of committees, increased the footing of
such bills.
"5. That it was by his means that the resolution
which passed the House July 3.1S66—which was de-
signed, as the resolution itself shows, to guard the
interest of the Government against false accounts
bemg paid—was virtually repealed.
"6. That he has, as I verily believe, sacrilegiously
availed himself of tho occasion of the death of hon-
norablo mambors of tho House to food his appetite
for gam."
Tho first, fourth, and fifth of these charges
the committee find wholly unaustained by the
evidence. D. S. Bean, not S. S. Bean, as
stated in the charge, was employed during a
part ofthe first session ofthe Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress as temporary clerk in the office of the
Sergeant-at-Arms. The time he served in that
capacity does not clearly appear by the testi-
mony of the witnesses. Mr. Rollins says he
thinks about two months. Mr. Wilkinson, on
the other hand, says not as long as a month.
The records of the Clerk show that he received
two months' pay, and Mr. Rollins says he car-
ried_ the money to him in New Hampshire, he
having returned to his home on account of sick-
ness before payment. Mr. Ordway received no
part of it, and if this was important to the in-
vestigation it is not to be presumed without
proof that the Clerk of the House paid Mr.
Bean more than he was entitled to.
The fourth charge is frivolous, unless the
element of fraud is intended to be implied in
the language; and of this there is no reliable
evidence whatever.
Mr. Wilkinson testifies to what he calls the
fraudulent alteration of one of the bills of ex-
penses incurred by the Committee on Public
Expenditures while sitting in New York: but
he is expressly and pointedly contradicted by
Mr. Hchhaed, the chairman of the committee,
and by Mr. Rollins, one of its member?,
lhe fifth charge is directly disproved by Mr.
I0/1'' y>e ehiet clerk, and is known to be
without foundation by the members of litis com-
mittee who were members of the Committee on
Accounts of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. The
resolution of July 3, 18'iO. emanated from the
Committee on Accounts. It was mainly in-
tended to applyto purchases and iiilk for labor
and repairs in the Oierk'g department. It was
soon lound to embrace objects not conteta*
