2678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
settle the account of Henry Drenning, late of
company K, fifty-fifth Pennsylvania volunteers.
. ihe substitute was read. It states that Ser-
geant Henry Drenning, late of company K, fifty-
i-ii re§lmen' Pennsylvania volunteers, was
killed at or near Cold Harbor, in Virginia, on
the 3d_ of June, 1864, leaving no widow or
heirs, lineal or collateral; and further, that he
was the adopted and foster son from childhood
of Mrs. Mary A. Filler, and directB that Mrs.
Mary A. Filler shall be entitled to receive the
back pay Sergeant Henry Drenning, at the time
ot his death, would have been entitled to by
law, and that she shall have the same rights and
benefits in all other respects as if she were the
natural and lawful mother of said Henry Dren-
ning.
_ Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, this bill is pre-
cisely like the one which the House has just
acted upon favorably. In this instance the per-
son for whose relief this bill is drawn adopted
Henry' Drenning when a child one or two years
oM and brought him up, educated him, and
maintained him until he enlisted in the United
States service in the late war, in which he was
killed, leaving no widow or lineal or collateral
heirs. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and road a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. B0Y13R moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the following, and
they were laid on the table:
A Ml (II. R. No. 84) for the relief of W.
H. Weaver, late captain company D? twelfth
regiment Pennsylvania reserve corps ; and
Ihe petitionot N. B. Mason, for money taken
while he was a prisoner of war in 1865.
martxia e. king.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
reported back House joint resolution No. 250,
tor the relief o( Martha E. King, with a sub-
stitute.
The substitute directs the Paymaster General
to pay to Martha K King, widow of Clinton
Kang, late of Carroll county, Tennessee, a sum
equal to the pay of a first lieutenant of cavalry
from September 15, 1803, to March 10, 1804;
and it also directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place her name upon the pension-roll at the
rate provided for the widows of first lieutenants
of cavalry who die in the military service from
wounds received or disease contracted in the
line of duty.
,^r- Speaker, Clinton King,
the husband of Martha King, for whose relief
the bill provides, raised forty-five men in
August. 1SG3, for the military service of the
united States, who were uniformed, armed,
and equipped, and mustered into actual service,
and attached as a company to a Tennessee
legiment of cavalry, which company was com-
manded by King as captain until, while upon
duty m actual service, he contracted a disease
ot which he died on the 10th of March, 18G4,
leaving his widow, Martha E. King, and sev-
eral children surviving him. Heneverreceived
any pay, nor have his family received any since
ms decease. 1 he number of men he raised and
commanded were not enough to entitle him to
a captain s commission, but were enough to
entitle hun to be mustered into service as a first
May 29,
-    ueaui-si
lieutenant. 1 he confusion attendant upon the
distracted condition of things in Tennessee in
prevented, in his ease, as in many others a
oom mission from being issued. Afterward com-
missions were issued to the surviving officers
in like position by the Governor of Tennessee
as oi the date when tho service began. King
being then dead no commission was issued in
his case, nor any relief up to this time afforded
to bis family.
The substitute was adopted.
Thejointresolution, as amended,was ordered
to be- engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BOYER. moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mils. ELLA K. UOBAIIT.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 280) for
the relief of Mrs. Ella E. Hobart; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that Mrs. Ella
E. Hobart shall have the full pay and emolu-
ments ot a chaplain for the time during which
she_ performed duty as chaplain of the first
regiment of Wisconsin heavy artillery.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. RAUM, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported adversely on the following
cases; which were laid on the table :
The petition of Samuel Noah, asking pay for
services rendered in the war of 1812;
The petition of William Whitely, formerly
orderly sergeant company G, seventh regiment
Connecticut volunteers;
The petition of Leusianah Sizemorn, for
relief; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 102) for the
relief of John T. Cox, late regimental quarter-
master of first regiment Indiana home guards.
CIIAKGK OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. RAUM, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the joint resolution for the
relief of Ritchison Hartgr-ove, a soldier in the
late war ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ommitflse j
i. R.
james a. mulligan.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Commit
on Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. Jvu*
1129) for the relief of the widow and children
of the late Colonel James A. Mulligan, de-
ceased ; which was read a first and second time.
The preamble recites that on the 15th of
June, 1801, Colonel Mulligan was mustered
into service of the United States as colonel of
the twenty-third Illinois infantry, knowp as the
Irish brigade ; that he marched to the front in
July, andfrom that time, except.ingtwo months,
when he was a prisoner of war, he was actively
engaged in the service, until he fell on the
battle-field at Winchester, on the 26th of July,
1864; that during two years of that militarv
service he was assigned to the command of
brigades anddivisions, and performed the duties
of brigadier and major general, but received
only the pay of colonel, and that the widow
and children of Colonel Mulligan are justly
entitled to, and need for their support, the
amount of pay which he would have received
had he been commissioned according to his
respective commands in the field. It there-
fore directs the Secretary of tho Treasury to
pay to the widow tho sum of $5,000, to be
paid out of the money appropriated for the
pay of the Army.
.^r". ^ASHBTJRNB, of Illinois. I believe
this biH makes an appropriation.
vnkeT&^EAK3iB-. 's D0'; afl sppropriation
. , j ..IS to, P'"0' ovrt any money appro-
priated tor the pay of the Army, which must
be contained in the Army appropiation bill. It
does not itself take money out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. SITGREAVES. Mr. Speaker, I have
a brief complilation of the services of Colonel
Mulligan at the commencement of the rebel-
lion, upon which I mainly base the merits of
this bill, and to which I call the attention of
the House.
At the commencement of therebellion James
A. Mulligan, then captain of the Shields
Guards of Chicago, raised a regiment of Irish-
men for the war, but in consequence of the'
large number of volunteers in Illinois who
had rallied in defense of the old flag, the regi-
ment was not accepted by the State. Urged
by an irresistible impulse to serve his country
in the field, James A. Mulligan hastened to
Washington bearing a letter from the dying
Douglas to President Lincoln, urging the
President to accept the Irish regiment. The
application was successful. He returned to
Chicago and was made colonel of the regi-
ment. He marched with his regiment from
Chicago in June, 1861, and was actively en-
gaged until ordered to reenforce and defend
Lexington, in Missouri. He entered Lexing-
ton on the 9th of September and took com-
mand of that post. The troops under his com-
mand, besides his regiment of eight hundred
men, consisted of the thirteenth and fourteenth
Missouri, eight hundred and forty ; first Illinois,
five hundred; home guards, five hundred;
total two thousand six hundred and forty, with
one four, three, six, and one twelve pounder.
By order of General Mulligan the troops
immediately commenced the construction of
an earthwork ten feet in height, eight feet in
width, inclosing an area sufficient to contain a
force of ten thousand men, with their horses,
teams, and munitions of war. The troops,
inspired by the spirit of their commander,
worked without ceasing until the 12th, when
the post was attacked by the enemy, and from
that time until the 21st there was one contin-
uous battle day and night. The summons of
General Price on the 17th at the head of ten
thousand men to surreuder, was answered by the
heroic Mulligan in these memorable words, "If
you want us, you must come and take us and
on the 21st, and notuntil the water wasgone, the
ammunition was gone, and the intrenchmenfs
strew}<d wit'h the dead and dying, did thegarrison
surrender to an overwhelming force of men and
S«ns. _ Yet even in that surrender we see the
^Indomitable spirit of the gallant Mulligan, to
the salutation of the rebel chief, '• Colonel, you
have surrendered!" He replied, "It is no
surrender on mypart; I will take fifty of my
men and fight a hundred of yours in an open
field to decide this matter. I only cease firing
because I have fired my last cartridge.''
Mf- Speaker, in that eventful fight Colonel
Mulligan exhibited a bravery, a recklessness of
danger, which has been equaled, but certainly
not excelled by any officer, of any grade, in
any battle of the rebellion. While his post
was plowed with shot from a battery in front,
a battery on the right, a battery on the iei't
and a battery in the rear; a writer says:
''He disdained to walk in the trendies, but trod
the high ground where bullets flew like hail-stone?
qWi i° en^catios of the soldiers who sent up'
shouts oi acclamation at his nobie daring.'*
I do not advocate this bill because Mulligan
was brave m battle—for bravery isthe common
inheritance of the American people, bravery
is the rule among us, cowardice is the excep-
tion—but I advocate the passage of this bill
because the services of Colonel Mulligan in
raising that regiment and lighting that battle
weie peculiar to himseli alone. He esilisted a
regiment of men who were not legally bound
to defend the honor ot our Bug; he was the
means of inspiring them with an ardor, an
enthusiasm in the march and camp and battle
which was responded to by alien residents
throughout the whole land. There was a moral
power and effective force in that regiment of
brave men when they marched from Chicago
