1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
added to the comforts of men. I liad sup-
posed, too, that it was the interest of each na-
tion by honest industry to accumulate as much
of this gold and silver as it possibly could. If
money is abundant interest is low. Wherever
the rates of interest are cheap, the people
prosper. Wherever the rates are high every
ten or fifteen years debtors go to protest, and.
capitalists say the country has overtraded itself.
They mistake. The people have paid too
much interest. That is all.
But before I pass away from the subject of
currency, I call the attention of the Senate
to a statement which I have prepared myself
showing the amount of circulation per capita,
and for each $1,000 of wealth in the country
at different periods since 1803. If there be
error in this statement, it is because it is not
sufficiently liberal to the view I am attempting
to enforce. Iu ascertaining the population and
wealth of the two sections and of the whole
country since 1860, I have taken the ratio of
increase as developed in our past history. That
portion of the seceding States not using our cur-
rency during the existence of flagrant war has
been excluded from the estimates until the sup-
pression of the rebellion in I860, after which
period it has been admitted into the calcula-
tion. The following table contains the esti-
mates, namely:
Per capita amount of legal-tender circulation at dif-
jerent period#.
June 30, 1803 $15 85
Juno 30, 1801  23 71
June 30, ISlio  ]8 23
Juno 30, 1860  14 92
June 30, 1807  12 77
December 1, 1807  10 96
1'ebruary 1,1868  10 28
The following is the amount of the entire
paper circulation of the United States used as
a medium of exchange at different periods,
including the legal-tender notes:
a
a.
H
<£" o ©
b S'S-'® E
1 ! §•'= 
B
Sis 3 S
H3
1 2 o 8°
D o -3
'i   S-r
5 s o H,
3
(-*- 0
3 §
*2}
"O o
. $3
Suppose, now, we inflate the currency to the
amount per capita as it stood at the several
periods named, excluding everything that was
not an admitted elementof circulation. What
amount shall we have ?
On the basis of—
Amount of
legal tenders
alone.
Total
am'nt of legal
tenders, bank
notes, and
other notes.
June 30,1863 
June 30,1804 '
§633,000,000
921,000,000
710.000,000
582.000,000
498,000,000
427,000,000
$1,232,000,000
1,251,000,000
1,210,000.000
918,000,000
850,000.000
794,000,000
Juno 30,18G5 
June 3.0,1807 
December 1, 1867 
If it be said that some of these forma of
Government credit did not constitute a circu-
lating medium or answer the purposfes of money,
1 answer that in the table, excluding the certifi-
cates and temporary loans, nothing is included
except admitted circulation. The coupon and
compound-interest notes were intended to be
a circulating medium. It was hoped that their
interest would soon weigh them down as an
investment and take away their currency char-
acter, but we all know they were not removed
until the ends of their existence had been fully
accomplished. The purpose was to sell Gov-
ernment bonds at par, the discount of the bond
to be covered up iu the depreciation of the
note.
Mr. Fessenden, then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his report of 1804, tells us that he could
not negotiate a loan in New York to meet
pressing demands of the Government. He
informs us that suspended requisitions so ac-
cumulated on his hands that he "was com-
pelled," (I quote his own words)—
"To replace the whole amount of five per cent,
notes which had been canceled, amounting to more
than eighty million dollars, and oven slightly to ex-
ceed that sum."
And again he says:
" More fully to accomplish his purpose, tho Secre-
tary resolved to avail himself of a wish expressed by
many qllicers and soldiers through the paymasters,
and oflcred to such as desired to receive them seven-
thirty notes of small denominations."
The Secretary then proceeds to say that he
disposed of exceeding twenty million dollars
of these small seven-thirty notes to the soldiers
alone. After the currency had thus become
inflated Mr. Fessenden tells us that he put
upon the market a loan of $32,000,000, upon
which bids to nearly seventy millions were re-
ceived, and the proposed loan was negotiated
at a_premium of over four per cent.
What objection to negotiating new loans
now in the same manner, to take up this six
percent, debtthat daily gnaws at the very vitals
of industry ? To negotiate a loan then it was
legitimate to issue nearly ninety millions of
new legal tenders, carrying no weight of accu-
mulated interest, and many more millions of
small seven-thirty notes payable to bearer.
Do Senators ask me if I would increase the
currency to the amount in circulation during
the war ? My answer will depend on the policy
adopted by Congress in reference to this debt.
I will not shrink from paying it. No, not one
farthing shall be abated with my consent. I
will not only give the pound of flesh if de-
manded, but I will consent that some drops
of "Christian blood" may be spilled. If the
bonds were purchased at from fifty to seventy
cents to the dollar, it is quite easy to so regulate
the interest as to do justice to debtor and
creditor. I will even waive the terms of the
contract and admitpaymentin gold to beoblig-
atory, provided the creditors will reduce the
interest so as to compensate for appreciating
their bonds even from 71, the present value, to
the par of gold.
Through tho kindness of Mr. Elliott, of the
Treasury Department, I am enabled to append
carefully prepared tables, furnished at my re-
quest, showing the value of securities at from
one to six per cent., and for different periods
from five to fifty years, the inlerest to be paid
semi-annually. From these it will be seen
that if a six per cent, ten-year bond, interest
paid semi-annually, is worth only 71, the rate
per cent, on a par bond, assuming money to
be worth six per cent., should be a little over
two per cent.
If six per cent, ten-year bonds, interest paid
semi-annually, are depreciated to 73.90, the
par bond at two and a half per cent, is equal
to it-in value, the current rate of interest being
six per cent. The depreciated bond worth
77.68 raised to a par value can afford to take
three per cent. The six per cent, bond, worth
81.40, when carried to par, can take three and
a half per cent. And now, if the public secur-
ities were worth to-day 85.12, in gold, the
holders must reduce their interest to four per
cent., if the debt is agreed to be paid in gold.
The proposition to fund at five per cent.,
assumes that the debt is worth 02.56. It is
not worth so much, and the creditors paid no
such sum for it.
But I am told we cannot adopt compulsory
measures, but must leave the creditors to change
their securities or not, as they like. The Sen-
ator from Ohio admits that the issue of more
currency will enable us to contract loans at
lower rates. If the creditors refuse to fund on
fair terms I would not fund at all, but adopt
such policy as will enable us to take up" the
securities as they mature. If the circulation
be reasonably expanded, the people can pay
larger taxes with greater ease than tliey pay
the present burdens. And if the creditors re-
fuse to make better terms, let us proceed by
taxation and new loans at three and a half to
four per cent, to take up these six per cent,
bonds as they mature, which otherwise will
hang for centuries upou the energies of the
people.
The stereotyped reply to this course of policy
is that depreciated paper is the greatest of all
curses. Now, a word on this subject. I deny
it. ^ A depreciated paper is bad enough. But
a six per cent, debt equal in bulk to one eighth
part of a nation's wealth is worse, England
has two noted institutions, a public debt and a,
poor-house system. We now have the former.
Let us beware that we are not cursed with the
latter. I have now shown that an enlarged
circulation has no element of injustice in it to
anybody. The next question is, will it become
depreciated and injure the public? Can it be
demonstrated by argument that a circulation
of even $1,000,000,000 in this country will be-
come depreciated? That is within a few dol-
lars of the net amount of circulating notes
outstanding on the 24th day of March, 18G6,
when gold fell to 125. I ask my friend from
Vermont to take that matter under consider-
ation._ It is a fact, and I desire to hear him
explain it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the
Senator desire an explanation now?
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to hear
it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was from
a thorough conviction on the part of the whole
country and of the members of Congress in each
branch, that when the war was over a resump-
tion of specie payments would take place ; and
no matter what the premium upon gold was if
resumption were to take place, it was sure to
come down to par, and therefore the people
were quite ready and willing under such cir-
cumstances to take a lower rate for gold than
they had been only a short time previously.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then, Mr. President,
this is a mere question of confidence. I should
like to ask n;y friend why the people of this
country would not have as much confidence in
a legal-tender note as they would have in your
public debt, which bears six per cent, interest
and weighs down their energies? If confidence
is all why should they not confide in a note as
well as a bond?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because the
Government does propose to pay the bond, and
does not propose to pay the legal-tender note.
Mr. HENDERSON. If it pays one it will
pay the other. I have been endeavoring to
show that at the present rate of intere&t the
Government of the United States will not in
the next century be able to pay its debt. I
will not trouble the Senate with running over
the history of other nations on this subject; but
I think it a clear proposition, (and we might
as well meet it boldly and understand our
position,) that, with this large debt, with this
rate of interest, no probability of payment is
apparent. It is a two-edged sword which not
only compels you to pay heavy burdens in the
shape ot interest, but it cramps industry, be-
cause it tends to raise the price of interest
between individuals.
The United States of to-day is different from
the poor, struggling colonies of 1775, when the
issues of continental money commenced. Long
previous to the Declaration of Independence
