THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
duty that cannot be discharged as it was dis-
charged prior to March 2, 1865, by an intel-
ligent and competent clerk of the Navy
Department. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. TWICHELL. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have struck out every
amendment they could possibly strike out in
this bill. This amendment they could not agree
to strike out; and I am very glad that they did
not. The Senate has adopted this amendment,
the Committee on Appropriations have recom-
mended concurrence, and I trust that the House
will concur. The Senatehas inserted an appro-
priation of $3,COO for the salary of this officer;
and by the adoption of this amendment we
shall undoubtedly save to the Government ten
times the amount; 1 know the important duties
■which this officer performs. The Secretary of
the Navy, as well as the Secretary of War, and
the General of the Army, testify to the value and
importance of his services; and if the gentle-
man from Illinois has no confidence in any of
these officers it is time that he had confidence
in somebody.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say that I have a great deal of confidence
in all these men; but neither the opinions of
the General of the Army nor the opinions of
any other man can influence me to vote against
my judgment in this House.
Air. TWICHELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move to amendby
striking oat the last word. Mr. Chairman, 1
am opposed to this amendment of the Sen-
ale ; and I would oppose it, if for no other
reason, because it is an attempt to revive by
legislation in an appropriation bill an office
■\\hieh is no longer in existence. If the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of this House had
re pi rted tins bill with such a provision in it, it
would have been, on a point of order, struck
out. as independent legislation providing for an
ollii'u not in existence.
Mr. TWICHELL. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that the Secretary of the Navy, in
making his estimates, has estimated for the
salary of this very officer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Secretary of the
Navy does not create offices by the estimates
which he makes. 'J he Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary of the Treasury estimate for
all conceivable allowances and officers that
they have ever had.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will permit me to say that the rules pro-
vide that any thing is in order which is necessary
to carry on any Departmentof the Government.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Mr. Chairman, there
is no kind of doubt that any provision contem-
plating the creation of a new office would be
ruled out of order as independent legislation.
Therefore the House could not have put it in.
The Senate, having different rules, has legis-
lated a new office into this bill, an office which
has expired by limitation of time. We are
constantly being asked by the Senate to con-
cur in this kind of independent legislation.
As my colleague [Mr. Washbcexe, of Illi-
nois] has well said, if this officer is necessary
why not let the Committee on Naval Affairs
report a bill providing for the continuance of
the office?
Jlr. TWICHELL. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that this subject has been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and they
unanimously recommend making this office
permanent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, then, do they
not report a bill to that effect? No such office
as this is now in existence. We propose now
to provide for the pay of this officer, thereby
reviving the office and continuing it for another
Year.
Mr. TWICHELL. Let me ask the gentle-
man one question: is there any law providing
for the continuance of the Naval School at
Annapolis? Do we not continue it by merely
making the regular appropriations from year
to year?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly; there is
a law continuing that school. There is a law
establishing a naval school, but the law limits
this to one year after the rebellion. I ask the
gentleman whether the rebellion has not ex-
pired ?
Mr. TWICHELL. Not yet, so far as the
importance of retaining this officer is con-
cerned.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that is so, if
gentlemen are really of the opinion that the
rebellion is not yet over, I cannothope to con-
vince them. For myself I will not vote to
concur in the amendment of the Senate cre-
ating this office. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 80, noes 4'J ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Washburxe of Illinois, and Mr.
Twichell.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes ^0, noes 52; no quorum
voting.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names;
Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archor, Jain as M. Ashley,
Baldwin.Barnes, Barnum, Boaman, Bingham, Bo.ver,
Bro m well, Brooks, Broomn U, Buck land. Burr, Roder-
i<:k it. Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Reader W.Clarke,
Covode, Dawes, Delano, Dod^e, Bjftflcsron, Ktdridge,
Fcrriss. Fields. Kinney, Fox, Glos^breuncr, Golladuy,
Gravely, Haight, Hamilton, Hardin?:, Hill. Ilolman,
Hotehkiss, Asahcl \7. llubbard, ltiehard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jono*. Julian, Kellev, Kerr,
Knott, Lailin, Lincoln, McCullough, McKec. Morrell,
Morrissey. Mungeii, ;Newoomb, Niblauk, Nicholson,
Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pile, IN, 1-ley, Pruyn, Robin-
son, lloots, Schenck. Seotield, Selye. Stokes, Taffe,
Thomas, John Trimble, LawrenceS. Trimble, Upson,
Van Aernam, RobertT.Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyek, Ward, CadivaladerC. Washburn, ThomasWil-
liams. John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
W oodbridge, anil Woodward.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wii.son*, of Iowa, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having under consideration
the amendments of the Senate to the legislative
appropriation, and finding -itself without a
quorum, had caused the roll to be called and
directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the House.
enrolled bills and resolutions signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 1129) for the relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A. Mul-
ligan, deceased;
An act (II. R. No. 411) for the relief of
Almira Wyeth;
An act (H. R. No. 775) granting a pension
to the widow aiyi. minor children of Erastus
Kinsel;
An act (H. R. No. 671) granting a pension
to the widow of Henry Ivaneday;
An act (H. R. No. 523) granting a pension
to James S. Todd ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 312) relative to
the pay of the Assistant Librarian of the House.
legislative appropriation bill again.
The SPEAKER. There are one hnndred
and eight members present, and the committee
will resume its session.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Twichell] that there will be a vote in the
House on this amendment.
Mr. TWICHELL. Very well.
The amendment was non-concurred in, only
twenty-live members voting in favor thereof.
One hundred and forty-seventh amendment:
Strike out tinder the head of' 'Navy Department"
"six" and insert "four soitwillrcad, "four clerks
of the fourth class, ^7,200,"
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-eighth amendment:
Insert under the same head " four clerks of the first
class, $1,800.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and forty-ninth to onehundred
and eighty-seventh amendment, inclusive. By
unanimous consent the above amendments,
in -which the Committee on Appropriations
recommended non-concurrence, were consid-
ered in gross and non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-eighth amendment:
Strike out "fifth" and insert "first;" so as to read,
" Kirst Auditor of the Treasury Department."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and eighty-ninth amendment:
Insert:
And revised and certified by the First Comptroller
according to law.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and ninetieth amendment:
Strike out "three" and insert "five;" so as to
read, " for purchase for library, laboratory, and mu-
seum, ©5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and ninety-first amendment:
Strike out" five," so as to read," for purchase of new
and valuable seeds and labor in putting theia up,
mooo."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Onehundred and ninety-second amendment:
Strike out" fivo" and insert "twelve;" so as to read,
"for grading, forming roads and walks, and improving
the giounds, $12,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. The reason for the
reduction of the amount appropriated for seeds
by the Senate from $20,000 to $5,000 is that
they proposed to transfer that appropriation
and add a little more to the present appropri-
ation upon which the vote is now to be taken,
namely, "For grading, forming roads and
walks, and improving the grounds, $12,000."
The Senate struck out the greater part of the
other appropriation for seeds with the expect-
ation of transferring it to this. I therefore
hope the amendment of the Senate to increase
this appropriation will be concurred in. It
only increases the appropriation a very little.
It was with that view that I assented to the
reduction in the other case. Otherwise 1 would
have opposed it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the gentleman had better leave this to the com-
mittee of conference to adjust.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would prefer to
concur in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and ninety-third amendment:
Insert the following:
Department of Education:
For compensation of Commissioner of Education,
$4,000; chief elerk, $2,000; one clerk of class four
$1,800, and one elerk of class three, $1,600.
Forstationery, blankbooks,freight, express charges
library, miscellaneous items, and extra clurical help,
$10,600, in all $20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. SPALDING. I move concurrence.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a perfect waste.
Mr. SPALDING. I believe we ought to
concur in this. I yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am exceedingly sorry
to hear that the majority of the committee
have recommended lion-concurrence in this
amendment. The Department of Education
was established in March, 1807. An exceed-
ingly small amount of money was required to
carry it on. I am not as well informed as to
what it has accomplished as I would be glad
to be and as I presume some other gentlemen
