1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
gentleman named by him strikes mo with sur-
prise. I think that case ought to be inquired
into in some way; for is it not amazingth:it a
British court shnuld undertake to punish tor
words spoken or tor acts done within the juris-
diction of the United States? I cannot under-
stand how it is possible that any Government
could resort to such a principle.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. i would ask my friend
whether it is not probable there is some mis-
take about this?
Mr. HOWARD. I was going to say that I
really hope, for the credit of the British Gov-
ernment, that it may turn out to be erroneous.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. Is it not probable that
in order to fix a criminal intent upon the man
for some act done there evidence was admitted
of what he said here by way of illustration. Is
not that probably all there was of it?
Mr. HOWARD. I really am not able to
answer the inquiry. Language in such a case
as that would tend to show the animus under
which he acted in the act for which he was
indicted and convicted. Possibly that may be
the case; but if it be true that persons are
arraigned in Great Britain for crimes commit-
ted within the limits of the United States, and
which were not committed in fact within the
limits of British jurisdiction, it is certainly our
duty, as it seems to me, to inquire rigidly aud
thoroughly into the facts, and to ask for that
measure of reparation which is due from one
nation to another in such cases. Great Brit-
ain has no power and no right whatever to
punish an American citizen for acts commit-
ted within the limits of the United States, as
I understand the law of nations. I Impe this
will be investigated, and that it will Become a
subject of correspondence between the two
nations.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 212)to grant lands to the Northern Michi-
gan Railroad Company in extension of the
Northern Pacific railroad; which was read
twice by its title, referred-to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
KKPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 188) for the relief of towns in the State
of Nevada, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution CH. R. No. 120) in regard
to the publication of postal conventions made
with foreign countries, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, reported a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 81) placing certain troops
in Missouri on an equal footing with others as
to bounties; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations have had under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 313) making partial
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1868,
and have instructed me to report it back with
amendments. I ask for'the present consider-
ation of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived at which it is the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the un-
finished business of yesterday will be permitted
to be passed over by general consent until we
act on the bill I have just reported from the
Committee on Appropriations.
The PUE.SIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent the unfinished business may be
passed over informally for the purpose indi-
cated. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole |
proceeded to consider the bill (II. It. No. 313) |
making partial appropriations to supply deli- j
ciencies in the appropriations for the service !
of the Government for the fiscal year ending '
30th J une, 1808. \
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line twenty-
nine :
To supply a dclicicney in tho contingent expenses
of tho Senate tor the presont liscul year, tho l'ollow-
im suras, namely:
For clerks to committees and pns?fcs, $33,804.
For additional messengers, $8,640.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to lmve
some explanation of that item for deficiency
for clerks of committees, &c. It strikes me
5 as rather a large one.
j Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It arises in this
i way. At the July session we authorized the
retention of the clerks of committees until the
next meeting in November.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it not also cover
the time that elapsed between the adjournment
in April and the meeting in July ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; the
time is from July, 1867, to June 30, 1868.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It reads as a defi-
ciency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It embraces up
to the end of the fiscal year closing June 30,
1868.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course the com-
mittee understand the details, and they know
whether it is correct or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We thought
there was a legal obligation on the Senate
growing out of the resolution of July last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If in the recess from
April to July the clerks, pages, &c., were paid
I out of the fund in hand, that perhaps would
i make a deficiency from July to November.
< Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
1! it does not cover from April to July.
ii Mr. FESSENDEN. Were they paid from
that time under an order of the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Under a reso-
lution of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was there any reso-
lution of the Senate directing payment from
April to July ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not speak
of that. That is not included in this item.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there is a defi-
ciency in the fund, and I suppose the deficiency
is made up partly at least from the fact of using
the fund to pay these officers between July and
November under the order of the Senate, but
is it not also occasioned by their having been
paid from April to July in some part at least?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand they were paid
between April and July because there was not
a recess of Congress, but an ordinary adjourn-
ment, as for example they will be paid from
to-morrow when we adjourn over until the 6th
day of January, it being a simple adjournment
of Congress. That is one of the reasons for
this deficiency; that is to say, the money which
would otherwise be applied toward the pay-
ment of these officers from now until the 30th
of June next was exhausted in paying them
between April, when we adjourned, and July,
when we came together again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That, was not under an
order of the Senate, but under the general idea
that it was a mere adjournment.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes; under the general law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out lines forty,
forty-one, forty-two, and forty-three, making
the following appropriations for the Depart-
ment of Education:
For extra clerical help in obtaining a history of
United States land-grants and translations, $1,600.
For fuel and gas, $500, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the commit-
tee that they had better leave out the last
clause of the bill; because it is not true now,
the amount having been changed, and the
clause is entirely unusual. I move to strike
out that clause, which is in those words :
And the total amount appropriated by this bill is
8118.8® 21.
Mr. JlORRILL, of Maine. Such a clause
is of no consequence any way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It seems to me that we
shall have some confusion introduced into the
settlement of our accounts by the provision in
this bill commencing in line twenty-two. I un-
derstand that provision of the bill to be intended
to apply to both Houses. Now, sir, we have a
very different arrangement in the Senate with
regard to newspapers and stationery from that
which exists in the other House. I believe that
at present the sum of seventy-five dollars per
session is allowed to each member of the Sen-
ate for newspapers, and we expend that much.
As to our stationery, it is purchased in gross
and kept in a room under the charge of an
officer, and is drawn for by each member ac-
cording to his necessities. By this provision,
which appears to be intended to apply to both
Houses, a regulation which may be very proper
in" the House of Representatives may be found
to introduce confusion into our arrangements
, in the Senate, because we have a different sys-
tem. I should like this part of the bill to be
looked at by some committee, or at all events
it should be delayed long enough to enable us
to understand what its operation will be. I
have bestowed some attention to our outlays
for stationery and to our administration of the
system of distribution of stationery among mem-
bers of the Senate. I suppose that that subject
will be considered by the select committee on
the salaries, &c., of the employes of the two
Houses of Congress; but it strikes me on look-
ing at this provision that we shall have a great
deal of confusion by taking* an arrangement
which may be appropriate lor the House of
Representatives and applying it to the Senate,
where we have a different system entirely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations were in favor of a provision
which should operate as a limitation on the
amount of money to be expended by either
branch for this particular purpose, and were
not specially advised as to the course which
the select committee who have the general
subject under consideration would take, and
so reported the bill without touching this pro-
viso, in harmony with the general desire*to
limit the amount of money which both branches
of Congress should be at liberty to dispose of
for this, purpose. If there is embarrassment
likely to come from it the provision may be
now non-cqiicurred in perhaps and the mat-
ter arranged at some other time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will propose an amend-
ment to meet my idea. I move in lines twenty-
two and twenty-three to strike -out the words
"either House of Congress," and insert
'' House of Representatives.'' That will leave
the bill as the House desire it for their own
administration. The proviso will then read,
" That hereafter no member of the House of
Representatives shall be allowed or paid for
newspapers and stationery for any one year a
larger sum than $125," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very glad that the
House of Representatives has called the atten-
tion of the Senate to the necessity of doing
something in relation to this question of sta-
tionery, &e. I may state for the information
of the Senate that, with a view to look into
this whole stationery matter as managed in the
Senate and in the House of Representatives,"
the select committee of the two Houses,
appointed for the purpose of fixing the pay,
dutieb, &c., of the employes, offered a resolu-
tion, which has now passed both branches,
giving them power to look into this subject in
common with others, and see how far our
expenses can be reduced. . It is our design to
do so. We have already taken the first step in
regard to getting some information on the sub-
ject. The order of the Senate as it now stands
gives to each Senator the amount of seventy-
