1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3703
here would also like to be, but I am perfectly
certain that no one appropriation of the amount
of money provided for in the law creating that
Department could be applied more advan-
tageously than for the purpose indicated in
that act. If any gentleman will look into it,
I believe he will find that no act involving no
larger amount of money than was involved in
that has met with a more favorable response
throughout the country and throughout the
civilizcd world than the act of the last Con-
gress establishing this Department. The Gov-
ernment of Great Britain lias undertaken within
the last eight months to establish a department
of education. The moment suffrage was ex-
tended to eighthimdred thousand Englishmen
that moment every thinking man in the king-
dom recognized the necessity of immediately
providing for a more comprehensive and thor-
ough system of education throughout Great
Britain to make suffrage intelligent. A bill
was introduced almost the first day of the pres-
ent session of Parliamentto establish a depart-
ment of education, making the head of it one
of the advisers of the queen, to have a seat in
the cabinet as one of the regular ministers of'
the Crown. That bill has been advocated by
some of the very best minds in England, and
although it is postponed for the present there
can be no doubt of its ultimate adoption.
I hope it will not be considered improper if
I ask to have the following letter from John
Btight read. It was addressed to the United
States consul at Sheffield, and was recently sent
to me.
The Clerk read as follows :
Rochdale, January 4,1863.
Dear Sir: I write to thank >ou fur sending me a
copy of General Gakfield's speech on education. I
have read it with muoh interest.
Tlio Department now to be constituted at 'Wash-
ington will doubtless prepare statistics which will
inform the world of what isdoing inthoUnitedStates
on the education question; and the volume it will
publish will have a great effect in this country, and,
indeed, in all civilized countries.
You will have observed the increased interest in
education shown in England since the extension of
the suffrage. I hope some great and good measure
may be passed at an early period.
I am, very truly, yours,
JOHN BltIGIIT.
George J. Abbot, esq.. United States Consul, Sheffield.
Mr. GARFIELD. I only introduce this
letter to show the importance attached to this
subject by our friends in Europe. The statis-
tics given in the preliminary report of the Com-
missioner of Education are an earnest of what
the Department may accomplish if continued
and vigorously administered.
It will be remembered that General Grant,
in his report as Secretary of War ad interim,
recommended that that part of the Bureau of
Freedmen's Affairs that referred to education
should not perish with the bureau, but should
be transferred to the Department of Education,
and that a clause of the bill for the temporary
continuance of the bureau, which is now in the
hands of the President for his signature, carries
out that recommendation. I ask gentlemen
what they are going to do with it—if they are
going to abandon all further efforts to aid the
frcedmen and the States of the South?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by striking out
" $20,000" and inserting "$10,000."
There never was any occasion, whatever, in
my humble judgment, for the establishment of
this Department of Education ; and I am glad
to see that the Committee on Appropriations
recommend a non-concurrence in the extrava-
gant appropriation ol the Senate. There is no
analogy between Great Britain and this coun-
try in connection with the manner and modes
of education. England is a centralized Power,
and the question belongs directly to Parlia-
ment, whereas in this country the system of
education is exclusively controlled by the States
and paid for within the States by the people,
and there is no justification whatever for this
extravagant appropriation. We were told
when tins bureau was established that it would
not cost over five or'six thousand dollars.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The original bill itself provided for
$13,500.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, $13,500; I accept
the correction, and here we have an appropri-
ation asked for of $'20,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thirty
thousand dollars.
Mr. RANDALL. No, $20,000. Now, let
us cut off this appropriation before this incu-
bus is fastened on the Government. The edu-
cation of our children is best left to the States,
and I hope the amendment of the Senate will
not be concurred in.
Mr. DONNELLY. I oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. 1 think I may say
that, in the judgment of every gentleman of
this House, the interest of education is the
most vital and the most precious involved in
our institutions, because our institutions^ rest
upon the theory that the people are intelligent
enough to judge of the questions submitted to
them for their suffrages, and upon that intelli-
gent judgment rests the very life of the nation.
This is an acknowledged fact.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have in the last few
years extended to the people of the South
lately in a condition of slavery the right of
suffrage. We have given that right of suffrage
to an immense number of men. We find, if
the reports that are published in the papers
are to be believed, that a large number of those
men just snatched from a condition of slavery
are now found voting upon the side of the very
men who made rebellion against this Govern-
ment, and who made that rebellion to keep them
in slavery. If the reports in the newspapers
are true, in one State thirty thousand men have
so voted. Mr. Chairman, if such be the fact,
this general suffrage will prove a calamity to
the country.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me ask the gentle-
man if this appropriation will educate a single
one of those thirty thousand men to whom he
refers, in the State of Mississippi, I presume?
Mr. DONNELLY. I will come to that in
a moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will not educate
anybody.
Mr. DONNELLY. I saythis state of things
will be a calamity, if the ignorance of these
men is to furnish a weapon and an instrument
to endanger the life of this country. We can-
not send suffrage to these people unless we
send education to accompany it. And how
can we do that? Our system of Government
does not permit us to undertake directly the
education of the people of the State of Missis-
sippi. But if we have here in this capital of
the country an institution which is, as it were,
an eye watching the condition of that whole
country, in an educational point of view, we shall
have reached a great end. We can thus stim-
ulate education there. Nay, more, if educa-
tion falls short in any of these States,_that fact
is brought to our notice, and to the notice of the
people of the entire country; and the public
opinion of the entire country is turned upon
the section so defaulting. We ask here for an
appropriation of $-0,000. Compare that with
some other items of appropriation in this bill.
We appropriate $40,000—double the amount
here asked—for the purpose of publishing the
laws of Congress in the States and Territo-
ries of the United States. We appropriate
$42,000 for the Capitol grounds and for the
Botanical Gardens. Wo appropriated $32,000
for the Congressional Library. It is true, these
are all valuable interests, interests that Iwould
not oppose. But how do they compare for a
moment with this great, this gigantic interest
which will reach over this whole country ; and
upon which I say the very life of this nation
may depend. For where the destinies of this
country rest upon the suffrages oi an ignorant
and unenlightened horde, the safety ot this
country lias ceased, and its institutions are in
daily peril.
One more point, and I have done. This
Departmen t has been in operation but one year.
Why this attempt to massacre it in its very
cradle? Why not give it an opportunity to
manifest, what it can do?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I renew the amendment
to the amendment, for the purpose of saying
ing what I can to aid the Committee on Appro-
priations to get rid of this excrescence that has
grown up on this appropriation bill. There is
not to-day, and there never has been, any more
reason for having a Department of Education
in the city of Washington, than there is for
having here a department of music, or a depart-
ment of architecture, or a department of reli-
gion, or anything else of the kind that might be
named.
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dow-
nelly] says that we want an eye here. Well,
sir, this is but a glass eye; it has no sight in
it; it has no power; it cannot inspect the
system of education anywhere in the United
States. This Department cannot appoint a
superintendent or a teacher anywhere, nor can
it recommend a school-book and carry it into
any school. It cannot do anything, except to
sit here and draw the salaries of its employes
and compile such statistics as the State super-
intendents of schools may see fit to send them
without any requirement of law whatever. The
reason I want to strike this out now is that it
is only a year old. By the time it gets to be
three years old it will want at least $100,000 a
year; and how much it may want when it
comes to be of full age I do not know. Sir,
the sooner we tnrn from this system of legis-
lating upon everything that does not concern
us, and devote our attention to those things
which we should attend to, the better for the
people and the Government. This is a barna-
cle that has grown on the ship of State, and
the quicker we scrape it off the better tor the
Government and the people.
Mr. PHELPS. It appears to me, Mr.<£hair-
man, that much of the opposition to this De-
partment of Education arises from a mis-
understanding of the object and purposes for
which it was created; and iu my judgment this
misunderstanding is largely due to the title
which has, I think, unfortunately been given
it. I think there ought never to have been an
attempt to create what is called a "Depart-
ment" for the purposes contemplated by theact
of Congress which established this institution.
If the powers and duties which are devolved
by law upon the Commissioner of Education,
at the head of the so-called Department of
Education, had been devolved upon a clerk in
the Interior Department, or if even an officer
designated a Commissioner of Education had
been provided for, with the same powers and
duties contemplated by the law heretofore
enacted, without any attempt to create a sepa-
rate Department of the Government for that
purpose, I think a great part of the objection
and the clamor to which this institution has
been subjected would have been obviated.
For my part I am not to be imposed upon by
mere names. I have examined carefully and
repeatedly the act of Congress which estab-
lished this Department, and I have not been
able to find iu it anything which is not in my
judgment perfectly consistent with the Consti-
tution, and entirely in accordance witli the
spirit and purposes of a Government such as
ours.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman where this Department is located?
Mr. PHELPS. Where all the other Depart-
ments are located—-at the seat ot Government,
where it ought to be located.
Mr. RANDALL. In which one of the pub-
lic buildings?
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman had taken
the trouble to find out, he would not ask me
such a question.
Mr. RANDALL; I have not been able to
find out.
Mr. PHELPS. I presume the gentleman
has not taken the trouble to inquire.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir, I have; and
