272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
five dollars per year for newspapers, periodi-
cals, &c. That amount of seventy-five dollars
which is now allowed is not by any means
equal to what the former allowance of iifty
dollars was in point of fact some years ago.
I have not usually myself taken up the whole
amount of that sum in newspapers and period-
icals, but I take a considerable amount in that
way. This provisiou as it stands would leave
then fifty dollars to each Senator for the sta-
tionery which he uses during the session. It
may be that too much is allowed for newspa-
pers and periodicals, and too little for station-
ery by this provision, or there may be enough
for both purposes; I do not know but that it
is so. 1 think myself that the difficulty which
has arisen is owing to the fact that there is not
a sufficient supervising control over the expend-
iture for stationery in the stationery-room.
Whose fault it is I of course cannot say. I do
not know in what way it goes or how it goes.
I know that we have been roundly abused in
the newspapers on the subject of penknives.
I know, however, that that did not particularly
apply to me. How it has come about I cannot
tell; but at any rate, these complaints being
made, it is advisable to look into the whole
subject, in my judgment, and if there is any
abuse have it corrected, and have our stationery -
room, and perhaps the stationery-rooms of both
branches of Congress, under proper regulation
both with regard to purchases and with regard
to expenditures.
I am somewhat doubtful myself whether at
this time it is advisable, without understanding
liow Senators feel with regard to it and how
they stand with regard to it and what they
have ordered for this session, to at once at this
period of the session adopt a provision such as
tins before the whole matter has been properly
investigated. For myself I have no objection
to having this rule of $125 a year applied to
me individually. Still I think it is hasty legis-
lation and probably is brought about by what
has been said iu the newspapers with regard to
it, and which I confess is in some degree de-
served, so far as this, that we ought to have the
matter under more specific regulation.
I should think, therefore, that if the other
House has examined the subject so far as to be
satisfied that $125 will do for each member of
that House, both for newspapers and station-
ery, we can have no difficulty in agreeing to
tluit for them, and I should be willing to agree
to the same limitation on members of the Sen-
ate so far as I am individually concerned, but
I doubt very much the expediency of it at this
period of the session before the matter has been
thoroughly investigated. That it ought to be
done at some time I have no doubt^
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that if we are
going to begiu the system of retrenchment, and
economy which we have promised the people
of this country .and which they expeet of us we
might as well begin here as at any other place;
and it does not oeeur to me that the argument
of the Senator from Maine, that the general
subject of the regulation of the officers of the
Senate and Hotueof Representatives has been
referred to a select committee, is a sufficient
reason for delaying action on this bill or for
refusing to concur with the House of Repre-
sentatives in the proposition which they have
sent to us.
As I understand the condition of the station-
ery-room and of the clerk who has charge of
our newspapers and periodicals, it is this:
when I came to the Senate each member was
allowed fifty dollars a year to be expended in
subscriptions to newspapers and periodicals;
and that amount#b some time when I was not
cognizant of the fi^t was raised from fifty dol-
lars to seventy-fiyie. dollars ; and then we have
a stationery-rooo% where almost everything in
the haberdashery line, I believe, is kept, pur-
chased in some way or other under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Senate, and a Sen-
ator, when lie chooses to get anything from that
room, can go thereand order it to an unlimited
extent. I do liQtJknow that there is any limit
whatever, and indeed I understand there id no
limit as there is in regard to newspapers. He
can order fifty, twenty-five, one hundred and
fifty, five hundred, or one thousand dollars'
worth. Now all that has been proposed by the
House of Representatives, in which our Com-
mittee on Appropriations agree, is that there
shall be a limit upon the amount that shall be
received from that office as well as a limit on
the amount that has hitherto been received
under the resolution of the Senate in the shape
of newspapers and periodicals. Why should
there not be? vl do not believe there is any
member of this body since I have been here
who has ever used legitimately or in any other
way during a session seventy-five dollars' worth
of stationery. I do not know what may have
been charged up against me, but I am satisfied
that I could have gone into the market any year
and bought the stationery and other articles I
have procured from that room, of quite as good
if not a little better quality, for fifty dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not the haberdashery.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; all articles of
haberdashery and stationery that I have got
there. Now, sir, what we want and what was
expected, or what at any rate I expected, of the
select committee is to regulate the purchases
that are made by the different officers of the
Seuate, and to establish some system of book-
keeping by which there shall be a check upon
these different officers, so that we shall know
exactly who did a thing, upon whose instruc-
tion he did it, for what purpose it was done,
at what price it was obtained, and out of what
appropriation it is paid. They keep a book
now, a kind of blotter, in the stationery-room,
and it is very easy for that book to be placed
under the direction of the select committee
and to have it kept in a proper form, so as to
charge each gentleman of the Senate with the
amount he receives. It does not require any
further legislation on the subject except a
simple direction as to what shall be done in
this regard.
Mr. DIXON. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator if that is not the case now?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, I say that is so; and
therefore there is no trouble if we adopt this
provision in keeping a proper check and regu-
late the amount both in the stationery-room and
in the newspaper-room. This proviso simply
limits the amount to be allowed for these items,
and it shows to the world that we are disposed
to put a check if there have been these extrav-
agances that have been charged in the news-
papers, and of which I know nothing, but of
which I have read with shame-facedness and
confusion in almost every newspaper through
the last canvass. If there have been any such
abuses it seems to me this is the time and man-
ner and place to begin the correction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania
would not be advisable because that would do
by law what the House now can do. Each
House may now order out of its contingent
fund any amount it deems proper for these
purposes, and therefore the adoption of his
amendment would simply be refusing to apply
to ourselves the limitation which we are will-
ing that the other House should impose upon
themselves. The House can do it so far as
they are concerned by a simple resolution, and
therefore the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania does not accomplish the object
of the House. I agree with the Senator from
Maine that this provision ought not to stand as
it does now because we have already received,
or are entitled to receive, our allowance of sta-
tionery for this session, and we have already
received our allowance for newspapers, and as
things now are there is no limit to our allow-
ance for statioaery. That abuse should be
broken up, and I think the Senate is willing to
break it up ; but we cannot do it for this year
because we have already drawn the stationery.
I have received some stationery, and no doubt
every Senator has. This provision should be
made to apply hereafter. As it stands now it
would compel a sudden breaking up of the
existing mode of getting stationery in the Sen-
ate. My impression is that it would be well to
adopt the rule prescribed by the House, but to*
apply it after this fiscal year.
Mr. GRIMES. This does not break up the
stationery-room; it allows every member to
get his stationery here, or if he chooses he may
draw the amount of $1-5 and get his stationery
and newspapers of whomsoever and wherever
and whenever he pleases.
Mr. SHERMAN. It changes the whole
manner of keeping the accounts and the whole
manner of disposingof the stationery fund. I
think, therefore, the provision ought not to
apply to the present fiscal year. With a modi-
fication providing for its application after this
fiscal year, I should be willing to vote for it,
because I think $125 is a sufficient allowance,
and, indeed, in my judgment, $100 is enough
to pay for all the newspapers and all the station-
ery each member ought to get. I move, there-
fore, to amend the clause by inserting after the
word "hereafter," in line twenty-two 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment already pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to amend the
amendment so as to make the clause read:
" that after the present fiscal year no member
of either House of Congress," &c. That would
make the rule of $125 a year apply to every
Senator and Representative after this fiscal
year, and it would be in perfect harmony with
the action of the joint committee; for I believe
that every member of the joint committee, in-
cluding its chairman [Mr. Fessenden] and my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,]
agree that this system should be broken up and
that some fixed amount should be substituted.
I think TOat would be fair and just.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio is not
strictly in order, for it would strike out the
entire amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let the vote be taken
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree with what
has been said by other Senators that this thing
ought to be limited, and I hope, therefore, the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania will
not prevail. If there is an abuse of the char-
acter that has been spoken of let it be cor-
rected. At any rate, let us not labor under the
constant assaults to which we have been sub-
jected in consequence of the law or practice
allowing any Senator to draw as much station-
ery as he pleases. I hope we shall agree upon
some amount, and I hope the Senator from
Ohio will so frame his amendment that the law
may commence to operate at once. I should
like to have it begin to operate immediately,
instead of putting it off to the end of the fiscal
year, and thereby carrying the implication that
somebody wants to use more than one hundred
and twenty-five dollars for stationery and news-
papers the present year, wants to supply him-
self this year and then limit himself after-
ward.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only trouble in the
way of that is that the stationery is here on
hand, purchased for the present year, and the
existing arrangement cannot well be closed
before the 1st of July next. I presume that I
have not received $125 worth a year or any-
thing like it; still I flo not know how they
keep these accounts. I never inquired how
much I received; but I think $125 worth is
more than enough for me, or certainly is amply
sufficient for this year or any other year. At
the same time, I do not think you should make
a sudden change in the mode of keeping the
stationery accounts ; but let them go on under
the present system until the expiration of the
fiscal year, and then, if the Senator thinks
proper, he can introduce a resolution that the
amount hereafter to be taken shall not exceed
at the rate of $125 a year, including news-
papers.
