1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
Mardh 4et
Such a thing—is tliat it is now placed in the
power of the Government indirectly to regu-
late the rates of interest between individuals.
If we cast this good aside, and also the kindred
one of founding upon public securities a safe
and uniform currency, that debt may stand for-
ever an unmitigated curse.
Whatever else we do we must reduce the
rate of interest on the debt. If we can do it
only by consent of the creditors let us get their
consent on the best terms we can. It is better
to pay for this as a great national boon than
to lose the present opportunity of securing it.
Mr. President, for what I have said, I shall
be attacked as an enemy of the bondholders.
I shall be called a repudiator. I shall be rep-
resented as hostile to a specie standard of
value. Neither is true ; but men are so given
to extremes that opposing views are seldom
met with fairness. Time, which sets all things
oven, must determine whether I am right or
wrong. I conscientiously believe that we can
pay neither five nor six per cent, interest on
this public debt. Considering the circum-
stances of its creation, it is too exacting that
the creditors should not only demand a change
in the terms of their contract, but a relentless
depletion of the'circulaling medium. Will not
one suffice? If we give them a gold contract,
why ask, in addition, that productive industry
shall sicken and die? This policy injures the
people, it strikes down the power of accumu-
lation from labor and brings ultimate loss to
the bondholder himself. It is the old demand,
that bricks bo made without straw. I have
said that we cannot pay five per cent. I as-
sert, without fear of successful contradiction
that no nation on earth can show a ratio of
increase in national wealth equal to five per
cent. Take England, with all her greatness
and boasted prosperity, and you will find that
her ratio of increase from 1823 to 1861 is only
two per cent. Take the United States from
1810 to 1860, including twelve years of gold
inflation from the mines of California, and the
ratio is four and one eighth per cent. The
rates of increase in several of the older but
most prosperous States in the Union, from
1850 to I860, a period of increasing relative
Values as compared with gold, are as follows:
In Jlassaehusetts 31 per ccnt.
In New Hampshire 41 per cent.
In Ithode Island 4i per eont.
In New York  5.48 per cent.
This unjust accumulating power of money,
arising from high rates of interest in this
country, should not be encouraged by the
Government. If the net profits of productive
industry are not equal to five per cent., then,
too, the interest of money should be less than
live per cent. He who invests his capital in
the employment of labor and the development
of wealth is entitled to a dividend equal to the
interest income of the man who lives in idle-
ness and luxury. Suppose that our debt should
fall into the hands of foreign holders, and the
annual increase of our wealth should be less
than the annual interest to be sent abroad, it
is then evident that ultimate poverty is only a
question of time.
If the debt remains at homo the injury, in a
national point of view, is not so great. The
increased wealth would remain among us, but
it would soon become concentrated in the
hands of a few, to be followed by all the evils
of an aristocracy. In such a state of things
the poor man's hope consists only in the ex-
travagance and profligacy of the rich. A nation
that encourages such a policy must sooner or
later suffer the dreadful conscquences. He
who will scrutinize closely the monetary con-
vulsions of Europe and America will find that
they had their origin in the pay merit of interest.
Take the commercial disaster of 1825 in Eng-
land, which capitalists sometimes tell us were
owing to bank expansions. It will be found
that the circulation of the bank actually de-
Creased, from 1821 to 1825, nearly one mil-
lion dollars, while the loans increased from
$13,500,000 to nearly forty Millions.
If we refer to the panic of 1837 in England
we find that, from 1838 to 1837, when it com-
menced, bank circulation decreased more than
one million dollars, while the loans increased
from $27,000,000 to $75,000,000. Without
enumerating the figures, it is safe to say that
the panics of 1847 and 1857 in England pro-
ceeded from the same causes. Turn back to
the panic of 1837 in this country and it will
be seen that the loans and discounts in the
banks ran up from $200,000,000, in 1830, to
$525,000,000 in 1837, while the circulation
increased in the same period from $61,000,000
to $140,000,000.
The circulation of the banks of the United
States in 1854 was $204,000,000, the loans
$557,000,000. In 1857, when suspension and
bankruptcy came, the circulation was only
§214,000,000, while the loans had gradually
risen to $084,000,000. The increase of bank
circulation was only $10,000,000, while the
increase of loans was $127,000,000. If we
turn to the condition of the banks of the State
of New York, the commercial center, at the
same period, we find the circulation was about
the same as it was in 1852, while the loans and
discounts had'increased from $127,000,000 to
§170,000,000.
Give me a period when industry is stimu-
lated, but has to borrow money for the devel-
opment of productive wealth, and I will dem-
onstrate that it has been soon followed by a
monetary convulsion. Indeed, this fact is
of such universal acceptance that business men
in the brightest periods of prosperity have
learned to anticipate the coming of adversity.
Another accepted truth is, that when disaster
comes it ruins the most enterprising business
men of the community. This should not be
so. Now is the time to strike one blow at the
evil, and I, for one, am prepared to do it.
I am no repudiator. My understanding of
the contract made with our creditors is, that
if the debts become redeemable during a period
of suspension, they are payable in the lawful
money of the Government. If, however, they
become redeemable after specie payments are
resumed, or if we choose to postpone payment
until that period, they are then payable in gold.
These considerations are a part of the con-
tract. Debtor and creditor must have so under-
stood it.
An important question, then, left is as to the
propriety of resumption. As nobody has pro-
posed it in this debate, and as nobody is likely
to propose it, I forbear at present to show its
utter impossibility. Such an attempt would
bring legislators into disgrace and the Govern-
ment into bankruptcy. At this point I might
stop. My motion at present is simply to reduce
the interest. I have offered no general substi-
tute to the bill. Some of its provisions I can
support; others can never receive my assent.
I cannot change the terms of the contract with-
out some fair equivalent. I will not ask all
that justice demands. I would not even con-
sent to fund the bonds at five per cent, interest
in gold, principal payable as it now is in lawful
money.
I entertain the hope that specie payments, in
the course of five or ten yeafs, may be resumed.
If so, none will be more gratified than myself
to see the public creditors paid in gold. In
the meantime, however, a great work is to be
accomplished. We must keep an eye to the
industries of the country. While too great
expansion of the currency may be an evil, too
great contraction is a much greater evil. The
end desired by my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] is the one desired by me; but I
would reach it by a process different from his.
His plan has been partially tried and ended in
utter failure.
It is true that I presented a measure to the*
Senate on the 21st of January last which diktat
fully embody my convictions upon this i mfilft-
ant subject. It was acompromise with opposing
opinions. I had to conciliate the enemy. My
' first proposition was to extend the legal-tender
circulation lo $400,000,000—what it was when
this system of contraction was commenced.
This I would do as a condition-precedent to any
attempt to re-fund the public debt. So far aa
I am individually concerned I wish not to be
bound by any such limitation ; but so great
seems to be the fear of Government issues, that
the limitation was inserted rather to save the
measure from that condemnation which, in my
judgment, proceeds from an unfounded preju-
dice.
The next proposition was to fund the entire
public debt into ten-fifty bonds, bearing an in-
terest not exceeding three and a half per cent.,
principal and interest to be paid in coin, and
to be exempt from all local taxation. It was
then proposed to repeal the limitation upon
the amount of circulating notes to be issued
by national banks, and to leave banking free
under proper guards and restrictions—one of
which should be a rigid redemption of their
issues at some commercial center. The new
bonds were to be substituted by national banks
for the old, and a part of the accruing interest
on the bonds deposited was to be retained in
the Treasury as a sinking fund for their ulti-
mate redemption. In consideration of the re-
duction of interest, and the retention of a part
of that which would annually accrue, such
amount of taxation was to be remitted upon
the capital and circulating notes of the bank,
as to enable them to make reasonable divi-
dends. The harvest season for banks is during
periods of suspension, and we all know that
their profits during the last few years have been
enormous.
It was also proposed that after a given pe-
riod one eighth part, and after a certain other
period, one fourth part of the tariff duties
might be paid in legal-tender notes. But the
last proposition on the subject of the cur-
rency is the one so fiercely assailed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont on yesterday. He must
not suppose that I failed to enjoy his com-
ments upon it. It was another one of those
concessions I was forced to make to an unrea-
soning prejudice excited by such able denun-
ciations as his own. Had I consulted my own
convictions of right, and not been forced to
beg my way through assailing errors, I should
have framed it in a manner much less accepta-
ble to his taste.
I am satisfied that $700,000,000 will not fur-
nish a sufficient circulating medium for the
people. It is only $17 50 per capita. It is
eight or nine dollars less than England has
with its compact population and bank-check
facilities; it is less than France has, whose
thirty-eight millions of people are grouped
upon an area of territory not as large as the
single State of Texas.
The first requisite, in my judgment, was to
repair, as far as I could, the error of contrac-
tion. I would, if I could, expand beyond
$400,000,000 of legal-tender notes, but the
expansion should not be permanent. All legis-
lation should look to ultimate resumption ; but
reasonable expansion will facilitate that end
better than unreasonable contraction. It is
almost certain that resumption can better be
secured through the medium of the banks than
through the efforts of the Government, which
cannot accumulate gold far purposes of re-
sumption withoutdefeatingthe very end desired.
Resumption is worthless without restoration of
business. Withthatrestoration, andan earnest
application of industrial energy to the produc-
tion of wealth, resumption of specie payments
is inevitable. It was thought that the estab-
lishment of new banks would indicate the
revival of industry, and that that revival would
indicate an advance towards specie payments.
When that advance was made I thought it
would bfe'safe to cancel a part of the legal
tenders. Compromising upon $700,000,000
of legal tenders and circulating bank notes,
as the amount beyond which Congress would
not permit me to go, I endeavored to secure
two objects in the proviso so cruelly criticised
■ by my friend. The one was to retire the
legal tenders, as circulating notes supplied
