156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of .Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Pile.
40th Cong....2d sbss.
shade of variation for months; that no peace
or quiet can come to the country until this
bad man is removed from his high office. And
with the additional belief that it is fortunate
that a clear and uncomplicated case has been
made by the rashness of the President so that
the process of impeachment may be speedy,
and the country soon restored to peace and
quiet.
Under a true sense, as I trust and believe,
of the importance of the case, and in the dis-
charge of my duty as an humble Representa-
tive of a part of the great people, I shall vote
for the pending resolution; and in giving to,
the House and the country the reasons that
impel me to this course, I shall first review the
course of this debate up to this time, answer-
ing such of the points made by gentlemen on
the opposite side of the House as seem to me
worthy of notice: second, I shall call atten-
tion to the specific acts of the President that
are in violation of law and iu contemplation
of the Constitution and the laws high crimes
and misdemeanors; and, third, I shall review
the public conduct of the President in order
to show the criminal intent and motive that
have inspired and prompted him to these acts.
The very first element of this discussion
thrown in here by the opposite side amid the
excitement of such an occasion is that of
threatening and bombast. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] after deploring in
measured phrases and with plaintive tones the
hasty and excited character of these proceed-
ings, launches out into an hour's speech, de-
livered in most excited tones of voice and with
very violent gestures, iu which he warns and
threatens by turns—uow imploring us to pause
andconsider before entering upon thcimpcach-
ment of the President and then lashing him-
self into fury he threatens with blood—parades
before us the muscle and prowess of the
"peace party in war and' war party in peace "—
the Democratic party; and with uplifted hands
and upturned eyes piously calls God to witness
that he and his Democratic associates will not
submit. Other gentlemen follow in the same
strain. Now, sir, the only answer I care to
make to all this " duuder-uu-blixen" talk is
that it has ceased to fiighten school-boys or
disturb the nerves of hypochondriac old ladies.
After meeting and defeating treason and rev-
olution on hundreds of battle-fields, amid the
conflict of arms that has rocked the continent;
after beheading this hydra-headed monster of
rebellion, we are not likely to be frightened by
the dying wriggling of its tail on this floor.
The first attempt at an argumentative de-
fense of the President was made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] His
first position is: that the President has the
right to test the constitutionality of any law
before the courts; and all he designed in the
acts for which he is arraigned was to make a
case before the courts atid test the constitu-
tionality of the tenure-of-office law. In order
to avoid the charge of misstating his position,
I quote his own words:
"I maintainthatthePresidentof the United Statss
in in duty bound to test the legality of every law
which he thinks interferes with his rights and powers
as the Chief Magistrate of this nation. Whenever he
has powers conferred upon him by the Constitution
of the United States, nod an aet of Congress under-
takes todeprive himof those powers,or anvof them,
he would be false to his trust as the Chief Executive
of this nation, false to the interests of the people
whom he represents, if he did not by every means in
his power seek to test the constitutionality of that
law, and to take whatever steps were necossary and
proper to have it tested by the highest tribunal in
the land, and to ascertain whether he has a right
under the Constitution to do what heciaimstheright
to do. orwhetherCongross has the right to deprive him
of the powers which he claims have been vested in
him by the Constitution of the United States, and
that is all that he proposes to do in this case,
"Now, if that is the object, and the only object, of
the President, as I contend the facts show, then I can
hardly bring myself to believe that any set of sane
niencan seriously entertain the opinion that in any-
thing the President has done in the removal of Mr.
Stanton he has been guilty of either a high crime or
misdemeanor. But ' whom the gods wish to destroy
they first makewad;' afidifeverapartywas stricken
with judicial madness and blindness the action of
this party nowprovo that theyare the victims of it."
The conclusive answer to this is that the
courts were open to the President without vio-
lating the law. A writ of quo warranto could
have been invoked requiring Secretary Stanton
to show by what authority he held and exer-
cised the functions of his office contrary to the
will and desire of the Chief Executive of the
nation. Dnder this process a direct appeal to
the courts, involving the constitutionality of
the very law the President violated, would
have ensued. If he violates the law, in order
to make a case before the courts, when a
peaceful' and more direct method is open to
liitn, he does so at his peril, and must take the
consequences.
The second position taken by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is that the power
of removal is a part of the executive power of
the President conferred by the Constitution;
that it is incident to and inherent in this execu-
tive power, and therefore the "tenure-of-office
law," forbidding such removal, is unconstitu-
tional and void, and no crime can be commit-
ted in violating its provisions. I shall exam-
ine the several parts of this position separately.
The quotation made by ihe gentleman from
Mr. Madison in support of the power of re-
moval refers to the power of the President
during the recess of Congress, and not to his
power during the session of the Senate, and,
of course, cannot apply to this case. The
opinion of Chancellor Kent, which I here
requote, is in the following words:
"On the first organization of the Government it
was made a question whether the power of removal
in case of officers appointed to hotd at pleasure re-
sided nowhere but in the body which appointed, and,
of course, whether the consent of the Senate was not
requisite toremove, Thiswas the construction t,'iven
to the Constitution while it was pending for ratifi-
cation before the State conventions by the author
of the Federalist. But the construction which was
given to the Constitution by Congress, after great
consideration and discussion, was different. Tho
words of tho aet (establishing the Treasury Depart-
ment);! re: 'And wheneverthesamo shall bereinoved
from otlice by the President ot the United States, or
m any other case ot vacancy in the office, the assist-
ant shlll act.' This amounted to a legislative con-
struction of the Constitution, and it has ever since
been acquiesced in and acted upon as decisive au-
thorityin the case. It applies equally to every other
otliccr of the Government appointed by the President
whose term of duration is not specially declared. It
is supported by theweighty reason that the subordi-
nate officers in the executive department ought to
hold at the pleasure of tho head of the department,
because he is invested generally with the executive
authority, and the participation in that authority by
the Senate was an exception to a general principle
and ought to be taken strictly. Tho President is the
great responsible officer for the faithful execution of
the law, and the power of removal was incidental to
that duty, and might often be requisite to fulfill it."
This opinion shows that this matter of re-
moval. even in the recess of Congress, was
made a question in the very first organization
of the Government; that men of great ability
held that no such power of removal existed in
the Executive of the nation without the con-
sent of the Senate ; that the sense of the Con-
stitution in this regard was only given by
the act of Congress establishing the Treasury
Department. Now, all this is said in refer-
ence to the power of the President in the re-
cess of Congress. If Congress could fix the
sense of the Constitution in the act referred
to above in 1789 the Congress can reinter-
pret the Constitution on this point in 1867.
But, sir, this removal is attempted during the
session of the Senate, after they had solemnly
non-concurred in the suspension of this same
officer under the provisions of the very law
that he now violates. I undertake to say that
no respectable authority can be cited in sup-
port of the power of the President to remove,
during the session of the Senate, an officer
whose appointment has been confirmed under
the law by the Senate; and I challenge the
production of one single precedent for the
exercise of such power.
But, sir, there is another important count in
the indictment of the President that I shall
refer to at greater length after awhile, that the
gentleman from Kentucky wholly ignores,
namely, the illegal appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary of War ad interim. ^ The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] who assumes to lead the opposite side
Of this House on law questions, maintains that
Mr. Stanton is not embraced in the terms of
the act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices because he was appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln and not reappointed by the present incum-
bent of the presidential office.
This assumption rests upon two grounds,
neither of which is tenable, namely, that the
term for which Mr. Lincoln was elected ex-
pired when he was murdered by that desperate
man, J.Wilkes Booth, and that the recognition
of Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War by Presi-
dent Johnson, and the transaction of business
with him as Secretary of War for more than
two years by the President., did not make him
de facto and dejure Secretary of War. Now,
sir, each of these assumptions is so palpably a
violation of all common sense and all admitted
legal principles that to stop to expose them
would seem to be to insult the intelligence
of the House and the country. I come now,
air, to notice the acts for which, acting upon
my judgment and conscience. 1 shall vote for
the impeachment of the President, and the law
he violated by those acts.
In 1801, forthe purpose of preserving invio-
lable official positions conferred by law, Con-
gress solemnly passed an act making it a high
crime and misdemeanor, punishable by fine
and imprisonment, for two or more persons to
conspire together and by force, threats, or
violence attempt to prevent any person from
holding or executing the duties of any office
to which he had been appointed under the law.
In 1867 Congress passed an additional law,
being "an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices," the first section of which reads
as follows :
" Be it enacted, &c.. That every person holding any
civil office to which he lias been appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the fccnate, and every
person who shall heroatter be appointed to any such
office, and shall become dulyqualified to act therein,
is and shall be entitled to hold such office until a
successor shall have been in like manner appointed
and duly qualified.*'
The sixth section of the same act is as fol-
lows :
"And be it further enacted. That every removal,
appointment, or employment, made, had, or exer-
cised contrary to the pro^sions of this act, and the
making, signing, scaling, countersigning, or issuing
of any commi&Mon or letter of authority for or in
respect to any Mich appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, high
misdemeanors, and upon trial and conviction thereof
every porson guilty thereof shall be punished by a
tine not exceeding $10,000, or by an imprisonment
not exceeding five years, or both said punishments,
in the discretion of tiie court: Provided, That tho
President shall have power to make oat and deliver,
after the adjournment of the Senate, commissions
for all officers whose appointment shall have been
advised and consented to by tho Senate."
The acts of the President in removing Sec-
retary Stanton and signing and issuing the letter
of authority to Lorenzo Thomas, authorizing
him to take charge of the War Office and to
enter upon and discharge the duties of the office
of Secretary of War ad interim, violated the
express terms of the act above quoted. And
by conspiring with the said Lorenzo Thomas
to prevent, by violence and threats, the dis-
charge of the duties of the office of Secretary
of War by Edwin M. Stanton, then in the law-
ful possession of said office, the President vio-
lated the provisions of the act of Congress of
1861, above referred to. Fortunately, there is
no question about the commission of these acts
nor of there being in violation of law. The
provisions of the statutes are plain and unam-
biguous. The proof of the acts is documentary
and conclusive. The letter of the President
removing Mr. Stanton and the one appointing
Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War ad interim
