1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Moorhead.
Ho. of Reps.
have been quoted repeatedly in this debate and
need not be recited here.
After thus flagrantly violating the law, the
President, with indecent haste, without waiting
to be asked for information, by formal message
informs t.be Senate that he has done these
things, the Constitution arid the laws of the
country to the contrary notwithstanding; there-
by challenging Congress to proceed against him
and bring him to answer before the only legally
constituted tribunal authorized to hear and
determine such a case. The only alternative
left to us is either to accept the challenge and
proceed to impeach the President, or to allow
him to violate and override every law that con-
flicts with his wishes, prejudices, or corrupt
designs. With such an alternative before us,
our duty is too plain to be misapprehended,
and our responsibility too direct to be avoided.
I come now, sir, to examine the circum-
stances connected with these acts of the Presi-
dent, in order to see what was his motive and
intention in their commission. This will re-
quire that I go back and trace, briefly, the
record of his public conduct since he has
assumed and discharged the duties of Presi-
dent of the United States. This record will
disclose, in the most unmistakable manner,
his deliberately-formed purpose to restore to
political power, in all the ten rebellious States,
the men and the classes who had precipitated
the country into all the horrors of civil_ war
and: brought upon us all the woes and misery
of the fearful conflict through which we bad
passed. It will also disclose the fact that, in
order to defeat the purpose and will of the
people's Representatives in the reconstruction
of these States upon the principles of justice
and equity, he has usurped extraordinary and
illegal authority and deliberately and crimi-
nally violated the laws.
First came his message of December, 1865,
that clearly discloses this purpose ; and then
his indecent harangue to a Washington rebel
mob from the steps of the White House, Feb-
ruary 22, 1866, in which he violently assailed
Congress, and declared the loyal States and
the loyal millions public enemies and traitors,
and announced his purpose to put them down.
Then came pardons from his hand for the worst
rebels of the South, thick and fast as the fall-
ing leaves of autumn ; his surrender of aban-
doned lands formerly set apart by the law for
the negroes and loyal refugees of the South;
his illegal restoration, to rebel owners and cor-
porations, of property costing the Government
many millions in money and the labor of tens
of thousands of men, namely, the railroads
constructed in the South by the Government.
The same settled purpose is exhibited by his
messages vetoing the civil-rights bill and the
several acts of reconstruction ; by his removal
of the gallant Sheridan ; by his suspension of
Secretary Stanton in August last; by his at-
tempt to involve the General of the Army in
the violation of law and make of him an agent
for the accomplishment of his own fell purposes;
by his efforts to bribe the hero- of the grand
and romantic march to the sea, with promotion
and flattery, that he might make of him the agent
and instrument of carrying; out his wicked and
corrupt designs; and by his endeavor, through
the same means, to secure the aid of the brave,
patriotic, and lofty-souled Genferal George H.
Thomas in defeating the execution of law.
Thus, step by step, this bold, bad, and little-
understood man has gone on. never swerving
either to the right or to the left, steadily pur-
suing the same purpose, constantly laboring
and plotting for the accomplishment of the
same end. Discouraged at no difficulties,
heedless of the voice of public sentiment ex-
pressed by the people at the polls in 1866, in
unprecedented majorities, and in violation of
the oft-expressed will of Congress, with a per-
sistence worthv ot a better cause, he has con-
tinued to conspire against the liberties of
the people, and endeavor to surrender to the
tender mercies of the men who starved and
murdered our soldiers at Libby, Belle Isle,
Salisbury, and Andersonville, the emancipated
blacks and loyal whites of the South. Finally,
and at last, to accomplish these purposes, and
control the coming presidential election by
military authority exercised through the War
Department in all these ten rebel States, under
the pretext of making a case for the courts in
order to test the constitutionality of the teuure-
of-office act, he overrides the Constitution, and
violates the laws passed in pursuance thereof.
Can there be a doubt about the motive and
intention of such acts, committed by such a
man, under such circumstances as these ? Does
not the whole record bear upon its lace the
unmistakable marks of usurpation and crime ?
What insolent and brazen effrontery is it for
his friends on this floor to claim for him inno-
cent intentions and pacific motives 1 It will
be difficult to find, in the annals of all the past,
so many acts of a single tyrant disclosing the
same wicked purposes and exhibiting the same
criminal intentions as are found in this record
of infamy made by Mr. Johnson.
Having, as I think, established clearly the
violation of law by the acts of the President,
and shown conclusively that these acts were
committed with criminal intent and purpose,
I desire, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, to say
that the violated supremacy and outraged ma-
jesty of the law demands the impeachment of
the President of the United States for high
crimes and misdemeanors. I further urge and
press his impeachment in the name and for
the sake of the toiling millions of my country-
men who are wearied and exhausted by the
long and fearful struggle of the past and the
unsettled and deranged condition of the pres-
ent. In the interest of the industrial pursuits
of the country, unsettled and depressed as they
are; in the interest of stagnated trade and com-
merce, and deranged and fluctuating finance ;
and for the sake and in the name of the human-
ity and civilization of the age, I ask that the
official career of this man shall be speedily and
forever terminated, in order that the country
may have rest, quiet, and prosperity, and that
the nation may continue in its high career of
progress and civilization.
In the name of the half million brave men
whose ghastly corpses lie beneath the green-
sward of the South, and who died for liberty
and loyalty, I demand the impeachment and
removal of this man, who, in the exercise of
the great power of his high office, seeks to
betray into the hands of its enemies the coun-
try for which they fought and died;
In the name of the armless and limbless men
who go maimed and halting to the tomb, the
widows and orphans, the desolate hearthstones,
and the bereaved families, let this process ot
impeachment be carried to a speedy and con-
clusive determination. _ . . ,
Inspired by the memories of the historic and
heroic past and the hopes of theon-comingand
glorious future, let us do our duty fearlessly
and promptly; and a country restored to peace
and prosperity will gladly hasten to pronounce
its approval of our action, and unborn millions
will rise up to call us blessed.
the trial of its strength, as well as the -odium
that would fall upon it, by instituting proceed-
ings for the impeachment of its chief executive
officer, aftd it was my purpose that no' such
proceeding should be instituted on doubtful or
debatable ground. ■ ■ _ ' ■
The President has been guilty of many j very
many, official acts that I most heartily condemn,
but they were generally of a political charac-
ter, prompted by his base treachery t'o the
party that elected him, and used for ibe pur-
pose of receiving the confidence and ait! of
those who opposed him then, but by whom he
bow vainly hopes to be again elevated to the
chair he has disgraced.
I therefore, with a majority of the Republi-
can members of Congress, preferred to bear
with him during the balance of his term rather
than convulse and disturb the country in try-
ing to get rid of him. I did hope that the efforts
or attempts made to impeach him would have
taught liim prudence if not wisdom, and his
efforts to interfere with and set aside the ac-
tion of Congress would have ceased. I regret
to say that this hope has been vain. Instead
of conforming more to the lawful enactments
of Congress he has become more defiant and
aggressive. lie has evidently construed the
conservative action of those who have hereto-
fore voted against impeachment to becoward-
ice, and to believe that, do as he pleased, the
House of Eepresentatives would not call him tQ
account. Pie has, therefore, thrown himself
openly and defiantly against a plain enactment
of law.
It is, therefore, the duty of the Congress to
resist this usurpation; "longer forbearance
would cease to be a virtue." And while I am
glad that a majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives have heretofore resisted impeach-
ment, yet now, unfortunate as it is that such
a necessity exists, and sad as every patriot
should feel at the spectacle of the Chief Mag-
istrate of the United States being brought be-
fore the bar of the Senate to answer articles
of impeachment, I shall with pleasure, as a
matter of duty to myself, my country, and
posterity, vote in favor of the resolution.
It is well, Mr. Speaker, that the issue is so
clear, plain, and distinct. It is no less than
an open and defiant refusal to obey the law
and Constitution that he has solemnly sworn
to support. The evidence of it bears his own
signature; there can be no cavil nor prevari-
cation about the commission of the offense;
let us, therefore, impeach him, and have the
country relieved from the annoyance and dis-
grace it has suffered in consequence of the
bad conduct of Andrew Johnson.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. K. MOORHEAD,
of pennsylvania,
In the House op Representatives,
Fibrillin 24, 1808,
On the resolutions reported by the Comoiitee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise for the purpose of making a fjieeeh, but
merely to say that I have heretoiore on all
occasions voted against impeachment. I did
hope, sir, that our Government would escape
Impcnchmcnt.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. BROOMALL,
01? pennsylvania,
In the Hocsk of Representatives,
February 24, 18g8,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, if I were
to consider the subject now before the House
in a purely political point of view, and ask
myself, " "What is best for the party to which I
am attached?" I should probably say, let the
President alone ; let him go on piling iniquity
upon iniquity until he shall drag his entire party
down with him so low that there shall be found
no trace of it or him in the future history of the
country. But I can let myself be actuated by
no party motives. The President ofthe Uni-
ted Slates is charged with a high misdemeanor,
and, like every other person similarly charged,
he is to be tried by the lawand the evidence.
The charge against the President is that of
usurpation—the highest crime of which a ruler
can be guilty. The particular act of usurpation
