3706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 2,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and ninety-seventh amend-
ment :
Amend so as to make lines eleven hundred and
sixty-two, eleven hundeed and sixty-three, and
elevon hundred and sixty-four read as follows :
.For incidental and contingent expenses, repairs
and wastage, in addition to available profits, $69,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and ninety-eighth amendment:
Add after the word "dollars," in line eleven hun-
dred and sixty-four, the following;
Provided, That hereafter all tho"avaUableprofits"
of the United States Mint and branches shall be
covered into the Treasury, to be expended only by a
specific appropriation.
The Committee on Appropriations recom--
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Oue hundred and ninety-ninth amendment:
Add after (ho word " dollars," in line eleven hun-
dred and ninety-nine, the following:
And nfter the 30th of Juno, 18(58, the annual sal-
ary ot the Assistant Treasurer at Charleston shall be
§1,001). and that amount is hereby appropriated,
Tb<* Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Two hundredth amendment:
After the word "dollars," in line twelve hundred
and three, stiiko out "$-0,500."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-cOncurred in.
Mr. WASIIBUUNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent thatamendments numbered
two hundred and one to two hundred and twen-
ty-one, inclusive, in all of which the committee
recommend non-concurrence,be non-concurred
in without reading.
The CIIAIKMAN, If there be no objection
that will be done.
There was no objection; and amendments
two hundred and one to two hundred and
twenty-one. inclusive, were non-concurred in.
Two hundred and twenty-second amend-
ment :
Add after the word "dollars," in line thirteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, the following:
And that tho district attorney for Nevada shall
receive a salaiy for extra services of $200 per annum,
and the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby author-
ized to auditandpay outof any moneys in thoTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the salaries of the
pie-cnt incumbent and lii.s predecessor, II. M. Clark,
at the late of $20() per annum for thoir services.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Chairman,
in consequence of an oversight—the district
attorney of Nevada has heretofore received a
salary less than that received by all the other
district attorneys of the United States. This
amendment of the Senate is designed 
Mr. WASJIBURNE, of Illinois. I will
state, if the gentleman will permit me to inter-
rupt him, that the committee had some doubt
about this subjects and hence recommended
non-concurrence, I have since consulted with
the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Ashley,]
as well as one of the Senators from that State;
and I now think this amendment is right. I
have conferred with the committee, who are
now in favor of concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Two hundred and twenty-third amendment.
Add the following as an additional section:
2. A ad be it farther enacted, That the provisions
of section ten of an act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
>e;n ending June 30, 18(58, and for other purposes,
approved March 2, 1SU7, be, and they are hereby,
extended to one additional newspaper in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia Irom the date of the approval of
sud act, the same to be selected by the Clerk of the
llou'oof Representatives.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. FARNSWOTH. It is strange, it seems
to me. that the Committee on Appropriations
should have recommended a concurrence in
this amendment.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE,of Illinois. The com-
mittee first recommended a non-concurrence,
but the committee had a meeting this morning,
and I do not know what they did.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the printed
report non-concurrence; but in the amended
report the committee recommend a concur-
rence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It was
alleged a mistake had been made, and on
examination it was found to be true, and this
morning it was corrected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law now pro-
vides advertisements shall be published in two
papers selected, 1 think, by the Clerk of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. _ Two
papers having the largest circulation in the
.District.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not this refer
to advertisements from the Departments?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am
speaking of another section alter this.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I am right, this
is the same section whieli the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads reported a bill
to amend, which passed this House unani-
mously, cutting off a portion of the advertise-
ments which are being published now, as well
as the different advertisements from the Exec-
utive Departments, in two papers in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the Chronicle and Star,
a morning and evening paper. They publish
under this law every conceivable advertise-
ment, from the sale of quartermasters' stores
in Nevada——-
Mr. SPALDING. That is all remedied.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The evil of publish-
ing in three papers instead of two is not rem-
edied. Why is it necessary to publish in three
papersin thecity of Washington instead oftwo?
Mr. SPALDING. Because they are Repub-
lican papers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I understand
the object is to give it to the National Intelli-
gencer, or some other Democratic newspaper.
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They a,re published
in two Republican papers. Do you want them
published in three?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does
the gentleman from Illinois call the "Star" a
Republican paper?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly. This is
adding fifteen or twenty thousand dollars to
the expense.
Mr. BLAINE. Taking this and a following
section and it takes off a large amount.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not cut off the
third paper in the District of Columbia.
Mr. BLAINE. 'The gentleman cannot ask
for too much reform in one day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is saving at the
spigot and letting it run at the bung-liole.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Do not
let us starve the Republican papers before next
December.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Two hundred and twenty fourth amendment:
Add tho following as an additional suction:
SeO. —. And be it, further enacted. That all acts or
parts of acts authorizing the publication of tho de-
bates in Congress are heiebyrepcaledfrom and after
the fourth day of March next, and the joint Com-
mittee on Printing is hereby authorized and required
to invite proposals for the publication of the actual
proceedings and debates in Congi ess, upon a plan
and specifications to be previously published by
tbein, and shall also ascertain the cost of such pub-
lication by tho Superintendent of Public Printing,
and shallreportassoon as practicable such proposals
and estimate of cost, together with a bill to provide
for tho publication of the debates and proceedings
of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee make
no recommendation in regard to this amend-
ment.
Mr. PIIELPS. I would be in favor of the
proposition embodied in the first four lines of
the Senate amendment, because I am in favor
of stopping altogether verbatim reports of the
debates which take place in both Houses of
Congress. I have always thought, sir, the
system was a vicious one and an extravagant
one, bad in itself and bad in its consequences;
but I am opposed to the proposition to trans-
fer away the reporting of the debates of Con-
gress from the bands in which it has been here-
tofore reposed to those of the Superintendent
of Public Printing.
I have heard no reason alleged, either in
point of utility or economy, that should induce
us to consent to any such change. I shall
freely vote for a proposition to entirely dis-
pense with the verbatim reports of the debates;
but 1 am opposed to any proposition to trans-
fer the business from the hands of those to
whom it is already confided, and who have
done it generally so well.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say that I am
authorized by the proprietors of the Globe to
say that so far as they are concerned they would
like to have this amendment adopted.
Mr. GA&FIELD. I move the following
amendment:
Strike out all after the word "next," in lino four,
as follows:
And tho joint Committee on Printing is hereby
authorized and required to invite proposals for tho
publication of the actual proceedings and debates m
Oongross, upon a plan and specilications to be pre-
viously published by them, and shall also ascertain
the co«t of such publication by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and shall report as soon as prac-
ticable such pioposals and estimates ot cost, together
with a bill to provide for the publication of tho
debates and proceedings of Congress ;
And insert in lieu thereof the loIioiYing:
And hereafter no publication of the debates in
Congress shall be paid for out of the Treasury of tho
United States.
Mr. WASHBURNEftef Illinois. And keep
the people in ignorance?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not make this prop-
osition because the committee are unwilling
to give the people $20,000 worth of information
on the subject of general education, though I
might make a comparison of the value of these
two appropriations to the people, and might
truthfully say that they will learn far less from
the Globe than they would from what might
begiven them by the Department of Education.
It is not for that reason, however, I hat I make
this motion. I make it in good faith. I have
had lying in my desk for a number of months
a proposition touching this subject which I
desired some time to submit to the considera-
tion of the House. I believe the newspaper
enterprise in this country would publish at
their own expense just as good a, report of
what is said in this House and in the Senate as
the people care to read. I believe, moreover,
if tbe Congressional Globle were abolished it
would make the debates in this House far more
valuable. We would have far less talk for the
sake of talk, far less essay writing and essay
publishing than is now done. We would save
an immense expenditure to the Government,
and our debates would be real, legitimate
debates. Now our whole system lnis, in a great
measure, reduced congressional debating to
essay writing and essay reading, and if any man
shall hereafter have the curiosity and patience
to wade through the vast masses of these printed
volumes and find here and there scattered
valuable thoughts; it will only be as the geol-
ogist iinds coprolites embedded in the strata
of the earth. I trust we shall hereafter agree
that there shall be no publication of our debates
at the cost of the Government. The same tiling
that I propose is done in England. That Gov-
ernment does not pay for printing the debates
in Parliament.
Mr. BLAINE. And never did.
Mr. GARFIELD. And never paid for them,
and yet they have very full reports made by
the London Times and collected in the volumes
ot Hansard. I make this suggestion for the
consideration of the House. It may not be
impossible that we place a much higher value
on what we say here than the people do. The
Journal of the House shows all resolutions
and bills, and our vo'es on all questions. I
think it quite doubtful if the people willingly
pay $500,000 a year for our arguments.-
[Here the hammer fell.]
