2682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Nl
Lynch, Mallory, Marshal!, McOormick, Miller, Mor-
rell, Myers, Niblack,Nicholson,Nunn,Po!sloy,lioss,
Sitgreaves, Smith, Aaron F.Stevens, Stewart. \ an
Auken, Robert X. Tan Horn, Ward, John T.Yi ilson,
Windora, and Wood—'53.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Jauies 51. Ashley, Bearnan,
Beatty, Boutwoli, Butler, Reader W. 01arlu\ Lobb,
Cobum, Covode. Culioiu, Dawes, Dixon, I' orris*,
Ferry, Ilalsey, Harding, Higby, Hooper, Jenekoa,
Johnson, Judd, Julian, ICdlcy, Ketcham, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence. Maynard, McCarthy, Mercur,
Moore, Moorhoad, Mulling,Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, PerhaiHj Pike, Pile, Plants, Poineroy, 1 nee,
llaum, Robertson, Sawyer. Schenck, beoneld, belye,
Starkweather, Stokes, Taffe, Trowbridge, y psoiv,
Elihn B. Waslifaarn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
and William Williams—58. , .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson,
Deles R. Ashley, Axteli, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Beck, Benjamin^ Benton, liiugham, L^un^'nko^er,
Brooks, P
ChurchiM
Fields, l^iunwy. X'UA, v.-J , w'
Grover, liawkins, liolraan, llotchkiss, AsaliU >>.
Hubbard, RichardD.Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
KeUey, Kitchen, Laflm, Loughridse, Marvm, iMe-
Clurg, McCuileugh, Morgan, Mornssey. Munfton,
Peters, Phelps Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Thaddous btevens,
ohti Trimble, Law-
... Aernarn, Bart Van
HoVn, VanTi-umP, Van Wyck, Uadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Ilonry D. Washburn. Thomas Williams, James
1'. Wilson. Stophon P. Wilson, Woodbndge, and
Woodward—78.
So the motion was disagreed to.
INVITATION TO VISIT 510UNT VETOiON.
The SPEAKER. The Ohair lias been re-
quested to lay before the House the followiug
invitation.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Resents of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Associ-
ation of tho Union tender to the members ot the
House of Representatives an invitation to Tis\fc
Mount Vernon on Saturday next.
The Steamer Arrow will be waiting at thewnart
(foot of Seventh street) at four p. m.#
Members will have an opportunity to see Mount
Vernon and its suiroundings toward sunset and to
return by moonlight.
Mount Vurntox, Thursday, May 28,1868,
The SPEAKER- The invitation will be laid
on the table, and gentlemen who feel at liberty
to accept it will, of course, accept it.
FRIENDLY INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from the acting Commissioner of
Indian Ail'airs, relative to the immediate neces-
sity of an appropriation to relieve the wants
of certain friendly Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENOK.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK) leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Binuiiam until
Monday.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
obtained leave of absence for ten days.
On motion of Mr. MOORHEAD, indefinite
leave of absence was granted to Mr. Williams,
of Pennsylvania.
income tax.
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
Submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, aud agreed to :
Mesolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into tho expediency of allow-
ing to bodeducted liom thegains, profits, and income
of any person the cost of purchasing and planting
peach and other fruit trees.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Blaise in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 1073,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 80, 1869.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
go back and correct the phraseology of an
amendment adopted yesterday.
forward; I
Mr. BUTLER. I want to go
cannot consent to go back.
Mr. IILO BY. It is only to correct the lan-
guage, and not to make any new appropria-
tions.
Tho CHAIRMAN. That can be done m
the House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object to going
back.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is that moved yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to strike out
the following paragraph:
Navajo Indians in Now Mexico :
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and for the
purchase of sheep, seeds, agricultural implements,
and other articles necessary for breaking the ground
on the reservation upon the Pecos river, $100,000.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraphs:
To enable tilt! Secretary of the Interior to take
charge of certain stray bands of Pottawatymie and
Winnebago Indians, in the State ot \V isoonsin,$i5,000.
For salary of a special agent to tako charge ot \\ m-
nebago and Pottawatomie Indians now m the otate
of Wisconsin, $1,500.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out that
last paragraph, and I do it for the purpose of
inquiring why it is necessary to have two specific
appropriations, one of $5,000 to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to take charge of these
stray Indians, and one of §1,500 for a special
agent?
Mr. BUTLER. There are two laws provid-
ing for these two different appropriations. One
is to pay for taking charge of these stray bands
of Pottawatomies and_ Witmebagoes in Wis-
consin, aud the other is for the salary of the
agent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to the gentleman from Tennessee that these
Indians have been in the habit of straying all
over that country, No longer ago than last
winter a band of them came down tho Missis-
sippi river to opposite Hanover in my district.
They were utterly without means of subsistence
and they began preying upon the people on
both sides of the river, and if it luid not been
for this fund we might have been involved in
a war. This fund has been appropriated for
several years for the purpose of bringing the
bands together and carrying them back where
they belong.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
For actual no«essary expenses incurred, and that
may herealter be incurred by officers of the Indian
department in the rescue of prisoners from Indian
tribes and returning them to their homes and (or
expenses incident to tho arrest and confinement
within the territory of the United States, by order of
such officer?, of persons chargcd with crimes against
the Indians, £5,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend by insert-
ing at (he close of the paragraph just read the
following:
"For completing construction of irrigating canal on
the Colorado reservation, breaking and feneinglands,
purchase ot seeds, teams, and tools, construction ot
agency buildings, subsistence, ifce., $84,500.
I send to tho Clerk to be read all the inform-
ation I have upon this subject, being the
statement of Superintendent Dent, of that Ter-
ritory. The facts he states I think are worthy
the attention of members.
Mr. BUTLER. I would inquire of the Chair
if it is in order to move such an amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. WINDOM. It is for carrying on to
completion a work already commenced-^
Mr. BUTLER. There is no law for it.
Mr. WINDOM. An appropriation has been
made to commence the work, and this is to
complete it.
Mr. BUTLER. There is no law for it.
The CHAIRMAN, Works already com-
menced and in progress are specifically pro-
vided for by the rule. The Chair, therefore,
rules this amendment to be in order.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Clerk to read
the paper I sent up a few moments sines.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Plats of survey for canal Are on file in the Indian
Bureau. Estimated cost about on? hundred and
twenty thousand dollars, but by Indian labor can be
done for much less. The canal now already under
course of construction, is thirty miles in length,
twenty feet wide, with an average depth of about
n?ne feet. When completed, will irrigate, seventy-
five thousand acres of land. The workis bemgprosc-
cuted by the Indians, who work with a will, and it «
confidently expected that the entire work will bo
completed during the present year, affording a homo
for ten or twelve thousand Indians, and tendering
! ' u,„ fntnr« entirely se f-sustaimng. bhould
SKwSSVail fears are entertained that the
labor already performed may bo lost by reason of
rains and overflow of river. Ihis appropriation is
asked also for breaking and fencing lands, building
of houses, purchase of seeds, agricultural imple
m?'Th'efeaTebttt two reservations in Arizona-tho
one on tho Colorado river, lor which the appropria-
tion is asked, and the Maricopa and P.iua rescrj o on
the Gila river. This latter is nowself-sustaimii-.. and
with an Indian population of six thousand, whose
boast is'that they do not know the color of the
white man's blood,' furnished ^^'i^nVaiiddur^
products of last year amounting to $200,000,:and dur
ing the year have furnished corn tor supply ot t on-
tracts to the Government troops m Aiizona (lorfc
Whipple) at a rate one half less than has ever been
furnished heretofore."
Mr. WINDOM. These facts were presented
to me by Superintendent Dent. I laid them
before a minority of the Committee on Indian
Affairs—there were no more present—and they
unanimously directed me to offer this amend-
ment. I believe it to be good policy, and that
the Government would save money by com-
pleting this work, because it would furnish em-
ployment to the Indians in the ierritory, tend-
ing to civilize them, for if they are kept at
work, enabled to raise corn, <fcc,, they will be
able to take care of themselves, and we would
save the cost of keeping a_ military force there.
; If this amount, or a portion of it, is not now
appropriated, it is said that what has already
been appropriated will be lost.
Mr. MILLER. How much has been already
appropriated ?
Mr. WINDON. About fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. BUTLER. I will read to the Commit-
tee of the Whole all the information upon this
subject which was sent to us by the Secretary
of the Interior to justify this appropriation.
Jt is from a letter written by Superintendent
Dent, of Arizona Territory.
" Referring to tho estimate of $34,000 foreompleting
the irrigating canal of the Colorado reservation, 1
again invito your attention to the issulkciency ot
the appropriation of $50,000 current this year to
accomplish the whole work.
44 The amount above stated, m addition, I think,
will complete the ditch, buildings, &c. I trust that
you Hill concur in this sum, and efleet its being
appropriated.
" Item No. 7. relatingtothe«um of $20,000 for mam-
taininglndianson tho reservation that maybe turned
over by the military, I regard as very important.
There can be no reasonable doubt but that the con-
siderable force now engaged against the hostile? will
conquer bands or tribes during the comingyear, and
it is highly proper that they should bo immediately
brought on the reservation, kept there by force, it
necessary, and maintained until they can be made
self-sustaining."
The proposition, therefore, is to appropriate
$84,000, in addition to the $50,000 already
appropriated, for the purpose of building ail
irrigatiag canal for Indians, a large portion
of whom are yet to be caught, and brought
in and set to work on the land which is to be
thus irrigated.
Mr. WINDOM. Tho gentleman is mistaken
on that point. There are several tribes of
Indians there, two of them the largest in tho
Territory. I believe. They are now industrious,"
and have never been at war with tho whites at
all. Only a portion of the Indians, one tribe,
is warlike.
Mr. BUTLER. Upon examining the whole
matter as well as we could the committee came
to the conclusion that this was an expenditure
that could wait, and hence struck out the appro-
priation. The gentleman now proposes to put
it in.
Mr. BASHFORD. Mr. Chairman, I had
not intended to say anything upon this amend-
ment proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Indian Affairs. That committee
made, so far as they were able, a careful ex-
amination into this subject, and although there
