1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
ourselves; the House of Representatives are
not bound by law to take notice of our rules
of procedure. 1 therefore drew the resolution
in complete accordance with the rule itself,
and required the Secretary of the Senate to
present a copy of the resolution—that is to say,
embracing the substance of the rule—to the
House of Representatives for their informa-
tion. It is a resolution in the usual form, an
act of mere courtesy, giving notice to the House
that to-morrow at one o'clock we will proceed
to the consideration of impeachment. I take
it that it is hardly worth while to discuss it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules expressly pro-
vide that the Presiding Officer shall give notice
to the Chief Justice of the time when, by the
rules, we are to be sworn and proceed. That
is one o'clock to-morrow. That it is the duty
of the Chair to do, because it is now an order
of the Senate. The Senate, also, by its rules,
has another standing order—the articles hav-
ing now been filed—that to-morrow at one
o'clock we shall take this oath and organize
ourselves for this trial. As I said, I think it
would be a very bad precedent to enact over
again, in the form of a resolution, what is
already a standing order, because it might lead
to a practice of that kind as necessary, when
an objection would carry it over. I therefore,
with all respect to my friend, move to amend
the first resolution; so that it shall read in this
wise:
Ordered, That tho Secretary be directed to inform
the iiuuse ot Itepiesentativos that to-morrow, atone
o'clock afternoon, the Senate, pursuant to its stand-
ing rules, wilt 'proceed to tho consideration of the
impeachment which the House of ltepresentatives
has presented,
Mr. HOWARD. There is no necessity for
such an amendment of the resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose the only ques-
tion that can be made on adopting these orders
will be upon the last one, and possibly upon
the one clause of the proposed amendment of
the Senator from Vermont. For one 1 desire
that the question of the binding effect of tho
rules we have already adopted shall be left
open. The Senate has thought proper to adopt
certain orders or rules for the government of
the Senate when it sits as a court of impeach-
ment. I belive there is objection made that
after we are placed under oath, and have taken
the articles of impeachment into regular con-
sideration, the Chief Justice being present, it
will then be our business to adopt rules. We
may adopt those that have been already framed
or wo may adopt others. What I suggest is
that in giving a simple notice to the House of
Representatives, in order to bring their mana-
gers here at the hour fixed to-morrow, and in
giving notice to the Chief Justice, to secure
his attendance here, we may avoid all debate
upon this question of whether we shall be bound
by the rules we have already adopted after we
are together. We had better simply give the
notice to the House of Representatives and the
Chief Justice, without entering upon the gen-
eral question of debate to which I have referred,
and leave that open. That is the simple mode
of proceeding, and it saves our time. It con-
cedes nothing on either side of this question.
Therefore, I think it the preferable mode of
action.
I am opposed to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont as moved, because he has
inserted in it a reference to these rules; and
we are to give the House notice that we have
rules and shall be bound by them in our pro-
ceedings when we are convened to-morrow to
take into consideration this subject ofiinpeach-
ment. The original resolution is unexcep-
tionable ; but if it is to be amended in form
let it be made a simple order giving notice to
the House that we will take up this subject at
one o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the first resolution.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on agreeing to the first resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Rctohed, That a t ono o'clock to-morrow afternoon
the Senate will proceed to consider the impeachment
ot Andrew Johnson, Presidentof the United States,
at which time the oath or .1 flu mation required by the
rules of tho Senate si I" tine for tho trial of an impeach-
ment shall bo administered by the Chief Justico of
the United States, as the presiding officer of the
Senate sitting as aforesaid, to each membor of the
Senate, and that the Senate sitting as aforesaid will
at the timeaforesaid receive the managers appointed
by tho House of Representatives.
Ordered. That tho Secretary lay this resolution be-
fore tho Ilousc of ltepresentatives.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to be informed by
the chairman of the select committee on the
subject of impeachment rules whether this is
intended to change the rule we have already
cstfl lista ccl 
Mr. HOWARD. Not in the slightest de-
gree.
Mr. GRIMES. The rule that was estab-
lished yesterday or the day before provided
for the administration of the oath to those
members who might not happen to be present
on the first day. This does not make any pro-
vision of this kind, but seems to be a new rule
to cover the same subject-matter without any
such provision, and may lead to a conclusion
hereafter.
The resolution was agreed to.
The next order was read, as follows :
Ordered, That the articles of impeachment exhib-
ited against Andrew Joliuson, President of the Uni-
ted States, bo printed.
The order was agreed to. «
The next order was read, as follows :
Ordered, That a copy of the "rules of procedure
and practioe of tho Senate when sitting on the triat
of impeachments" bo communicated by the Secretary
to the llouso of ltepresentatives, and a copy thereof
deliveied by him to each member of the Ilousc.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I spoke upon this point
before. It is not necessary now to furnish the
House with our rules. That can be done after
we have determined whether we will act under
those already adopted or modify them. I think
the best plan of disposing of this resolution
will be to lay it on the table at present. I there-
fore make that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Tho motion was not agreed to.
The order was adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. By direction of the com-
mittee I submit the following order :
Ordered, That the noticc to the Chief Justice of
the United States to meet the Senate in the trial of
the case of impeachment, and requesting his attend-
ance as presiding oflicer, bo delivered to him by a
committee of three Senators, to be appointed by tho
Chair, who shall wait upon the Chief Justice to the
Senate Chamber and conduct him to the chair.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire whether that
is consistent with the rules which we have
adopted. I refer to the fourth rule, in which
it is provided—
And in a case requiring tho said Chief Justice to
preside notice shall bo given to him by the Presiding
Ollieor of tho Senate of tho time and placo fixed for
the consideration of the articles of impeachment as
atoresaid, with a request to attend.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will ex-
amine the order he will see that it simply pro-
vides for the Presiding Officer delivering that
notice to tho committee. 1 introduce it at the
request of the Presiding Officer.
Mr. GRIMES. These three Senators, then,
are simply to be the messengers of the present
Presiding Officer of this body to convey his
message to the Chief Justice.
Mr. POMEROY. That is precisely their
function, and then they are to conduct him to
the chair.
The order was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore appointed Messrs. Posieroy, Wil-
son, and Bdckalew tho committee.
revision of tiib rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business regularly before the Senate
is the report of the select committee appointed
to revise the rules of the Senate.
Mr. KAMSEY. I think we had better ad-
journ.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not desire to press
these rules now if tho Senate is fatigued, and
I understand that the subject will be left as the
unfinished business for the next legislative ses-
sion if we now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then 1 do not object to
the motion.
circuit court at erie.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before an adjournment
is proposed I desire to make a motion in order
to correct our Journal of legislative proceed-
ings. A bill was passed this morning author-
izing a circuit court to be held at the city of
Erie, Pennsylvania. The bill was taken rip
and acted on by the Senate, although it was
really in committee. I desire to move that the
Secretary be authorized to enter as of that time
a motion to discharge the committee, in order
to make our Journal correct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary be discharged from the
consideration of the bill mentioned by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose the entry
will be made upon the Journal as of the
proper time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be.
affairs in utah.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unauimous
consent, and agreed to :
liemhed. That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish for the use of the Senate a copy of tho
annual report of Brevet Brigadier General James
J?. Kusling, inspector of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in relation to military posts and other affairs
in tho Territory of U tali.
house bills referred.
The bill (II. R. No. G74) for the relief of
certain exporters of distilled spirits was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 384) to authorize the
building of a railroad bridge atPaducah, Ken-
tucky, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 832) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during tho fiscal year ending June
ISO, 1809, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 4, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. N. P. Kexnby, of llockford, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the additional article of impeachment of the
President of the United States, presented last
evening by the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes.]
Mr. JENCKES. I will not ask for the
reading of the article as it is in the Globe ia.
full this morning.
Mr. KERR. I ask that it be read, as it has
not yet been read to the House.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Rhode
Island has the right to proceed with his speech
without tho article having first been read.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, after the
committee charged with preparing articles of
impeachment have reported, and after the
adoption of their report, and after the managers
clected to make good these articles have pro-
posed additions and amendments to the report
of the committee which have been adopted by
the House, and the passage of these resolu-
tions authorizing them to proceed at once to
the bar of the Senate, it may seem obtrusive
for an individual member to move a supple-
