1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Was not a full attendance, tlie members present
were unanimously in favor of the amendment
now offered. Now, Mr. Chairman, as the rep-
resentative on this floor of Arizona Territory,
I wish to state what I knew in regard to the
Indians of that country after a residence there
of some five years.
This amendment proposes to bring together
some ten thousand Indians who now have no
local habitation, no home, and put them upon
a reservation. During the discussion upon this
bill I have heard a great deal about our Indian
policy. It has been urged that the policy now
pursued by the Government is unwise. But,
sir, can any better Indian policy be adopted
than that contemplated by this amendment,
which ia to give the Indians a home, to put
them upon a reservation where they can be
self-sustaining ?
The principal difficulty in making treaties
with the Indians lias been that when you have
made a treaty, the Indians having no home,
you have not been able to enforce it. You
cannot punish them when they violate their
treaty obligations. But when you put them
upon'a reservation, where they gather about
them their families, their horses, their cattle,
where they engage in the cultivation of their
fields, they always keep their treaties, because
they can be punished when they violate them.
Sir, the true Indian policy to be pursued by
this Government is to place these Indians upon
reservations.
Now, sir, this canal is some thirty miles
long, some nine feet deep, and some twenty feet
wide. It will irrigate land enough for all these
Indians and some more—not Indians to be
picked, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
has said—but some Indians known as the Eiver
Indians, who are friendly when they are properly
treated; who have always been friendly as a
general rule. And, sir, they have only been
hostile as the result of such a policy as is con-
templated by this bill without the proposed
amendment. Ever since the acquisition of this
Indian country by the United States the Gov-
ernment has, through its representatiyes and
agents, held out to these Indians the prospect
that they should be placed upon reservations
and cared for, as contemplated by this amend-
ment. By failing to carry out this policy, you
render the Indians hostile ; and, sir, I say, not
for the purpose of affecting the result ef this
vote, that the safety of the people of the country
would be endangered if these ten or twelve
thousand Indians should join hands with the
Apaches.
Upon this reservation all the Indians of
that country can be supported and cared for;
and instead of being our enemies they will be
our friends. We have heretofore raised com-
panies of Indians to fight the Apaches, who
have been our foes, stealing our property and
murdering our people. I presume that this
amendment was not properly presented and
pressed before the Committee on Appropria-
tions, otherwise they would have been in favor
of it. I know that it contemplates the only
policy which the United States can wisely pur-
sue in regard to the Indians in that far off
country.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that in this bill we
appropriate $35,000 to take care of the Indians
of this Territory. According to the official
returns there are seven thousand of them. We
appropriate $15,000 to take care of ninety-
three hundred and thirty Indians in Idaho.
Now, the ainendinentasks an appropriation to
build a canal. A canal nine feet deep, instead
of being merely for purposes of irrigation, looks
to me like a manufacturing project. Some-
body, I imagine, wants t6 get water power. It
is an immense work, and must cost quite a large
amount. I think it had better wait a year.
The Indians always have been without it,
and m my judgment they ean live without it
another year. I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD.
amendment:
I move the following
Ait or line fourteen hundred and ninety-five insert
til8 following:
For this amount to pay the expenses of two com-
missioners appointed to appraise the Cherokee neu-
tral landsunder the 17th article of the treaty of July
19,1866, with the Cherokees, or so much thereof as
may be neeessary, $4,550.
Mr. Chairman, this small amendment car-
ries us back in the history of that tribe to the
time when they occupied a portion of the coun-
try I have now the honor to represent upon
this floor. The history of the troubles with
the Cherokee Indians is part of the history
of the country thirty or forty years ago. They
resulted in that tribe of Indians being removed,
under the operation of a treaty made with them,
beyond the Mississippi, and certain lands were
assigned for them; and they were assigned
under the special and specific provision that
never in all future time should any portion of
these lands be embraced within the limits of
any State. When Kansas was admitted in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress her boundaries em-
braced a portion of the Cherokee lands known
as the "neutral lands." Those lands, by the
treaty of 1866, which I have before me, were
to be transferred to the United States for a
consideration, and commissioners were ap-
pointed to appraise their value.
I submit that in view of the difficulties which
have grown out of our treatment of these In-
dians, the best and saddest comment upon
which is the many thousands of graves, the
result of troubles in our own times, which honey-
comb almost every foot of land from Lookout
mountain to Chickamauga—I say in view of
our past history and negotiations with this
people and any possible future conflict which
may arise from violations of the treaty then
made—that it is proper their title should be
peaceably and in good faith extinguished. And
1 think this small appropriation should be
made t® carry out the treaty made with them
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs since the
close of the war in 1806.
Mr. BUTLER. I am glad this amendment
has been brought up, for it gives me an oppor-
tunity to state to the House the reasons on
which the committee have acted. In 1835
these Indians were possessed of certain lands
in Kansas. Those lands they exchanged for
some further south, known as the "neutral
lands." Under the treaty the lands were con-
veyed to them by patent, with the condition
that they might sell them to the United States,
but they were never to sell them without the
consent of the United States. A treaty was
got up with these Indians by which they con-
sented to sell eight hundred thousand acres
of land at one dollar per acre. The late Sec-
retary of the Interior negotiated the sale of
these lands for $800,000, one dollar an acre,
to the Connecticut Emigration Company, some
neighbors of mine ; but the Connecticut Emi-
gration Company only promised to pay in the
future, and the land was to be sold for cash.
The present Secretary of the Interior set aside
that sale as invalid.
Now, they went and made a treaty by which
these lands should be sold again, putting in a
proviso that nothing in the treaty should pre-
vent the Secretary of the Interior from selling
the whole of these neutral lands in a body to
any responsible party for not less than $800,-
000. Under that the present Secretary of the
Interior sold these lands for $800,000 to one
Joy, and those lands to-day are worth five
dollars an apre. A responsible party tells me
that he will give five dollars an acre for the
whole of them, and that many acres are worth
fifteen and twenty dollars ait acre—that some
of them are the most valuable coal lands west
of the Mississippi river.
Why, sir, this very day I am told that the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
in the Senate has reported a confidential treaty
by which this sale is to be confirmed. The
Connecticut Emigration Company and Mr. Joy
have struck hands, and all of these lands are
to go into the hands of Joy. By that treaty
eight hundred thousand acres of land, worth
to-day at least $4,000,000, are to be put in
the hands of a body of speculators. For that
reason we concluded not to pay any money for
surveying. That is all we could do for the
present.
Now, why do they want a survey? There
are certain settlers on the land, and they want
to appraise the improvements so as to buy the
settlers out. They want ug to pay for doing
it, and I am not quite ready. It seems to me
to be one of the worst jobs ever put up by this
Government. We have a treaty with the In-
dians that they shall not sell the land to any-
body except the United States. We can open
a land office to-day and sell that land for at
least $4,000,000, if we do not want to sell it at
$1 20 an acre, or give it to actual settlers.
Now, by this arrangement it is propssed to
put eight hundred thousand acres into the
hands of men who will make four, five, or ten
million dollars, for aught I know, out of the
operation.
A responsible gentleman told me yesterday
that he had been called to testify, and he swore
that he knew the lands were worth five dollars
an acre. lie said, " Give me ninety days to
raise the money, and give me a good title, and
I will pay $4,000,000 for them." And he
would, no doubt, make millions out of it then.
It is not a mere possessory title that comes
to the Indiana. They hold the lands by con-
veyance from the United States, subject to the
provision that they shall not sell to anybody
but the United States, or without the consent
of the United States; so that we ean have
them if we please. But here we are asked to
provide money tor the purpose of disposing
of them to speculators.
I know I can acquit my friend from Tennes-
see of any knowledge #f this matter, or intend-
ing to have anything to do with it. The case
was stated to me, I doubt not, in the same way
it was stated to him originally; and if it had
not been for information brought to me which
I followed up I should not have known what I
do. And I wish to say again, if we do not
stop this scheme in this House or in the Sen-
ate it will be carried out.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to strike
out the last word, for the purpose of saying that
the statement of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] in reference to the
sale of this land, and subsequent sale by the
Secretary of the Interior to Mr. Joy, has no
possible connection whatever with the appraise-
ment.
Now, sir, as to the fact when this treaty was
made, there was a provision in it intending to
apply to settlers then on these lands. The
lauds were held by the Cherokees by a f'ee-
sitnple title, and when it became known that it
was the purpose of the Cherokee nation to"
transfer them to the United States, a large num-
ber of settlers immediately took possession of
them. During the pendency of that treaty in
the Senate, and before it was finally proclaimed
by the President of the United States, there
was a provision in it that certain settlers on the
land at the making of the treaty should be
protected, that the land should be appraised
by appraisers appointed by the Secretary of
the Interior, and that they should be entitled
to the land at the appraised valuation. That
is all there is of this question.
I do not know that I differ very much with
the gentleman from Massachusetts oil this ques-
tion of the sale of this land. The appraisers
have been appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior under another provision of the treaty.
Tliev are well-known citizens of Kansas, and
I believe they have performed their duties
faithfully, and to the interest of nobody but
the settlers who are there in the belief that
thev are provided for under the treaty to which
1 alluded—I mean that portion of the settlers
who were on the land previous to the making
of the treaty.
