1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<fm
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Plants,
Ho; of Reps.
been m hke maimer appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided: Provided, That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, 6f War, of
the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General, shall hold their
offices respectively for and during tho terra of the
President by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with tho advice and consent of tho Senate."
This act for the first time fixes the term, of
the Secretary of War, and forbids his removal
except under its provisions. The term it fixes
is until a successor shall be duly appointed
and qualified, except first that it empowers the
President during the recess of Congress to
suspend for cause—a feature which 1 am not
considering now, because it is immaterial—
and second that it makes a provision with
reference to Cabinet officers, which I will here-
after consider. If there is anything in the act
of 1789, or any other act which confers the
power of removal on the President alone,
this act repeals it, and the whole power of
appointment and removal rests solely upon the
Constitution and the act of 18G7. Now, this
act operates upon all officers who come within
its provisions ; but it is said by my colleague
[Mr. Woodward] that Mr. Stanton does not. I
am curious to know why not? He holds a civil
office. He was appointed by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. In these par-
ticulars he answers the description of persons
embraced in the provisions of the statute.
It is contended, however, that somehow the
proviso takes the case of Mr. Stanton out of
the act. How does it do so ? It only limits
the term of the Secretary of War still further
than it is limited by the law itself; that is, it
makes it expire one month after the end of
the term of the President by whom he was
appointed. Does that take him out of the
statute 'I It is difficult to see how it does. He
•was an officer of the Government; he had
been appointed and confirmed; he answers
all the requisites of the statute. Now, it may
be that the proviso does not relate to his case,
and this is all that can be said. If it does not
relate to his individual case, then as to him
the statute stands without the proviso, and
then his term will expire when his successor
shall have been duly appointed and qualified,
and thanks to an overruling Providence that
.time has not yet arrived.
But suppose the proviso relates to Mr. Stan-
ton, then what does it do ? It limits his term
more than the act itself limits it; that is to say,
it ends his term on April 4, 1865, one month
after Mr. Lincoln's first term ended, or on
March 2, 1867, the time of the passage of the
act, or on April 4, 1809, the end of the term
of Mr. Johnson, unless he shall have justice
done him before that time. Now, the first of
these is impossible. We can do a great many
things, but we cannot enact that an officer who
holds his office under the laws as they existed
before our action shall have his term of office
cut off at a time antecedent to our action. I
submit that that is an impossibility.
The second supposed ending of the term is
inconsistent with the acts of all the officers of
the Government, from the President down, all
of whom have recognized Mr. Stanton as Sec-
retary of War since that date. But let it be
noted that not only Mr. Stanton but the Sec-
retary of the Navy, the Secretary of State,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, all come
within the same category; and if the term of
Mr. Stanton ended with the passage of the act
then the term of Mr. Seward ended, and it is
barely possible that we have not got Alaska
and St. Thomas, the icebergs and the earth-
quakes, for want of a proper Secretary of State
to negotiate the bargain. The argument proves
too much if it proves anything, because it
proves that every contract entered into by Mr.
McCulloch, from the date of the statute to the
present time, is null and void for want of a
competent Secretary of the Treasury, and it
would be curious to know what the public
creditors would say to that.
_ I submit, then, that only the third alterna-
tive, the third date for the ending .of the term,
is possible, and that is the 4th day of April,
1869, one month after the termination of the
term of the present incumbent of .the presiden-
tial chair, and before that date,shall have ar-
rived the power of this bad and desperate man
to do mischief will, in one way or the other, by
lapse of time or by impeachment, have ceased.
What i s meant by the11 expiration of the term
of the President by whom he was appointed ? "
Let us look at the object of the act. It was to
prevent the President from corrupting what
are improperly called his "constitutional ad-
visers." It was to prevent him from bribing
them with offices to which high pay and hon-
ors are attached to give him opinions and ad-
vice only such as are palatable to him. Now,
I am inclined to think the history of the coun-
try will show that there has been necessity for
an enactment of this kind, for he has succeeded
in getting in that way a good deal, far too
much for the country, of this bad and bribed
and paid advice. The proviso was inserted
with no reference to the present President.
His officers were included in tho act itself. It
was inserted with no reference to him. It was
intended for tho purpose of allowing his suc-
cessor one month in which to change his Cab-
inet, if he should be so disposed.
But there is another view of this question I
desire to present. At the expiration of Mr.
Lincoln's first term Mr. Stanton needed no
reappointment to be continued in office; neither
did he when Mr. Johnson became President.
By the law as it stood before tho act of 1867
his continuance in office and his recognition
were equivalent to a reappointment. He was,
therefore, in effect, as the law then stood, really
appointed by Mr. Johnson.
That is the only way in which the proviso
can be held to apply to Mr. Stanton. I lepeat,
then, the statute embraces Mr. Stanton's case
in so many words ; and the proviso, so far from
exempting him from the act, only still further
limited his term of office, and in no point of
view can his term of office be yet held to have
ended.
Hence Mr. Stanton is within the act, and
the President is properly chargeable with vio-
lating tho law. Let him, then, bo impeached,
tried, and, if found guilty, punished according
to the Constitution and laws. If we cannot
impeach this man of the crimes that are
charged against him, and of which the country
knows him to be guilty, it will be better that
we should abolish the impeaching power alto-
gether, aftd declare to the world that the
President of the United States, like tho king,
can do no wrong. Let us open the jails and
turn loose the weak and the poor and the
lowly who are charged with crime, or let us
mete out to those in high places the even-
handed and exact justice which we mete to
the meanest and the lowest criminal.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. T. A. PLANTS,
OF OHIO,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1868,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for tho impcachmont of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. PLANTS. Mr. Speaker, the question
now before us is, in my opinion, one of too
grave and transcendent importance to be dis-
cussed or decided upon any mere partisan con-
siderations. It is a question that will try to its
center the stability of our very form of gov-
ernment; but., sir, it is a question that we, as
Representatives of the people, dare not evade.
Sir, through all the long controversy between
the President and Congress, I have steadily
voted against resorting to this last extreme
measure. I have not so voted .and acted be-
cause I believed the President was honestly
striving to' perform his great and difficult du-
ties as the Constitution, the laws,' and his oath
of office required, but because ;I ,haye!felfc my-
self in, part responsible for his occjipaucy of his
position, and because I- hoped that :i?a, could
save the Republic event with him. at its head.
I do not propose to recount the seerfeS
through which v?e have passed in the ;last,-.six:
or seven years. These scenes have passjSiiaft)
enduring history. No other nation upon earth
could have survived the conflict through-which
we have passed. Treason, in the grandest form
and magnitude ever embodied in armed rebel-
lion , struck at the life of the Republic, aud held
its destiny in doubt through years of devastat-
ing war and carnage. Hundreds of thousands
of the bravest and best qfour people gave
their lives that our country might live. The
resources of the land were exhausted to meet
the expenses of the gre.at conflict. Our homos
were draped in mourning for the untimely
dead. The maimed and mutilated spryivocs
meet us at every step,we take". Widows and
orphaned children, with which the land is full,
are perpetual reminders of the matchless,qrime
of those who inaugurated the step. Sir, at
the cost of these and other.nameless sacrifices,
the. armed rebellion was at length crushed, and
every patriot hoped that the country would
have repose and be permitted to restore the
waste of the war; to establish our finances
upon a sound basis, that labor might find an
adequate reward for its toil and our institu-
tions become firmly established upon the solid
foundation of justice and freedom defined by
law.
. And to this end those who had saved the
life of the nation were disposed to go to the
extreme of leniency and forbearance to those
who had brought upon us this great calamity.
But, unhappily, it soon became manifest that
although the physical power, the armed legions,
of treason had been broken, its spirit, its
hatred of the Government, its vindictive pur-
pose still lived, and only waited an opportunity
to gratify its vengeance upon those who had
conquered it. If this spirit and purpose were
confined to the States which formed the con-
federacy, and relied for its success upon an-
other trial at arms, we might well regard it
with indifference. But such, I regret to say,
is not the case. The sentiment of loyalty or
of treason cannot be bounded by geographical
lines. The defeated loaders of the S.outh have
their sympathizers everywhere. It is not more
strange that they should be found in Massachu-
setts and New York than in Virginia and Texas.
Bold, bad, ambitious men are found in all lati-
tudes and in all countries. All history is but
the record of such men seeking power by what-
ever means promise them success. Men of
genius and power to command, like Napoleon,
will seek it by force of arms. Smaller men
adopt the arts of the demagogue, and attempt
to do by fraud and deception what they have
neither the intellect nor the courage to do in a
more manly way.
And here, Mr. Speaker, is, I apprehend, the
real source of our danger. I know that the air
is rife with muttered threats of driving the
Representatives of the people from these Hails
by force. But I do not anticipate such a move-
ment under present circumstances. Whatthe
danger might be if we had a mercenary Army,
officered by ambitious leaders who could be
made the pliant tools of an aspiring and able
chieftain, we need not stop to inquire. Hap-
pily we have no such able chieftain. And more
happily still, we have no such pliant tools in
the persons of our noble military officers.
Louis Napoleon, the perjured President of
the French Republic, was able, by means of
his army, to overthrow the constitution which
he had sworn to support, to murder the repre-
i scntatives of the people, to drench the streets
I of Paris with the host blood of the citizeus of
