276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
members of the Senate may be saved from be-
ing drifted into the maelstrom which is likely
to swallow up these representatives of the
nation.
I have no special sympathy for this amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota. It will
be a beautiful thing to talk about on the stump;
and if it passes I shall certainly make use of it
in my own vindication as a man of habits of
economy and retrenchment.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am sorry that this dis-
cussion has been brought here. It seems to
me it is out of place, very much out of place
in the Senate of the United States, that so
grave a body as this, so respectable a body as
this ought to be, should be wrangling about the
price of stationery or the cost of stationery. It
does certainly imply that there are some rogues
among us. I have for a long while known the
Senate of the United States and all its mem-
bers, and I never have known one of them who
I thought would steal a sheet of paper or a
ream of paper or a box of paper. I use a great
deal of stationery myself; but it is used in the
service of my constituents. I write seventy-five
letters a day, with the assistance of my secre-
tary, very often; perhaps an average of fifty
letters a day; and there is no man in Pennsyl-
vania nor woman either that would complain
of my having got too much stationery here.
They know that I will use it properly, and they
respect me too highly, I think, to believe that I
would do wrong, especially in so small a matter
as a little stationery. What does it amount to ?
Nothing. We have wasted as much already in
this discussion as would furnish the whole of
the Senate with stationery for a month, I sup-
pose, perhaps a year.
The objection I have to this thing is, that it
looks so much like washing dirty linen in the
market place. It is a discussion which is not
lit for this place, nor for the men who are here.
I think it a small sort of retrenchment; and if
it were not improper to speak indecorously of
those with whom we are associated in another
part of the Capitol, I might be induced to say
it is possibly the idea of a very small head and
of a less heart. We can retrench in a hundred
different subjects by the millions, and if every
Senator here will turn his attention to it he can
soon find some particular subject which the
people would agree should be retrenched and
which his own mind would teach him it would
redound to his honor if he assisted in retrench-
ing.
I shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota because I think it will
carry the question back to the other House,
and teach the gentlemen there to reflect upon
what they have done in sending this proposi-
tion here. I should have preferred the amend-
ment of my colleague, to confine the proviso to
the House of Representatives itself, because I
think this is a question which belongs to each
House properly, and not to the collective Con-
gress. The Senator from New York says we
shall get all the stationery we require through
committees. Cannot wrong be done as well
in the committee-room as here by an individ-
ual Senator? I think it will be. I shall vote
for the amendment in the belief that it will
cut off the whole of the stationery. I will
gladly pay for what I consume; and I take it
every other gentleman would rather pay for it
than be suspected of improperly using the sta-
tionery furnished to him. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota will be agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. No one in the country
who knows the Senate of the United States—
I mean no sane man, no honest man—can say
that the Senators of the United States would
do anything which would justify their being
described as "thieves and robbers," in the
language of the honorable member from Ne-
braska. But there is one thing that ought to
be corrected ; and I say that because of state-
ments I have seen in the papers of the day—
statements untrue in fact, but statements
apparently true, because they have not been
contradicted officially. There appeared, some
three or four months ago I think, in a paper
published in Albany, the Albany Argus, and
about the same time in another paper printed
in the city of New York and afterward trans-
ferred to the National Intelligencer, an article
which was calculated to injure the Senate, not
to injure them by making them appear as
thieves and robbers, but to make them appear
as altogether regardless of the expense which
they might inflictyjpon the country. How the
statement came to be made I do not exactly
know, though I can conjecture the manner in
which it was made. It appeared by that state-
ment—which was read to me at the time, and
I think I recollect it, because there were some
facts which struck me personally so as to cause
me to recollect it—that the Senators, all of
them I believe, (certainly I was one of them,
and the honorable member from Tennessee
was another,) had received some twelve
knives, twelve pairs of gloves, and a variety
of other articles, the existence of which, even
in the stationery-room, I never heard of—
haberdashery, to use a word used by my friend
from Iowa. I imagine that it was made out
in this way: the officer who has the purchase
of the stationery purchases so many knives, so
many gloves, and so many of every other arti-
cle that he buys. The number of knives and
gloves purchased have been divided by the
number of Senators, and by this division each
Senator seems" to have got twelve pairs of
gloves and twelve knives ; and so in regard to
the other articles.
Now, I understand that in fact there is a
book in the stationery-room in which every
Senator is charged with everything that he gets
and nothing more. I do not suppose the officer
having charge of that room would make any
false charges; but the habit has been, as I am
told, to give a knife to every clerk in the body,
to every doorkeeper, to every messenger, and
I believe to every page. While we, therefore,
are apparently responsible for the twelve knives,
none of us, or very rarely, except it be by the
loss of the one we first get, get more than one.
Now, as to the article of gloves, I never heard
that gloves were furnished to Senators except
on the mournful occasion of the funeral here
of some member of this body or the other House.
I think during the last Congress there were but
two occurrences of that kind. Of course no
member of the Senate who attended these fune-
rals—and tbey are not always attended by every
member—got more than two pairs of gloves on
those two occasions; but yet the charge to
which I have referred is made.
I think my friend from Maine is perfectly
right in saying that the matter should be placed
in the hands of some officer subject to the
absolute authority of the Senate, and under
regulations which will insure against the pur-
chase of a great many more articles of station-
ery than the wants of the Senate require. There
are a great many articles in the stationery-
room which Senators do not want, and I am
sure do not desire to have, although it may
be true that when they get there some of them
may think proper to make a request to be
furnished with them.
As to our right to have stationery, I suppose
there is no difference of opinion among us on
that subject; and the only question is whether
we shall get the stationery in the way in which
we shall get it if the amendment suggested by my
friend from New York be adopted,or whether we
shall get it in the way we have got it all along.
It is not expected that we are to buy our own
stationery. Nobody proposes that; and no
gentleman of the Senate, I imagine, will think
of using more stationery than he wants for the
public business intrusted to his hands. I do
not see why the Senate cannot appoint an
agent to purchase and distribute the stationery
to Senators as they call for it. In that way we
shall diminish the expense of an unnecessary
amount of stationery being purchased under
the present management and will at the present
time place ourselves in a situation before the
country from which it will be seen that the
stationery that we get we get merely for the
purpose of discharging our public duty. I am
therefore against the amendment offered by
the honorablemember from Minnesota, for I am
unwilling by such a vote as that to admit that the
; Senate of the United States cannot be intrusted
■with the right to secure such stationery as they
may want under the idea that if they have the
right to procure stationery they will procure
stationery that they do not want for the pur-
pose of some individual object of their own.
Mr. WILLIAMS. While I was chairman
of the Committee on the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate I looked into this business and
examined the books of the stationery clerk
with a view of devising some scheme by which
such abuses as had grown up might be rem-
edied. I found that the Senators during a ses-
sion had drawn stationery estimated at from
one hundred to four hundred dollars. I think
no Senator drew stationery exceeding in
amount four hundred dollars, according to the
statement that I received from the stationery
clerk. I conceived a plan in reference to the
stationery-room which I should have submitted
to the Senate if I had continued chairman of
that committee. I think there ought to be a
separate officer elected by the Senate to take
charge of the stationery; and that be ought to
make his purchases under the direction of some
committee of the Senate; and that when he
S makes his purchases they should be entered
upon a book with the value of each article and
the aggregate value of the whole purchase;
and then that each Senator, when he drew
articles from the stationery-room, should be
charged not alone with said articles, but also
with the value of the article; and then you
could determine the exact amount in value
which each Senator drew from the stationery-
room. I should have proposed that a limitation
be placed upon the right of a Senator to use
stationery ; that he should not be allowed to
! draw from the stationery-room an amount
exceeding in value, say $125 per annum, that
he should be at liberty to take that amount in
any sort of stationery that suited him; and
that also there should be a limitation upon the
respective committees of the Senate; each
committee should only be allowed to draw a
certain amount in value ; and in that way it
seems to me that the evils which have been
complained of might be prevented or remedied.
Now, there is a book kept in the stationery-
room, and every article that a Senator takes is
charged to liim; but there is no value attached
to the article on that book, and it is impossible
! to tell how much a Senator obtains. Go there
| and examine that book, and you find that a
Senator is charged with a variety of articles
but no prices are affixed, and it is difficult to
tell without a thorough examination what is
the amount each Senator draws. But accord-
ing to the plan that I should have proposed,
when a Senator had obtained in value $125, or
any other sum that might have been fixed by a
resolution of the Senate, his right to obtain
more would be cut off. It seems to me, as we
have a select committee, at whose head stands
the former distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, that this subject ought to
be submitted to that committee. I am opposed
to and shall vote against any law to regulate
the expenditures of both Houses in reference
to this subject. I think the House of Repre-
sentatives ought to regulate its own stationery
business and the Senate regulate its own busi-
ness in that respect, because a general rule
made applicable to each member of both
Houses may operate oppressively and unjustly
in many cases.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. It is that this debate be in-
formally laid aside until we can take a vote on
the proposition to repeal the cotton tax.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have but little more to
say. I think this matter ought to be left in
