100
APPENDIX TO- THE {50NGRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. 'op Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Boniwell.
40th Cons. .. .2i  Sess.
Prance, to fill his dungeons with victims whose
•only offense'was their love of country, and to
send uncouttfed thousands to die in exile—a
fate infinitely worse than sudden death. He
was able, by these means, to usurp supreme
power, and," clambering over the ruins, the
constitution, the liberties of the pebple, slaugh-
tered thousands of French patriots to seat
himself on the throne of his bastard empire,
where he still sits the unquestioned despot.
But Louis Napcdeon was a man of genius, and
he was surrounded and sustained by a set of
ambitious military chieftains, willing to be his
tools—'' To bow the pregnant hinges of the
knee where thriftwonld follow fawning." And
he and they bad a mercenary army to obey and
execrite their bloody edicts.
I kncfw, sir, the President has told thecoun-
try that he could have followed this example
and made himself Dictator. I do not know
that he has come to the conclusion at last
to make the attempt. I know he has been
(Salted upon through his partisan press to do so.
I1 do not know but those who surround him may
have kept this bright example before him until
-his reason has been disturbed and he fancies
the prize within his grasps. If such is the case
he is simply an object of pity. I have never
had an nnkind feeling toward the President. I
have- no private grievances. I would to-day
give the best year of the few remaining of my
life if I could, with safety to the country, stop
this proceeding and blot out the shame to my
country. But this cannot be.
But, sir, fortunately for our country, if any
•such scheme has been meditated, the President
is not Napoleon. Grant and Sherman and
Thomas and Sheridan and Pope and Meade and
Schofield and the rest of our immortal heroes
are not the tools Napoleon had to work with.
And, last of all, the loyal millions of free Ameri-
can citizens are not the stuff that slaves are
made of. There will be no coup d'etat I
But, sir, a citadel may be mined as well as
taketi by stoi-m. And those who have failed
in their bold and bloody attack upon the citadel
of the Republic and still cherish their hatred,
by allying themselves with others of like sym-
pathies, are mining beneath you to-day. And,
sir, I am compelled, regretfully as I am forced
to the conclusion, to believe that, our President
is engineering the desperate work.
Mr. Speaker, I have no time in the few min-
utes allotted to me to enter upon the discus-
sion, and close by saying that, however un-
pleasant the duty, I must vote for the resolu-
tion.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. G. 8. BOUTWELL,
• of massachusetts,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr,, BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, it would
not be strange if there were those in the House
and the country who have reached the conclu-
sion that, upon the subject of the impeachment
of the President, I have on former occasions
exhibited an unwonted <legreeof zeal, mingled
possibly with rashness. Heretofore I have
endeavored to do what it is my purpose to do
on this occasion. I shall follow the dictates
of my judgment upon the most solemn question
winch has been presented to this country dur-
ing its existence.
But, sir, 1 do not hesitate to say what I be-
lieve is due to this House, that this is a more
fortunate moment for the consummation of a
great act of public justice than the former occa-
sion when I pressed the subject upon the atten-
tion of this body and the country with more
zeal than I can now command. I had followed
the windings and the machinations of the Presi-
dent for nearly twelve months. I had studied
his character, with the advantageof greater op-
portunities thai! most of my associates here
possessed, and I had endeavored to ascertain,
as well as I might, the ultimate purpose which
he had in view. Having become convinced,
from the testimony presented to the House and
the country, and from other circumstances
which were known to me upon evidence which
I was not permitted upon my conscience
and judgment to question, that he was guilty
of purposes not disclosed upon the printed
page, I could not hesitate in reaching the
conclusion that upon the report of the majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary, Andrew
Johnson was, in contemplation of the Consti-
tution, guilty of high crimes and misdemean-
ors. But I saw then what I see with more
clearness now, that it was not possible to
arraign, to try, to convict the Chief Magistrate
of a country like this, unless that proceeding
were sustained by the judgment of the House
of Representatives, of the Senate, and of the
country. I cannot speak of the Senate, but by
the House of Representatives and by the coun-
try such demonstrations have already been
made as must satisfy us that there is no ques-
tion as to what the judgment of the House is
to be here and now, or that that judgment is
finally to be sustained by the judgment of the
Senate.
His crime is presented to us to-day in two
forms, based, however, upon the same facts.
First, he is guilty of having violated the Con-
stitution and his oath of office, by which he
pledged himself to the country to sustain the
Constitution in good faith and in all its parts.
If he has violated the Constitution he is guilty
of the highest crime for the purposes of im-
peachment of which he could be guilty. In
sustaining the position that he is so guilty I
shall be obliged to refer, but with great brevity
and only for the purpose of stating a view of
the question which has not been presented, to
the provisions of the Constitution upon this
subject.
It is provided, in reference to the President,
in the second section of article two of tho Con-
stitution, that—
"lie shall have power, by and with tho advice and
conscnt of tho Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and byand with the advice and eon-
sent of tho Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supremo
Court, and all other officers of tho United States,
whose appointments are not herein 0therwi30 pro-
vided for, and which shall bo established by law.
" The President shall have power to till up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions, which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
It is clear from the text of the Constitution,
as well as from all the commentaries thereon,
from its adoption to the present day, that there
is here no power to remove from office. The
power is to appoint. Under the first clause
of the constitutional provision I have read the
power to appoint can bo exercised by the
.President only upon a given condition, and
that is, the Senate being in session, that the
Senate concur in the appointment, which of
itself works a removal from office of the pre-
vious incumbent.
All the authorities are to the point that the
power of removal is in the President and that
the proceeding cannot be initiated by any other
officer or branch of the Government; but it is
a power to be exercised only by the concur-
rent action of the Senate sustaining the ap-
pointment which, when so sustained, in itself
supersedes the officer who previously held the
place and he is thereby removed. Can any-
thing be plainer than the proposition that
when the President of the U nited States laid
his hand upon the Secretary of War and re-
moved him from office and appointed another
person Secretary of War ad interim, and all
without the adviee and consent of tie Senate
he violated the Constitution and stands upon
his own .confession and upon the record al-
ready condemned ?
Seeondly, he is guilty of a high crime in that
he has violated the tenure-of-office act. An ex-
amination will show that he is guilty whether
the tenure-of-offiee act be unconstitutional, as
claimed by his friends, or whether it be con-
stitutional. An examination of the first sec-
tion of the tenure-of-office act will show it
covers all time, as well when the Senate is in
session as when the Senate is not in session.
When the Senate is in session the operation
of the tenure-of-office act is in strict accord-
ance with the provision of the Constitution
which I have already read. If the tenure-of-
office act had never been passed it would still
have been unconstitutional for the President,
during the session of the Senate, to have
removed Mr. Stanton or any other officer
appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate without obtaining such advice
and consent.
I beg the indulgence of the House while I
read that first section. It is as follows :
"That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter bo appointed to any sueli office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such ofliee until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That thcSecretariesof State, ofthe Treasury, of War,
of the lNavy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster
(General, and tho Attorney General, shall hold their
offices respectively for and during tho term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed
a.nd for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with tho advice and consent of the Senate/'
Assume that the tenure-of-office act is uncon-
stitutional in that it does not allow the Presi-
dent to remove an officer when the Senate is
not in session, yet it must be admitted that
if the tenure-of-office act were not in existence
the President could not, under the Constitu-
tion, have removed Mr. Stanton during the
session of the Senate without first submitting
his successor to the Senate and securing the
approval of that body of the nomination thus
made. To this extent, then, the tenure-of-
office act is but an affirmation of the constitu-
tional provision that I have read.
In the tenure-of-offiee act we have done that
further, also, which we had a perfect right to
do, imposed a penalty declaring its violation to
be a misdemeanor puuishable with fine and
imprisonment. Under and by this act, there-
fore, a violation of the Constitution in the par-
ticular stated, is a high misdemeanor indictable
and impeachable. The President has made
himself amenable for a violation of the Consti-
tution, and in that particular lie is subject to the
penalties imposed upon him by the sixth sec-
tion of the tenure-of-office act. So, sir, what-
ever theory of law may be entertained in this
House or country, he is still convicted on the
facts before the House and country of having
violated the Constitution, of having violated the
tenure-of-office act where it reaffirms the pro-
vision of the Constitution, and made himself
subject to the penalty imposed upon him.
Consequently, he is amenably to that provision
of the Constitution which enables this House
to arraign him and bring him before the Senate
for trial ; and if there convicted and adjudged
guilty, the Senate will remove him from office,
and may declare him forever incapable of hold-
ing any office ot honor, profit, or trust m the
United States.
1 proceed now to call the attention of the
House to tiie constitutional meaning of the
'j1?™1 !5s(?d in the tenure-of-office net.
\,e, . " Constitution itself the definition
; ot tins word. It is by no means doubtful. I
understand from the discussion that the friends
of the President, claim that Mr. Stanton was
serving as Secretary of War in the term of Mr.
Johnson. Mr, Johnson, by the Constitution,
I has himself no term as President of the Uni-
il ted States. Tho word "term" ift defined in
