8708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
The SPEAKER. It can, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object to dispensing with the morning hour
to-morrow.
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts objects to the morning hour to-mor-
row being dispensed with. If that objection
be insisted on, the House cannot go into Com-
mittee of the Whole till after the morning
hour. All these appropriation bills are made
special orders after the morning hour.
Mr. WA.SH13UKNK, of Illinois. It was a
pait of my proposition that the House should
meet at eleven o'clock, and at once go into
Committee of the Whole on the deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman modified
his proposition to meet the views of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wasiircrn;] and
the Oliuir stated that the hour of meeting to-
morrow morning would be eleven o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Massachusetts. Iam
willing that the House shall meet at cloven
o'clock; but. to-morrow being private bill day,
I am not willing to give up the morning hour.
Mr. BIjAINK. Is not that objection entirely
too I ale ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
not, because in putting to the House the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Illinois the Chair
did not. state that if it were adopted the morn-
ing hour would be dispensed with.
Mr. BLAINK. Well, at any rate, we gain
an hour by meeting at eleven o'clock. 1 move
the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at five o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial from William
Cornell Jewett, urging payment for Alaska as
a national measure to protect the national
honor, and as a people's appreciation—with-
out regard to party—of the life-long public ser-
vices of Hon. VV. H. Seward, and his foresight
in acquiring territory near American Pacific
possessions, destined to surpass the Old and
New World in civilization, commerce, and
cities.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition signed by
over 30.000 of the business citizens of New
York city, respectfully asking for speedy action
in the passage of the bill and the appropriation
for the construction of the building for the new
post office and United States courts in that
city, and recommending the adoption of the
report of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, submitted to the honorable House
of Representatives June 10, 1808.
By Mr. JUL>I). The petition of Z. M. Hall,
asking the refunding of tonnage tax paid in
error.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Thomas
Stangerand 47 others, glass-workers in Glass-
boro, New .Jersey, complaining of the depres-
sion of industry, and praying for such addi-
tional protective duties as will revive manufac-
tures and restore prosperity to the country.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of James
Hinds, for enactment of a law for distribution
of arms to militia.
IN SENATE.
PuiBAif, Jul}/ 3, 1808.
Prayer by Kev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
ADJOURNMENT FOU FOURTH OF JULY.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, to-mor-
row being the anniversary of the birth of the
nation, I move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it that motion
ought not to be put until there are more mem-
bers present.
Mr. JOHNSON. We always adjourn over
the Fourth of July.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not always. I
remember that Congress met together on the
last Fourth, zftid I think we were in session
all day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the motion lie over
for the time being.
Tlio PRUS1DE NT pro tempore.. The Chair
understands the motion to be withdrawn.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WELCH presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Jacksonville, Florida, pray-
ing an appropriation for the purpose of opening
the mouth of the St,. John's river, Vlorida;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that
pensions be granted the soldiers and sailors and
j the widows of soldiers and sailors of the war
of 181'2 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
William Cornell J ewett, protesting against
that portion of the report of the Committee on
.Retrenchment proposing to rank the mission
to Austria second class, &nd that to Belgium
and that to Holland as first class; which was
ordered to lie 011 the table.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented petitions of
journeymen cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars of the first and second congressional
districts of Pennsylvania, praying that a tax
of five dollars per thousand be imposed 011
domestic cigars, and that the tariff on imported
cigais may remain unchanged; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CIIAGIN presented the memorial of
Junius Boyle, commodore United States Navy
on the retired list, praying to be restored to
the active list; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Z. Jackson, of Colorado, in relation to the
charges on freight on the Union Pacific rail-
road, eastern division; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. MeCREEHY presented a memorial of
citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, protesting
against the prohibition of the export of distilled
spirits; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PEONAGE IN NEW MEXICO.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a proclamation of the acting Gov-
ernor of the Territory of New Mexico, in
relation to holding peons in bondage and
involuntary servitude in violation of the laws;
which was referred to the Co.mmittee on Terri-
tories.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES,
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
iho bill (S. No. 632) to incorporate the Union-
town and Washington City Railroad Company
in the District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, reported a bill
(S. No. 589) to establish certain post roads ;
which was read, and passed to aseeond reading.
Mr. HOWARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific liailroad, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 73) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the city of Lawrence, in the
State of Kansas, to the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, in the direction
of the city of Guayamas, on the Gulf of Cali-
fornia, to report it with amendments. In con-
nection with that bill I ask the Senate to receive
and order to be printed a copy of a bill now
pending in the congress of Mexico for the
construction of a railroad through that repub-
lic, so as to connect with the Hue mentioned
in the bill which I have just reported. I move
that it be printed for the information of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
FUNDING AND TAX BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill
(II. R. No. 1284) to change and more effect-
ually secure the collection of internal taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks, with amendments. The amend-
ments will, of course, be printed; and now,
in order to fix the order of business, I submit
the following order:
Ordered, That on Monday next at one o'clock Sen-
ate bill No. 207, and also House bill No. 1284, shall be
the spccial orders, and continue as such iron* day to"*
day until tliey are disposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand one of those
to be the tax hill. What is the other?
Mr. SHERMAN. The funding bill. It is
to make the funding bill and the tax bill spe-
cial orders. 1 desire to do it so as not to have
any struggle about the order of business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to facilitate busi-
ness, I ask the Senate to allow me to take up
for a moment Senate bill No. 207, with a view
to have the amendment that I offered the other
day to the civil appropriation bill printed as an
amendment to that bill, as Senators may want
copies of it. 1 ask that Senate bill No. 207 be
taken up for a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 207) for
funding the national debt and for the conver-
sion of the notes of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the substitute
that I offered to the bill, and offer the follow-
ing in lieu of it, which I ask to have printed:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue coupon or registered bonds of the
United States in such form aud of such denomina-
tions as he may pre eribe, redeemable in coin at the
pleasuie of the United States, after twenty, thirty,
and fortyyears, respectively, and bearing the follow-
ing rates of yearly interest, payable semi-annually
in coin, that is to say: the issue of bonds falling duo
111 twenty years shall bear mterost at five percent.;
bonds falling due in thirty years shall bear interest
at tour and a bait per cent.; and bonds falling duem
forty years shall bear interest at four per cent., which
said boiuh shall beexemptlrom taxation in any form
by or under State, municipal, or local authoiity, and
the same and the interest thereon, and the income
therefrom, shall be exempt from the payment of all
tnxca or dutieb to the United States, other than such
income tax as may be assessed upon other incomes;
and the said bonds and the proceeds thereof shal l be
exclusively used for the redemption, payment, or
purchase of, or exchange for. an equal amount of any
of the present interest-bearing debt of the Unit«d
States, otlrer than the existing five percent, bonds
and the three per cent, certificates, and may be issued
to ail.amount,intheaggregate.sufficientto cover the
principal of all outstanding or existing obligations
a  limited heiein, and no more, but not to oxceed
$700,01)0,000, shall be of the i&euc redeemable in twenty
ycais.
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That there is
hereby appropriated out of the duties derived irom
imported goods the sum of $135,000,000 annually,
which sum, during each fiscal year, shall be applied
to the payment of the intci est and to the reduction
of the principal of the public dcbi, in such a manner
as may be determined by the Secrctaiy of the Treas-
ury, or as Congress may hereafter direct; and such
reduction shail be iu heu of the sinking fund con-
templated by the fifth section of the aet entitled
An act to authorize the iss-ucof United States notes
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and for
funding tho floating debt of the Uuited States,"
approved Tebruary 25,1802.
Si:C. —. And be it further enacted, That the holder
of any lawful money of the United States, to tho
amount of $1,000, or any multiple of may con-
vert the samo into bonds for an equal amount, au-
thorized by the first section of this act. under fauch
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy may prescribe: and si.ny holder of any of the
bonds provided for in the firatsectionof thu? act may
^icsenr, the same to the Treasurer ot the United
States and demand lawful money of the United
states for the principal and accruing interest thereon,
and the Treasurer shall redeem the same in iavriui
inoney of the United States, unless the amount of
United States notes then outstanding shall bo oc^iia!
to §100,000,000; and such bond shall notbeso redeem-
able after tiie United States have resumed the pay-
ment of coin for their notes.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That any eon-
tract hereafter made specifically payable in coin
shall be legal and valid, and may be enforced ac*
cording to its term5;, anything in the several acts
relating to United States notes to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
