1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SERVICE
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
from the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment, submitted the following resolution ; !
which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing :
Resolved, That four thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Retrenchment upon tho
diplomatic and consular service of the United States
be printed for the use of the Senate.
JOHN SEDGWICK.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 90.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 00) for the relief of John
■ Sedgwick, collector of internal revenue third
district California, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to John
Sedgwick, collector of internal revenue for the
third district of California, the sum of $3,500,
or so much thereof as the proper accounting
officer shall, from satisfactory vouchers, deter-
mine necessary to secure him a salary of that
amount for the fiscal year ending June 30,1804,
in addition to the amount he necessarily paid
out, in currency, in the discharge of his official
dulies for that year.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
AMERICAN STEAM LINE TO EUROPE.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 939.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 939) to provide
for an American line of mail and emigrant
passenger steamships between New York and
one or more European ports.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
At the conclusion of the reading of the fourth
section,
Mr. CONNESS. At this point I desire to
say that I should like to have that bill laid
over at least for a day. It was reported by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
when I did not happen to be present. Per-
haps that is my own fault, though when 1 am
able I am generally at my post.
Mr. POMEUOY. If the Senator will allow
the reading of the bill to be concluded, then,
if he desires it, it may go over.
Mr. CONNESS. It is scarcely worth while
to consume any more time with it if we desire
it laid over for examination. It presents at
least a very complicated scheme of putting an
American line of ships upon the Atlantic ocean.
There is no tnan in the Union more in favor
of having our mails carried in our own ships
than I am ; but this is a peculiar measure, and
I want an opportunity to consider it before it
is further acted upon. I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will with-
draw his motion and let the bill be read, it is
all I ask to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; I will do that.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is but a section or
two moi e to read.
Mr. MORGAN. I think the Senator from
California is right. I do not think it is worth
while to spend the time of the Senate in read-
ing this bill now. I move that its further read-
ing be dispensed with, and that it be postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill will be
read through.
The reading of the bill was concluded.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, if the Senator from
New York or "the Senator from California j
wishes to look further into it, I am willing that ]
the bill shall lie over, and I move to postpone
its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE IN BOSTON HARBOR.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the joint ,
resolution (II. R. No. 321} in relation to the I
erection of a bridge in Boston harbor, have
directed me to report it back and ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Navy
to detail two competent and impartial officers
of the Navy, and the Secretary of War to
detail a competent and impartial officer of the
engineer corps, who shall compose a commis-
sion, whose duty it shall be to make careful
examination of the harbor of Bpston, and to
report to Congress, at its next session, in what
manner the commerce of that harbor and the
interests of the United States in the navy-yard
at Charlestown will be affected by the con-
struction of a bridge over the water between the
main land in the city of Boston and East Bos-
ton in the manner provided in an act of the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts enti-
tled "An act to incorporate the Maverick
Bridge Company;" and it provides that no
bridge shall be erected by that company across
that water until the assent of Congress shall
be given thereto.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
reported that resolution, I understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Y'es, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. A suggestion was made to
me by a party in interest that there should be
two commissioners appointed by the War De-
partment as well as two by the Navy Depart-
ment. By the resolution there are to be two
from the Navy Department and only one from
the War Department. It was thought by this
gentleman that the interests of all concerned
would be better consulted if there were two
from each Department. I should like to sub-
mit that suggestion for the consideration of my
friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think if the
Senator reflects he will see that there can be
no importance attached to that for this reason :
that there are no adverse interests represented
by possibility on this commission. The com-
mission is to represent the War Department
and the Navy Department. They can have
but one interest, which is the general interest
of the Government, and they are of course, in
presumption of law, entirely disinterested; and
then it is the examination of a general fact
with reference to the interests of the Govern-
ment and tho interests of commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I will not make any motion
against the desires of my friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TAX COMMISSIONERS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 504. It is in reference to the direct
tax commissioners in Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 504) for the relief of Hulings Cowper-
thwaite and Enoch II. Vance, and for other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause, in these words :
That all the acts and proceedings of tho said
JIulings Cowpci thwaite, and the said Enoch II. Vance,
as sufli tax commissioners for the State of Arkansas,
and all acts and proceedings done by them or either
of them undercolor of authority under said act of
J une 7,1862, or acts amendatory thereof, or of their
assessments as such tax commissioners, are hereby
ratified, confirmed, and localized, and shall have tho
same force and eiloct, and be valid in all respects and
for all and every purposes, as if said acts and pro-
ceedings had been done and performed by a board
of three commissioners properly appointed and con-
stituted and'acting in conjunction as contemplated
by said act.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
That the acts and proceedings which have heen had
or performed by any two of tho tax commissioners in
and for tho State of Arkansas, shall have the same
l'orcc and effect as if hod and perlormed by all three
of said commissionots.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
preamble stricken out. I do not/know whether
that comes after the passage of the bill or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is now in order.
Mr. STEWART. I move, then, to strike
out the preamble, in these words:
Whereas Hulings Cowperthwaito and Enoch H.
Va,nce, direct tax commissioners for the State of
Arkansas, under the act of June 7, 1862, acted as
such tax commissioners from January 1,1865, until
May 25,1865, without the presence or concurrence of
a , commissioner as contemplated by said act.
and the Government of tlieUnitcd States recognized
thcfir acts as such commissioners during said period:
Iherofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read : "A bill con-
cerning the tax commissioners of the State of
Arkansas."
•JUDGES OF WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 487.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 487) to disapprove an act of the Legislative
Assembly of Washington Territory redisricting
the Territory and reassigning the judges thereto
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
disapprove the act of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Washington, approved Jan-
uary 25, 18G8, entitled "An act defining the
several judicial districts of the Territory and
assigning the judges thereto."
Mr. DAVIS. I should like the Senator from
Oregon to give some reason why that measure
of the territorial Legislature should be disap-
proved, why we should pass this bill ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed the honorable
Senator was informed on that subject, as the
bill has been considered and reported by the
Committee on Territories, of which he is a
member; but perhaps he was absent at the
time. I will simply state that the Legislative
Assembly of Washington Territory have passed
an act by which they have put pretty much all
the Territory into one judicial district with the
design to legislate so far as practicable the
other judges out of office. It is entirely incon-
venient to the people and unjust to the other
judges. It was produced by some feeling of
personal heat or political prejudice, or some-
thing of that kind, and the act of the Legisla-
ture ought to be disapproved.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT FOR FOURTH OF JULY.
Mr. JOHNSON. I renew the motion I
offered a few minutes ago, that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next, to-morrow being the anniversary of our
independence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that motion will
not, be agreed to at this time. There is import-
ant business on the Calendar which, if not fin-
ished to-day, I shall ask the Senate to sit
to-morrow and finish. At a later stage in the
proceedings possibly I should have no objec-
tion : but now I hope the motion will not be
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before this vote is taken,
I wish to appeal to my political friends, to ask
| them not to adopt this motion at this time.
We are coming near to the end of the session.
There is important legislation of a political
character on the table, which is to be consid-
ered to-day, I hope, which may not be finished.
There are many other bills that ofight to be
considered to-day or to-morrow, in charge of
i my friend from Iowa, [Mr. HakLAN.] On
