1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
Edwin M. Stanton, a letter in substance as follows,
to wit:
Executive Mansion",
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868,
Sis: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in mc as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon receipt of
this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON,
lion. Edwin M. Stanton, Washington?#. C.
And also at said city of Washington, in said
District of Columbia, on said 21st day of February,
A. D. 1868, by writing, signing, and delivering to one
Lorenzo Thomas a letter purporting to be a letter
of authority, in substance as follows, to wit:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Department
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will imme-
diately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr, Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet MajorGeneralLoRENZO Thomas, Adjutant
General United, States Army, Washington, D. 61
Attempted to create a vacancy in the office of Sec-
retary of Warwithoutwarranttherefor, either bythe
Constitution or laws, and with the samo willful and
criminal intent and design as aforesaid attempted to
fill thosupposed vacancy thus unlawfully sought to be
created by the actual appointinentof the said Lorenzo
Thomas as Secretary of War ad interim, when no
vacancy had in law or in factoccurred within the true
meaning and intent of the Constitution and laws,
and without the advico and consent of the Senate of
the United States, then in session, and thereupon did
induce and persuade and undertake to authorize the
said Thomas, by the letter aforesaid, and by other
communications with him, the said Thomas, to at-
tempt to enter upon the performance of the duties
of the office of Secretary of War ad interim, and
did thereby cause him to undertake to perform the
duties of said office, contrary to law, and by force
to prevent, hinder, and delay the execution of the
laws of the United States hereinbefore referred to,
and did cause him, the said Thomas, to attempt by
force to seize, take, and possess the property of tho
United States m and under the control of the Depart-
ment of War, against the will and contrary to the
authority of the United States, and did cause him,
the said Thomas, and in conspiracy with him, con-
trary to the statute aforesaid, did join with him to
prevent the said Edwin M. Stanton from holding the
office of Secretary of War as aforesaid, and did thereby
undertake to^ assume and exercise the functions of
Comuiauder-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States, and to issue orders as such Commander-in-
Chief, and to conspire with the said Lorenzo Thomas
and others to have such pretended letters of author-
ity obeyed as lawful orders, not only without warrant
of law, but contrary to the provisions of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, as herein set
forth, and with the unlawful and criminal intent on
the part of said Andrew Johnson, as President of the
United States, to obstruct, delay, and hinder the ex-
ecution ol the laws as aforesaid, and to assume a
power ^nd discretion not authorized bythe Consti-
tution andlawsof theUnifed States, whereby hethen
and there in manner aforesaid has been guilty of a
high crime in office.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. I wish to know whether,
if the House refuses to second the previous
question, it will not be in order to move a ref-
erence of this article to the committee on im-
peachment?
The SPEAKER. There is no committee
on impeachment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I mean the managers.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
The question was put on seconding tlie
previous question, and there were—ayes 35,
noes 69.
So the House refused to second tlie previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the article
be referred to the managers.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 351) for the relief
of George Henry Preble, a captain in the Navy
of the United States, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. BINGHAM; I offer the following res-
olution, upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That tho House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole and attend the managers
appointed by tho House to the Senate to present by
its managers the articles of impeachment exhibited
by the House against Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. LA WREN OK, of Ohio. I desire to ask
a parliamentary question. Ifthe previous ques-
tion should not be seconded, will it be in order
for me to move to strike out all after the word
"resolved" and to insert the resolution I had
read a few minutes since?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has already been seconded, so that no amend-
ment is now in order.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
The SPEAKER. In the absence of the
senior member of the House, Mr. Washbckxe,
of Illinois, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
Mr. Dawes, will please take thechair in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Committee of the
Whole, preceded by its chairman, who will be
supported by the Clerk and Doorkeeper, will
follow the managers to the Senate Chamber.
Accordingly, atone o'clockp. m., the House,
as in the Committee of the Whole, preceded by
its chairman, Mr. Dawes, who was supported
by the Clerk and Doorkeeper of the House, fol-
lowed the managers of the House to the Senate
Chamber.
[For proceedings while absent from the Hall
of the House see Senate proceedings.]
At ten minutes before two o'clock p.m.,
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall of the House.
The SPEAKER having resumed thechair,
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of the
Whole, made the following report:
Mr. Speaker: The House in the Committee
of the Whole, by order of the House, have ac-
companied their managers to the Senate while
they presented, in the name of the House of
Representatives and of all the people of the
United States, articles of impeachment agreed
upon by the House against Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States. The Presi-
dent of the Senate announced that the Senate
would take order in the premises, of which due
notice would be given to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The SPEAKER. The report of the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole will be
recorded upon the Journal of the House.
Mr. LAPLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the articles
of impeachment, with the testimony submitted,
against Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, adopted by the House, be printed for the use
of the House.
report on commercial relations.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, also submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That five hundred extra copies of tho
report on the commercial relations of the United
States with foreign nations for the last current year
be printed for the use of tho State Department.
trial 01' american citizens abroad.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That that portion of the answer from the
State Department to the resolution of the House of
the 25th of November, 18(57, calling for information
in relation to the trial and conviction of American
citizens in Great Britain and Ireland, now in the
hands of the Congressional Printer, be printed, until
further order by the House.
report on internal revenue.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printedsix thousand extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, two thousand for the useof thollouso, and'
four thousand for tho use of tho offiec of internal rev
enue.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vari-
ous votes by- which the resolutions reported
from the Committee on Printing were adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
promulgation of tue laws.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table, for consider-
ation at this time, the bill of the Senate No.
237, in relation to the promulgation of the laws
of the United States. I will state that this is
a bill against which I am sure there can be no
objection. It passed the Senate by a unani-
mous vote. It is absolutely necessary, in order
to obviate certain difficulties that have arisen
under present laws upon the subject.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that from and after the passage of
this act it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State to furnish the Congressional Printer
with a correct copy of every act and joint reso-
lution as soon as possible after its approval by
the President of the United States, or after it
shall have become a law in accordance with
the Constitution without such approval; and
that so much of section seven of the act entitled
"Anact to expedite and regulate the printing
of tho public documents, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 25, 1804, as requires
the Secretary of the Senate to furnish such
copy, be repealed.
The second section provides that the Con-
gressional Printer, on receipt of the copy pro-
vided for in the foregoing section, shall in
every case immediately cause an accurate
printed copy of the actor resolution, as it shall
have been furnished to him, to be prepared and
sent in duplicate to the Secretary of State for
revision, and on return of one of the revised
duplicates the Congressional Printer shall at
once have the marked corrections made, should
there be any, and cause to be printed and sent
to the Department of Slate fifty copies, and
also cause to be printed separately the usual
number for the use of the two Houses of Con-
gress. On request of the Secretary of State
the Congressional Printer is to furnish to the
Department of State any additional number of
copies of an act or resolution, not exceeding
five hundred copies.
The third section enacts that it shall be tlie
duty of the Secretary of State to transmit to the
Congressional Printer, at the beginning of each
session of Congress, and thereafter when neces-
sary, a list of all newspapers authorized by law
to publish the laws oi' the United States, with
their respective post offices, so far as the same
shall have been communicated to him by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives: and it
shall be the duty of the Congressional Printer,
on the printing of each act oj resolution, ex-
cepting those which are of a private character,
and which shall be so designated by the Secre-
tary of State, to transmit a copy thereof to
each of the editors of such newspapers for
prompt publication ; and the number of copies
of the public acts and resolutions requisite for
this purpose are authorized and required to be
printed ; and all letters and documents to and
from the Congressional Printer, relating to the
duties and business of his office are to be trans-
mitted by mail, free of postage.
In the fourth section it is provided that all
the provisions of this act which apply to public
acts and resolutions shalS in like manner ap-
ply to treaties between the Government of the
United States and foreign Governments, after
they shall have been duly ratified and pro-
claimed by the President of the United States;
and shall also apply to postal conventions
made between the Postmaster General, by and
with the advice and consent of the President,
on the part of the United States, and equiva-
lent officers of foreign Governments on the
part of their respective countries, under the
authority of the second suction of the act en-
titled "An act to reduce and modify the rates
