186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
second best in the bargain ? Bat this is a con-
tract between the Cherokee tribe of Indians
and the United States under that treaty, which
provided that these lands should be ceded to
the United States, and that they should be
appraised by two appraisers, one to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior, the other by
the Cherokee national council. It seems to me
we ought in good faith to make the necessary
appropriation to carry out that provision.
Mr. VAN HORN, ef Missouri. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move_ to
amend the proposed amendment by adding
the following:
Provided, That the Cherokee neutral lands shall
not be sold or conveycd except in such manner as
may hereafter be provided by act of Congress.
Mr. YAN HORN, of Missouri. I rise to a
question of order, that this amendment is not
in order, as it proposes new legislation. It
provides for the sale of lands that do not
belong to the Government, lands -which it
never owned.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I propose to
discuss that question. The treaty now before
the Senate proposes to make a sale of the
lands.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. How can
we provide for the sale of property that does
not belong to the Government? The amend-
ment proposes new legislation, and is not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is not in order. It proposes
new legislation affecting the sale ofthe public
lands, and cannot be added to an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then I renew
the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Van Horn,] in order that I may
finish the remarks which I propose to make.
Mr. Chairman, I had the privilege this morn-
ing of reading the new treaty, as I have already
remarked, which was concluded on the 27th
of April, 1868, between the United States and
these Cherokee Indians. It provides for the
confirmation of the contract which Mr. Har-
lan, when Secretary of the Interior, made with
the American Emigrant Company, and which
was transferred by that company to Joy. He
thereby escapes the terms of the contract he
made with Secretary Browning, by which he
was required to pay $800,000 cash down, and
secures to himself nine years' time to make
payment. In addition to that, he escapes the
payment of some interest, for under the con-
tract which Joy made with Secretary Brown-
ing he was to pay interest from October 9,
1807 ; but according to this new treaty he is to
pay interest only from the time the treaty is
ratified. This treaty is made subject to three
conditions : first, that within ten days Joy shall
pay $25,000 of the purchase-money ; second,
that the other deferred payments shall be made
as they fall due under the contract with the
American Emigrant Company; and third, that
the actual settlers shall be paid forthe improve-
ments upon these lands, subject to appraise-
ment and payment according to the terms of the
treaty of April 19, 1866.
Now, this is the treaty that is before the
Senate of the United States. I protest against
it, because the Senate has no power to make
any such treaty.
The gentleman from Missouri asks what busi-
ness have we with these lands, and tells us
that they belong to the Cherokee Indians.
Sir, the Cherokee Indians have no valid title
to the lands at all. What is their title? It is
true that a patent was issued to the Cherokee
Indians for these lands on the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1838. By virtue of what authority ?
Under the authority of a treaty only, which,
Without the authority of an act of Congress,
could not authorize a patent to issue convey-
ing away the title of the United States. A
treaty! Just as if the public lands of the
United States, without the consent of this
House, can be transferred by the President
and Senate to these Indians, or to anybody
else. The treaties relied upon are those of
May 6, 1828 ; volume 7, Statutes-at-Large, page
311; treaty of February 14,1833, Statutes, page
414 ; treaty December 29, 1835, Statutes, page
478, and the act of Congress of May 28, 1830;
volume 4 of Statutes, page 411, and articles 2
and 3 of treaty of 29th December, 1835.
Mr. MAYNAED. I ask the gentleman
whether they were not the consideration for
lands of far greater value in Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Tennessee, which were sold by the
United States, and the money put into the
United States Treasury? I ask him whether
he stands here as the Representative of a con-
stituency that will repudiate what was done
by treaty?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Let me make
my speech, and it will not be necessary to ask
such questions. I would observe every obli-
gation of this Government and repudiate none
of them. I would now give to the Cherokee
Indians the full benefit of a perfect title, and,
to make it valid, ratify it by act of Congress.
But I am combating now only the assumption
of a power by the President and Senate by
treaties with Indian tribes to sell the public
lands. The only authority for the exercise of
such power is found in 4 Hamilton's Works,
340; 7 Hamilton's Works, 518, 550; in vol-
ume six, pages 360-2 of Hamilton's History of
the American Republic, and, perhaps, in the
recently decided case of Wilson vs. Wall and
wife in the Supreme Court ofthe United States,
which, however, does not sustain the treaty-
mating power in its monstrous usurpations. I
deuy the assumption of such a right, because
by the Constitution, article four, section three,
it is declared that—
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other property belonging to the
United States."
This is necessarily an exclusive power, and
removes all pretense of a right to dispose of
the public lands by treaty. I cannot now fol-
low the decisions and commentaries on this
clause of the Constitution, nor trace the lim-
itations imposed on the treaty-making power.
But a consideration of them all will show that
it never was designed thai the immense public
domain should be withdrawn fiom the foster-
ing care of legislation, and be at the arbitrary
disposition of the President and Senate. On
the 21st of March I had the honor to discuss
this subject briefly in this House, and to ex-
hibit some of the abuses of the treaty-making
power in the four years preceding January,
1868. If this House is ready to surrender the
power of legislation over the public lands, is
ready to remain quiet while the treaty-making
power is subverting the whole homestead pol-
icy and the homestead laws of Congress, then',
sir, we will have abandoned the great trusts
reposed in our hands. For one I never will.
In addition to the facts I have already pre-
sented to the House on this subject I will read,
for information, the following:
Department of the Interior.^
General La nu Oifice, May 5, 180S.
Sir : I had this morning the honor to receive your
note t>f yesterday covering a printed " schedule
showing sale of Indian trust lands from January 1,
1861, to Jaaury 1, 186S," embracing sales under the
direction of the o/j/ce of Indian ajfair* in the following
reservations, namely, Delaware. Kiekapoo. Ottawa,
' Sac and Fox of Mississippi and Kansas, in the State
of Kansas, Sac and Fox of Missouri, in the State of
Nebraska, Wmnebago, in the State of Minnesota,
and Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas.
In reply to your inquiry as to the character of the
title held by the Indians, whether they had only
ordina-ry Indian occupancy or whether a patent had
been issued to the tribes from the United States, 1
have to state that a patent was limed -.>!December,
383S, in favor of the Cherokee Sat ion, embracing the
neutral lands, but to none other of the tribes mentioned,
our records furnishing no other specific information
touching the points of your inquiry.
It is in place to state that the acts of the General
Land Office, in issuing patents in all such cases, are
purely ministerial, renting upon verified returns
furnished by the office of Indian affairs.
Inclosed is a map of each of theStatesmentioned,
indicating the several reservations named in the
schedule herewith returned.
With great respect, your obedient servant, _
JOS. S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. W. Lawrence, House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
, Office of Indian Aff uss.
Washington, D. C„ May 9,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter or tho 5th instant, in which you refer
to a schedule furnished by this office at your request,
giving certain information in reference to the sale
of Indian reservations during the la-st four years,
and requesting that you be supplied with a statement
of the character oi the title held by the several In-
dian tribes mentioned in said schedule, to tho lands
in question, with references to thy volume and page
of the Statutes-at-Large, on which tho treaties will
be found imder the provisions of which said tribes
acquired their title to said reservations.
lor your information on tho subject I give you
herewith the date and the volume and page of the
Statutes-at-Largo on which said treaties may be
found, as follows, viz:
Delaware—Treaty October B, 1S1R, article two and
supplemental treaty September 24, 1829, Statutes-
at-Large, volume ssven, pages 188 ancl 32)'.
Kiekapoo—Treaty October 24, 1832, article two,
Statutes-at-Large, volume seven, page 391.
Ottawa—Treaty August 30, 1831, article three,
Statutes-at-Large. volume seven, page 359.
Sao and k'ox of Mississippi—Treaty Otitober 11,
1842, article two, section one, Statutes-at-Large, vol-
ume seven, page 596.
ttac and Fox of Missouri—Treaty September 17,
1 H3o, article two, Statutes-at-Large, volume seven,
pa?e 511; and treaty May 18,1854, article one, Stat-
utes-at-Large, volume ten, page 1074.
Winnebago—Treaty October 13,1816, article three,
Statutes-at-Largo. volume nine, page 878.
Cherokee Neutral—Treaty December 29,1835, arti-
cle two, Statutes-at-Large, volume seven, page 478;
and also referyou to an aetof Congress approved May
28.1830, Statutes-at-Large, volume four, page 411.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHAKLES K. MIX,
Acting Lbmmisnoner.
lion. William Lawkexce, Home of Representatives.
I present these, in part,, to show that for the
last four years the public lands which have
been sold by virtue of treaties with the Indian
tribes, without the authority of any act of Con-
gress, were lands the title to which was ad-
mitted to be in the United States except in the
single instance of the Cherokee neutral lands.
These were conveyed by patent to the Indians,
but only under the authority of a treaty which
could not confer a title. I know the act of
Congress of May 28, 1830, is relied upon as
authorizing the patent in that case. But in
that act it is expressly provided as to all lands
set apart to the Indians that—
"Such lands shall rovert to the United States if
the Indians become extinct or abandon the same."
But having now given my opinion in brief,
and without time to support it by argument ii>
full, that the public lands cannot be consti-
tutionally sold by virtue of treaty stipulations,
and that it is unwise and inexpedient to do so
and ready as I am, notwithstanding this, to
confirm and ratify the title of the Indians to
this Cherokee neutral land, I will briefly state
some of the reasons why I will not consent in
any form to give effect to any treaty which will
surrender, as is proposed, eight hundred thou-
sand acres of land for §800,000 in money.
Among the reasons are these: these lands,
according to the estimate of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] are worth
largely more money than the price at which
they are sold.
The interest of the people of Kansas and
of all the country requires that the Govern-
ment shall see to it that these lands are sold
in small quantities to actual settlers at $1 '25
an acre or less, or that they shall be opened
up to preemption and homestead settlement.
The Government could tako the lands at
§800,000 and realise by public sale to actual
settlers more than that or a sum sufficient to
reimburse the Treasury and open the residue
to homestead entries. Or the Government
could guaranty to the Indians the sum of
8800,000 and realize it out of the lands and
leave a large extent of them open to home-
! stead entries.
■ If the Government has failed to secure the
interests of the people as to those lands here-
tofore it is not too late now. We are here for
that purpose. I need not argue the various
eonsequeuces of a monopoly of these lands in
the hands of one man. The hardy settlers who
would buy of him would be compelled to mort-
gage the earnings of half a lifetime to pay for
a homestead. From such evils as these let
Congress deliver them. We can do it by law,
