1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
the hands of our select committee. I have no
doubt they will propose a plau that will be
satisfactory to us and satisfactory to the coun-
try. I am very confident that the people of
the United States will not object if the mem-
bers of the Senate and of the House use a
reasonable amount of stationery. Stationery
is furnished to all the other Departments ofthe
Government at the public expense, and why
should not the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives have their stationery, provided they
use a reasonable amount? I have no doubt—
I know the fact to be—that great abuses have
grown up. Without making any imputation
upon anybody they will unavoidably grow up
under such a loose system as we have here in
reference to our stationery ; but if proper rules
are adopted we may be able to obtain a rea-
sonable amount and escape from all the impu-
tations which seem to be so frightful to certain
members of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg the Senate
to allow this subject to be brought to a vote.
It is very clear that we shall lose the bill alto-
gether if we do not dispose of it at once. There
wiil be no Senate alter to-day, I take it, for the
transaction of business, and the few items which
are contained here are of very great importance
to the persons to whom the sums are to go.
I appeal to the Senator from Minnesota to with-
draw his amendment. It is clear that this is
one of those questions the proper disposition
of which cannot be settled in the Senate by
debate. Here are two systems, one peculiar
to the House and the other peculiar to the
Senate. We furnish our stationery in one way;
they in another. There is a suspicion some-
where, created in some way not now particu-
larly pertinent to inquire into, that both sys-
tems are liable to abuses. What is the remedy ?
We cannot settle that here. I do not believe
the remedy will be found in this proposition of
the House.
Mr. RAMSEY. How, then, does the Sen-
ator propose to settle it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would settle
it on what is obvious. The obvious thing to
be done is, that the Senate should furnish itself
with that stationery which is necessary for the
Senate in the transaction of its business both
in its committees and in the relations of its
members to the public in an individual way.
I think that is proper. I think the history of
the practice of all legislative bodies makes it
60. Nobody complains of it; nobody expects
it to be otherwise. That being so, the next
thing which is obviously proper to my mind is
that each body should determine the mode in
which the stationery shall be furnished. That
ought not to be liable to any abuse. It need
not be liable to any abuse ; and each branch,
if it is left to each branch, would have a check
upon the other whenever an appropriation for :
stationery was made, because it ia the easiest j
thing in the world to see whether the amount :
of the appropriation asked for is in excess. j
There you have the control over it. 1
Now, Mr. President, to bring this matter
to something practical, I would suggest, as
the House have proposed, a limitation as to
the amount they will use and as to the
amount they think it proper for the Senate to
use, and as it is not practicable at this time to
apply it to the Senate on account of the system
upon which the Senate has made its expendi-
tures, that we take the suggestion of the Sen-
ator fromyOhio, which is that after the end of i
this fiscal year this rule which the House has '
proposed shall apply. I submit that that can 1
be made practicable at the end of the fiscal
year. I hope the Senate will adopt that amend-
ment, and that the Senator from Minnesota
will withdraw his, which I do not think, on
reflection, the honorable Senator will think
just to the Senate or one that will commend
itself to the country ; nor do I think that the
country will believe that this trifle was a very
magnanimous thing on the part of the Senate.
1 hope, therefore, that the Senator from Min-
aegota will withdraw his amendment and allow
I us to take the sense of the Senate on the prop-
, osition of the Senator from Ohio, and in that
| way dispose of this bill.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. What was that propo-
sition ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To amend the
proposition of the House so as to provide that
from and after the end of this fiscal year this
limitation on the expenditure for newspapers
and stationery shall apply alike to both Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why is it not better to
, leave this committee to alter it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That would give
: them an opportunity to report.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall insist on my amend-
ment, with the modification that I send to the
desk of the Secretary.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified by the mover.
The Secretary read the amendment as mod-
; ified, which was to strike out all ofthe proviso
after the words " Provided, That hereafter,"
and to insert the following:
No member of either House of Congress shall be
allowed Stationery or newspapers or any commuta-
tion thereof.
Mr. RAMSEY. The modification is in the
last words of the amendment. It is suggested
to me that the amendment, as I originally
offered it, did not include that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota as modified.
The amendment was rejected, there being on
a division—ayes 17, noes 17.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to insert
after the word "that'' the words " after the
.present fiscal year." I think that will meet
the difficulty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if it would not be better to strike out this
proviso, becattse we shall undoubtedly have
some other bills before us during the session
in which we can better introduce legislation on
this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we strike out the pro-
viso it may create controversy and necessitate
a committee of conference to adjust the terms
of the bill, and that would cause unnecessary
1 delay. The House, I presume, would at once
' agree to the amendment that I propose. I doubt
very much whether the Senate would strikeout
the proviso, and if they did it would undoubt-
edly render necessary acommitteeof conference
■ and cause delay, while this amendment would
probably be at once assented to by the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, which will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in the first line of the proviso to strike out
the word "hereafter" and insert "after the
; expiration of the current fiscal year," so as to
j read:
; Provided, That after the expiration of the current
fiscal yearno member of either House shall be allowed
or paid tor newspapers and stationery for any one
; year a larger sum than $125, &c.
| Mr, BUCKALEW. I am opposed to this
, arrangement, and should be if it came up as
| an original proposition. I will mention one
; particular. There ought to be an allowance
j for short sessions of one amount and for long
' sessions of another. My idea in speaking of
this subject as it has been submitted to the mem-
bers of the Senate for consideration is, that for
a long session there should be an allowance of
$100, and for a short session of fifty dollars.
But as this proposition is not to take effect until
pretty well toward a year hence it is hardly
necessary to put it into this bill. Now, we have
a resolution in the first place appointing a joint
committee of the two Houses—a very safe com-
mittee, by the way—and by a supplemental res-
olution it is provided that that committee shall
have power to report, among other things, on
the subject of " a reduction of the expenses and
a more economical expenditure of the contin-
gent fund of each House.'' The whole subject
is referred to that committee, and it will report
shortly, and it will report practical provisions
that can go into effect forthwith. The adop-
tion of this amendment is only to postpone the
subject over to the end of the year and then
require that we shall hereafter take it up and
consider it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to ask
the honorable Senator from Ohio if he thinks
this amendment reaches the abuse at all. The
real abuse is not that the Senators have had this
amount of knives and this amount of stationery
themselves, but it has grown out of the fact that
in the mode in which the office has been con-
ducted all the employes around the Senate
Chamber, all the pages, all the messengers,
have received these articles, and the whole
amount is charged up as having been received
by Senators. Now, if you limit the amount to
Senators is that going to correct the abuse?
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot correct abuses
of this kind by a proviso to an appropriation
bill. I never saw a proviso to an appropria-
tion bill yet on this subject that amounted to
anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not strike out
this proviso, then ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because it will only
make controversy and cause delay, and this
matter can be remedied by the joint commit-
tee of the two Houses having the subject in
charge.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The published state-
ment in the newspapers about Senators receiv-
ing a dozen knives or twenty knives apiece is
all false from beginning to end. There is no
foundation for the charge so far as Senators
are concerned, go far as I have ever known or
ever heard. The abuse has arisen from the
fact that there are many others going to the
stationery-room and getting these knives, and
they are charged on the book to the Senators
themselves. It seems to me the stationery-
room ought to be regulated by some provision
that would meet the whole case. I do not care
to take up the time of the Senate on this sub-
ject. I have no objection myself to having this
limitation imposed upon Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Ohio seems to admit that the true way is to
strike out this proviso entirely; but he objects
to it because it will make a controversy with
the House; and I am very much inclined to
think that is the opinion of the Senate. It
has no business here. It is not the way to
reach the abuse. It effects nothing, and in my
judgment will increase the expenditure instead
of diminishing it. That will be the result of
it so far as the Senate is concerned. So far as
the House is concerned, it is their rule as it
stands now. I think it is best to leave this
subject to be examined like any other subject;
and if the Senator will withdraw his motion I
will try the sense of the Senate, and stake my
reputation for economy, whatever I may have,
upon it by moving to strike out that proviso.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the
Senator is perfectly in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to strike
out the proviso.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
to strike out the proviso, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Provided, That hereafter no member of either
House of Congress shall be allowed or paid fornews-
papers and stationery for any one year a larger sum
than $125 in money or its value, and no further allow-
ance for stationery and newspapers shall be made to
any member of the House of Representatives for the
year ending on the 3d day of March, 1868, than that
already ordered by the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
it would be well to except the last clause.
However, I think it had better all go out.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Davis, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Johnson, Morton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sumner,
Thayer, Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—21.
