3710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Monday the tax bill and the funding bill will
be upon our tables, and we shall be crowded
with those. I think we have legislation before
us of a character which will justify us in sitting
on the Fourth of July to consider it, and dis-
pose of it, if it be necessary. When we have
reached near the end of this day's proceedings
we can then determine whether it is wise to
adjourn over to-morrow or not. Congress has
frequently sat on the Fourth of July, and I do
not think it will injure ue to sit on the same
day that a convention of Democrats is to meet
in the city of New York. If the Fourth of
July is good for one purpose it is for the other.
Mr. POMEROY. If there was not a special
order for Monday I should be willing to adjourn
over. It is possible that we may complete the
business which it is desirable to complete
to-day, so thatwecan adjourn over to-morrow ;
but as we have a special order for Monday,
which will take until the last of the next week,
and there are, as the Senator from Vermont
has observed, very important measures that
ought to be completed to-day or to-morrow, I
cannot, at this time, vote to adjourn over. I
may be able to do so in the course of the day.
If we are to complete our legislation any time
this bummer, and adjourn before the election,
I think we ought to commence our legislation
and stick to it day after day until it is com-
pleted. There is nothing like completing a
subject when we have once begun it. Last
year the Fourth of J uly was a national holiday
as much as this year, but we met and held a
session.
Mr. JOHNSON. We adjourned directly.
, Mr. POMEROY. We held ashort session.
Congress came together on that day. It was
the beginning of the session. If the measure
to which the Senator from Vermont has alluded
can be got through to-day, there may be good
reasons for adjourning over; but I cannot vote
for it now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
who submitted this motion to let it lie over
until toward the close of the day, and then
probably we shall be able to come to a unani-
mous result upon it. I am satisfied we shall
not do anything to-morrow if we do meet. We
have met on several Fourths of July since I
have been here, but never accomplished any-
thing by it.
Mr. JOHNSON. We sat but once.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. I have been
here three times, I think, on the Fourth of July.
I recollect that on one occasion a Senator not
now in the body said we should not do any
business, and we did not. lie objected to
everything that was brought forward. I recol-
lect that at another time we met and adjourned
without doing anything; and in all probability
it would be so to-morrow. But I suggest that
we allow this motion to lie over until the close
of the day, aud then take a vote upon it.
Several Senators. Lotus dispose of it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will allow this motion to remain to a later
period of the day. I think this is akin to a prop-
osition to begin the Fourth of July now. if
tlie Senate holds it under consideration with a
view to the consideration to-day of an import-
ant measure that is before it, I have no doubt
wc can finish that bill; but if it is settled now
that we are going to take a holiday to-morrow
it will begin now.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very sorry to hear
the Senator from Maine intimate here that our
friends, the New England Senators, would
begin the holiday now if this motion should be
agreed to. I presume he means them, be-
cause he is best acquainted with their habits.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; as
well as the others.
Mr. CONNESS. Senators from our part of
the country, where the people are of more
steady habits, intend to work this day out, even
if this motion should be agreed to, to the end.
Now, sir, I am in iavor of making to-morrow
a holiday," and I am very sorry to Jind my
friend from Vermont protesting against this
holiday above all others—the Fourth of July.
If we should meet here to-morrow we should
do no business. We adjourned one session on
the Fourth of July, but it was a day of ad-
journment, which was a kind of holiday. We
certainly should not do any business if we met
to-morrow, and I hope we shall adjourn over.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I.think it im-
portant to the nation that this day should for-
ever be honored, and that it is becoming the
Congress of the United States to honor it by
adjourning over, even if the result is that we
are obliged to stay here one or two days longer
in summer. I expect to be detained here my-
self, and the only reason why I want to adjourn
over is because I think wc ought not to treat
this day as we do all others on the calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Burkalew, Chandler. Conness, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Fielinghuysen,
Hendricks, Howe. Johnson. McCreery, McDonald,
MorKan.Osborn, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Itara-
sey.Iloss,Tipton, Van Winkle.Vickers.Wade.Welch.
"VVillev, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole.Conkling.Edmuuda,
Ilarlnn, Morrill of 1STaine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton. Pomeroy. and Williams—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell, Dix-
on. Doolittle, Forry, Pessenden, Grimes, Henderson,
Howard, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice,
Raulsbury. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sunnier,
Thayer, Trumbull, and Wilson—22.
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating correspondence
relative to an alleged practice of the Danish
authorities to banish convicts to this country;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
51)0) to establish the assimilated rank of Ihe
staff officers of the Navy ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
iiffairs, and ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORTS.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered and agreed to :
Jiemhed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate the annual
reports of the Union Pacific Railroad Company and
the several railroad companies connected therewith,
setting forth as rcuuired by the twentieth section of
tlieact of 1862:
1. Tho names of the stockholders and their places
of residence, so farns tho same can be ascertained.
2. The names and residences of the directors and
all other othcers of the company.
3. The amount ofstock subscribed and the amount
thereof actually paid in.
4. A description of the lines of the road surveyed,
of the lines thereof iixed upon for the construction
of the road, and cost of such surveys.
5. Tho amount received irom passengers on tho
road.
(>. Amount received for freight thereon.
7. A statement of the expenses on said road and its
fixtures.
8. A statement of the indebtedness of said company,
setting forth the various kinds thereof.
MEDICAL AND SUKfllCAL HISTORY 01' TIIB WAR.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
inform the Senate of the condition of the appropria-
tion mado by an act entitled "An act making appro-
piiations for sundry civil expenses," &c., approved
July 2.8,18(56, for live thousand copies of the first
volume of the Medical and Surgical History of the
War, and for five thousand copies of the Medical Sta-
tisticsofthe Provost Marshal General's Bureau, and
how much of said appropriation remains ua expended,
howmuch has been expended, and for what purpose,
together with the dates and particulars of the expend-
itures.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
554. It is a short bill, and will take but a few
moments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 554) making a grant of land to the State
of Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to grant to the State of Minnesota, for the
purpose of aiding that State in constructing
and completing a lock and dam at Meeker's
island, (so called,) in the Mississippi liver, in
that State, and thereby facilitating the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river betweeu the halls
of St. xlnthony and the mouth of the Minne-
sota river, two hundred thousand acres ol pub-
lic lands, to be selected in alternate odd num-
bered sections by an agent to be appointed by
the Governor of the State, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of tho Interior. The
lands granted are to be selected from the pub-
lic lands lying within ihe limits of the State of
Minnesota, not more than one section to be
selected in anyone township; and the selec-
tions are not to be made from any lands con-
taining mines of gold, silver, cinnabar, or cop-
per, nor from any lands to which rights of pre-
emption or homestead have attached. The
lands granted are to be subject to the disposal
of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota
for the purposes mentioned, and 110 other ; and
the lock and dam shall be and remain forever
a public highway, free from any toll or charge
of any kind whatever; and the Legislature is
to have power to pass all needlul rules and reg-
ulations that may be necessary to lully carry
out the purposes of the act.
The work is to be done under the direction
of the engineer department of the United States
according to the plan and estimates submitted
by Major General Warren ; and if the lock and
dam are not constructed within twoyeais from
and after the date of the acceptance and dispo-
sition of the grant by the Legislature of the
State the lands granted are to revert to tho
United States.
At any time after the selection of the lands,
and subsequent to the completion of the lock
and dam, the lands granted are to bo open for
settlement by actual settlers upon paying to the
State of Minnesota a price not exceeding ^1 25
per acre for the same, which shall be paid
by the State to the company who may construct
the lock and dam. If at any time prior to the
completion of the lock and dam the Govern-
mentof the UnftedStates shall make an appro-
priation in money sufficient to construct the
lock and dam, the grant of lands made by the
bill is to revert to the United States. The bill
is to have no effect on lands already granted
for railioad purposes.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the bill by adding as a new section:
Sec. 6. A.wt be it further ctuicted, That there be,
and hereby is, granted to the Statoof Minnesota, the
further quantity of one hundred thousand acres of
public lands, subject to the same restrictions a* to
selection and sale as are hereinbefore named, the
proceeds whereof shall be used in making .-ueli im-
provements in the Mississippi river at the F.ills of
St. Anthony as may be deemed liecessaiy by the
Legislature of said State to protect and secure tho
existing navigation immediately above said fall.-..
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to hear some explanation of this bill. I find
that Minnesota has received more lands than
any other State or Territory in the Union. I
do not know but that this is all as it ought to
be and a proper donation of public lands ; but
still I should like to have it explained so that
the Senate may understand it. I find that we
have already given Minnesota seven million
seven hundred and eighty-two thousand four
hundred and three acres of land—more than
to any other State. I have no doubt the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads [Mr. Ramsey] will make it all
plain and clear, and I should like to hear from
him.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Vermont
rather flatters me; but, Mr. President, this is
a bill that comes from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, and not from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and I have no
doubt the chairman of that committee [Mr.
Pomkboy] will be able to explain what I shall
leave unexplained in regard to this bill.
