278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
NAYS-Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. ConklinR,
Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan,
Henderson, llcndrieks, lloward, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, llamsey, Sherman. Spraguo, Stewart, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Guthrie,
Howe, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy,
baalsbury, and Yates—10.
So the Senate refused to strike out the
proviso.
Mr SHERMAN. I believe my amendment
is now pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio in the first line of the amend-
ment to strike out the word " hereafter " and
to insert " after the expiration of the current
fiscal year."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the
words "in money or its value."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Suppose some of the
members have drawn their money and others
have not, how is that to be affected?
Mr. WILSON. I have not heard that any
have been paid in money.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that some mem-
bers in the Senate stated that they had drawn
their money for newspapers. I suppose the
effect of adopting this motion will be to cut off
those who have not drawn the money and
allow those who have to retain it.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I
believe if this provision is retained in this bill
the expenses for stationery will be increased,
possibly not in the next few months, but it will
inevitably be so for a long time to come. I
think we had better strike it out. If we are
going to keep it in I do not want to be sub-
jected to the imputation which will be put
upon us on account of it. We are told by the
Senator from Maine that there is a committee
preparing to examine all these things and cor-
rect several abuses that have grown up here
and which ought to be corrected. I would be
willing to trust hira and that committee with
ii and not press this matter. Being a member
of the Committee on Appropriations I thought
I would stand with the committee on the sub-
ject, but I was clearly of opinion when I first
read this bill in committee that this provision
in regard to paying us money would simply
increase the expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
will not prevail, for I think it may lead us into
other abuses which it is quite as important to
nvoid as it is to correct this. I know that in the
House of Representatives, where I subscribed
for a number of papers for the session, when I
came back at the commencement of the next
session they had been received during the entire
interim, and I was charged with the whole
amount. I think it is as well to leave Senators
at liberty to pay for their own papers and take
the money for that purpose if they choose.
Mr. GRIMES. It was always the rule, I
believe, to allow a Senator, when the appro-
priittion was fifty dollars a year for newspapers,
to draw any portion of that fifty dollars that
was not expended in newspapers. I never heard
of any abuse of that provision; and I do not
know any reason why, if I am limited to $125
for my stationery and newspapers, 1 should not
be permitted to buy the stationery in New York
or of a stationer on Pennsylvania avenue at
twe'nty-five or thirty per cent, less than I am
compelled to pay for it at a stationery-room of
the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, who has offered this
amendment, whether the effect of it will not
be to increase the allowance to Senators from
scvsnt.y-five to one hundred and twenty-five
dollars in money without putting any sort of
limitation upon the amount of stationery which
they may get out of the stationery-room in kind?
That is my reading of the proviso ; and if that
is the meaning of his amendment I think it
is proper that the Senate should know it,
because iu point of fact instead of inaugurating
a retrenchment measure by that we are greatly
increasing the expenses of the Senate per
annum.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the proposi-.
tion as it came from the House of llepresenTa-
tives to be this: in the bill it is provided that
each member of the two Houses is to receive
for newspapers and stationery the amount of
$125 a year ; and it says that they may receive
it in money. If they receive it in money of
course they will not receive newspapers, and
they ought not, in my opinion, to use any
stationery at the public expense, and I hope we
shall not have any in the building if we have
thatstateof things. I have been here thirteen
or fourteen years and I do not know that I
ever heard before that I could take any part of
the money set apart for the purpose of pur-
chasing newspapers. I generally make out my
list and intend to make it within the amount
allowed and to take the papers. I did not
suppose that I could take the money; but I
learn here to-day that it can be done and has
been done. Now. I believe on my conscience
that if this bill that comes from the House of
Representatives be passed as it stands, instead
of correcting abuses it will only inaugurate new
abuses and it will increase the expenses for
papers and for stationery. I have not a doubt
of it. If that be the case, I cannot vote for
this bill if this clause is retained in it. I
voted against the amendment presented a few
moments ago because I was on this committee
and I wanted to go with the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. MoRRtLL, of Maine.] I do
hope we shall not have this privilege of drawing
$125 in money and adding it to our salary and
then purchasing our papers and getting our sta-
tionery wherever we can. I do not believe in it.
Mr. DRAKE. I call the attention of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to the
proviso as printed in the bill Snd to the fact,
which seems to be very apparent on its face to
any one who will read it, that if these words
are struck out of that section there is then no
limitation whatever upon the amount of sta-
tionery that any Senator or Representative
may go to the stationery-room and get, but
only a limitation upon the amount of money
that shall be allowed him for newspapers and
stationery; and if that is the fact we are
increasing the allowance from seventy-five to
one hundred and twenty-five dollars. I do
not think that that is the proper way to begin
retrenchment and reform here in this matter.
There is no limitation if these words are struck
out upon the amount of stationery that we
may take in kind; only a limitation upon the
amount of money we shall receive for news-
papers and stationery, and that is increased
fifty dollars to each member.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
The hill was reported to the Senate as
amended and the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I renew the amend-
ment I offered in Committee of the Whole ; in
the twenty second line, after the word "here-
after," to strike out all to the end of the proviso,
and to insert in lieu of the words stricken out
"No member of either House of Congress shall
be allowed stationery or newspapers or any
commutation thereof."
Mr. HOWE. I hope the vote will be taken
on that amendment by yeas and nays this time.
I want to vote against it myself. 1 have lis-
tened to this debate until I begin to feel as if,
if I should happen to be indicted for petit lar-
ceny, I should be under obligations to plead
guilty. [Laughter.] I believe there was a
usage, if not a law, once in some of the New
England States in accordance with which when
a man thought he had been doing something
pretty mean he was induced to go before a
magistrate, complain of himself, pay his fine,
and go home absolved. I never knew any
deliberative body to attempt to practice on the
same theory before. But here there seems to
be a deliberate proposition made in the Senate
of the United States, since we have been prose-
cuted, as it is said—I hear it to-day for the
first time—in some of the pnblic prints of the
country for stealing, (my friend from Minne-
sota proposes,) that we walk up and pay a fine
of fifty or one hundred dollars, whatever it is,
assess ourselves, and then go home to our
constituents. I do not think you had better go
home after you have done it. I do not think
our constituents would care to see us after we
have done that.
Mr. President, I sit here, mistakenly or
otherwise, under the profound conviction that
my constituents are not over anxious to know
how I get the little money I do get; whether
I get it honestly or dishonestly they know I
spend it like a man—they get it; so I do not
believe they are over-anxious to be informed
on that point. But I have a conviction which
does more to sustain me in the discharge of
my duties than that, which is, that my constit-
uents never would have sent me here if they
did not think I was a man who would not steal.
Now, as to the fact whether we have been
plundering, peculating in the way suggested
here or not, 1 cannot say ; I never have investi-
gated the circumstances. If we have, or if we
are liable to it in the future, there are two or
three plain remedies. One is a remedy rest-
ing entirely on our constituents, and that is
to get us home just as soon as they can and
send better men the next time. Another rem-
edy, I think, is that suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, that is, to limit the
amount that shall be expended in these arti-
cles of stationery and newspapers. I favored
that; I voted for it. I voted for it not because
I thought it would prevent stealing nor because
I thought there was any stealing that we need
to legislate against, but I think it will correct
two or three items of expenditure. I think
that in accordance with the way this appropri-
ation is spent now articles are purchased year
after year and duplicated to members of the
Senate that they did not want at all, would not
have, have no sort of use for. For instance,
every year a portfolio is laid on the desk,
I suppose, of every member of the Senate.
A portfolio is not worn out in a session of
the Senate. Every year I notice a package of
stationery is sent to my room in a box, a very
pretty box ; it serves no earthly purpose in the
world except to get my stationery from the sta-
tionery-room to my boarding-house. I do not
want it; I have no use for it thereafter. Now,
if the amount to be expended by each Senator
was limited, such expenditures as those would
be prevented, and tor this reason, and not
because I felt that the honesty of the Senate or
of the individual members ofthe Senate needed
to be guarded by special acts of legislation, I
was inclined to favor and vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, and I hope to
see it adopted yet. Another remedy is that
proposed by the Senator from Indiana, and
that is, to have an account kept with each mem-
ber of the Senate ; leave the appropriations as
you make them now : let every man upon his
honor and upon his own sense of public duty
and of private right take just what stationery-
he pleases, but let the account be kept and let
it be made known, let it be published at the
commencement of every session or the close
of every session, showing just what has been
drawn ; let it. be one of the publicylocuments
that we frank in unlimited numbers to our con-
stituents. Whatever may be the private dispo-
sition of the members of the Senate, I am en-
tirely sure that they will not steal if there is
any likelihood of their being caught at it; and
if you ad opt the suggestion of the Senator from
Indiana I think it will be dead sure that they
will be caught at it if they do steal.
Either of these three remedies seems to me
open to us, seems to me plain, seems to me
adequate. Of the three, the first is one as to
which we cannot help ourselves ; as far as that
is concerned our constituents will take this
