162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Kerr.
40tii Cong. ... 2d Sess.
shall enable me to do. In this hour of the
nation's peril, I know not how to be false to
my convictions.
Mr. Speaker, why is it proposed now to take
the official life of the President? What great
public interest demands that a coordinate de-
partment of the Government shall be stricken
aown? Is it to complete the subordination of
every function and power of the Government
to the legislative will? Is it to clinch and rivet
forever upon the people of this country a cen-
tralized congressional despotism? It would
seem so. Bat if not so intended it certainly
can bear no other fruit unless speedily rebuked
by an indignant people.
Are the institutions of our country, the al-
ready shaken foundations of our Government,
to be subjected to this fearful trial, to be put
to this final test to maintain one man in office ?
I trust Congress is not so wedded to the service
of Mr. Stanton as to be willing, for his sake, to
invite the return of civil strife, to neglect and
imperil every material interest of the people,
and, in the midst and by the aid of the per-
vading excitement, to depose the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic. He has not entitled
himself to such devotion either by his example
or his past or present conduct. lie seeks now
to be kept by the power of one Department
in the service of another, in the Cabinet coun-
cils and confidence of another to whom his
presence is offensive, and who desires to be
relieved of all official or personal association
■with him. His conduct in this particular has,
to the honor of mankind, no parallel in the
history of civil and civilized Governments. His
indecent, unnatural, and cruel attempt to force
himself by such means upon the Executive can
excite nothing but odium, disgust, and abhor-
ence in all just-minded men. It violates at
once every rule of good taste, good breeding,
and official propriety, and is shocking and
repulsive in itself.
Mr. Speaker, it is said by his defenders that
he is afraid the President may violate some
law, if he be removed from the War Depart-
ment. It is pretended by them that some great
conspiracy may be conceived and executed
against the Radical party if Mr. Stanton be not
maintained in forced and hateful official rela-
tions with the Piesident. It comes with evil
and Jesuitical consistency from them or him,
after the President by their joint action lias
been stripped of almost all power, to pretend
any honest fear that he will cither violate the
laws or endanger any interest of the country.
They have signally failed by any decent legal
proof to establish against him one single act or
fact that indicates an unpatriotic purpose, al-
though they have instituted against him an
inquisition that has not hesitated to resort to
open and shameless perjury, and subornation
of Perjury.
These baseless, if not insincere, pretensions
of fear come with infinitely detestable grace
from Mr. Stanton, who has in the last seven
years violated, a hundred times and more,
laws of most precious and vital importance to
the well-being of society and the liberties of
the citizens. These violations have been so
numerous and so palpable, that lie invoked
the protecting shield of congressional legisla-
tion against their consequences. He did not
appeal 111 vain to Congress for such aid, for his
paitisans here speedily interposed the impass-
able banier of indemnity laws between him
and the victims of his illegal acts. He was
not willing to^ attempt to vindicate himself be-
fore the judicial tribunals of tlie country, wliei e
he could have a fair and impaitial trial before
a jiuy of his peers, more 01- less of whom he
could challenge from liie jury peremptorily,
and from which he could challenge jurors
indetinitely for cause, for the fonning and
expression of opinions as to the merits of the
case, or for any cause which would reader any
juror incompetent, under the established rules
of law, to give him an impartial trial.
Yet by a refinement of partisan malignity
and cruelty the President is to bo impeached
by a grand inquest, the House of Representa-
tives, more than three fourths of the members
of which are bitterly and avowedly, and many
of them personally, hostile to him. In the pre-
sentation of articles of impeachment, the mem-
bers of this House must act judicially; but to act
judicially in any just sense there must coexist
entirely unprepossessed, unprejudiced, and im-
partial minds. Can any degree of charity per-
suade any sane man that these indispensable
requisites to a fair trial have for months past
existed amongst any considerable number of
the majority of this House toward the Presi-
dent? Every intelligent man in the House or
the country knows they have not—knows that
for a year past, by many here, he has been
denounced as guilty of the violation of numer-
ous laws subjecting him to impeachment. But
he is to be compelled to answer at the bar of
the Senate to an indictment found against him
by such a grand jury. The most petty crimi-
nal in the country—the man who should steal
a loaf of bread, or rob a hen-roost, or swindle
his fellow at a game of chance—would be
awarded protection against the presentments
of such a grand jury.
But if such persons should be indicted by a
partial or an impartial grand jury, they would,
under every system of criminal jurisprudence
known to our country, be entitled to a trial by
an impartial jury, elected and chosen in such
manner as to exclude all incompetent persons.
The meanest violator of his mere civil con-
tracts or duties, as well as the lowest offender
against any criminal law, is guarantied a fair
and impartial trial. But how is it with the
Chief Magistrate of the nation when summoned
to answer for "high crimes and misdemean-
ors?" Is common sense, common justice to
be stultified by the assumption that he is enti-
tled to a less fair and impartial trial? Does the
Constitution, or did its wise and just framers
intend to cxelude him alone from the pro-
tection of such atrial? Who are his triers,
his judge«, 10 whose jurisdiction he is com-
pelled to submit, whether they be his friends
or his enemies, whether then- minds be pre-
possessed and prejudiced against him or not,
whether they have fonned and expressed their
opinions against him or not? They are the
Senators who constitute the Senate of the
United States.
But that body, without inquiry or evidence,
or giving him an opportunity to be heard in
person or by counsel, have in secret session,
with partisan zeal and indecent haste already
condemned the President. When he com-
municated to them 011 last Friday, the fact
that ho had removed Mr. Stanton and appointed
General Thomas, Secretary of War ad interim,
they went into executive session and adopted
the following resolution:
"Whereas the Senatehave received and considered
the communication oi tho i'rr^nlent, stating that, he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had design.iteel tho Adjutant General of tho
Army to act as Secretary of War ad interim; there-
tore,
"Jiesolved by the Senate of the United Statrs, That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States,
the President has not tne power to icmovo tho Sec-
retary of War and designate any other otiicor to per-
iuim the duties of that oiliee."
Yet to their bar he is to be summoned for
trial. It is a solemn mockery of justice to call
any such proceeding a fair arid impartial tiial.
When the Senate resolves itself into a high
court, of impeachment it cannot divest itself
of the recollection or the iniluence of what it
lias just done in its political character. It
would seem to any common and fair mind in-
delicate, if not impossible, for honorable Sen-
ators to assume the sacred office of judge after
having thus committed themselves against the
President and prejudged his case. This con-
duet on their part is a sad but logical com-
mentary 011 the folly and crime of giving to the
Senate any agency or control whatever in the
removal of such officers. It does not belong
to them under the Constitution. It is claimed
by them in violation of the settled construction
of the Constitution and the uniform practice
of the Government for a period of over seventy
years.
The framers of the Constitution conferred
upon the Senate a mere advisory duty in con-
nection with the appointment of such high
officers. This duty is not executive; it is
merely designed to impose a check upon the
selection of unsuitable or incompetent officers.
The Senate can well concur in appointments
without destroying its capacity to sit as an
impartial court for the trial of impeachments.
The Constitution declares that "the executive
power shall be vested in a President of the
United States," and that "he shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed," and
makes him Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy. How can he discharge these high
duties if ho is to be made a mere satellite of the
Senate or of Congress? If the Senate is in-
vested with a part of the executive power the
unity and efficiency of the executive depart-
ment are thus impaired, if not destroyed. The
wise and philosophic purpose of the framers
of the Constitution was to keep the several
great Departments of the Government as dis-
tinct and separate from each other as possible,
to the end that neither should invade the func-
tions of the other or usurp its powers in order
to strengthen itself and erect a centralized
despotism on the foundations of the Republic.
The history of the formation of the Govern-
ment sustains these views in the fullest and
amplest manner.
But, Mr. Speaker, the power of removal is
an executive tunction. It most directly affects
the capacity of the President to see that the
laws be faithfully executed. Give this power
in whole or in part, and if you give it in part
you do thereby for all practical purposes give
it absolutely to the Senate, and you at ouco
destroy the efficiency and equality of the exec-
utive department. You also, as the pending
controversy between the Senate and the Pres-
ident painfully illustrates, utterly destroy the
judicial fairness, purity, and impartiality of
the Senate. It cannot be otherwise until Sen-
ators cease to be human beings and become
better than men.
The President finds it necessary to remove an
offensive, unfaithful, or corrupt member of his
constitutional official household, and, under
the civil-tenure law, he reports the fact with
his reasons to the Senate, being thus compelled
to assume the odious character of a public
prosecutor, and the Senate refuse to consent
to the removal. But the House, possessing
the sole power of impeachment, may then im-
peach the officer so retained in his position,
and present formal articles of impeachment to
the Senate. But the latter have already de-
cided that he shall not be removed. Then
what becomes of their judicial impartiality to
try an impeachment?
Suppose, again, Mr. Speaker, that the Sen-
ate consent to his removal, that consent does
not make it the legal duty of the President to
remove him; and he then, upon further reflec-
tion or mutual explanations or additional
evidence, refuses to remove him, and then tho
House prefers against him articles of impeach-
ment, is^ the Senate in any better condition
to try him v, itli decent impartiality and fair-
ness? It thus_becomes apparent that the vio-
lation of the Constitution involved in the en-
j actment and enforcement of the civil-tenure
I law can only lead to conflicts between coi>r-
j dinate departments of the Government, dis-
, turbing^the public peace, destroying the liar-
! mony that is so vitally important to the suc-
1 cesi-iul administration of the Government, and
i rapidly undermining its fundamental pnnei-
; pies. Besides, tho moment a Cabinet ofBeer
! loses the confidence of the President, and his
I removal is desired by the latter, he then natu-
