1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
this Johnson county would all bo right, (meaning
rebel.")
Mr, Wilcox (page 55) thus testifies :
"I am as well acquainted with the people of John-
son county as I am with the citizens of this, my own,
county, and during the early part of the war fre-
quently visited Johnson county, and mixed with the
people of that county, and conversed freely with
them, and it was one of the strongest Union counties
in the State, and is still a strong Union county, and
K. II, Butler's sentiments and influence had great
weight in molding the sentiments of the people at
the commencement of the rebellion, as he was con-
sidered by them to be a leader of the Union party,
and worthy to be confided in. Said county is stilt
strictly loyal, and R. It. Butler's influence has kept
it so."
Daniel Ellis, a Union spy, employed during
the whole war by various commanders in the
department oP Tennessee, testifies (page 55)
that the counties which Mr. Butler represented
in the Legislature " were the most loyal coun-
ties in the State, and true Union men voted
for ft. R. Butler."
It was constituencies of this character that
elected him in the fall of 18G1 to the Legis-
lature of Tennessee, after it had seceded from
the Union, so far as it was possible for it to
do so, and assumed the attitude of hostility to
the Union. The question very properly arises,
how came such a constituency to desire repre-
sentation in that Legislature, and how came
Mr. Butler to consent to be a representative
in that Legislature? Upon that point I ask
the House to listen to the testimony:
Mr. Venable thus testifies:
" Myself and others urged it upon said Butlerto go
to tho Legislature of Tennessee and there use his
utmost abilities in protecting the interests of the
Union element in EastTennessee, and keep us posted
as to the transactions of t>aid Legislature, believing
that he could be of more benefit to the Union cause
in the said Legislature than ho possibly could have
been anywhere else; during which lime I received
seveial letters from him urging us to stand firm to
the Union cause, and that said Union cause would
come out right; and further, when said Butler re-
turned Irom said Legislature, as from any other jour-
ney, I always eamo to him to learn the news, and ho
invaiiably told me that the Union cause would come
out light, and to stand firm and use mv utmost en-
deavors to keep the people firm to the Fedora! Gov-
ernment. And further, he frequently told me that,
while in the Legislature, ho had to do things which
were greatly against his will, and had to vote foi bills
contrary to his principles, but had to do so to protect
the interest of the Union element of EastTennessee,
and to make the rebel sentiment as favorable to the
Union element of East Tennessee a^s possibly could bo
done ; and further, that to carry outsaiddeception he
had to resort to many inventions of themind in order
to deceive the rebel element and thereby favor tho
Union cause ; which intercourse was continually kept
up between us as long as said Butlerremaincdmtiie
county, and until said Butler was run oil by the rebel
authorities and soldiery, which was in August, 18G3;
and in the following October I left home myself and
went through the lines, where I found said Butler
raising a regiment tor the Federal Government, and
from m> age, which was litty-two years, and my avo-
cation, being that of a minister of the Gospel, I did
not deem it prudent to enter the Federal service, but,
from the urgent solicitations and request of said But-
ler, I consented to enter the service of the United
States, and did so. My intercourse with said Butler
continued from that tirno until the close of the late
war."
Hamilton Smith (page 58) says :
"In the year 1S61R.11. Butler w.\s the candidate of
the Union party for the counties of Carter and John-
son, to represent them in tho Legislature of Tennes-
see. Robert llhea, a rebel surgeon,wa* his opponent;
he, Butler, was elected, receiving tho largest major-
ity of votes over his opponent that any one man ever
did receive in the two counties; the balloting wa*
strictly upon party issues; the strictly Union men of
the two counties voted for Butler, and the rebels
voted for Rhea. Butler was run as the Union can-
didate on account of his principles and the bold stand
he had taken for the Union cause; all tho leading
Union men of the two counties warmly supported
him, and I never heard his Unionism doubted while
a member of the Legislature."
John Sharpe (page 30) testifies as follows:
"Said R. R. Butler was elected to the Legislature
of Tennessee by the Union men of Carter and John-
son counties, and the Union men insisted on said
Butler attending the said Legislature, and it was gen-
erally thought by the citizens of Johnson county that
he couid be of moie benefit to tho_ Union citizens of
said countv by attending said Legislature than it he
had remained at home: and that said Butler, in dif-
ferent conversations always exjueased himself un-
willing to go to the Legislature, saying that it he dicl
go he would have to vote for measures that would
roemnitfly favor tho rebellion; and, furthei, the
Lnx'Mi men of this county always told said Butler to
go and do what he thought would bo best for the
Union men of this county, and, vote as he would,
that they knew him to be a sound Union man, and
were not afraid tu trust him anywhere, and insisted
On him attending the Legislature, and reporting to
them and keeping them posted on the movements
and transactions of said Legislature; and, further,
to my positive knowledge said Butler did so post the
Union citizens of said county, and furnish tEicm with
valuable information, and by so doing was of areat
benefit to the Union element of said county while in
said Legislature."
I suppose, Mr. Speaker, it is very difficult
for us fully to understand and comprehend the
position of things in Tennessee at that time.
East Tennessee was intensely loyal; West Ten-
nessee was as intensely rebel, and so was the
other portion of that State. This portion of
the State, situated in the middle, as between
the upper and nether millstone of the rebel-
lion, its inhabitants unprotected, its Union
men the objects of hate and persecution on the
part of the rebels, temptation surrounding its
young men, every art resorted to to draw them
into tho rebellion, and every snare laid to en-
trap them, we perhaps can understand how
they felt the necessity of having some one at
Nashville, in the Legislature, or about there,
on whom they could rely,who would give them
timely information of measures calculated to
crush them out or work their harm. They,
perhaps, thought that a gentleman of the char-
acter of Mr. Butler might have some salutary
influence even upon the body of men who had
resolved in their hearts to be traitors and to
do the work of traitors. But, whatever may
have been the actual idea in the minds of these
men, the evidence leaves no doubt upon the
minds of the committee that, from the purest
of motives and from conviction of absolute
necessity, they selected of all other men that
one who had the widest influence, tho firmest
convictions of patriotism, and the boldest spirit.
Him they commissioned to go to Nashville
and there use his best influence, resort to such
devices as were necessary and such measures
as were within his power, there to labor and
serve them as best he could; and whatever
obloquy he might incur in that service their
confidence in him would be unshaken, and
they would protect him when he returned, if
return he might.
And now, Mr. Speaker, if we return to what
he did while in the Legislature of Tennessee,
we shall find this evidence quite as strong and'
quite as satisfactory, lie devoted himself to
the service of the Uniou cause and of the Union
men. Stephen Matthews, now a State Sena-
tor, holding that office in the Legislature of
Tennessee at this moment, then a Union mem-
ber of the Legislature, testifies, on page G2, as
follows:
"I have been acquainted with Jud<?c Butler ever
since about 1st October, 1801, and have been inti-
mately acquainted with iiim ever since that date. I
was in tho so-called lebel Legislature with him ; wo
roomed and slept together during the session; my
opportunities to know Judge Butler's sentiments
were very good; and in all ot our private conversa-
tions I never hoard Judge Butler express a disloyal
sentiment. Wo talked freely and fully upon the sub-
jects of secession and rebellion, and his whole senti-
ments as exprevsed tome weic those of a loyal citizen.
I am satislicd that if our private conversations and
conversations upon those questions had been made
public, that it would have been the cause of Ihc ar-
lest if not the hanging of both of us by the rebel
authorities.
"I believe that we would all have been imprisoned
and sent to Tuscaloosa if we had not taken the oath,
and we were so informed by the rebel authorities.
Judge Butler, myself, and all tho other Union mem-
bers protested against taking the oath to the con-
federacy, and appointed a committee to wait upon
the authorities to know if we could not he relieved
from taking the oath; and we were informed that we
must take it or be arrested and bent to prison.''
Another member of tho Legislature, Edward
H. East, testifies as follows on page G8 :
"I have known Judge Butler since 13)0 to the pres-
ent time. 1 believe 1 havo heard him expies^ his
sentiments on every question of State or national im-
portance that has arisen since my acquaintance with
him, both in private and in public. 3 suppose 1 have
beenintimato with him. at Ien't psmuell so aswewell
could be, he living in East Tennessee and I in the
middle portion of the,State. We were both Tennessee
Willi's. L a mcuibcrot the Legislature of 1S5U-G0.
as was also Jud^e Bntlor. Thereirularsessionpassed
otF without any very exciting questiun, as X now re-
member ; and so lar as national matters were at all
discussed, he took tho usual position of his party
(V,rhig) of that day. Alter the adjournment of the
regular session our national troubles began to ari^e,
and there was an extra session of the Legislature
called. In this session efforts were made to commit
tho people of Tennessee to the secession movement.
Judgo Butler, together with a majority of tho Last
Tennessee members, opposed this action, and this ses-
sion resulted in a failure oil the part of the secession
element to do anything more than excite and agitate
the people. Shortly afterward another session was
called, which was much more excited and alarming,
and great dilferenee existed amongthemenwliowero
known and recognized as the Union men as to what
would be the best method and policy to avert tho
impending calamity. The Union men wore not en-
tirely harmonious; had freauent meetings at each
other's rooms, and took into their consultation such
prominent leading citizens of the State, and who had
not gone over to tho rebellion, as would venturo to
mako suggestions relative to tho plan to be pursued
by tho then minority of the Legislature. Judge But-
ler attended these meetings, and was recognized as a
Union man. Our peoplefmally lost hopeandcourago.
as wo could adopt no practicable and efficient plan of
opposition that would harmonize oven tho then loyal
element or that could retard tho movemont toward
secession. Every suggestion that had been acted upon
failed, and no prospect or hope of any aid coming
from the national Government, (as it had all it could
do elsewhere,) many of our people gavo up in despair;
some went into the rebellion, others became sullon,
and began to consider questions ot personal safety,
(as they wore committed against thedominantmove-
ment.) All expedients looking to a deleat of tho
rebellion or to retard its movements had failed, and
every man was looking out for himself. Judgo But-
ler was at this time loyal."
Nothing, Mr. Speaker, is more striking than
the picture here portrayed of the condition of
things in that State at that time. We of the
North, having had some trouble, it is true, as
to what were the best modes of treating this
rebellion, can still have little idea of the con-
dition of things when that befel the Union men
of Tennessee, which has always befallen every
community struggling for liberty and for life—
a want of harmony among themselves. Tho
darkest hour in our own history has always
been that hour when there has been lack of
harmony and mutual confidence. If any man's
heart has failed him m the cause of our llcvo-
lution or in the great cause out of which we
are just emerging, it has been when we have
found it utterly impossible to harmonize our
own action and unite upon some common
ground of action, and he who has held out
under these circumstances and still had his
faith unshaken, is the one in whom the confi-
dence of the people, when we launch out into
smoother seas and under brighter skies, ought
first to be placed.
One of the chief objects in sending Mr.
Butler to the Legislature was to have some
one man at Nashville who would aid in rescu-
ing from time to time the Union men of the
counties of Johnson and Carter who would be
arrested and dragged into rebel prisons to
starve or to be subjected to indignities and to
rot in chains for the very Unionism which
prompted them to send liim there. 1 call the
attention of the House now to the work of
this man in the Uniou cause.
Another of his fellow-members of the Legis-
lature testifies that—•
" During the session there were perhaps thirty citi-
zens of Johnson and Darter counties (Judge Butler's
district) impiisoned and brought to .Nashville by the
rebel authorities. During their imprisonment hero
Judge Butler exerted himself, as the attorney and
Iricnd ot a number of them, to get them relieved upon
the writ of habeas corpus. He also lurmshed them
with tobacco and such articles as they needed during
their conlinemciit, and when discharged loaned them
money to return home. He boirowed some money
ftom mo for them."
La Fayette Jones testifies as follows on page
SI: _ -
" I was at Nashville, Tennessee, during the sitting
of the Legislature of 18(31-82, and while i was there
there were some twenty-odd Uniun men brought
from Gaiter county to Nashville and put in jail by tho
rebels. Said Butler did all within his power to pro-
cure their release, and did procure tho release of
ileal ly all of them, Sumo ot them having beeomo
weary of their long confinement m tho rebel jail,
proposed and talked of volunteering in the confed-
erate army; and said Butler, hearing of tlicir having
sueh intentions, requested uie and urged ft upon me
to go and see them, and advise them not to do to;
that he thought he could procure their releasemcnt;
and opposed their volunteciini? in tho confederate
army bitteily. 1 went assnid Butler requested, and
advised them as re^ue^ted by &aid Butler, and thus
prevented the most of them from carrying their design
of volunteering 111 the confederate army into execu-
tion."
Taylor thus testifies on page 54:
u Myself and thirteen other Union men from Carter
county were arrested by the rebels and taken to Nash-
ville and put in the Nashville jail; and Judge Butler
was there, and he brought us bread and furnished us
with tobacco. R. U. Butler said he had forty dollars
