1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8711
The proposition contained in the bill is a
very simple one. The bill was passed by the
House ot Representatives after thorough con-
sideration, and was well understood there. It
almost explains itself. It is an appropriation
of two hundred thousand acres of public land,
to be selected by sections, one section in each
township, and not more than one to a town-
ship, so that it avoids the objection of accumu-
lating a great quantity of lands in a body to the
exclusion of settlers upon any township of>the
State. It scatters the selections all over the
State.
The improvement for the benefit of which
this appropriation of land is made was esti-
mated for by General Warren, known to all the
members of the Senate, an officer of the engi-
neer corps of the United States, who was
detailed by the Secretary of War under an
appropriation made, I think, in July, 1866, for
the survey of the Mississippi river. He recom-
mends, with a view of carrying the complete
navigation from St. "Paul to the mouth of the
Minnesota river as far up as the Falls of St.
Anthony, that a lock and dam be constructed
at what is called Meeker's Island, half way
,between the mouth of the Minnesota river and
the Falls of St. Anthony, and he estimates the
cost of that work, in a report bearing date
April 8, 1868, at $225,000. It would properly
fall within the province of Congress to make a
money appropriation for this work; but inas-
much as the liberality of Congress is taxed
pretty largely in that way, it was thought
advisable to ask the General Government
simply to give us lands within our own State.
We thought we would not encroach upon the
Treasury of the nation to that extent, but would
ask the General Government to let us make
selections of public lands within our own limits.
We thought that in this very unobjectionable
form we should be able to get a measure passed
providing means for executing this work which
otherwise the nation might be under some obli-
gation to do out of the money of its own Treas-
ury. The lands, as Senators will perceive, are
to be sold to actual settlers upon the comple-
tion of the work.
It is true, Mr. President, that a large body
of lands have been appropriated to the State
of Minnesota for railroad purposes; but the
people of the State have no very direct or
immediate interest in them and very little in
any way until those roads are completed.
That is coming to pass, though slowly. We
have probably four or five hundred miles of
railroad now completed in the State of Min-
nesota, the area of which, as the Senator from
Vermont will recollect, is as large as that of
the two great States of Pennsylvania and New
York, so that an appropriation of seven mil-
lion acres, although seemingly a very large
amount of land, is nothing when you consider
the great territory upon which these roads are
to be constructed. At any rate those grants
are in no larger proportion than the grants
which have been given to other States of the
West. It is a matter of very little considera-
tion, when you take into view the immense
amount of country that is to be accommodated
by these railroads.
But, sir, not to consume the time of the
Senate, I will State briefly that the work for
which this bill provides has been estimated for
by the engineers of the United States, and it
is to be constructed under the charge of those
engineers, so as to guard you against any possi-
bility of a waste of the fund. It is a work
essential to the improvement of that river,
one of the great rivers of the country. The
Falls of St. Anthony furnish an immense water
power. The people, not only of Minnesota,
but of the whole valley of the Mississippi, are
interested in their preservation, and in the
completion of the navigation up to the very
falls. The falls are utilized almost to their
full extent at this time. Lumber is sawed
there and shipped to the States below us ; flour
is being ground there ; woolen goods are being
manufactured, and the water-power is applied
to many other pursuits.
I trust the Senate will not have any diffi-
culty in passing the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives with the amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ex-
pect to retard the passage of the bill; but I
would suggest to the Senator from Minnesota
that if he has anything else he wants to pass
now is a capital time. I think he could pass
a bill granting a million acres as well as
three hundred thousand. I observe that this
bill, as it it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, made a grant of two hundred thou-
sand acres of land, and our Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have added another hundred thousand
aCreS>
Mr. POMEROY. Not for the same work.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But for a
different work, and that I have not heard ex-"
plained.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is to prevent the re-
cession of the Falls of St. Anthony. I have
here a letter from General Warren, giving a
full explanation on that point. Unless the
Falls of St. Anthony are saved by some work
of this kind, they will recede and be lost to us
entirely. I will read the letter of General
Warren:
Washington, D. C., June 27, 1868.
Sir : I have the hon >r to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter ot the 26th instaut, expressing the so-
licitude felt in regard to the breaking away of the
rocks and recession of the Falls of St. Anthony, and
asking my views concerning the formation of the
falls, the danger of their destruction by successive
floods, and the injury to navigation above the falls
that would result from their destruction.
A briet description of the structure ot the rocks at
the Falls of St. Anthony is as follows:
The rock forming the bed of the river at and just
above the falls is a stratum of hard magnesian lime-
stone, having a well-marked jointed structure, so as
to readily separate into large blocks from fifteen
to thirty feet square. Immediately in contact with
limestone, beneath it, is a layer of clay at- about
three tect in thickness, nearly or quite impervious
to water.
Beneath this clay stratum is a very soft silicious
sand rock, easily worn away by the water, andtex-
tending downward an unascertained depth, into
winch the water washes deep holes below the falls.
The hard capping rock is thus being undermined,
especially in ilood stages, and falling off in large
blocks, which are subsequently broken up into
smaller pieces and carried away by the current.
This is tho case with, nearly all our waterfalls, but
tho receding action is muoh more rapid at the Falls
of {St. Anthony than at any other existing fall with
which 1 am acquainted.
It is obvious to an observer that at a distant period
the tails were at Fort Snelling, the present junction
of the Minnesota river, and that they have receded
to their present position in the manner before de-
scribed a distance of about scvon. miles.
Did this same formation of rock extend indefinitely
above the present tall3 along the river the continued
recession might only be considered as endangering
the dams and mills in their present location and not
to concern thequestion of navigation. And, as a con-
sequence, the prevention of this wearing away by the
water might be considered a mere local interest, and
to he provided for by those specially concerned.
But it so happens that the stratum of hard mag-
ne&ian limestone thins out and rises entirely above
the surface of the river a few hundred feet above the
present crest of the falls, and further on thesoftsand
rock alone is to be found in tho bed ot the river, so
that when the action ot the stream has destroyed all
that remains of the hard layer but a few days will be
necessary to lower the bed and produce a continuous
rapid tar above, not merely destroying the present
water-power, but a longreach of navigable channel.
The Watei-Power Company at Minneapolis ex-
pended in 1866 between thirty and forty thousand dol-
lars in an unavailing attempt to stop this wearing
away. The undertaking is a difficult and expensive
one, and it is but fair that the protection and exten-
sion of the river navigation should lend its aid to that
of the Water-Power Company in effecting a common
object.
The danger which threatens the destruction of the
Falls ot St. Anthony requires prompt attention.
The present condition of the falls is further ex-
hibited by the nnnexeddiagram.
On this diagram the banks of the river are repre-
sented in green, the water blue, the soil sand-rock
yellow, the magnesian limestone brown, and the
clay bed pink.
The section is constructed to cut the dam at th'e
point furthest up the stream,' from which point the
dam inclines downward toward each shore. Xhis
apex of the dam is at the upper end of the magne-
sian limestone, above which the bed of the river is
twenty feet deep.
The water is represented falling over the lower
edge of the magnesian limestone in two places, four
hundred tect apart; the lower one is at the place
where the crest of the falls was in 1366, at which
time the Minneapolis Water-Power Company put in
the apron below the falls to protect them from fur-
ther wear; the upper place is where the crebt of the
falls was left after the flcrod of July, 1867, four hun-
dred feet having been washed away in one flood,
notwithstanding the attempt to prevent it. One
more like freshet would probably destroy the falls,
for only one thousand feet of the majgnesian lime-
stone remains, and its thickness diminishes as the
recession goes on; it was eighteen feet thick at the
crest m 1866,and at the present position of tho crest
of the falls it is about eight feet thick; henco tho
present pressing emergency.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. K. WARREN,
Brevet Mmor General United States Army,
Mojor of Engineer*.
His Excellency Hon. William K. Marshall, Gov-
ernor of Minnesota.
Surely nothing need he added to show tho
importance of prompt action to preserve this
great water-power.
Mr. POMEROY. I am glad the Senator
from Vermont has called the attention of the
Senate to this bill, because it is novel in its
character in some respects. It is not exactly
in harmony with thegeneral class of bills which
have been passed by this body disposing of the
public lands. The bills we have passed here-
tofore with which I have had anything to do,
have only given alternate sections, and wo have
doubled the price of the remaining sections
reserved by the Government, so that really the
grant was not a donation. I know that the
Senator can show that on paper the grants to
Minnesota are some seven million acres. That
would be the extent of the grants if none of
thelands were occupied; but practically, and,
in fact, portions of the lands are occupied by
settlers, so that perhaps the real grant would
only be about half that much.
But, sir, I was saying that this is different
from the other grants, because here we propose
to allow the State to take one or two sections
in each township where there are public lands,
without doubling the price of the other lands.
In that respect it introduces a new feature, and
I wanted particularly to call the attention of
the Senate to it. I will state in a word how
the committee justified it.
We have been in the habit of making appro-
priations of money to improve the Mississippi
river year by year in some places. The en-
gineer reports, and the committee have evi-
dence, that the Falls of St. Anthony are about
to be destroyed. The river has worked back
so far that it is believed by the citizens there
that one freshet will destroy the falls, so that
the water-power and the navigation of eighty
miles above will be ruined. They came to
Congress wanting some appropriation of money
to aid in protecting the Falls of St. Anthony.
Now, in the first place, it is difficult to pass a
bill making an appropriation of money; and,
in the second place, an appropriation of land
of this character will answer every purpose,
because it will give the State a credit and
facility by which she can raise the money with
which to improve and save the falls.
There are two grants in the bill now. The
first is what was in the bill us it was passed by
the House of Representative'!, to enable the
State to extend a canal up to the foot of tho
falls for the benefit of the lumber interest
there. All the citizens on the line of the river
below are interested in getting lumber from
this section of the country from the immense
mills there located. That water-power is an
immense power, and is used in preparing lum-
ber for market, and without the canal being
built they are unable to run the mills at this
time on account of the falls receding year by
year, breaking off. The formation is a blue
limestone placed over sandstone, and the sand-
stone wears out under and then the limestone
falls, and the falls recede from year to year,
until they are now nearly to the head ot the
rapids.
To obviate the necessity of a donation of
money to improve the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river, the committee were induced to
report this bill. I want the Senate to under-
stand what it is, and then they can pass it or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
my friend from Kansas whether he does not
think, as the chairman of the Committee oil
Public Lands, he is setting a very bad preee-
