1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
matter into their own hands. If the newspapers J
have convinced them that we have been steal-
ing 1 am very well satisfied this is our last
appearance hereon this floor. But in addition
to that I should be glad to seethe amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio adopted yet,
and I hope it will be; but 1 shall be obliged to
vote against the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
I have not any great amount of character
left, and therefore feel called upon to be a little
more jealous of what little I have ; and out of
regard to that remnant I shall be compelled to
vote against that amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Oregon a question. He said in his
remarks a little while ago that the cost of
stationery for each member of the Senate ran
up from one hundred to four hundred dollars.
I desire to ask him how often $400 occurs in
the list of Senators opposite any member's
name. It seems to me it must be an isolated
case. I believe I have used about as much
stationery as most gentlemen here, and mine
never could have run above one hundred dol-
lars.
Sir, I am opposed to commutations and
giving men money in place of stationery. I
am opposed to it for the reason that it induces
men to be idle and neglect their duty. I think
there is no Senator here who would demean
himself so much as to take money and neglect
hia duty to his constituents. I went into the
newspaper-room the other day, believing that
I was entitled to three daily newspapers accord-
ing to the custom which prevailed in the Sen-
ate some years ago when I was a member, but
1 found that I could have seventy-five dollars
in cash, or order as many newspapers as I
pleased coming within that amount. I had in
my simplicity ordered my newspaper friends
at home to send their papers to me, and
they send so many that I cannot get clerks
enough to read them for me. I found that I
could not spend properly more than thirty
dollars in that way. I was told that I could
take the balance, but I refused to do so. I
reflected upon that afterward and it seemed
to me that an economical amendment had been
made in our rules by somebody who wanted to
carry money home in his pocket. I believe
that we are paid enough for our services here,
and I cannot imagine that any man who aspires
to a seat in the Senate would be willing to
come here to save a few dollars oilt of his news-
papers or his stationery. I think the expenses
of the newspapers of the Senate are twice as
much as they would have been but for that
regulation, and I have no doubt our stationery
will cost us twice as much if we adopt this pro-
vision. I go for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Slinnesotjy, because I think it will
give time for reflection on this subject. I do
not believe that a large proportion of the gentle-
men who voted for this bill in the other House
imagined that they were going to save money
to the public. I think some of them must
have believed that they were going to save from
the stationery something to put into their own
pockets. Believing that, I would send this
amendment to them and see how they will
treat it. My constituents do not care how
much stationery I use, and as for myself I do
not care how much I use. At home I have no
restriction in this respect. 1 do not know what
it costs me at home. I write a letter to every
man who writes to me if I think he is worthy
of an answer, and I consume a great deal of
paper and a great deal of other stationery. I
do that at home and I do it here, and I take
it for granted that every gentleman acts on the
same motives that I do.
If there is to be any reform in this matter
it ought to come from the committee which
has been instituted for that purpose. Doubt-
less there are great reforms needed here. I
heard the Senator from Maryland say that
somebody had got gloves. My God, sirl I
never heard of a Senator getting gloves; I
never heard of them getting pocket-books. I
do remember that we were called upon to wit-
ness the ceremonies consequent upon the de-
cease of a brother member ; some of the officers
carried about crape and gloves, and some-
times I got a pair of gloves when I was a pall-
bearer, but I threw them by as I did the piece
of crape. In the first place they were too
worthless to be worn, and then I did not think
it would be proper for a Senator to carry out
of this House part of the mourning trappings
which had been furnished to him; and I take it
for granted that i t is so with every other member.
In my experience here I have found that
every little while somebody comes up with a
great reform, and when investigated it turns
out to be a very little matter. If the officers
of this body have not done their duty in taking
care of the interests of the Senate it is the
province of our committee to look into it, and
1 have no doubt they will do it faithfully ; but
I will never consent that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall dictate to the Senate of the
United States what they shall do in the dis-
bursement of their contingent fund. We are
responsible to the States as they are to their
immediate constituents.
I shall vote with my friend from Minnesota
because I wish to send this bill back to the
gentlemen of the House and let them reflect a
little while and let the very economical gentle-
men who sent this provision here say whether
they are willing to pay for stationery and news-
papers out of their pockets. I have no doubt
they will forget their patriotism if they are
forced to that alternative.
Mr. ANTHONY. The remedy for all these
petty abuses is in restricting the purchases to
proper articles. All of what the Senator from
Iowa calls haberdashery should be excluded
from the stationery-room ; and then let every
Senator judge for himself how many letters he
wants to write and how much paper and how
many envelopes and how many quills and how
much ink he wants to use. I know there have
been many things from time to time included
in the purchases of the stationery-room that
amount to abuses, not very great in amount
but still abuses that should be corrected. I
saw in the paper which has been shown here
containing the items charged against Senators
Cologne put down as part of the purchases of
the stationery-room. I happened since I saw
that paper, and while the discussion has been
going on, to see the stationery clerk, and he
tells me that he never saw any Cologne in the
stationery-room, and he presumes it was some
very small quantity bought for the barber-shop.
I presume that is all the foundation there is for
that slander. I am inclined to vote for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Minnesota to strike
out all the stationery and begin under a new
system.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken resulted—
yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Cameron, Cattcll, Chan-
dler, Conkling, Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Terry, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
nrd, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, and Wade—24.
NAYS—Messrs. BucKalew, Cole, Conness, Davis,
Doolittlc, Edmunds, Fessenden, Grimes, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Ross, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin. Guthrie, Nor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, and Yates—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew in the Senate
the proposition which was voted on in Com-
mittee, to strike out the whole proviso.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to amend the
bill by striking out the words which will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows :
Provided, That hereafter no member of either
House of Congress shall be allowed stationery or
newspapers or commutation thereof.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The vote has just been
taken on inserting those words.
Mr. SUMNER. The proviso I move to
strike out is the one on which the vote was
taken in committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts is in error. That question was
voted on in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to move to strike out the proviso. It has
been amended, and is not the same proposition
which was voted on before.
Mr. SUMNER. The proviso, I understand,
has been modified. I propose to strike out the
whole proviso.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is in order. The proviso has been amend-
ed, and this is not the same proposition that
the Senate voted on before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that this
is a motion to strike out what we have just
put in. I wish the Secretary would read the
proviso.
The Secretary. The proviso now reads
" provided that hereafter" 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those are the only words
of the original proviso .now left. Does that
alter the case?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
it does. It is not the same provision. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to strike out the proviso.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On that ques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY. What are the words to be
stricken out ?
• Mr. SUMNER. The whole proviso.
Mr. FERRY. Let the words be read.
The Secretary. The proviso aa amended
reads as follows :
Provided, That hereafter no member of either
House of Congress sball be allowed stationery or
newspapers or any commutation thereof.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out all
beginning with the word "provided," so that
there shall be no proviso there.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Conness, Davis,
Doohttle, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuy-
sen, Howe, Johnson, Morriil of Maine, Morton, Ross,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and YVilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron. Cattell, Chan-
dler, Conkling, Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Fowler,
Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Morgan, Morriil of Vermont, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, and Trumbull—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Guthrie, Nor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, and Yates—8.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
what the item in the twenty-first line—"for
newspapers, $12,500"—means. We have
spent a great deal of time over the proviso to
that line, and now I should be glad to have
him explain how a deficiency could occur for
newspapers for members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. Is there not a law or a regula-
tion which limits the members of that body to
a certain sum in that respect, and, if so, how
can a deficiency occur?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose they
have expended as a matter of fact for news-
papers §12,500 more than was appropriated at
any former session of Congress, and it therefore
makes a deficiency to that extent.
Mr. GRIMES. They did it under a special
resolution adopted by the House declaring that
each member should be entitled for the ad-
journed session of Congress to as many news-
papers and as much stationery as duriDg an
ordinary session of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did they do that for the
March session and for the July session also?
Mr. GRIMES. Either at the July or the
March session; I think at the July session.
That has occasioned it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of this committee if he is disposed to give
