3712
THE-. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
dent? Will not other States having public
lands bo sure to quote this as a precedent, and
come here and ask appropriations of laud for
the improvement of rivers aud falls and various
Other things?
Mr. POMEIIOY. That matter was a good
deal considered by the committee. In the first
place, there are no other States that we know
of that have got any St. Anthony's Falls to
protect and save. There are other States that
have rivers the navigation of which they would
be glad to have aided ; but this is peculiarly
important, not simply to Minnesota, but to the
whole region of country below, and we thought
it very desirable to save the Falls of St. An-
thony. I do not want to take up time this
morning. I merely desired to have the Senate
understand exactly what the bill is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not prescntwhen
this bill was considered by the Committee on
Public Lands, but I am glad that they reported
in its favor, and especially am I glad that they
reported the umendmcnt. The destruction of
the Falls of St. Anthony would be one of the
greatest losses to the northwestern country, not
only a loss of the most remarkable water-power
perhaps to be found in all that region, but
probably the destruction of the navigation of
that portion of the river above the falls, so
that 1 think if there be any national work to
which we can appropriate a small portion of
the public lands this bill provides for such a
work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
that if it is established that this is a great im-
provement ] shall have no hesitation m voting
for this bill. That being taken for granted, as
I understand it is, one thing is very certain,
that either money would be appropriated out
of the Treasury to accomplish it or lands must
be given. As it is very certain that the only
way in which the whole country can "have any
benefit from the public lands is by appropri-
ating them to national works, I am very glad to
see it take that turn, and I should be glad to
get some small share of the public lands for
other parts of the country in that way. I think
it would be a very great improvement on the
present system of disposing of them. They
will be sure to go for local purposes entirely
unless they are used in this way.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, aud passed.
OltDKIl OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ingliour having expired the unfinished business
of yesterday is regularly before the Senate,
being the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 13!))
excluding from the Electoral College votes of
States lately m rebellion which shall not have
been reorganized.
Mr. HARLAN. I think, under the rules
of the Senate, there is a prior special order.
If I remember the rules correctly, when two
special orders conflict, the one assigned first is
to take priority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The unfinished business
of the preceeding day always overrides special
orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business overrides any special "order.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask then that that joint
resolution be passed over informally for the
purpose of taking up some district bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot consent to that.
This is a measure of great importance, if there
is any value at all in it, and if not it ought to
be disposed of adversely. After the fate it has
had I cannot consent to have it postponed.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move that it be
postponed for the purpose of proceeding with
the consideration of bills pertaining to the
District of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope that will not be
done.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMONDS. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to what the question
is, and to state to the Senate that if they post-
pone this measure, with a view to proceed to
the consideration of local business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, I shall take it as an evidence
that the Senate do not desire to consider it
and shall give it up. That is all I have to say.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to have the
question put with any such understanding. It
is probable that I shall vote for the measure
of the Senator from Vermont when it comes
to be considered; at least I do not wish to
pledge myself by an adverse vote to continu-
ing its consideration now, to vote against it on
its merits; but I hope this question will not be
decided by any such consideration.
Congress has exclusive jurisdiction of the
District of Columbia. It is the only legisla-
tive body that can make laws for the people of
this District. It has been usual heretofore to
assign several days during each session of Con-
gress for the consideration of District business.
During this session, a protracted session, the
.Senate has seen proper not to give this com-
mittee a single day thus far, and although a
day was assigned heretofore, an important bill
was permitted to press the consideration of
District' business from the attention of the
Senate; and if the measure in charge of the
Senator from Vermont should now supersede
the District business, I should hardly have a
hope that we could dispose of that business
during this session. If the Senate will sustain
its previous action op this subject, this day
having been formally assigned for District busi-
ness, I will pledge myself to be as economical
of time as possible, and only call up bills which
are quite important, and which I think will
not elicit very much discussion, and I shall
hope .to get through with tliein in the course
of an hour and a half or two hours at the
outside.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will take no more time
to finish this measure now than it will on any
other day; aud if the Senator supposes that
the District of Columbia business can never
be considered unless it is considered now, the
same may be said of the measure which is reg-
ularly under consideration. Ft will be crowded
off, as the Senator from Ohio has given me
notice that he will be obliged to insist on Mon-
day upon the consideration of the tax bill and
the other bills of that nature. If this measure
is to be considered at all it must be considered
now.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me the business of
the District of Columbia ought to take its place
quite at the foot of the Calendar of the busi-
ness of Congress. It cannot be of so much
importance as the business which relates to
the whole country. It certainly should not be
permitted to take precedence of a measure
with regai d to the votes of the Electoral Col-
lege, on which may depend the election of
President aud Vice President.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe that the District
business has been really at the foot of the list
through the entire session. One day was set
apart for that business, but our chairman gave
way in order that another very important bill
might be disposed of. This day again has been
formally set apart, and I think that by going on
with it we can dispose of that business very
promptly, and elicit but little discussion. I
think it ought to be done. I desire to give my
support to the measure of the Senator from
Vermont as 1 understand it, but I am still very
anxious that we shall dispose of some of the
District of Columbia business, which has been
accumulating on our hands, and which it is
very important should be disposed of. I hope
the Senate will sustain that committee in having
this dav, which was set apart for its business.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very sorry, on this
question of the order of business, to be obliged
to vote against considering the measure of the
Senator from Vermont ; but as a member of
the Committee on tlic District Columbia 1
uniled with my colleagues there in an instruc-
tion to our chairman to move the Senate for a
day this week in order to act upon the press-
ing business already reported by that commit-
tee. The Senate will bear in mind that Ihe
committee has not had a day during the pres-
ent session, or at least for a long time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has had a great many
bills passed.
Mr. SUMNER. It has had some few bills
passed, but there is a great deal of urgent
business that has not been attended to, and
the Senate cannot forget that Congress has
exclusive jurisdiction of the District of Colum-
bia, and that, therefore, it has thrown upon
it peculiar responsibilities. Under these cir-
cumstances, I do not think the Senator from
Iowa ought to lose the precedence that he has
gained for the business of his committee by
having this day set apart expressly for its con-
sideration three or four days ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has not obtained any
precedence. When that day was set apart
every Senator present understood that, by the
rules, if there was any unfinished business of
yesterday it would be the first business in
order to-day at one o'clock, standing first on the
list of the special orders. We have made this
same order a dozen times this season, and the,
unfinished business of the day before has been
considered.
Mr. HARLAN. The spirit of the rule will
not sustain the Senator from Vermont in in-
sisting on taking up his bill. It will be remem-
bered by the Senate that it was called up at
the moment of adjournment last evening. It
is not, therefore, in point of fact, the unfinished
business. It was not before the Senate and
being considered when the Senate adjourned.
It was called up by the Senator with his usual
adroitness, to which I take no exception, just
at tUe last moment in the expiring hours of
the session of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. In order to oust the Dis-
trict business.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not say for the pur-
pose of ousting that business, for I suppose
the Senator would have done the same thing
if any other business had been assigned for to-
day : but I wish to call attention to the fact
that the spirit of the rule of the Senate will
not sustain the position of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator forgets that
this measure was under consideration before,
and was once crowded out, and therefore it
was perfectly just to get it on the Calendar
again as soon as possible.
Mr. HARLAN. That can be said of a dozen
bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conn ess, Corbett, Davis,
Fowler, Harlan, Hendricks, Howe. Johnson, Me-
Creery, McDonald, Morgan, Osborn, Patterson of
Now Hampshire, Ramsey, Sumner, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Vickors, Welch, Willey.and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, igonkhnpt, Cracin,
Drake. Edmunds, Fessemlen,IVeliughuysoh, Mornll
I of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Ross, Sher-
l man, Stewart, Wade, and Wiilimnb—16.
I A1JSENT™ Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
| Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Terry, Gnmes, Hender-
! son, Howard, Norton, xvye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Iiioo, Saulsbury, Sprague, Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Wilson—20.
So the motion of Mr. Harlan was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In pursuance of what I
stated, I take this as an evidence of the dispo-
sition of the Senate not to consider the joint
resolution, and I give notice that I shall not
again ask the Senate to take it up.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN C1IORCII.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 502.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 502) to incorporate the congregation of
the First Presbyterian Oliurch, of Washington,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to create Francis H. Smith,
N. P. Cliipuian, Otis C. Wight, A. D. Robin-
