164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Rkps.
Reconstruction, d:c—31r. Benton.
40th Gong....2d Sess.
they repudiated this construction of the act,
and reiused to consent to liis removal; and
now that the President has removed him, they
declare his act of removal unlawful and uncon-
stitutional, and threaten to remove him, to
depose him, to put m his place a gentleman
whom his own constituency, his own State,
have repudiated. If they fear not the verdict
of history on this extraordinary conduct, they
furnish a signal example for the application of
the ancient maxim that " whom the gods would
destroy they first make mad."
I hold, therefore, that there is an absolute
and disgraceful failure in this case to estab-
lish against the President the commission of
any high crime or misdemeanor. If the law
be valid, and he has misconstrued it, still his
act is but an error of judgment, and lacks
every element of crime. If he has erred in
judgment that error has been prompted in
great part by the opinions of Mr. Stanton and
the constructions of this civil-tenure act by
Radical Senators. It is wonderful, it is amaz-
ing, that gentlemen are willing to go upon the
record in so solemn a matter upon so shadowy
and flimsy grounds.
But if my construction of this civil-tenure
law is not the true and correct one, then 1
submit, Mr. Speaker, that the men who framed
and passed it did it for the purpose of laying
a trap, of building a net-work, into which they
hoped to entice this high officer of the Govern-
ment for the very purpose of giving them an
opportunity to depose him from power and to
usurp functions that never did and never ought
to belong to the legislative department of the
Government. But I will not put upon it this
construction. I prefer to give it the other. I
prefer to believe that this law was enacted, as
all laws ought to be enacted, with the honest
intention on the part of the law-makers to
enact a law and leave it to the other proper
tribunals of the country to construe and exe-
cute it until its authoritative interpretation
shall have been determined by the judicial
department of the Government.
Now, sir, we are told by the learned gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweu.J who
last addressed the House that Mr. Johnson
has no term of office; that he is simply the
representative of the unexpired term ot Presi-
dent Lincoln. We have it announced to this
House l'or the first time in the history of legis-
lation that a dead officer can have a term!
What is JSIr. Lincoln's term that President
Johnson is called upon to fill? The Constitu-
tion says that when the President dies the
duties of liis office shall devolve upon the Vice
President. What does that mean? It simply
means, what in the uniform experience and
practice of the Government it has always been
held to mean, that the Vice President thence-
forward becomes the President of the United
States—neither more nor less. I hold, then,
that every power that Mr. Johnson would pos-
sess as President of the United Stales, if he
had been directly elected by the people, he
does now possess; and those powers cannot,
either by a decree of this House or by any other
power, be taken from him so far as they are
secured by the Constitution of the country.
Mr. Speaker, it is also urged by the majority
in this House that the President lias committed
a high crime or misdemeanor in appointing
General Thomas to act as Secretary ot War ad
interim. If my view as to liis right to remove
Mr. Stanton be correct, then it follows as an
inevitable legal conclusion that his power tem-
porally to fill the vacancy caused by the re-
moval exists also. The right to fill all such
vacancies is expressly provided for by the act
of February 13,1795. Thataetgives the Pres-
ident power to authorize any person for a
period of six months to perforin theduties of the
head of a Department in case of a vacancy
from any cause. That act, therefore, embraced
the power to supply temporarily any vacancy
arising from removal or the expiration of term
of office. It is said that that act has been
repealed by the law of February 20, 1863, but
by its terms the latter act only gave power to
the President to authorize the head of any other
executive Department, or any officer in either
of said Departments appointed by the Presi-
dent, to perform for six months the duties of
any Secretary whose office shall be vacant by
reason of "death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, or sickness," and in
no other case. It therefore does not repeal the
law of 1795 as to the power to fill temporarily
any vacaucy in such an office occasioned by
removal or the expiration of an official term.
These several laws do not purport in terms
to repeal any particular preexisting laws, and
can only do so, therelore, by implication. But,
by a settled canon of legal construction, no
subsequent enactment shall be allowed to re-
peal a former one by implication, except so far
as the provisions of the last act are manifestly
inconsistent with the preceding one. There is
in the civil-tenure act no repealing clause. So
far, therefore, as it operates to repeal former
laws it must do so by implication alone. It is
clear, in my judgment, that, rightly construed,
the civil-tenure act leaves the power and right
of the President to remove the Secretary of
War untouched, unchanged, and that, there-
fore, the provisions of the act of 1705 are un-
repealed, and give ample power to the Presi-
dent to authorize the Adjutant General to per-
form the duties of Secretary ad interim.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, it. does appear
t,o me—and when I say it I mean no personal
offense or parliamentary discourtesy—that this
third attack by this House upon the President,
bitter, fierce, and malignant as it appears to
me to be, is, if possible, more baseless and
unjustifiable than either of the others, and be-
trays a wicked purpose, by the merciless exer-
cise of the despotism of a dominant majority,
to override and trample down the Constitution
and to subordinate a coordinate department of
the Government to the legislative will. I con-
fess my inability to express the painful and dis-
quieting extent of uiy conviction that, day by
day and step by step, the most cherished princi-
ples and ino.st valuable and etleetive safe-guards
m our institutions are being strickcn down, and
we are very rapidly approaching a complete sub-
version oi our system of government.
It is to me a source ot unfeigned surprise
that intelligent and learned gentlemen can
persuade themselves or attempt to persuade
others that they see in the conduct of the
President any evidence of unlawful, unconsti-
tutional, wicked, or even unpatriotic inten-
tions. It does apjiear to me that, beset by
embarrassments unparalleled in our history,
subjected to Uials and tests of fidelity almost
without precedent in number and character,
pursued by a spirit of persecution and cruelty
never equalled in our partisan struggles, the
great wonder is that the President has notcom-
mitted more errors than he has, that he has
been at all times so self-possessed, and has
maintained with such unflagging zeal his devo-
tion to the Constitution and to its reestablisli-
ment throughout our whole country. What-
ever may be the issue of this struggle, I feel
profoundly assured that the verdict of future
history will afford liim a just and triumphant
vindication.
iiceonstrucliou I lie Retard and Policy
of tiie i^eraocratic Party.
SPEECH OF HON. JACOB BENTON,
01' NEW UA.MI'SUIIIK,
In the House of Representatives.
Jb\bniuvy 2j. lbGS.
The House, ;is m Commutes of the Whole, hav-
ing under consideration the Piesidcnt/d aui.u^f mes-
sage—
Mr. BEN'TO-V said:
Mr. SlT.AKElL: Tin- Constitution declares that
the President shall from time to time give to
Congress information of Ihe state of the Union,
and recommend to their consideration such
measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient. When this constitutional duty is
discharged in a candid and statesmanlike man-
ner, the statements and recommendations of
the chief executive officer of the nation are
not only entitled to the respectful and careful
consideration of Congress, but, asallwill admit,
should exert an important influence in legisla-
tion. The President, in his late annual mes-
sage, instead of giving to Congress and the
country a just exposition of the state of the
Union inrespeet to the condition of the revolted
States, and the true cause of the delay in the
work of reconstruction, presents a portraiture
as false to the living reality, as verified by the
current history of the times, as his whole ad-
ministration lias been to the party which ele-
vated him to power, and to the great cause of
just, impartial, free institutions in this country.
With the air of an autocrat and the assurance
of one " wiser in his own conceit than seven
men that can render a reason," he arraigns
Congress and hurls his denunciations and
anathemas at the liepresentatives of the peo-
ple and of States as if lie were indeed sole
monarch instead of a mere servant or agent
of the people to execute their laws. When the
President of the United States so far departs
from the appropriate sphere of his high office
as to engage in mere personal or partisan con-
troversies, he thereby, in a great measure, for-
feits and sacrifices his influence, not only with
the people, but with the legislative branch of
the Government.
Andrew Johnson has, therefore, no just cause
to complain, as he does, that the Executive
lias, in a measure, become powerless with Con-
gress. If such be the fact in respect to him-
self, it is but the legitimate result of the ex-
treme and arbitrary measures which lie has
attempted to force upon the country, of his
gross and dangerous usurpations of power, and
of his persistent determination to dominate the
law to, instead of receiving it from, Congress.
On the 2'Jth day of May, 1865, after the close
of the war by the surrender of the confederate
forces in the field, the President declared by
proclamation all governments in the rebel
States overturned or destroyed by the rebellion
in its revolutionary course, and undertook to
reorganize and restore those States to all their
former rights and privileges in the Union, dic-
tating who should vote and participate in re-
construction, and who should not, and what
acts and measures should or should not be
adopted. On the assembling of Congress in
December of that year he called upon its re-
spective bodies to acknowledge the work as
accomplished by an immediate admission of
Senators and liepresentatives, chosen by such
portion of the people as he himself had enfran-
chised, and under such organizations as he had
seen fit to prescribe and control.
But an American Congress, in view of the
terrible sacrifices of blood and the enormous
expenditure of treasure that had been made to
save the life of the nation, and with a h'.srh
sense of duty and of obligation to the loyal
people and the brave defenders of the lleynib-
lic, was not thus to be ignored, or overruled
by the one-man power. With a degree of
firmness and patriotism commensurate with
the momentous issue at stake. Congress at
once took measures to assert its constitutional
prerogative. Sti'l'the President persisted, and
arioganlly denied to Congress alt rightful
authoiity or constitutional power over the
subject, and attempted to coerce and dragoon
SenAtoi'b and Representatives into a surrender
ot their legislative functions, by the adoption
of his policy tor the restoration of the rebel
States.
Being unsuccessful in this, his first welt-
matured, bold plan, to betray the loyal people
ot those States and of the coumry into the
! hands, power, ar.d control of the rebel traitois
