1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction, cbe.—Mr. Benton.
Ho. of Reps.
of the South and their confederates of the
North, and stung with mortification and mad-
ness at the defeat of his favorite scheme, on the
22d of February, 18GC, in apublic speech from
the steps of the White House, in the most vio-
lent, vindictive, and excited language personally
assailing individual members of Congress, the
President of the United States proclaimed his
implacable hostility to the policy of a majority
of that body ; which, from that day to this, he
has maintained with a zeal, a perseverance, a
determination, and a measure of ability which,
had he employed it in aiding Congress in the
restoration of the Union upon a just basis, and
the adoption of appropriate measures for the
elevation of his countrymen to the full enjoy-
ment of their civil arid political rights, his name
would have been enrolled, not where it stands
to-day among the oppressors and persecutors
of the weak and the lowly, but among the dis-
tinguished benefactors of mankind. And, in
respect to the former bondmen of this country,
while history will assign to the late lamented
martyred Lincoln of immortal fame the high
distinction of a Moses, it would have accorded
to him the scarcely less proud preeminence of
a Joshua, -who succeeded the great Hebrew
leader just as he had conducted the children of
Israel to the borders of the promised land. So
Andrew Johnson became the successor of Abra-
ham Lincoln just as the shackles fell from four
million bondmen. But instead of leading
them forth to the inheritance of their Canaan—
the promised land of liberty, the whole vast
power and patronage of his Administration
have been employed to restore them to the
exclusive power and dominion of their for-
mer task-masters and oppressors—a condition
scarcely less to be deplored than slavery itself.
Who ever so utterly failed to comprehend his
high providential position? Whoever, in all
history, for want of faith in the eternal princi-
ples of justice and the sublime teachings of
God's providence, discarded such an oppor-
tunity to enroll his name on records of a fame
as wide as the world, and as enduring as time?
But the cause will not be lost; it may be
delayed because men in high places of power
prove faithless, and refuse to share in the glo-
rious work of deliverance to the captive. The
work will go on. The just and tlie good are
already enlisted in its behalf. God has decreed
it, and " the gates of hell" and all the powers
of darkness and Democracy cannot prevail
against its final consummation.
I now invite your attention to the action of
Congress in respect to reconstruction. Its first
measure was the submission to the several
States, for their adoption, of the fourteenth arti-
cle as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; and the general understanding,
both in and out of Congress, was that if the
South, as then understood, should ratify and
agree to that amendment, then her State gov-
ernments would be accepted by Congress.
That amendment was as follows, in substance :
By the first section, all men born upon our soil
were declared to be citizens of the United
States. The second section provided, that when
a race or class of men were excluded from the
right of suffrage, they should not be counted
in the basis of representation. The third, that
the leaders of the South who had taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and who had afterward engaged in the
rebellion, should be ineligible to any office
under the Government of the United States or
of a State. The fourth section provided, that
the United States should never assume, or
pay, any portion of the rebel debt, and that
it should never pay the rebels for their slaves.
Terms more liberal or lenient were never before
offered by a conquering to a conquered people.
Still, such terms, so generous, so mild and
pacific, extended as an olive branch of peace
to the South, to harmonize and restore the
Union, were at once most violently assailed by
Andrew Johnson and his Conservative and
Democratic supporters all over the country, as
unjust, arbitrary, and unconstitutional.
The South, instigated and inspired by this
opposition in all the States of the rebellion,
scornfully, defiantly, rejected those proffered
terms for harmony and conciliation. Then,
from the stern exigencies of the case, growing
out of the rebellious spirit of unrepentant rebels
in all those States, and the cries for protection
that came up from that devoted land like the
wail of despair from millions of the oppressed,
persecuted, and down-trodden loyal friends
and defenders of the Union, Congress, after
hesitating and delaying long, too long, at last
interposed, and asserted its authority by ex-
tending over those people the strong arm of
the military power. Then denunciations fiercer
still came forth from tire White House, echoed
and reechoed by Conservatives, Democrats,
and their rebel brethren both North and South.
These measures are constantly assailed by
prominent Democrats on this floor in the
severest terms of which the English language
is capable. They have been characterized
as a '"disgrace to the age, an outrage upon
civilization."
I submit, then, that this must be an age in
which it has become disgraceful for a great
nation to enact laws for the protection of its
own defenders and to stay the hand of ven-
geance, cruelty, and crime, and thatcivilization
one whose institutions are still based upon the
principles of injustice and slavery as theirchief
corner-stone. That Congress lias ample power
and constitutional authority to adopt these
measures is affirmed by the highest legal author-
ity in the nation. In fact, it has hardly been
questioned by the ablest lawyers among those
who participated in the rebellion. It has been
reserved for Andrew Johnson and the leaders
of the Democratic party to discover their un-
constitutionality.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I prefer to rest my judg-
ment on the plain reading of the Constitution,
on the authority of the first legal mind of the
nation, and the solemnly expressed opinions
of the many able and distinguished lawyers who
have sanctioned the constitutionality of these
measures upon their oaths, than on any such
declarations in opposition as have been ex-
pressed in this House, the Senate, or the coun-
try. To narrow the question down to the au-
thority of two men 1 must say that I have rather
more confidence in the judgment, upon a ques-
tion of constitutional law, of the ripe states-
man, the able and distinguished jurist, Heverdy
Johnsojt, who has affirmed the constitutionality
of these measures with his vote and his oath,
than in that of Andrew Johnson, although the
latter may have more recently occupied a seat
upon the bench.
The constant assertions of the President and
his Democratic allies of the unconstitutionality
of these measures challenge a comparison in
this respect with the executive Democratic
policy of reconstruction. The President un-
dertook to reconstruct the rebel States on the
ground that the people of those States had
been deprived by the rebellion of all civil
governments therein, as appears by his own
proclamation, under which he undertook the
work of reconstruction in Noitli Carolina in
18G5.
I refer to this as containing the substance of
all his other proclamations to the other sev-
eral rebel States. In this proclamation he
says:
"And whereas the rebellion which has been wa^ed
by a portion of the people of the United States
against the properly constituted authorities of the
Government thereof, in the nio*t revolting form,
but whose organized and firmed forces have now
been almost entirely overcome, has, in its revolu-
tionary progress, deprived the people of the State
of North Carolina of ail civil government.''
Here the destruction of the government in
North Carolina is expressly asserted by the
President, and lie bases his authority for his j
action, as appears by the same proclamation, !
on the fourth section of the fourth article of
the Constitution of the United States. This
article provides that the United States shall
guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government. Now, how shall
the United States execute this guarantee? This
question is answered in the plainest language
in the eighth section of article first of the Con-
stitution, to wit:
"Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States or any Department or officer
thereof."
It would seem that this language of the Con-
stitution is so clear, so direct and comprehen-
sive, that no one need err as to the grant of
the power or how it is to be executed.
The Constitution, then, having charged upon
Congress the execution of the guarantee of a
republican form of government to each of the
States, all the power and discretion necessary
to be exercised in the performance of that
guarantee are also conferred. This I apprehend
to be a principle too well settled to be ques-
tioned. That Congress is to be the sole judge
of what government in a State is republican in
form has long since been affirmed in the case
of Luther vs. Borden, in the Supreme Court
of the United States, as reported in 7 Howard.
In this case the court decide that the right to
execute the constitutional guarantee is placed
in Congress alone ; therefore, the plain read-
ing of the Constitution is confirmed by the
highest judicial authority in this country. The
case also decides—the late Chief Justice Taney
delivered the opinion—that the power is not
judicial, but that it is one of the highest pow-
ers conferred upon Congress, and that it is not
subject to be reviewed by the Supreme Court,
because it is political in its nature. The prin-
ciple is clearly deducible from the case that
neither the President nor the court has power
to execute the guarantee. Congress must exe-
cute it by adopting the necessary legislation, to
be submitted to the Executive, as in other
cases, for his approval; if he disapproves, it
may become a law by being repassed by the
requisite two-thirds majority.
Congress has provided measures which have
been so adopted for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States and to enable the peo-
ple of those States to organize loyal republican
State governments, preparatory to their res-
toration to all their former rights and relations
to the Union. In providing these measures
Congress has only exercised the power and
discretion conferred by the Constitution ; and
being alone expressly charged with the exe-
cution of the guarantee, as before stated, its
action is conclusive and binding upon all other
departments of the Government. The power
necessary to accomplish the end and the means
to be employed are left entirely to the judg-
ment and discretion of Congress. Now, I
submit; what right or authority had the Presi-
dent, under the foregoing or any other provis-
ions of the Constitution, to reconstruct or to
direct or control the reconstruction of civil
governments in those States? None, I answer,
unless lie is the United States or could exer-
cise the functions of the Congress thereof.
Therefore, after the surrender of the confed-
erate forces in the field, in what he did to pro-
vide State governments for those States he
exercised powers invested in the Government
of the United States, to be enforced and put
into execution by Congress, subject only to the
negative power of the President by veto. The
President then, after the assumption and exer-
cise of powers not conferred upon him by the
Constitution, but upon Congress, turns around
and denounces that body for attempting to per-
form the work required of them by the express
terms of the Constitution. He denounces Con-
gress for the exercise of no greater authority
or powers by the express provisions of the
Constitution than he has attempted to exer-
