1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sot
son, Zenas C. Robbins, and their associates,
who are now or may hereafter become mem-
bers of the congregation of the First Presbyte-
rian Church of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, under the rules, regulations, or by-
laws of the same, a body-corporate under the
name of "The Congregation of the First Pres-
byterian Church of Washington," with perpet-
ual succession, who are to exercise and enjoy
all such powers as are usually vested in corpo-
rations. and as may be necessary or incident to
sustaining religious worship, Sabbath schools,
missionary, and charitable enterprises in the
District of Columbia, and no others. The cor-
poration is to be exempt from any taxes to be
assessed upon its corporate property under the
authority of Congress or of the city or county
of Washington; but the value of all property
so exempt is not to exceed $'200,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CONNECTICUT AVENIJE AND PARK RAILWAY
Mr. HA.ELAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 420.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 420) to incorporate the Connecticut
Avenue and Park Railway Company in the
Di.stiiet of Columbia was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. By the bill Augus-
tus R. Stoughton, John Little, John L. Kid-
well, George H. Plant, Le Hoy Tuttle, G. W.
Hopkins, 11. M. Hall, and their associates and
assigns, are to be created a body-corporate,
under the name of the Connecticut Avenue
and Park Railway Company, with authority
to construct and lay down a single or double-
track railway, with the necessary switches and
turnouts, in the city of Washington, through
and along the following avenues, streets, and
highways: commencing at the intersection of
Seventeenth street west and Pennsylvania
avenue, along the west side of Seventeenth
street to its intersection with II street north,
thence along Seventeenth street west to its
intersection with Connecticut avenue, thence
along Connecticut avenue to Boundary street;
also, from the intersection of Boundary street
and Connecticut avenue along the county road
from such intersection, thence on any road
opened, or which may hereafter be opened,
west of the Fourteenth street road, to within
or through the proposed public park, or to the
county line' of Washington county, with the
right to run public carriages thereon drawn
by horse-power, receiving therefor a rate of
fare not. exceeding six cents a passenger for
any distance on said road. Should a majority
of stockholders so elect, the road, after reach-
ing the intersection of Boundary street and
Connecticut avenue, instead of continuing
from that intersection up the county road now
opened, may be constructed along Boundary
street in the direction of Meridian Hill to any
county road opened, or which may hereafter
be opened, west of Sixteenth street west, and
thence along that county road by the most
practicable route to the terminus near, at, in,
or through the proposed park, as before pro-
vided.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee the propriety of so amending
this bill as to require the gauge of this road to
be the same with that of the road on Pennsyl-
vania avenue and oilier roads in the city. It
is important to the people of the city for this
reason, that they are now having their carriages
constructed with a view to make them fit the
track, run upon the track of the other roads.
That is a matter of great convenience to the
people. This bill allows the gauge of this road
to be between four and six feet, and it would
enable the company so to vary their gauge,
even but very little, as to prevent the use of
their track by the carriages, wagons, and
vehicles of the city. These railroad tracks
ought to be of uniform width, so that the peo-
ple can have their carriages and wagons made
to fit them.
40tii Coito. 2d Sess.—No. 233.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I therefore move to so
amend the bdl as_ to provide that iho- gauge
shall be the same with that of the street rail-
road on Pennsylvania avenue. I suppose that
will accomplish the purpose.
The Ciiii;f Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill in section three, line thirteen, by strik-
ing out the words •' Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road," and inserting " Washingtonand George-
town railroad;" so that the clause will read:
And tho carnage? shall not bo loss than six feet in
width, the yaufre to correspond with that of the
"Washington and Georgetown laiiroad.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me the
railroad company would make that provision
anyhow in constructing the road, and it is
unnecessary to send the bill back to the House
if that is all the amendment that is necessary in
the bill.
Mr. MORTON. Those other words were
put in there for some purpose. They ought
not to he in the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some of the citizens
of this District have spoken to me about, this
bill. They want to build the road this fall,
and if the bill is amended it will go back to
the House of Representatives, and )t may not,
perhaps, be reached there. That is (he only
objection I can see to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] that till the street
railroads built now are built upon what is
called the uniform gauge. The two roads that
are built here have the same gauge, as I hap-
pen to know, as I drive over tiiSm very often,
and wagons are generally built upon that
gauge.
Mr. MORTON. This bill provides that it
may be between four and six teet.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that, as
a matter of convenience in transporting their
cars fiom the depot to the railroad, they will
have the same gauge. I do not think the
amendment necessary, and as it may embar-
rass the bill, I hope the Senator will withdraw it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The only objection I
have to it is that it may possibly defeat the
bill in the House.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not believe there
is any doubt that such an amendment will
be concurred in by the House, and the ques-
tion being raised, it might be an object to
the company to make this road of a different
gauge for the very purpose of keeping the
street free from carriages.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I think the gauge of the Georgetown and
Washington railroad is required to be the same
as that of the Baltimore railroad, and this bill
requires the gauge of this road to be the same
as the Baltimore road. That can be ascer-
tained by looking at the law; and in order that
the Senator from Indiana may have an oppor-
tunity to look at the charter of the Washington
and Georgetown railroad to see if that is not
so, I will ask that the bill be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that it would be safe in either case
with this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no personal objec-
tion to the amendment. I think tho House
will pass it.
Mr. MORTON. I think so. I think the
amendment is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. TODD.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
Sroeeed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
fo. 503) for the relief William B. Todd.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to refund to Wil-
liam B. Todd, of the city of Washington, the
sum of $819, for money paid by him to the
United States, on the 27th of June, 1856, for
certain land in the city of Washington, being
the south half of lot No. 15. in square No. G3(i,
which had been before sold and the United
States paid therefor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON TARGET ASSOCIATION'.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 344.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 341) t.0 incorporate
the ''Washington Target-shooting Association"
in the District of Columbia. It proposes to
incoiporate and make a body corporate of
Charles Klotnan, Frederick Huegter, Oharlea
Kbel, John II. Stailcy, Adolf Cluss, G. Dill,
Gustav Hartig, B. IIciizr, John Kessel, Casper
Kneessi, 10. L. Schmidt, Richard Wallach, M.
Miehler, Lewis Clephano, and A. C. Riehards,
of Washington city, in the District of Colum-
bia, and their associates and successors, by the
name of the '• Washington Target-shooting
Association," for the purpose of establishing
and maintaining, in the District of Colum-
bia, a "park," designated and named the
" Washington Schuotzen Park," the object of
which shall bo moral and social, and to acquire
proficiency and skill as marksmen. The capi-
tal stock of the eorpouition is not to exceed
$100,000, and the stock is to bo divided into
shares of twenty live dollars each.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 suggest to the
chairman of the committee whether there should
not be some limitation on the amount of prop-
erty authorized to be held by this corporation.
The bill authorizes them to hold personal and
real estate.
Mr. 1L-CRLAN. 1 have no objection to such
an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There should
bo a limitation providing that it should not
exceed a certain sum.
Mr. H ARLAN. I have no objection to such
an amendment, if the Senator will suggest it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 have.not the
slightest idea what the amount ought to be.
Perhaps the Senator himself is more familiar
with those institutions, and can tell.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to the Senator
that I understand the whole purpose of the bill
is to enable an association of gentlemen in
this city to secure a deed for a piece of land
that they may hold in common on which they
have erected shooting galleries on the edge of
the city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Would §10,000
be sufficient?
Mr. TIARLAN. I think not. I think the
Senator had better put it at §50,000. Land is
very valuable in that part of the Districts I
think the land cost perhaps twenty or thirty
thousand dollars.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is not ex-
empted from taxation or anything of tha,t
kind?
Mr. ITARLAN. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I only suggest
that there should be a limitation. .
Mr. POMEROY. Put it at §50,000.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. It is moved
to amend the bill by limiting it to $50,000.
Mr. POMEROY. "Notto exceed $50,000."
The Chief Ci.ehk. The amendment is_ to
insert at the end of section four the following
proviso:
Provided, That the amount of real property or
estate to bo held or owned by said association shall
not exceed in value $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. MORTON. I did not listen attentively
to the reading of the bill. I will inquire ot
the chairman whether there is a special limit-
ation in the bill that the property to bet pur-
chased by this company shall be held only for
this purpose ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so.
