1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
Mr. DRAKE. Now I ask for information, ;|
is it necessary to go back through both the j
other votes? May 1 make a motion to reeon- j
siiler on the last one, or must I go back to the
tirst amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota amending the proviso? I voted with the
majority on both.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can at this time move to reconsider any
distinct proposition that has been acted on.
Mr. DRAKE. I move, then, to reconsider
the vote by which the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] to strike ,,
out the proviso, was rejected, and upon that I 11
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is this to reconsider
the vote upon the adoption of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Minnesota?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What was that?
Mr. CONKLING. To strike out the whole
proviso.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think after all the votes
we have taken over this measure the Senator
will arrive at the conclusion at last that it is
best to adopt the suggestion made by the honor-
able Senator from Maine [Mr. fessexden] and
let the whole proviso be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the point now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The two propositions,
that of the Senator irom Minnesota and that
of the Senator from Massachusetts, are so
nearly the same thing, that is to say, one is
precisely the opposite of the other. [Great
laughter.] Well, Mr. President, what I meant
to say was this: that the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts to strike out the
words inserted on .the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota covered so precisely the same
identical question that in my judgment it was
improper for the Senator from Massachusetts
to make his motion at all. I thought the Sen-
ate had just voted to put in the words insisted
on by the Senator from Minnesota, But after
all this confusion, backward and forward, I
think the judgment of the Senate after all is
that we follow the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Maine and let the whole proviso
go out.
Mr. SUMNER. That is my proposition
prsciscly*
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that. So,
if the Senate will reconsider its vote refusing
to adopt the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and then vote in favor of his
proposition, the whole thing will be stricken
out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baekalew, Conn ess, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Freiinghuy-
sen, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Boss,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son— -JO.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, C'onkling, Corbett, Dixon, .Fowler, Grimes,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pattersonof Tennessee, Ramsey, Sherman,Sprague,
Stewart. Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wade—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Guthrie, Nor-
ton, 3s'ye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury. ami Yates—8.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For the purpose of
eliciting an. explanation from the chairman I
move to strike out the nineteenth and twen-
tieth lines, which are in these words:
For folding documents, including materials,$50,000.
I think that is an extraordinary deficiency,
and one that ought not to have occurred. I
can understand that in many of the Depart-
ments there must necessarily occur deficien-
cies; bat why in the folding of documents at
a short session of Congress, when there is no
special occasion for it, a deficiency should
occur, I cannot understand. I do not think it
ought to have occurred. I should like to have
some explanation about it. I believe this defi-
ciency is in the House, ["Yes,''] not in the Sen-
ate. If the chairman has any understanding
of how it originated I should like to know it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would say in
regard to this item that I understand the uni-
versal practice has been for each branch of the
Legislature to supervise the particulars of their
own expenditures and make their own esti-
mates. \Ve relied very much on the estimates of
the Committee of the House and on the action
of the House. Whether the amount is large
or small I cannot say. I believe there is a
letter from the Clerk of the House which
covers the question, and that is the only pre-
cise information we have on the subject, I
seud it to the Secretary and ask him to read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Clerk's opnce
House op Representatives Uxited States,
Washington, 1). O., December 4,1S67.
Sir: There will be required to be appropriated to
supply deficiencies in the contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States for
the present fiscal year the following sums, namely :
for stationery, 815,000; for furniture, repairs, and
packing-boxes for members, $20,000: for newspapers, !
£12,500; for miscellaneous items, £13,000; and for
folding documents, including materials, $50,000. Tho |
deficiencies for newspapers and stationery wero oc- |
caaioned by order of the House of July 5,1867: that
for folding documents, by orderof the House of Rep-
resentatives of July 9, 1887, retaining certain em-
ployes during the late recess, and for materials used
in the distribution of documents; that for miscel-
laneous items, by the payment of expenses of invest-
igating committees; and that for furniture, repairs,
and packing-boxes, by the necessary recarpeting of
committee and other rooms, the purchase of matting
and other materialfortheHall at thesummer session,
by the recushionins of the galleries and the purchase
of new sofas and extra chairs for the Hall. |
Very respectfully,
edward Mcpherson,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Hon. Tiiaddf.us Stevens, Chairman, &c. '
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I made the motion
merely for the purpose of eliciting an explana- ,
tion, having received the explanation I do not
care about pressing it if the Chairman thinks |
the explanation is satisfactory. I think it
extraordinary that such a deficiency should |
occur. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by adding at the end of the proviso inserted on
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota:
And provided further, That no newspaper, period-
ical, or stationery shall be ordered or paid for for any
member of either House by any officer thereof.
We have now provided, as you will see, an
appropriation of $12,500 for the future for
newspapers for the members of the House of
Representatives; and if you leave the bill to
stand just as it does, with the proviso inserted
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
you will have this state of things: you appro-
priate so much money for the purpose of
supplying the House of Representatives with
newspapers, and you declare that no individual
member shall draw newspapers in kind, so to
speak, or be allowed commutation. It leaves
it, therefore, for the Clerk of the House at the
request of any member to order under this
appropriation any newspaper that is wanted.
Now, if we are really serious in this business
do not let us leave a gap of that kind for the
construction of any officer either of this body
or the other. I hope the Senate will agree to
the amendment which I have proposed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think that is right, and I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. I would propose to amend
the amendment by adding a provision that
no money shall be paid to any member of the
Senate or House of Representatives in commu-
tation of newspapers.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is already in my pro-
viso.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I have nothing to
say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed tind the bill to be read the third time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this
bill now appropriates money for the very pur-
pose which we have prohibited any money being
spent for. I suggest to the chairman of the
committee whether he does not desire to strike
out that appropriation. *
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had somedesire
ou that subject, bat I have lost it. I have tried
several times and failed, and I believe my hon-
orable friend has steadily voted against me.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg pardon; I have
voted on the virtuous side.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very glad
of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I perhaps owean apol-
ogy to the Senate for the bull which I made a
short time ago; but it seems to mo the bill
itself is a bigger bull. [Laughter.]
The bill was read the third time and passed.
messaoe from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoit, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 328) to establish certain
post roads; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in rela-
tion to the sale of stock in the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company.
order of business.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 214, to prevent the further retiring and
contraction of the currency. I think it very
important that that question should be settled
before the holidays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to call up the
special order, the cotton tax bill, so that it may
stand as the unfinished business for tO-morrow.
I do not intend to press a vote on it to-night,
as it is so late, but I want no controversy about
the order of business to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to take up the bill
iudicated by him. The question is on his
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The cotton bill is now
regularly pending, and is now before the Sen-
ate. W ith that understanding I have no objec-
tion to any other business being now done that
is desired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is true
that the bill is the unfinished business of yes-
terday, and was regularly in order at one
o'clock to-day; but it was suspended by the
bill which has just been passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was taken up by
common consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana now moves to take up the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the cotton tax bill
was pending, was the regular order of the day,
and was only waived informally. It could
have been called up at any time. I wish it
understood that that bill is left as the unfin-
ished business of to-day. That being under-
stood, the Senator can make any motion he
desires.
Mr. CONKLING. I am afraid there will
be no quorum here to-morrow, or if there is it
will be little more than a bare quorum, and I
think when the cotton bill is voted upon, either
on the motion to postpone or otherwise, there
should be a full Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to take the sense
of the Senate on that question, and as the
cotton bill is now pending I hope we shall
have it Bettled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of business is entirely under the control of the
Senate. The unfinished business of yesterday ■
was the bill referred to by the Senator from
Ohio, but that was passed over and superseded
by the bill which has just been passed, and
now the Senator from Indiana moves to post-
pone "that and all other orders and take up
the bill indicated by him, which motion is in
order. *
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfied that we can-
not get a vote on the cotton bill. There are
four or five important amendments pending,
and I am advised that other Senators who have
not yet spoken intend to speak on that bill
before the vote is taken. There is, however,
a great deal of anxiety throughout the coun-
