2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
this grant of land. In my judgment the North-
ern Pacific railroad will best and most speedily
be built by dividing it up in short lines of rail-
road between different connecting points, say
one line from the head of Lake Superior to the
Red river, and another line across the conti-
nent, unless it is intended to give a subsidy,
when it ought to be built by one general com-
pany. I know the parties engaged in this enter-
prise, and they are men of character, and as they
think they can make progress with their work
I am perfectly willing to give them some addi-
tional time. I do not wish to impede it. They
have undertaken to make a continental road,
which is an important one, and I think they
ought to be required to make one hundred
miles a year. At that rate it will require twenty
years for its completion. Is the whole of this
vast region of country to be held apart from
settlement, the land reserved from cultivation,
until a single corporation can build a line
across the continent? Why, sir, in twenty
years from this time this country will be teem-
ing with population. I have no doubt of it.
Three years make a revolution in a new coun-
try like Montana on the line of this road; and,
in my judgment, in ten years from this time
the region of country on the Red river of the
North will probably apply for admission as an
independent State. Why, then, give to a sin-
gle corporation power over half a strip of coun-
try forty miles wide and two thousand miles
long for a period of forty years; for at fifty
miles a year it would take forty years. Sir, it
is preposterous.
When these objections wore stated to the
men interested in this matter, they knew very
well that Congress would never consent to hold
back the settlement of that vast region of
country that a single company might have a
monopoly of a great grant for a line over two
thousand miles long. It seems to me that if
we were acting technically we had better let
this grant go, let these gentlemen who have
not yet undertaken the woik that they proposed
to complete—the time being out in July—give
way to others; let others undertake the work
and try to push it forward. But I do not be-
lieve better men than these can be got to do it,
and therefore I was willing to grant them a
reasonable time. Two years, as the Senator
from^ California says, is a reasonable time.
Within that time they must commence the
work, and oneyear after the expiration of two
years they must build one hundred miles, and
one hundred miles a year after that, according
to this amendment. It seems to me that is
little enough.
The limit of time for the completion of the
road, I believe, is lixed at ten years, which
would require them to build it at the rate of
two hundred miles a year. That may need
some modification ; but after the first two or
three years they conld readily build one hun-
dred miles ayear until the country is developed,
and then they would no doubt be compelled to
build the whole road within a reasonable time.
That ten years is enough to build a road across
the continent is shown by the actual fact that
the great Pacific railroad willbe built probably
m five years from the time the first shovel was
put in the ground. It does not require the
same time to build a railroad on these vast
elevated plains in the West that it does in the
. SA\ V1 New England, and in Ohio ; but even
Y* . ° wt? 'iave built one hundred or two
hundred miles of railroad a year, and in one
case three hundred miles were built through a
difficult country in Ohio and western New York
in a single year. I refer to the case of the
Atlantic and Great Western road. It seems
to me that the provisions of this resolution,
with the amendments proposed, are reasonable,
and it is all that we ought to do now. It is
certainly all that 1 am willing to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to interrupt
the Senator, but I hope we shall take up the
order of the day for one o'clock.
The PRESIDBNTpco tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote on this joint resolution.
Mr. POMEROY and others. Let us take a
vote.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not take a moment
to dispose of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no objec-
tion to coming to a vote. I have no desire to
defeat the passage of the joint resolution. I
only wish to stand by what we understood
before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Senate,
being the bill for the admission of Arkansas.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, with the consent
of the Senator from Illinois, that that bill be
postponed for ten minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order can be passed over informally, if there
be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If a vote can be taken
on this matter at once, I shall not object.
Mr. CONNESS. It can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be taken unless Senators stop talking.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If anything further is
to be said upon it, I must insist on the special
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is laid aside informally, no objection
being made, and the question is on the amend-
ment to the Northern Pacific railroad resolu-
tion, by striking out "fifty" and inserting "one
hundred," in line thirteen.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdrew the motion to
amend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator cannot withdraw the amendment, it being
reported by a committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that amendment
ought to be adopted. It provides that one
hundred miles shall be constructed the first
year next following two years after the com-
mencement of the work, so that it is within
three years that the one hundred miles are to
be built, if the amendment should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move farther to amend
the joint resolution by striking out in lines fif-
teen andsixteen" 1883"andinserting " 1878."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. COLE, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 27) to authorize the leasing
of certain real estate in San Francisco, was
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
executive communication .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate aletter of the Secretary ofthelnte-
rior, relative to the necessity of immediate
provision being made for relieving the wants
of friendly Indians in the Northern Central
and Southern superintendences; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a necessity for
a short executive session of not more than five
minutes, and the Senator from Illinois does
not object to it. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
message from the iiodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of Marv
A. Filler;
A bill (H. R. No. 553) for the relief of A.
W. Ballard;
A bill (H. R. No. 938) to authorize the sale
of twenty acres of land in the military reserva-
tion at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1128) for the relief of
Tcnif* Watt* *
A bill (H.'R. No. 1129) for the relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A. Mul-
ligan, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1130) for the relief of H.
G-. Aukeny, late captain fourth Iowa infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1077) for the relief of 0.
P. Shiras;
A bill (H. R. No. 1081) for the relief of John
A. Neustaedter;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 256) for the
relief of Martha E. King;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 280) for the
relief of Mrs. Ella E. Hobart; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) author-
izing the issue of clothing to company F, eight-
eenth regiment United States infantry.
representation ,of akkans^s.
The Senate, as in Committee of/the Whole,
resumed the consideratiomof tire bill (H. R.
No. 1039) to admit the State^of Arkansas to
representation in Congress, tiie pending ques-
tion being on the following motion, submitted
by Mr. Edmunds yesterday :
That the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
the Judicial', with inductions to report thesamo
so amended as to provide for the immediate inaugu-
ration of the officers elected under the new constitu-
tion in Arkansas, and for the immediate termination
ot tho functions ot all persons now and horetofore
exercising civil duties in said State, and so as to pro-
vide for the continuaneeof thepre.'-ent military gov-
ernment in aid of said officers until said State shall
bo admitted to representation in Congress, and to
provide for the admission of said State when the
article proposed as article fourteen shall become a
part of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, anxious for
the passage of this bill and all bills that shall
admit the reconstructed States to representa-
tion, 1 shall trespass but a few moments upou
the time of the Senate. The debate has now
run through three days, and the ear of the
Senate has been wearied with the recital of
legal opinions so often proclaimed in the years
of the past and so familiar to Senators. I
would cast aside this cheap legal learning that
has so often burdened the debates of Congress
and come to the practical consideration of tho
real questions involved in this and kindred
measures for the restoration of the States re-
cently in rebellion.
Three years ago the military power of the
rebellion was broken and its civil power dis-
appeared. When the conquest of the rebel
power was complete the President inaugurated
a policy that in a few months gave govern-
ments to the subjugated States and placed the
control of those governments completely in the
hands of men distinguished for their devotion
to the lost cause of the confederate States.
In one brief year loyalty was trampled down
and the spirit of the rebellion swayed the coun-
cil and controlled the policy of those States.
Two years ago Congress submitted as the
basis of adjustment the constitutional amend-
ment. 1 hat amendment was scornfully rejected
by the triumphant rebel governments. The
riots at Memphis and the bloody massacre at
New Orleans manifested to Congress and the
country the bitterness of rebel hate and tho
lawlessness and strength of rebel power.
Little more than one year ago Congress
grappled with the rebel power by the enact-
ment of that great measure for the better gov-
ernment of the rebel States which gave suffrage
to three quarters of a million of ever lojal
black men. lhe work of reconstruction and
restoration was then begun. During the past
year the friends of reconstruction and restora-
^10*? p11 -k0 ^as*s loyalty and liberty have
toned with unsurpassed earnestness, fidelity,
and courage. They have struggled against the
innuences of the fifteen thousand State oilieiaU
we unwisely lettin possession of power. They
have struggled, too, against the malign influ-
ences of the civil officers of the United States,
lhey have been toreed to struggle against tho
commanding influences of wealth, of intelli*
