1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction, (be.—Mr. Benton.
Ho. of Reps.
The outcry against allowing loyal men a voice
in the government in the disloyal States is
paralleled only by the audacity of the leaders
of the Democratic party in asking the loyal
people of this country to commit the control
of the Government to their hands, while their
garments are still reeking with the blood of
three hundred and fifty thousand young men,
who offered their lives, a holocaust, self-sacri-
ficed upon the altar of their country, to prevent
the destruction by that party of this great
Republic, the home of free institutions and
the hope of the world.
But the leaders of the Democratic party deny
that they are responsible for the war or that the
charge of disloyalty can be justly made against
them. Now, let us test those questions by a
few plain interrogatories. What party inau-
gurated and carried on for four long years a
cruel, wicked, and destructive war against this
Government? I answer, the southern half of
the Democratic party, aided and encouraged
by a majority of the leaders of that same party
in the North. Who proclaimed at the com-
mencement of the war tho doctrine that the
United States Government had no constitu-
tional power to coerce a sovereign State?
James Buchanan and the leaders of the Dem-
ocratic party both North and South. Who
declared it unconstitutional for the United
States to raise ati army to put down the re-
bellion? A majority of the leaders of that
same party. Who ridiculed the volunteer sol-
diers, who rallied to the defense of the flag,
and stigmatized them as " Lincoln hirelings"
and "legalized murderers?" Many of the pres-
ent leaders of the Democratic party. Who dis-
couraged enlistments and opposed the draft ?
A large proportion of the leading northern
Democrats.
Mr. S1TGREAYES. I understand the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire to say the Dem-
ocratic party was everywhere opposed to the
draft, and discouraged enlistment. I wish to
knowwhether licinciudesthe Democratic party
of New Jersey in that anathema?
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman did not un-
derstand, perhaps, the eiass of Democrats to
which I referred. I alluded to the majority of
the leading, controlling Democrats throughout
the country.
Mr. SITGRE AVES. I inquire whether Joel
Parker, then Governor of New Jersey, is not
a leading Democrat, and whether he includes
him in his anathema?
Mr. BENTON. T have not said every lead-
ing Democrat, but the majority of the leading
Democrats. And I affirm now, and I defy suc-
cessful contradiction, that a majority of the
leaders of the Democratic party during the
war were opposed to the general policy of the
administration of the Government; that they
were opposed to the prosecution of tho war and
sympathized with the rebellion. Is the gentle-
man answered ?
Who openly denounced the employment of
colored soldiers as a species of barbarous war-
fare and a disgrace to the nation? The highly
refined leaders of the Democratic party. Who
rejoiced all through the war over rebel victories
and hung their heads with dismay at the suc-
cess of our arms? Many of the present lead-
ers of the Democratic party all over the coun-
try. W ho proclaimed the great emancipation
proclamation, which carried consternation and
dismay to the very heaitof the rebellion, un-
constitutional, "alegalfiction," "amerepaper
bulletin?" The astute_ lawyers and Icadcrsof
the Democratic party." Who pronounced tho
war a failure, while the gallant Union Army,
under Grant, was successfully beleaguering the
devoted rebel cily of Richmond, and Sherman
was marching his victorious legions through
tho very heart of the rebel dominions? All
the leaders of the Democratic party all over
the land. Who opposed and denounced every
effective measure employed by Congress or
Abraham Lincoln to suppress the rebellion as
unconstitutional? The jeaders of that same
party, both in and out of Congress. Who de-
nounced Andrew Johnson with the bitterest
scorn and hatred all through and even since
the war ? The same leaders of the Democratic
party, who now sing pseans of praise for his
treachery to the party that then defended aud
protected him. Who got up a sham Union
convention in the great -City of Brotherly Love
in the summer of 1SUG, and yoked themselves
up with unrepentant and unwashed rebels aud
traitors against this Government? Democrats
and Andrew Johnson conservatives. Who
predicted a great uprising of the people in
support of the policy of Andrew Johnson as
against Congress when he u swung round the
circle.'' and William H. Seward waved his
magician's wand to lure the people to his sup-
port? .The leaders of the Democratic party,
with a large proportion of the rank and tile.
When the southern portion of the Demo-
cratic party precipitated upon the country the
fearful issue of secession and civil war the
northern portion of the party, while not gen-
erally conceding the right of secession, with few
honorable exceptions, made no manly or patri-
otic efforts to prevent the dissolution of the
Union.
What would then have been tho fate of the
nation had the Government daring the war
been intrusted 1o the Democratic instead of to
the Republican party? Can any one doubt as
to the result? Which party to-day embraces
within its ranks the disloyal and which the
loyal people of this country as they are already
mustering for national supremacy in the great
presidential contest of 1SU8? The line of de-
markation between tho friends and enemies of
the Government is now scarcely less distinctly
drawn than during the progress of the war.
Politicians of the Democratic school profess to
favor equal taxation ; the Republicans claim
and have exercised the right to discriminate
in favor of those classes of the people least able
to bear the burdens of taxation. This principle
has been adopted in the Republican legislation
of Congress. I refer, by v/ay of illustration, to
the taxes on incomes, licenses, &c., from which
the masses of (he people are entirely exempt;
also, to the high taxes imposed on many arti-
cles of foreign importation used and consumed,
and consequently the duties paid, almost ex-
clusively by the wealthy. The Republican
policy is to tax at highest rates luxuries and
those articles not included in the list of the
actual necessaries of life.
But the protective policy which affords a
large revenue to the Treasury and stimulates
aud fosters and rewards domestic enterprise
and labor is opposed, and sought to be sup-
planted by the Democratic policy of free
trade. The whisky ring opposes the collection
of the tax on that article, and, by complicity
with Johnson-Democratic officials, is daily de-
frauding the people and the revenue of enor-
mous sums, nearly sufficient to pay the whole
interest on the public debt. Still we hear
no outcry against these frauds from our Dem-
ocratic tax-saving doctors, who would flood
the country with an issue of $"2,000,000,000
of greenbacks to avoid tho interest on that
portion of the public debt as a temporary
expedient or a mere makeshift, for surely the
exchange of one kind of security for another
cannot, amount to payment. But let the Gov-
ernment bonds, like other property, be sub-
jected to local taxation, says another Demo-
cratic doctor. That cannot be done without
repudiation, as they are, by law of Congress,
exempt from such taxation. Undoubtedly the
United States may tax them as a source of
profit or income, the same as any other pro-
ductive, taxable property; they are exempt
from local, not national, taxation. Then I
maintain that they should be taxed, and that
the bondholder can well afford to contribute
his share in that way toward the extinguish-
ment of the public debt, and as an additional
security or safeguard against the rebel Demo-
cratic doctrine of repudiation.
But^ the Democratic leaders claim that the
party is not so disloyal in fact or in sympathy
as their record would seem to indicate, ana that
they excel in economy, and should be intrusted
with power on that ground, if on no other.
Modest, indeed! After plunging the country
into war and bringing a debt of mountain weight
upon the tax-payers of the nation they now
propose to exhibit their financial skill, and, in
the practice ot their peculiar style of economy,
to relievo the burdens of the people. Look at
their economy under the last Democratic ad-
ministration of James Buchanan, which cost
the country more than thirty-one millions over
the average ordinary expenses of Abraham
Lincoln's administration, not to include the
wholesale robbery of the Treasury by John B.
Floyd, and the defalcations, peculations, and
frauds^ of other Democratic officials. That
administration commenced with a large sur-
plus in the public Treasury and left it bank-
rupt and a large national debt created in time
of peace, with our credit as a nation greatly
impaired at home and abroad. Mr. Brooks,
of New York, discoursed to this House a few
days ago on the subject of economy. I was
iuterested in the gentleman's remarks, but at
the same time it seemed to me that practice
was better than precept, and I would now
respectfully commend to the attention of that
gentleman the familiar adage, " Charity begins
at home." It seems to mo that that gentleman
will find an excellent field for the practice of
a little of his skill in that line in the great city
which he in part represents on this floor. Where
can be found another instance of such a prod-
igal expenditure of the people's money as in
the case of tho administration of the city gov-
ernment of New York, costing for that single
City over twenty-one million dollars annually
as administered by the Democratic party, nearly
double the whole national expenditures under
tho administration of John Quiucy Adams,
which was repudiated by the people as extrav-
gan t ?
The Democratic party to be restored to
power for tho sake of economy! Absurd in
the extreme. Their record for economy is
scarcely better than for loyalty. There never
was a party, in this or any other country, with
professions of economy on their lips, more prof-
ligate in the expenditure of the people's money.
Instead of relief to the tax-payers, by a restora-
tion of the Democratic party to power in this
nation, there is much more reason to appre-
hend a vast increase of our national debt, to
pay for the slaves of rebels and their war debt.
I declare this, because it has been claimed by
many of the leading rebels in the unrecon-
structed States of the South, and it is now
claimed by former slaveowners in Kentucky
and other Stales, that sucli is the just obliga-
tion of the United States, because their slaves
were emancipated without their consent. I
say this, because every one of the unrecon-
structed rebel States refused to adopt the four-
teenth article as an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which prohibited
the assumption of the rebel debt or payment
by the General Government for emancipated
slaves. I say this, because the past action of
the Democratic party justifies the apprehension
in ease of their accession to power. That party
never can be restored to power, except in con-
nection with the leading Democrats of the
South. The southern wing of the old Demo-
cratic party always dictated and controlled the
policy and measures of that party. Then, in
the event of such a reunion and restoration of
the party to power, the men of the South will
again assume the leadership, and whatever
they persistently demand in the future, as in
the past, will in the end be conceded. What
was the result of the Missouri struggle, in
which the issue was squarely made between
the northern and southern wings of the party,
