1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mu
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The messagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 347) to confirm the title of
Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke
to certain lands in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government;
A bill (II. R. No. 1027) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Black river,
in Lorain county, Ohio ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 318) to correct
an act entitled " An act for the relief of cer-
tain exporters of rum."
property or married women.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
177) regulating the rights of property of .mar-
ried women in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that in the District of
Columbia the right of any married woman to
any property, personal or real, belonging to
her at the time of marriage or acquired during
marriage in any other way than by gift or con-
veyance from her hnsband to the prejudice of
bis subsisting creditors, shall be as absolute as
if she were feme sole-, but in the conveyance
of realty her husband is to join her in the deed
and if lie refuse to do so, the supreme court
of the District of Columbia is to have power,
in its discretion upon her petition, to appoint
a trustee to make the conveyance. If she die
intestate, her personalty is to vest in her hus-
band ; and if she die intestate, leaving minor
children, her husband is to have an estate by
the curtesy in her realty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
of the gentlemen of the committee presenting
this bill what change it makes in the existing
law? It is rather important legislation.
Mr. HARLAN. It merely enables a mar-
ried woman to hold a separate estate in the
District of Columbia. That was the purpose
of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can anybody disturb
her in her ownership of real estate in the Dis-
trict now?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so. I think her
husband can control it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without her joining
in the deed ?
Mr. HARLAN. He might not be able to
convey it without her joining in it; but he
would be able to control it. ]f the Senator
wishes to examine the bill, I will ask to have
it passed over and take up another.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care about
that. The general feature and purpose of
making married women secure in their separate
property, I sympathize with; but this bill did
not strike me as being very carefully drawn.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to the honor-
able Senator that the bill was drawn by some
member of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
submitted by the committee to a member of
that committee. Judge Patterson, of Tennes-
see, and lie had it in his hands for some time,
examined it very carefully, and reported that
there could be no objection to its passage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is one rather
extraordinary provision, I think, in the bill;
and that is, that if the husband declines to
join in the conveyance necessary to pass the
title the wife may apply to the court, and the
court shall appoint a trustee for that purpose.
I do not know whether I am willing to go quite
that far to get up a lawsuit between husband
and wife about her separate property whenever
she wants to sell, and he does not agree that
it is best to do so. I do not know whether that
would be wise or not. I think that is a new
provision in the legislation of the country.
Mr. HARLAN. If the'Senator will oblige
me by examining the bill carefully, I will ask
to have it passed over for that purpose. I
move that it belaid aside informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the bill will not
be laid_aside so as to lose its position here. I
think it is a bill that ought to pass iu this
District.
Mr. HARLAN. I will call it up again, if
the Senator will allow me, as soon as we act
on another bill. I wish to give the Senator
from Indiana an opportunity to look at it.
Mr. TiiU MB ULL. I wish to state that there
have personally come to my knowledge one or
two cases in the District of Columbia where
married women had some little property which
reckless husbands were dissipating and dis-
posing of. I think it is the general tendency
in all the States oflate years to secure to mar-
ried women their separate property, and to
allow them to control it. I think there ought
to be such a law in the District of Columbia.
As to the particular provision which the Sena-
tor from Indiana refers to, authorizing a mar-
ried wfeman to convey her real estate and
requiring the husband to join in the deed, and
if he refuses to do so allowing her to apply to
the court for the purpose of protecting the
sale, I see no objection to that. I think in
some of the States married women are allowed
to convey their real estate without the husband
joining in the deed, and this is only an addi-
tional protection. It would only be in extreme
cases that it would be necessary to apply to the
court. There would be but very few such
cases. I should be willing myself to vote for
a law allowing a married woman absolutely to
convey her estate without the husband joining
in it.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Illinois what necessity there
is for requiring the husband to join, provided,
if he refuses to join, the wife can compel him
to do so? Why not provide that her own con-
veyance shall be sufficient? For my part, I
should oppose that whole provision. I do not
know of any State where a married woman can
convey her real estate without the consent of
her husband, or compel him to consent if he
lefuses, or have some other trustee appointed
by a court. I think it is entirely new. I never
heard of such a provision, and I do not believe
it is for the benefit of married women at all. 1
am opposed to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but that
1 should be willing, as 1 said, to vote for a bill
that would allow a married woman absolutely
to convey her property, without her husband
joining; but the Senator from Indiana is cer-
tainly aware that as the law now stands a court
of chancery would interfere to protect a mar-
ried woman in property belonging to her, which
the husband was squandering. You can imagine
such a case.
Mr. MORTON. That is not the case I put.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The case that the Sen-
ator put was this: he was making an objection
to calling upon the court to compel the hus-
band to join. lie can imagine a case, and so
can I, where a court would compel a sale of
the property of the wife to support the wife
and children, and compel thehusband to assent
to it, or convey the title without his assent.
Mr. MORTON. That may be in the power
of a court of chancery. But the protection of
the property of married women is one thing. ,
We have statutes iu nearly every State to do
that. We have very ample provisions in the
laws of Indiana for the protection of the prop-
erty of married women, and to prevent their
husbands from squandering that property ; but
we have no provision, and 1 never heard of any
in any State, that authorizes a married woman,
upon her own will and judgment, to go and sell
her real estate against the wishes of her hus-
band. I think that would be a very unsafe
provision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The bill is
in Committee of the Whole and open for
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the provision that creates the estate by curtesy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no such pro-
vision in the bill. 1
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir ; there is. I
ask the Clerk to read the last part of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Indiana
is right. That is in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not.so understand it.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out at the end of the bill the following clause":
And that if she die intestate, leaving minor chil-
dren, her husband shall liavo au estate by tiieeurtesy
in her realty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we have been
advancing in the law beyond the estate by the
curtesy.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, When the wife dies
owning real estate the law ought to give to her
husband such part in that real estate iu fee as
he ought to enjoy, but if she dies leaving chil-
dren there is no propriety in his having the
whole of the estate for life, which is the cur-
tesy. If, according to the laws of some of the
States, he should have the fee as against the
children of the one third, and they of the two
thirds, that ought to be provided for; but the
estate by curtesy is one that ought not to exist,
iu iny opinion. It is being abandoned very
rapidly in the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to tlie
Senator from Indiana, suppose there are no
children living; would he deprive the husband
of the courtesy ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then he should have
the whole of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may have been
children who have deceased before the wife?
Mr. IIENDRICKS. Then the husband
should be the heir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator
from Iowa who has charge of this bill if mar-
ried women in this District can bring suits
without the consent or concurrence of their
husbands?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. I think the
doctrine of the common law prevails in this
District.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that be so I think this
bill would be objectionable. If the law does
not allow a married woman to bring a suit to
protect or recover any personal or real prop-
erty without joining her husband, then to invest
the property of the wife absolutely, as though
she was a feme sole, would put the property
where it could not be protected by litigation,
it seems to me. According to the provisions
of this bill, all property that she acquires, per-
sonal or real, is to be as absolute in her as if
she were a feme sole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would allow her
to sue. That would carry the other rights with
it. If it is as absolute as if she were a feme
sole, of eours%she would have the same right
to protect it in court as a feme sole. The
courts would so construe it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that altogether
doubtful. If the law provides in this District
as it does in many of the States, that the wife
shall bring suits by joining her husband with
her, this provision would not by intendment
repeal that act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly it would.
There was the same law in my State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Oregon will permit me, I will move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I think it should be considered by that
committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to.
iiocse bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
I by their titles, and referred to the Committee
| on Military Affairs and the Militia:
I A bill (H. R. No. 1279) in relation to addi-
| tional bounties and for other purposes; and
I A bill (H. It. No. 550) providing for the
