2692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
New Jersey has any power or right, after hav-
ing ratified an amendment to the Constitution,
to withdraw that ratification. A State gets all
the power it has on the subject of amending the
Constitution from that instrument itself. The
Constitution gives Congress the power by a two-
thirds vote to propose au amendment to the
Constitution, and gives the State power to ratify
it or to rejeet such amendment. When the
State has ratified the amendment, the power
conferred by the Constitution is spent.
Mr. HOWE. What if it rejects?
Sir. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend from
Wisconsin asks me, what if it rejects? The
case is entirely different. I may refuse many
times to make a contract and 1 am under no
new obligation; but if i make the contract once,
I am bound. A State may refuse many times
to make a grant or to give a charter, and its
obligations are not changed; but if the State
once does give the grant or make the charter,
then it falls under new obligations. The rati-
fication of an amendment by one State affects
and influences other States, and if it is a mere
experimental thing and not final, it is bad faith
to the other States; and, besides, we never can
tell what is the fundamental law of the country.
It will never do to recognize the right of a State
to withdraw its ratification.
But what probability is there that these States,
whose Legislatures are elected for two, and, 1
believe, in one case for four years, would repeal
their ratification ?
Mr. WILSON. The Senate of Arkansas are
elected for four years and the House for two
years from next January.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN'. But, again, I
submit that the fourteenth amendment is now
a part of the Constitution of the United States,
and 1 think the Senators on this side of the
Chamber must so hold. Ten States are more
than one fourth of the whole number of States;
and can it be true that ten States can rebel
against this Government and make an amend-
ment of the Constitution necessary, and then
have the legal and constitutional right to defeat
the adoption of the amendment which their
treason has rendered necessary? Why, Mr.
President, if the fourteenth amendment is not
"adopted the thirteenth amendment is not; and
then is slavery abolished? The fourteenth
amendment has the ratification of three fourths
of the loyal States, and that is all the thir-
teenth amendment has. We have declared
that the Legislatures of these other States
which werein rebellion which have ratified the
thirteenth amendment were not legal Legisla-
tures ; and further, if by reason of their rebel-
lion the rights of the rebel States were not
forfeited, this Congress was not a constitutional
body having the ability by a two-thirds vote to
submit either amendment.
I do not see the argument by which to avoid
the conclusion that the fourteenth amendment
is now a part of the Constitution.
The other proposition contained in the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri is,
that Arkansas shall be admitted on the funda-
mental condition that there shall be no change
in the qualification of voters by reason of race
or color. The principle 1 am in favor of; but,
adopting the views of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conkuxg,] in his argument yes-
terday, I seriously doubt our right to impose
any fundamental conditions on a State ; I am
willing, however, to vote for a provision which
will prevent any change in the right of suffrage
on account of race or color, if the Senate holds
that such a provision is constitutional, even
while I entertain serious doubts as to the
validity and force of such a provision.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I would
prefer speaking to this bill after the amend-
ments have been disposed of; but I am admon-
ished by my experience in the Senate that if,
desiring to discuss the main question involved
in the bill, I shall wait until the debate runs out
on the amendments, I shall hardly have an op-
portunity to be heard. It is the habit of the
Senate to discuss the whole question, or all the
questions involved in the bill, upon the most
insignificant amendment which may be pro-
posed to it. I think this is a very inconvenient
and objectionable mode of transacting public
business, but such is the habit of the Senate,
and being the habit or custom of the Senate
members are obliged to conform themselves to
it, and somewhat irregularly to discuss the
main features of a bill when the proposition
pending may be a matter of insignificant detail.
As I desire, then, to be heard upon this ques-
tion of admitting the State of Arkansas to
representation in the two Houses of Congress,
I conclude I shall be obliged to go on before
these amendments or motions of delay are dis-
posed of, if I am to be heard at all, or to be
heard in a satisfactory manner; because at the
end of a prolouged debate, when the Senate
is wearied with the subject and is anxious to
conclude its labors upon it; when perhaps the
pressure of some dinner hour or of some pro-
tracted evening hour is upon us, Senators
have very little opportunity for a hearing and
a fair consideration of their views. But a
gentleman near me suggests that a vote may
be taken without much difficulty upon this
question of reference, and I will stand aside
for a moment if that object can be reached.
Mr. P0MI5H0Y. I hope we shall take the
vote on the question of reference. If the bill
is to be referred, it will not be necesssary to
discuss the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to have it dis-
tinctly understood that any Senator who votes
for this resolution proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, votes to affirm the doctrine dis-
tinctly that the fourteenth amendment is not
any par^of the Constitution by virtue of the
ratification of three fourths of the loyal States,
a proposition the correctness of which I am
not now prepared to admit. Of course I know
the impatience of the Senate, and I refrain from
description ; but I do not wish to acquiesce in
that doctrine; and I should be glad if oppor-
tunity was afforded to discuss the question as
to the constitutional"power of a State to rescind
a ratification once made. In my humble opin-
ion, if there is any proposition clear in law it
is that a State has no such power. But I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to the nature
of this resolution before the vote is taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am satisfied the ques-
tion of reference will open the whole debate,
because a reference at this stage of the session
will be, substantially, the defeat of the bill. I
hope the Senator from Pennsylvania will pro-
ceed now if he wishes to' do so ; or if we can
take the question without debate, let us do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reference of the bill with the
amendments to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with instructions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
those instructions read.
The Chief Clerk read the motion of Mr.
Edmunds, as follows:
That the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
the .Judiciary, with instructions to report the same so
amended as to provide for the immediate inaugnra-
tion of the officers elected under thenewoonstitution
in Arkansas, and for the immediate termination of
the functions of all porsons now and heretofore ex-
ercising civil duties in said State, and so as to provide
for the continuance of the present military govern-
ment in aid of said officers until said State shall be
admitted to representation in Congress, and to pro-
vide for the admission of said State when the article
proposed as article fourteen shall become a part of
the Constitution of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion to recommit, and declared
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. The honorable Senator
who made the motion is not present, and it
would seem to be indecorous to him that the
question should be taken in his absence.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
Mr. FERRY. They were ordered yesterday.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I wish to add to what
the Senator from Wisconsin said—it did not
occur to me before—the Senator from Ver-
mont stepped out a moment ago on a neces-
sary errand, saying to me that he was obliged
to go out for a moment, but he wished to be
here before the vote was taken.
Mr. STEWART. We can send for him
when the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. The yeas and nays were
ordered yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. The discussion may just
as well go on on the question of reference. I
hope we shall wait until the Senator from
Vermont comes in before taking the vote on
his motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I can speak as well at
one time as another.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator f#hi Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, although
the debate upon this question of the admission
of Arkansas to representation in Congress has
been continued through two or three daily
sessions, very little has been said, in my opin-
ion, upon the real or material points which
are involved in the bill sent us by the House
of Representatives. I am opposed to the pas-
sage of this bill, and will endeavor, within as
brief a space of time as possible, to state those
objections in a fair and candid manner.
I protest, in the outset, that I am not, so far
as I know, moved or prompted in this opposi-
tion by political prejudice or by any impulse
of political interest. I think it very likely that
if any one of the States of the South shall vote
in accordance with my ideas of public policy,
or according to my prefersnces as between
parties, it is as likely to be this State of Ark-
ansas as any other. I come to that conclusion
from the facts which are before us, the divis-
ion between the two races of population in
that State as to numbers, and other facts which
I need not now recite.
But, sir, I find lodged in my mind and oper-
ating upon my judgment objections to the pas-
sage of this bill which I cannot overcome.
They are not objections which are general to
all the States of the South, with reference to
which legislation is now proposed m the two
Houses of Congress. They are not objections
which go back to the reconstruction act of
March 2, 1867, or to the several supplements
to that act which have been since enacted by
the two Houses of Congress. I hold such
objections, to be sure; but my opposition to
Arkansas is not confined to them. There are
objections applicable to this particular case,
growing out of its particular lacts, which, in
my judgment, appeal to fair and honorable
members of the Senate in a manner not to be
resisted, if they are to form their opinions and
to vote with reference to the merits of the
question independent of other considerations.
The first class of objections which I have to
this House bill in any form, whether as sent to
us or as proposed to be amended, are objections
to the new State constitution or to particular
provisions contained in it. In the first place,
I object to those provisions which are found
on page 38 of House Executive Document No.
274 ot the present session, which relate to the
exemption of property from levy and sale upon
judicial process. It is true this objection alone
might, not be sufficient to overrule the demand
of a State to be heard in the Halls of Congress
where the laws of the country are to be made.
I mention it, however, in connection with the
others, and it is in itself an objection of no
slight importance and deserves a very consid-
erable degree of attention. The twelfth article
of the constitution provides as follows :
"Sf.c.1. The personal property of anv resident of
this btate to the value of SJ.OOU, to be selected by tuc-h
resident, shall be exempted iiom sale uu execution
or other final process ot any eoiut is,ued for the col-
lection oi any debt contracted alter the adoption of
this constitution.*' * * *• * * *
Sec. 3. Every homestead cot exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, and the dwelling and
appurtenances thereon, to be selected by the owner
thereof, and not in any town, city, or village; or in
lieu thereof, at the option oi the owner, any lot in a
city, town, or village, with the dwelling and appur-
tenances thereon, owned and occupied by any resi-
d|nt ot this State, and not exceeding the value of
$5,000, shall be exempted from sale on execution or
any other final process from any court."
The fourth section provides that in ca.se of
