3716
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBI.
July 3,
sale of a portion of the Port Gratiot military
reservation in St. Clair county, in tlie State of
Michigan.
national hotel company
Mr. HARLAN. I move to discharge the
Committee on the District of Columbia from
the further consideration of the bill (H. li. No.
366) to incorporate the National Hotel Com-
pany of Washington city.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee will be discharged, if there be no
objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 366) to incorpo-
rate the National Hotel Company of Washing-
ton city. George H. Calvert, R. C. Weight-
man, James C. McGuire, Zeph. English,
George H. Calvert, jr., and Charles 13. Cal-
vert, their associates, successors, and assigns,
are to be created a body corporate and politic
by the name of the National Hotel Company,
in the eity of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, and by that name they are to be
capable of taking, holding, managing, improv-
ing, purchasing, leasing, for the sole purpose
of erecting and maintaining a hotel, real and
personal estate within the city of Washington,
not exceeding $500,000 in value. The capital
Stock is to be not less than $227,000 in shares
of $500 each.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
incorporating a hotel in Washington, but there
ought to be some provision in the bill as to
what kind of a hotel the corporators are to
keep. While the Senate are considering this
bill, if we could make an amendment by which
we could have a first-class hotel of character
and standing, and make it obligatory on this
corporation to keep it so that gentlemen could
stop at it, I should be very glad to support the
bill. [Laughter.] I do not think there is any
object in incorporating a hotel company to run
a hotel as the hotels here are now managed.
I would not retard the progress of the bill if
any importance is attached to it; but I do not
believe there is any object in incorporating a
hotel company in Washington if they are to
keep a hotel like the hotels at which I have
been obliged to stop here. [Laughter. ]
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to inquire if
the Senator thinks it, will make it any worse to
have it incorporated?
Mr. POMEROY. I would provide to make
it better. It is to make it better that we incor-
porate it.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is to bo hoped that it
will have that effect. We will try, if the Sen-
ate consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will withdraw his opposition to this
bill. It is of the utmost importance unques-
tionably that it should pass. I am surprised
that any Senator, particularly a Republican,
should stand up here, when this day has been
devoted to the business of the District of Co-
lumbia and its suffering interests, that have
been delayed so long by Congress not paying
the attention to them that they deserve, ana
endeavor to clog legislation by objecting to a
hotel bill. What is to be done, 1 should be
glad to know, if the public interests are to be
neglected in this way? It is true, some dis-
tant sections of the country that are a good
ways off can be passed by in the hot weather;
but if a hotel in Washington appeals to us, I
am sure wo ought not to have any opposition
from any quarter. _ I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. WILLEY. With the permission of the
honorable Senator from Vermont, I should
like to inquire if there are any ladies eoneerned
in it. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. As all the ladies have
obtained the precedence in the Senator's com-
mittee, I dare say there will be ladies in the
hotel; certainly if lie is a boarder there.
[Laughter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. We certainly very much
need a first class hotel in this city. The only
objection I see to this is, that the capitalstock
provided is certainly not large enough to con-
struct such a hotel and furnish it.
Mr. CONKLING. Hoiv much is it?
Mr. MORTON. Five hundred thousand dol-
lars, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any provision that
it shall be free from taxation ?
Mr. MORTON. No ; I believe not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There ought to be!
[Laughter.]
The bill w
the third time, and passed.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to withdraw the papers in a pension case of
Mrs. Kirby Smith. The reason why I ask it
in this form is the fact that her petition was
reported on during the last Congress adversely,
and 1 learn from a letter which I hold in my
hand from Governor Lane, of Indiana, who was
the chairman of the Pension Committee at that
time, that it was not intended to make an
adverse report. As the rules require in such
cases unanimous consent, 1 ask that consent,
that Mrs. Smith may have leave to withdraw
her papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent to
withdraw the papers mentioned by him. Is
there any objection. No objection beingmade,
leave is granted to withdraw the papers.
corporations in the district.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate take up Senate bill No. 102.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This hill
has heretofore been under consideration and
has been read through. The question is on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS., What is the bill? Let
us hear the title of it.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 102) pro-
viding for the formation of corporations, and
regulating the same in the District of Columbia.
Air. EDMUNDS. That is a matter of public
interest. It ought to be read.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been read and dis-
cussed for several hours, and I permitted it to
go over at the request of the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] who desired to look
through it a little fuither; but I have since
seen him at his desk and asked him if he had
any objection to it, and he said ho did not
know that he had.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it not true, however,
that in the mean time we have incorporated
severally, one by one, everything that can be
incorporated under this bill? A man cannot
shoot at a mark here unless he is incorporated.
He cannot drink lager beer unless he is in-
corporated. He cannot go to church unless
he is incorporated. He cannot keep a hotel
unless he is incorporated, nor sell ice nor meat,
[laughter,] and my impression is that we have
covered the ground so thick with special cor-
porations that there will not be anything left
for this bill to operate upon. I should hate to
see the Senate make blank a motion, if the Sen-
ate has done so.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate has acted on
House bills only. We have Senate bills pro-
viding for corporations to act on still; but I
shall not ask the Senate to consider any ex-
cept those which are specially excluded from
this bill, if the bill should be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I perceive that this is a
very bulky bill and must necessarily contain a
great many provisions. I do not remember
anything about the contents of this bill, and I
dislike very much to be called upon to vote for
or against a: bill of this description in utter
ignorance of its contents. I believe a long
time Sgo there was a bill of this description
pending before the Senate, and various and
sundry objections were made to it. How those
objections were disposed of 1 cannot now
remember. But to take up a bill consisting
of thirty or forty pages and pass it without
examination or discussion, it seems to me is
proceeding with considerable rashness, to say
the least of it; and I should like to know if it
is absolutely necessary that this bill should
pass at this time. I do not know that it is not
all right; but I dislike to take the responsi-
bility of voting for or against it without some
knowledge. 1 understand this to be a general
incorporation law for the District. 1 believe
in the necessity of such a law; but there may
be provisions incorporated in the bill that
would be very prejudical to the public as well
as to private interests. If the Senator from
Iowa has carefully examined this bill, and
knows it to be entirely free from all objections,
and is satisfied with it, and his committee are
satisfied with it, of course I should have so
much confidence in their judgment that I
should not make any opposition.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very sorry to be com-
pelled to say that I cannot meet the Senator's
requirement. 1 know it is not free from all
objections, because several Senators did object
to several provisions contained in it when it
was under consideration before; but I do
think it is free from all reasonable and sub-
stantial objection. The bill was drawn up at
the request of the Committee on the District
of Columbia by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Willey,] who spent a very con-
siderable time in preparing the bill. It was
then carefully considered by the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and matured as fully
as we could mature it. When read in the
Senate some months since various provisions
were objected to, and there was an attempt
made to obviate as far as practicable the ob-
jections presented, and various amendments
were then adopted. The bill was then read
the third time, and at the request of the Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] I con-
sented that it should go over at that time to
give him additional opportunity to scrutinize
it. As I before remarked, 1 conversed with
him on the subject afterward, and he said he
had no objection to my calling up the bill at
any time ; that he did not know that he had
any objections to the passage of the bill. It
excludes from its provisions, 1 may say, cor-
porations for internal improvements and for
churches, and covers the other ground, I be-
lieve, that is usually embraced in the general
incorporation laws of the States, and nothing
more.
I may, perhaps, be pardoned for saying, also,
that I believe in every State of the Union—at
least in the eastern and northern and western
States—there are genex-al incorporation laws
for the safety of the people. There is an objec-
tion there to special charters, and consequently
in most of the constitutions of the western
States they have a provision prohibiting the
Legislature from granting special charters, so
as to avoid monopolies; and the committee
have acted under that general idea which seems
to prevail throughout the country. I think
that this bill is as free from objection as simi-
lar laws usually are. At all events, it con-
tains a provision that Congress may at any
time modify or repeal it, or repeal any articles
of agreement made under it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Iowa whether this bill now
contains a provision that will allow an incor-
porated company here to do business outside
of the district, in States, elsewhere?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator from
West Virginia can answer that question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does contain it. I
remember it in the reading of the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. There wa3 an amendment
incorporated in the bill which was designed
