1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
declares that his citizenship is forfeited; and
i! is assumed by High authority that he cannot
even be^punished for his treason.
The eighth article of the amendment to the
Constitution provides that excessive bail shall
not be required, no excessive tines imposed,
nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
The penalty imposed by this section, as terrible
as it is, may be considered by some as not
cruel, although it strikes down rights that have
been regarded as inalienable ; although it may
depvive the offender of any nationality and
make him an outlaw, and bid him to go hence
without any Power to protect him, and to be
henceforth and forever free from any allegiance
to the country of his birth. By this section
the nation releases its right to call upon him
to perform any of the functions of a citizen,
and his appeals for protection against wrongs
abroad would be made in vain to the country
of his nativity. Still it may be said that it
is not cruel punishment; but he would be a
bold man who would assume that it was not
an unusual punishment.
In the examination of this matter the com-
mittee have endeavored to consider it in all
its bearings—the great difficulty in the way
of a faithful execution of the law, the great
confusion that will result from the construc-
tions placed upon it in different States, its tend-
ency to confuse and aggravate the excitement
attendant upon popular elections, the fact
that in more than one respect it introduces
into the legislation of Congress, to say the
least of it, the exercise of disputed and doubt-
ful powers. It is believed that in all the States
where the law of descents is the rule of the
common law that it must result in intermina-
ble difficulty and confusion, and in many in-
stances, without the aid of State legislation,
it mnst work a forfeiture of estates; and it
would seem hard to punish the child because
the father persisted in a wrong or was remiss
in the performance of a duty. I see it stated
in the papers that the constitutional conven-
tion in Louisiana have abolished the civil code
and by their constitution adopted the common
law as a rule of property in that State. The
laws of descent in the States of Ohio and Mas-
sachusetts are perhaps not the same as the
common law, special statutes having been
passed in those States changing the common
law rule. But it is believed that in most of
the States there has been no statute made pro-
viding that an alien may inherit real estate or
transmit it to his heirs.
This twenty-first section was passed the 3d
day of March, 1865, and allowed the deserters
sixty days to report themselves. But before
that time had expired the army of the rebel-
lion had surrendered, as I now remember, on
the 19th of April.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana* [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
call attention to a paragraph in the report of
the Provost Marshal General, in which he says
that of the two hundred and seventy-eight thou-
sand reported as deserters a majority have
returned. I ask the Clerk to read the paragraph
I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Since the organization of this bureau the deser-
tions reported have been two hundred and seventy-
cieiit thousand six hundred and forty-four. This
number is much too large. Many of those reported
ad deserters are not so in reality, but are men who
became unavoidably absent from their commands by
falling siek on the march, being injured in action
without the knowledge of their officers, and reported
'misting' and subsequently ' deserted,' and by inten-
tionally or unintentionally overstaying their fur-
loughs, &e., &c. Most of this class afterward volun-
tarily reported, but having been placed in the 'return
of deserters' have swelled the aggregate."
Mr. PILE. It appears by the paragraph just
read that many of these men are now borne
on the rolls as deserters. Those rolls and this
very report are quoted against them and they
are disfranchised. Hence the necessity of this
repealing act is apparent.
I now yield to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GAliFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have
listened to this debate with much interest, and
I only desire to state very briefly the evil which
the Committee on Military Affairs have tried
to remedy.
According to the report of the Provost Mar-
shal General of January 1, 1805, more than a
quarter of a million of our fellow-citizens stood
on record as deserters. The report gives two
hundred and seventy-eight thousand six hun-
dred and forty-four as the exact number, and
declares that twenty-five per cent, would be a
very small estimate of the proportion of that
vast number who were true and faithful sol-
diers, but who are borne on the roll as desert-
ers because they havetbeen reported as "miss-
ing," having been, it may be, wounded in
action, and their whereabouts not known.
Now, what shall Congress do with regard to
this quarter of a* million people? If we give
any relief we must do one of two things : we
must provide for a quarter of a million trials
to ascertain how many of these men are really
deserters and deserve the punishment provided
under the twenty-first section, and which are
innocent; "or we must, by some general legis-
lation, relieve these persons from the operation
of this law, allowing some unworthy men to
escape that a great many meritorious men
may be relieved from the odium so unjustly
resting upon them.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask a question for
explanation, as it is evident I shall not get an
opportunity to participate in this discussion
this morning. I ask the gentleman to state
whether or not the report does not show that
the majority of th ose reported as deserters at the
time have not •:eported since in accordance
with the operation of law ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I am glad the gentle-
man has called my attention to this. The law
to which he refers was passed March 2, 18C5;
and it provided that the President should issue
a proclamation of amnesty to all deserters who
should report for duty within sixty days. That
proclamation was issued by President Lincoln
March 11, 1865. Now the Provost Marshal
General, page 228 of the report, states that
only 1,755 persons availed themselves of the
provisions of the proclamation. Subtract
from 278,644 and we have more than 270,000
persons who stood on the rolls as deserters at
the beginning of the year 1866.
Mr. LOGAN. Now I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to be fair toward the House and
read the rest of the report, which states what
the majority have reported.
Mr. GARFIELD. Having only yesterday
received a lecture on courtesy from the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] I will endeavor
to conform to his suggestions and be as " fair"
as my poor capacity will allow. If the gentle-
man will indicate anything he desires to have
me read I will read it.
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Ohio has expressed himself as willing so
fully to comply with my request, I ask the gen-
tleman to read the close of the paragraph at
the bottom of page 230.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very willing to read
it, although my colleague on the committee
read it a few minutes ago:
"Since the organization of this bureau the deser-
tions reported have been 278,644. This number is
much too large. Many of those reported as desert-
ers are not so in reality, but are men who became
unavoidably absent from their commands by falling
sick on the march, being injured in action without
the knowledge of their officers, and reported' missing'
and subsequently 'deserted,' and by intentionally or
unintentionally overstaying their furloughs. &c„ &c.
Most of this class afterward voluntarily reported,
but having been placed in the ' return of deserter'
have swelled tbe aggregate."
Where the War Department had proper evi-
dence these corrections were made. The De-
partment is wholly unable from the evidence
in its possession to settle these cases with any-
thing like distributive justice. The number
involved makes it almost impossible to remedy
the evil by acting on individual cases. How
much hope haye we of getting such cases favor-
ably considered by the present executive head
of the Government where they happen to be
of our political faith ? It seems to me better
that the Senate and House of Representatives
should in some way undertake to relieve a
large class of meritorious people, who, if we
do not give them relief, will go down to their
graves bearing honorable scars received in the
service of the country, but with their names
inscribed on the records of their country as
deserters from the flag, and by law denounced
as dishonored aliens. I know of many cases
where relief has been granted, but how many
there are who have no friends at court and
who will never receive relief except by some
general law of Congress?
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask a question in
regard to that. Has there ever been any mer-
itorious case presented to the War Depart-
ment since the law was passed where relief
has not been granted ?
Mr. MUNGEN. I can answer that question
fully.
Mr. GARFIELD. Many cases have been
reported to me. In most cases the soldier has
no evidence to offer except his own statement
of the case. There were no witnesses to his
act of supposed desertion. Perhaps he was
captured by the enemy. ■ Take this case : a
soldier on picket duty in face of the enemy
during a stormy night is wounded and cap-
tured by the enemy, none of his fellow-soldiers
knowing what had become of him, and he was
reported as missing and a few days afterward
as a deserter. After months of suffering he
escaped from prison, finding his regiment
mustered out, the sixty days of amnesty ex-
pired, the war ended, and himself a deserter
and alien from the country which he suffered
so much to serve and save. He has no loyal
witness but his own word ; he is poor, unknowu
to members of Congress, and has no available
remedy. I say there are many cases of this
sort, and I would let a thousand rascals go
'' unwhipped of justice rather than that one such
man should suffer" so unjustly and cruelly,
and I know of no feasible way of reaching that
class except by the remedy proposed in the
bill before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Where a man is shot and
taken prisoner of war does not the fact of his
exchange prove that?
Mr. GARFIELD. I am well aware that
here and there individual cases can be reme-
died, but we should not leave a matter of such
magnitude to individual exertion.
But, as the morning hour has almost expired,
I wish to dispose of this bill. I am willing, if
the House so desires, that it shall be recom-
mitted or that it shall be debated farther or
that it shall be acted on now. An amendment
has been offered which, so far as I am con-
cerned, I cheerfully accept, that it shall ex-
pressly exclude all that class of persons which
some gentlemen think might perhaps be re-
lieved by this repeal—namely, those who went
over to the enemy.
Mr. LOGAN. That will not exclude all the
bounty-jumpers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will ask for the pre-
vious question on the bill and the_ pending
amendment. If the House sustains it we will
go forward to the conclusion of the matter.
If they do not I shall consent to the motion of
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Pile,]
that the bill.be recommitted. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague allow
me one minute.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot. There is only
one minute of the morning hour left.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope the bill will
be recommitted.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to second the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. PILE. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs;
