i86a-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3ra
to iiieet that objection at the instance of the
Senator from Vermont; I do not recollect
distinctly its terms. It was not the intention
of the bill that it should have such operation ;
but if the Senate will take it up now I will
suggest an amendment in the first clause of
the bill. The objection may be obviated by
inserting in the third line of the first section,
after the word "corporations," where it now
reads "corporations maybe formed under this
act,," the words "whose operations shall be
confined exclusively to the District of Colum-
bia."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That would
be better.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the amend-
ment may be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope tins bill will be considered at this time
and for this reason, and I say it with some
little feeling upon the subject. It has been
my fortune, good or ill, as the case may be,
to be up<yi the Committee on the District of
Columbia in the House of Representatives
and in the Senate, and I know what is known
very well in the Senate here, that legislation
which respects the District is anything but
agreeable to the Senate or to the House of
Representatives. Gentlemen are anxious to
get on with the legislation that pertains to the
whole country; and when they are asked for a
day to legislate specially for the District, it is
given grudgingly and generally with a great
deal of opposition; so much of it that it has
become offensive to the members of the com-
mittee even to ask for a day, and rather offens-
ive to be on the committee because the legis-
lation which pertains to the District is looked
upon as rather irksome and disagreeable. In
this case the object of the committee was to
frame a bill by which to cover this general
work of incorporating, the gentleman from
New York says, every man who goes to church
and every woman who makes a batch of butter
or cheese.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Permit mc to ask a ques-
tion : then why do you take our time in pass-
ing all these private corporation bills instead
of passing this general one ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Be-
cause they are excluded from this bill; and I
will say that there are enough left  
Mr. 'EDMUNDS. Why should they be ex-
cluded ? If there ought to be a corporation
bill at all, if these corporations ought to be
founded, why should they not be founded under
general law?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will say that the Senator from West Virginia
had this subject particularly in hand, and lam
riot so familiar with it as he his; but it was
thought by the committee, and especially by
the Senator from West Virginia, that you
could not very well include everything in this
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why have you specially
excluded corporations, as my friend from New
York described itj'-fijr shooting at a mark? Is
there anything so dangerous in rifle-practice
as to make it require the special interposition
of Congress, while a banking corporation or a
railroad corporation or a mining corporation
can be incorporated under a general law?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Very likely some one thought the mark might
be objectionable; lie would get a living mark
rather than a dead one. Perhaps that was the
reason the Senator from West Virginia ex-
cluded that; I do not know. But what 1 want
is that we shall pass a general law that will
obviate this constant work on the subject of
incorporations, so that we may not be called
upon every twenty-four hours to pass an act
which shall incorporate something or some-
body. Let us do something that will cover
the work, and have it out of tlie way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But we have passed cor-
poration bills on every conceivable' subject
almost already.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the Senator thinks so it is because his imagin- ii
ation is not so fertile as that of the people of
this District.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator please
point out to us what class of corporations are
within this bill if all those we have acted on
already to-day are excluded from the bill? I
ask really and seriously for information.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Banks 
Mr. HARLAN. I can answer the Senator's
question.
Mi\ EDMUNDS. You do not allow banks
to be incorporated under this general bill.
Mr. HARLAN. The bills we have passed
are House bills; and there have only been two
cases where the companies could be incorpo-
rated under this general bill; one the shooting
company, and the other the hotel company.
Mr. WiLLEY. Nearly all these bills we
have passed would be embraced within the
general operations of this bill; but then this bill
is not a law, and it is very doubtful whether it
can become a law at this session. These com-
panies are urgent that they should have bills
passed, especially House bills already acted
on in the other branch of Congress, on which
the action of the Senate would be final, and
thus they can have a law at the present ses-
sion. Uut,, Mr. President, allow me to make
this remark to show the necessity of some such
bill: you have passed five or six corporation
bills to-day; the majority of them were printed
on one sheet. Here is a general corporation
law, containing thirty or forty pages, I believe
upward of fifty sections, if I remember cor-
rectly. And why are there so many sections
in a general corporation law? They are as
necessary to the perfection of every individual
corporation bill as they are to the perfection
of a general corporation law, because there is
no special private corporation whose operation
and regulation should not be as strict and as
guarded as the provisions of the general cor-
poration law. We have passed bills to-day
that make no provision for the stock sub-
scribed, that make no provision for the amount
that shall be paid in, how it shall be paid in,
when it shall be paid in, how the directors
shall be appointed, what shall be their qual-
ifications, nor in regard to the mode of their
operations, all of which ought to be in these
bills to make them perfect and secure in their
operation both to the stockholders and to the
community. The great advantage of a gen-
eral corporation law, if it be properly drawn,
is that it collects together as applicable to each
individual corporation that shall organize under
its general rules and regulations that ought to
apply to every corporation.
It was objected when this bill was up before,
by the Senator from New York, thatitembraced
too wide a scope. It is very easy to strike out
just so much of the first section as includes
within its operation matters to be incorporated
as'is deemed objectionable. I do not myself
think it is too wide in its operation ; I should
be glad to have it passed as it is; but if that
be the only objection—and that seemed to be
the only objection remaining to the bill at the
time it was dropped before—it may be very
easily remedied by running the pen through
just so much of the first section as describes
the objects to be incorporated as may be
objectionable to Senators.
There was a section included in the bill that
destroyed my interest in it pretty much. Every
individual corporator under that bill is made
responsible, besides his stock, personally to the
exttsnt of the stock subscribed by him. I did
not think there would be many corporations
organized under it, and therefore 1 lost my
interest in the bill to a very great extent; but
it is here, and if gentlemen see proper to
organize under it let them do it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there have
been a good many corporation acts passed, but
the work is not done ; there will be more to come i
in the future than we have had in the past. I
There is just as much necessity for a general ]
incorporating act now as there ever has been, j
The time of Congress has been occupied a I
good deal since I have been here in passing
little acts of incorporation for various purposes!
in this District, all of which ought, to have beeii
disposed of under a general actof incorporation*
and save the time of Congress. If this bill
authorizes the creation of incorporations which
will have power to do business iti New York,-
Indiana, and all over the country, that part'of
it ought t.o be stricken out. We have no use
for incorporations of that kind in the District
of Columbia and we do not want to create cor-
porations by the General Government having
any such powers. Whatever may be neces-
sary for this District should be provided for ;
not to enable companies to go abroad and do
business all over the country under the guise
of an actof Congress. We have no use for
incorporations of that character.
And now, Mr. President, while I am speak-
ing on this subject, allow me again to call the
attention of the Senate to the importance of
making some general provision by which a
large part of the business presented here for
the District can be done either by the city
councils or in some other way. We are troubled
herewith business from day to day that caa
be better done by a board of county commis-
sioners, and that is transacted by county com-
missioners in my State and yours, and every
other State.
Mr. I'HELINGHUYSEN, I ask the Sen-
ator why he does not introduce such a bill? I
have heard him state that before, and I agree
with him entirely; and I think as he is im-
pressed with that idea, if he would introduce
a bill appointing a commission it would pass
Congress.
Mr. MORTON. There are several very
good reasons why 1 have not introduced such
a bill. I again call the attention of the com-
mittee to the superior impoitatice of making
some provision of that kind. The other day
we were called upon to pass a bill here to pro-
vide for tin-, inspection of hay and straw in this
District, which was a mere police regulation,
and ought to have been provided for by the
city councils or local authorities here. The
time of Congress is taken up, eostingthe nation
heavily and putting the national husiness back
to enact laws which belong to a board of county
commissioners or township trustees, a batch
of business of which we can know nothing,
and we cannot do it properly for the want of
local knowledge.
Mr. President, the government of this Dis-
trict is costing the nation heavily by taking up
the time of Congress; and I respectfully sub-
mit to the able Senators on this committee
that they can serve this District better and the
country better by bringing in a bill making
provision for some sort of local government
here. This business that we are called upon
to transact can be done better by a board of
county commissioners, or by two or three per-
sons appointed'by the city councils, than it can
possibly be done by the Senate. And yet it
costs the nation hundreds of thousands of
dollars to govern the District in regard to mat-
ters that ought to bo disposed of by the local
authorities here. Sir, it has got to be a great
nuisance, it has got to be a great abuse; and I
do hope that those whose business it is to look
after the affairs of this District will endeavor
to report some sort of a bill that will relieve
Congress from these onerous and these petty
duties.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to call attention
to one or two matters in this bill. This is a
bill which provides, in the first place, for the
incorporation of persons for any purpose what-
ever, with certain exceptions. Those excep-
tions are contained in this clause:
But this act shall not be construed to authorize
the incorporation of a bank of circulation, or oi a
company for the construction of any work of inter-
nal improvement, or of any church or religious de-
nomination, or of any company, tho object or one
of the objects of which may be to purchase lands
and resell tho same for profit.
Anything else within the whole range of
human transactions is within the purview of
this bill. It was amended somewhat, I remem-
