1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
was read the first time, and passed to a second
readiug.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to put the hill on its
passage now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the bill read first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read for information.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs
the proper accounting officers, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of John S. Cunningham,
paymaster of the Navy, to allow a credit to
him of $1,G71 07, the amount of public money
stolen from the money-chest of the frigate Col-
orado while the chest was under his charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why take it up now?
Is it a perfectly plain case?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; itis a perfectly
plain case. There is a report accompanying
it, which is as short as any statement I could
make, explaining it, and it can be read. It
was unanimously reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine object to the present con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the report of the
committee be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Your committee, to whom was referred tho " peti-
tion of John S.Cunningham,paymastorUnited States
Navy, praying tho allowance to him of a credit of
$1,071 07, in the settlement of his accounts of tho
frigate Colorado," have had the same under consid-
eration, and beg leavo to report:
The petition and accompanying papers show that
tho petitioner is a paymaster in the United States
Navy, and during the years 1865 and 1866 was fleet
paymaster, doing duty on board of tho United States
lrigateColorado, flag ship of the United States Euro-
pean squadron. That between the months of August,
1865, and February, 1866, thesafein which he kept the
public money on board that ship was repeatedly
opened by Alexander Riley aud John W. Watts, two
ot tholandsmen belongingtotheship, andmoney ab-
stracted by them therefrom, said by Paymaster Cun-
ningham to amount to tho sum of &1.671 07, for which
robbery, after trial and conviction, (tho prisoners
themselves confessing the acts,) tho said liiley and
Watts werosentenced to fiveyears' imprisonment and
the forfeiture of all pay and allowances due or to
become due.
it does not appoar that the petitioner was in any
way careless or remiss in using all tho precautions
filrnished him by the Government for tho security of
the funds with which he was provided, but the testi-
mony of the officers of tho ship, which accompanies
the petition, shows that tho potitioner was uniformly
energetic and watchlul in the performance of his
duty and in protecting the interests of tho Govern-
ment. The Secretary ot tho Navy, in a letter ad-
dressed to tho committee, in answer to inquiries upon
thosubjoet, says:
"Tho Department is aware of no reason for reject-
ing the prayer of tho petitioner"—
And your committee, in view of the many precedents
in such cases, arc fully of tho opinion that tho relief
prayed for should bo granted. They therefore beg
leave to report tho accompanying bill.
The bill was reported to tho Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
naval powder magazines.
M r. PRELINGHU YSEN. The Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of several individuals, asking that the
powder magazines in the neighborhood of New
York may be removed to safer localities, have
directed me to report a joint resolution, and I
ask for its present consideration.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) for the
appointment of a commission to select suitable
locations for powder magazines, by unanimous
consent, was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Navy to select three com-
petent officers of the Navy to constitute a com-
mission,whose duty it shall be to examine and
report upon the practicability of securing more
suitable sites for powder magazines than those
now used in the vicinity of New York, Boston,
and Portsmouth, New Hampshire; and also to
report on the cost of procuring such sites and
the probable expense of erecting magazines
thereon.
Mr. CAMERON. I presented, the other
day, a petition of similar tenor from citizens
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and,.with the per-
mission of the Senator from New Jersey, I
should like to include the Pittsburg magazine
in this joint resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. This is in relation to naval
powder magazines, to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a commission.
Mr. CAMERON. I was not aware of that.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 418) to rebuild the levees on the east bank
of the Mississippi river, and to reclaim the
lands of the Yazoo basin from overflow;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
admission to impeachment trial.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution introduced by the Senator from Rhode
Island yesterday, and which was then laid over.
I desire to offer some amendments to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following order, yes-
terday submitted by Mr. Axthony :
Ordered, That during the trial of the impeachment
now pending no person besides thoso who now have
the privilege ot the floor shall be admitted to the
galleries, or to that portion of the Capitol set apart
tor the use oi theSenate and its officers, except upon
tickets to be issued by the Sergeant-at-Arms. Such
tickets shall be numbered, and shall be good onlyfor
the day on which they are dated. The number of
tickets issued shall not exceed tho number of per-
sons who can bo comfortably seated in tho galleries,
leaving the steps and passages entirely free. The
portion of tho gallery set apart for the diplomatic
corps shall be exclusively appropriated to it, and
tickets of admission thereto shall be issued to the
foreign legations. Four tickets shall be issued to
each Senator, two tickets to each member of the
House of Representatives, two tickets to tho Chief
Justicc and to each justice of tho Supreme Court of
the United States, two tiokots to the chief justice
and to each justice of the supreme court of the
District ol Columbia, and two tickets to tho chief
justice and to each judge of the Court of Claims.
Sixty tickets shall bo issued by the Presiding Officer
to the reporters for the press, and tho remaining
tickots shall be distributed under his direction.
Tho Sergeant-at-Arms. under tho direction of the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, shall carry out these
regulations, and, with the approbation of the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses, shall bo authorized
to cnMp'loy such additional force as may be necessary
for the preservation ot' order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send to the Chair some
amendments.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to suggest that the
Senator from Rhode Island, who is the author
of the resolution, is not in his seat.
Mr. SHERMAN. He was in his seat a mo-
ment ago. I think he is near by.
Mr. CONNESS. lie ought to be present
when it is considered.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The amend-
ments of the Senator from Ohio will be read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the resolution by striking out in the second
line the words " the galleries or to."
Mr. CONNESS. What is the effect of that?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be better to read
all the amendments together. I will explain
them to the Senate so that probably they will
understand them betterthan by their being read.
The resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island contemplates the exclusion of the pub-
lic from all the galleries except upon tickets to
be issued in the mode provided. The modifi-
cations I propose require the Sergeant-at-Arms,
with the approval of the Presiding Officer of
the body, to reserve a portion of the galleries
for the use of those who are provided with
tickets, and to allow the remainder of the gal-
leries not necessary to supply the limited num-
ber of tickets provided, to be open to the
public at large. I do not think the Senate of
the United States now should exclude the pub-
lic from our galleries except upon tickets,
though I am perfectly willing to agree to a
proposition which will set aside a portion of
the galleries for that purpose. With this ex-
planation, I ask that the resolution be read as
it will stand if amended as I propose.
The Secretary. The order if amended as
proposed will read:
Ordered, That duringthe trial of the impeachment
now pending no person, besides those who now have
the privilege of the floor, shall be admitted to that
portion of the Capitol sot apart for the use of tho
Senate audits officers, except upon tickets to bo issued
by the Sergeant-at-Arms. Such tickelsshali be num-
bered, and shall be good only for tho day on which
they aro dated. The number of tickets issued shall
not exceed the number of persons who can be com-
fortably seated in the gal leries, leaving the steps and
passages entirely free. Thcportion ot thegalleryset
apart for the diplomatic corps shall be exclusively
appropriated to it, and tickets of admission thereto
shall be issued to the foreign legations. Four tickets
shall be issued to each Senator, two tickets to each
member of the House of Representatives, two tickets
to the Chief Justice and to each justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, two tickets to the
chief justice and to each justice of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and two tickets to tho
chief justice and to each judgooi theCourtof Claims,
Sixty tickets shall bo issued by the Presiding Officer
to the reporters for the press. And the Sergeant-at-
Arms, under the direction of the Presiding Officer of
the Senate, shall set apart so much of thegalleriesaa
will enable him to carry out these regulations; and,
with tho approbation of tho Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses, shall be authorized to employ such
additional force as may be necessary for tho preser-
vation of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the capa-
city of the galleries to be less than nine hun-
dred—eight hundred and seventy-six by a close
count. The resolution as proposed by the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island contem-
plated the occupation of the whole gallery in
this way. If the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio is adopted it will result in
compressing into a portion of ihe gallery peo-
ple enough to fill the entire gallery.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, I will state to him that the
galleries are supposed, when crowded, to hold,
perhaps, nine huudred or one thousand people.
This would give four tickets to each Senator,
amounting to about two hundred; two tickets
to each member of the House of Representa-
tives, amounting to four hundred. That would
be six hundred. The reporters' gallery, as a
matter of course, is not included.
Mr. ANTHONY. Six hundred and forty
tickets are provided for in my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that there is about
one third of the gallery reserved for the pub-
lic at large under my amendments. Great
numbers of people will come here, attracted
by the historical spectacle, aud I think an
opportunity ought to be given to a reasonable
extent to allow the public to have admittance
to the gallery and take their chance; other-
wise we shall be overwhelmed with applica-
tions for tickets. It seems to me if there is
any objection as to the number of tickets given
out it had better be reduced and each Senator
allowed two and each member of the House
one; but I do not think it is necessary to re-
duce the number of tickets granted by tho
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island,
because that will still leave one third of the gal-
lery open to tho public, and probably very many
of the persons having tickets will not avail
themselves of them on the day named in them.
Mr. CONKLING. Some days ago I caused
a count to be made, for my own information,
of the galleries. The capacity was counted
as for men—a count, as everybody will see, test-
ing the crowded capacity of the galleries—and
eight hundred and seventy-four or eight hun-
dred and seventy-six was reported to me as the
utmost capacity. Six hundred and lorty or
six hundred and fifty tickets, I understand,
are implied by this resolution, and enough of
the gallery is to be fenced off to answer to
those tickets, so that it will be seen that every
part of the gallery will be occupied except a
very small portion. If that is the design, and if
it is worth while to make a change for that pur-
pose, I am not sure that I have any objection
to it.
But I rose to call attention to - another
thing. I see the resolution provides that all
the steps aud passages shall be kept clear. 1
do not see the occasion for that. I have seen
