1T0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. OF lifiPS.
National Expenditures, <&c,,—Mr. Lawrence.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
promptly passed tlie following resolution, a
copy of which was sent to the President:
"Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President, stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Socrctary of "War,
and had designated the Adjntant General of tho
Army to act as Secretary of War ad interim: There-
fore,
" Resolved by the Senate of lite United States. That
under the Constitution and laws of tho United States
the President lias no power to reinovo the Secretary
of War and designato any other officer to perform
the duties of that oliico ad interim
It will be seen by the second section of the
civil office tenure bill, hereinbefore set forth,
that the President, for reasons he may deem
sufficient, may suspend an officer of the Gov-
ernment during the recess, and designate some
suitable person to temporarily perform the
duties of such office until the next meeting of
the Senate, aud until the case shall bo acted
upon by that body; and such person desig-
nated shall take the oath, duly appointed, to
fill such office; and in such case it shall be
the duty of the President, within twenty days
after the first day of such next meeting of the
Senate, to report to the Senate such suspen-
sion, with the evidence and reasons for his
action in the case, and the name of the per-
son so designated to perforin the duties of such
office ; and it' the Senate shall concur the same
shall be certified to the President, who there-
upon may remove such officer; but if the Sen-
ate shall refuse to concur in such suspension
such officer shall forthwith resume the func-
tions of his office.
The fifth and sixth sections provide penal-
ties for a violation of the provisions of that
statute. It therefore clearly appears, Mr.
Speaker, that the President, in defiance of the
provisions of the act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices, has undertaken to
remove Mr. Stanton, the Secretary of War,
and appointed Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary of War ail interim to take
his place, who is and has been attempting (o
force himself into the office and eject Mr.
Stanton. This House, being officially notified
of the action of the President in removing
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
the second time, regardless of tho action of
the Senate of the United States, and in viola-
tion of the provisions of tho civil office tenure
bill, referred the whole subject-matter to the
Committee on Reconstruction, who made a
report, accompanied with a resolution impeach-
ing Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, of high crimes and misdemeanors.
However I deplore the necessity of removal
by impeachment of the Chiuf Magistrate, who
was elected on the same ticket with the lament-
ed Lincoln, and who is the seventeenth man
that has occupied the presidential chair of
these United States, and the third Vice Presi-
dent that succeeded to that position by the
death of the regularly-elected President. When
a proper case is presented I am willing to aet,
and act promptly. It is clear to my mind that
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, has at last committed an overt aet by
attempting to supplant Mr. Stanton, the lawful
Secretary of War, in defiance of the action of
the Senate; to place in his stead Brevet Major
General Thomas, who seems ready and willing
to perform such daring acts, was a high usurp-
ation of power by setting the laws of the land
at defiance and offering an insult to Congress.
His course is not, as contended by gentlemen
on the Democratic side of this House, justifi-
able under the provisions of the aet of Con-
gress approved August 7, 1789, entitled "An
act to establish an executive department to be
denominated the Department of War," but in
direct violation of the provisions of the act of
1807, above referred to, and also in violation
of the provisions of the third section of the
second article of the Constitution of the
United States, which declares that the Presi-
dent " shall lake care that the laws be faith-
fully executed/'
It is our duty, Mr. Speaker, as the Repre-
sentatives of a free people, to assert our consti-
tutional prerogative by impeaching him. Let
us pass this resolution and prefer articles of
impeachment and send them to the Senate,
and if he should bo sustained in his usurpation
let the responsibility rest on tho shoulders of
that legislative branch of the Government.
The President's offense, as charged by the
report of the Committee on Reconstruction, is
within a narrow compass, so that the trial need
not necessarily be protracted. In coming to
this conclusion I am not influenced by any
matters outside of the facts laid before us'.
Mr. Johnson, whether through bad advisers or
his own pcrversencss, has rendered his re-
moval from the presidential chair necessary.
The cvidcncc to warrant such a procedure is
now unmistakable. I would say to tho honor-
able gentleman on tho other side of the House
[Mr. Brooks] that his threats made in behalf
of himself and party will have no influence
upon the Republican members of this House.
They have heard such declamations often be-
fore ; they will do their duty, and whole duty,
irrespective of menaces from any quarter.
This country must be saved from misrule. Tho
United States, as the Constitution declares,
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of Government, aud the late
rebellious States must and shall be so recon-
structed as to carry out that requirement, and
to place the governments thereof in the hands
of such as are loyal.
Whenever any officer of tho Government, no
matter how exalted a position he may occupy,
undertakes to thwart the laws of the United
States, he will meet his deserts at the proper
tribunal; and President Johnson, for his recent
conduct in setting at defiance tho plain man-
dates of a statute, will be arraigned before the
Senate for trial, for I have no doubt of his im-
peachment by this House. He will learn to
his sorrow that Congress will not allow usurpa-
tion even by the highest officer in the land, and
that the former vote on impeachment was no
license to him to disregard tho laws passed by
Congress. I will therefore, Mr. Speaker, as
the case now stands, cast my vote in favor of
impeachment.
National ^expenditures—Hetrenchment—
The 3Vo.tlonstl Debt—The Mode aud Meas-
ure of National Taxation—Tine National
Currency.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
OF OHIO,
In tub House oe Representatives,
February 25, 18G8,
Tho House having under consideration the Presi-
dent's annual message,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
there are four subjects of absorbing interest
which now engage the public attention—the
national expenditures, the national debt, the
mode and measure of national taxation, and
the national currency.
what is needed.
The people justly demand a reduction of
national expenditures; that the public faith
shall be preserved inviolate, but that the bur-
den of interest on the national debt should be
made less, with just provision for the ultimate
payment of its principal; that national taxes
should be reduced in amount, removed from
manufactures and all products of labor, except
luxuries, and be faithfully collected, and that
a settled policy shall be adopted which will
secure to the public the benefits aud give a
supply of national currency adequate for all
the business wants of the country, and which
will encourage and stimulate productive indus-
try, and thereby restore universal prosperity.
With all this and tho speedy reconstruction
of the rebel States on the basis of loyalty and
justice, with guarantees for the future security
and peaco of the country, a policy will be
adopted which will command the public ap-
proval. While there is apparently a general
concurrence in the desire to accomplish most
of these purposes, the mode of doing so is not
so readily agreed upon.
the public expenses—their reduction.
I propose now to speak of the national ex-
penditures, the responsibility for their increase,
and the proper mode of their reduction.
The expenditures during the fiscal year end-
ing June 80,1800, paid in gold, were as follows:
To civil servico, including legislative, executive,
judiciary government of territories, surveyors. Mint,
assistant measurers, and inspectors—to'al civil
list  §6,148,655 41
Foreign intercourse  1,163,^07 15
Miscellaneous service  20,60s,007 92
Total  27,969,870 4S
Service of Interior Department (In-
dians and pensions)  3,955,686 59
Service of War Department  16,409,707 10
Service of Navy Department  11,513,159 19
To the public debt  17,613,028 00
Total $77,162,102 36
(House Ex. Doc. 2, 36th Cong. 2 Sess.; An. llep.
Secretary Treasury.)
The revenues were then derived from cus-
toms, public lands, loans, and Treasury notes,
with a little over one million dollars from mis-
cellaneous sources, and none from what is now
known as " internal revenue."
tiie democratic party responsible for the debt.
The great rebellion has imposed new burdens
011 the people, in the form of a national debt,
on the 1st h ebruary,1868, of $2,651,498,001 98,
besides the annual expenditures for pensions,
bounties, and interest, requiring a system of
internal revenue taxation hitherto almost un-
known. The people feel this grievous burden,
and they will hold in eternal remembrance the
fact that tho Democratic party is icsponsible
for it all. The rebellion, in its origin and pro-
gress, was exclusively chargeable to the Demo-
cratic party. Not one Republican was engaged
in it. During its mad career the Democratic
party gave it " aid and comfort" in the north-
ern States, and to-day there is scarcely a polit-
ical demand made by southern rebels to which
northern Democrats are not ready to assent.
what democracy has done.
The rebellion has not only loft us a legacy
of national debt, but has entailed upon us an
annual charge, which for the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1809, will be:
For pensions to soldiers, thcil- widows, and or-
phans  £30,330,000
liounties to soldiers  25,000,000
Interest on tho public debt  130,000,000
Total $135,330,000
If we add to this for collecting internal rev-
enue the amount it cost in 1807, $7,712,089,
the total will be $193,042,089. If we should
now add the expenses of the last year of
President Buchanan's administration as 1 have
shown, $77,402,102 36, and then add the dif-
ference between gold paid in Buchanan's last
year and paper payable now at forty per
cent., 530,98-1,840 80, it would make a total of
$301,489,032 10.
republican and democratic economy contrasted.
1 hat is, the cost of administering the Gov-
ernment for a year now with the same economy
practiced during the last year of Democratic
rule, adding the inevitable burdens growing
out of the rebellion, and allowing for the dif-
ference between paper and gold would be
$301,489,032 10. In this estimate, too, no
addition is made for increase of officers made
necessary in auditing and paying pensions,
bounties, and interest on the public debt.
The appropriation bills now before Congress,
il passed in the form reported by the Commit-
