18.68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
though lie was from Iowa. Subsequently, while
in service in Arkansas, he was cashiered or
dismissed from the Army; lam told for alleged
immoral practices. It may be that subsequently
there was some.proceeding in regard to his
restoration, but I am unable to state the facts.
At all events, he was a cashiered officer of the
Union Army ; who, remaining there after the
war, became a member of the convention from
the western part of the State, and was selected
as its president.
This man was a candidate for a seat upon
the bench of the supreme court of the State,
and ran as such at this very election, over
which he had large control in his hands. The
tenure of that office, I believe, is for a period
of eight years, and the salary, I am told, has
been fixed at $4,000 per annum. He had
never practiced law. lie had studied law in
youth, as I understand, from one of the Sen-
ators from Iowa, and been admitted to the
bar, but did not practice afterward. He en-
gaged in the military service, turned up in
Arkansas, and is now elected a judge of the
supreme court of that State. A dismissed
officer of the United States Army, unpraeticed
in the law, becomes a judge for eight years of
the State with a good salary, and while a can-
didate for that office, for which he had no quali-
fications or fitness, he is employed as one of the
three commissioners to manage and control
the State election under the very extraordinary
provisions of this schedule to the constitution.
What was the inevitable result of these con-
vention arrangements'? I shall not go over
unpleasantdetails of the State election; I shall
stop with the facts appearing on the face of the
constitution itself, and with this explanation
of the positions of the men in whose charge
the election was put. The practical result of
all this, sir, I repeat, was that there were few
if any opposing votes at the State election;
the convention party had it their own way.
Throughout the State all opposition was ex-
cluded, was stifled, was rendered impossible ;
the convention shaped the election to suit
themselves, and put it in the charge of men
who would control it in their own interest,
and in the interest of their political friends.
It was a very unanimous election; all on one
side.
Well, sir, a Legislature was chosen anditmet.
How was it composed? In the State of Ark-
ansas there were fifty-eight counties, and there
were appointed by the military authorities
from two to three registrars in each countyto
enumerate the voters and to control the mili-
tary election on the constitution. That would
make about one hundred and forty-five alto-
gether in the State. I am informed that nearly
all of these men, almost the entire number,
were candidates for office at the State election.
A large part of them were sent into the State
Legislature ; and where they were not candi-
dates for legislative offices, they were for other
offices.
Now, sir, although the State election and
this military election were separate—the one
held under the authority of the convention and
the other held under the military authority •
they were held at the same places, or nearly
together, and at the same time, and the two
became to ft great extent blended together,
exercising an influence upon each other, and
both are to be taken into account. The regis-
trars who held the military elections, being all,
or nearly all, candidates themselves for election
to the various offices to be filled under the
constitution, the election on which was held
at the same time, had the strongest possible
interest to hold their military elections so as
to carry the constitution. If the constitution
was carried they would get their offices at the
other election. It was certain they would be
elected at the other election, because there was
no organized opposition to them. It, then,
they could obtain by managing the military
elections a majority in favor of the constitu-
tion. they were certain to take office under it.
This fact is to be taken into account in exam-
ining those election returns.
It is clear that the military election, with
which we are mainly concerned, was held by
men throughout the State who were deeply
interested in the result of the vote on the con-
stitution ; who were not independent officers,
but interested ones; and to any irregularity or
disregard of law which is brought to our notice
as committed by them or suffered by them we
are to give a construction hostile to the adop-
tion of the constitution. It is not possible to
rule any question of doubt as to a matter within
the control of these officers in favor of the
adoption of the constitution. They exerted
all their influence and their power unquestion-
ably to secure its success.
Well, sir, what do we find reported as the
result of theirlaboi's? General Gillem's report
isfoundin House ExecutiveDocumentNo. 278,
commencing on the first page and extending
to the sixth. He returns to the General of the
Army reports made to him by the registrars
showing a vote in favor of the constitution of
twenty-seven thousand nine hundred and thir-
teen, and against it of twenty-six thousand
five hundred and ninety-seven, being a total
vote of fifty-four thousand five hundred and
ten. Accompanying it is a tabular statement
of the registration in the several counties, the
aggregate of which is seventy-three thousand
seven hundred and eighty-four, so that accord-
ing to the report about five sevenths of the per-
sons registered in the State voted on the question
of adopting the constitution. This would give
to the constitution a majority of thirteen hun-
dred and sixteen. Is that a true return, or is
it a false and fraudulent one? That is the
next question to which I desire to direct the
attention of the Senate.
In the county of Pulaski the number of votes
polled on the question of adopting the consti-
tution exceeded the whole number of voters
registered in the county by eleven hundred and
ninety-five. In the county of Jefferson the
number of persons reported as voting on the
constitution exceeded the whole number regis-
tered by seven hundred and thirty. In the
county of Jackson it is reported that no elec-
tion was held in one precinct. In Lawrence
county no election was held in four precincts.
In Poinsett county no election was held in one
precinct. These are facts appearing on the
face of the tabular return in General Gillem's
report-
Now, sir, what were the provisions of law
under which this election was held? The act
of the 23d of March, 1867, the first supple-
mentary reconstruction law, provided :
" That if, according to said returns, the constitu-
tion shall be ratified by a majority of the votes of tile
registered electors qualified as herein specified, east
at said election, (at leastone half of all the registered
voters voting upon the question of such ratification,)
the president of the convention shall transmit a cony
of the same, duly certified, to the President ox the
United States."
And subsequently is a provision that—
" If the Congress shall be satisfied that such con-
stitution meets the approval of a majority of all the
qualified electors of the State," &c.
Then the State shall be admitted again to
her representation in Congress and to her
place iu the Union. The first reconstruction
law, the act of the 2d of March, 1867, had a
provision that the State may be readmitted.
Mr. President, as the law stood at the end
of 1867 the persons registered by the military
authorities were the only persons who could
vote upon the question of adopting a constitu-
tion in any one of the ten States to be reorgan-
ized; and it appears that in the counties of
Jefferson and Pulaski persons not registered, to j
the number of about two thousand, did vote j
upon the question of adopting this constitution
for Arkansas. The question is whether those
votes were regular and honest or not. It will be
remembered that on the 11th of March of the
present year we passed a supplementary act in
relation to this subject of reconstruction which
provides:
"That, hereafter anv election authorized by the act
passed March 23,18d7, entitled "An act supplement-
iiry to an act to provide for tho more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States, parsed March 2, 1867,
and to facilitate restoration,'shall be decided by a
majority of the votes actually cast; and at the'elee-
tion in which the question of the adoption'or rejec-
tion of any constitution is submitted any person duly
registered in tho State may vote in the election dis-
trict where h© offers to vote when he has resided
therein for ten days next preceding such election
upon presentation of his certificate of registration,
his affidavit, or other satisfactory evidence, under
such regulations as the district commanders may
prescribe,"
The only pretense of authority for the sur-
plus votes in Pulaski and JeffSrson counties is
this act of the 11th of March, 18G8; but they
cannot be vindicated under that law. From
the report of General Gillem it appears that
he never issued any order under that act of the
11th of March. The law required that these
votes should be taken according to orders
which should be issued by the military com-
mander of the proper district. There was 110
order, there was no regulation, there was 110
provision of any kind by which the persons
who held these elections were authorized to
receive any votes under that act. Now, sir,
let us see how those votes were taken. Gen-
eral Gillem sent an officer to Little Bock just
before he transmitted his report to General
Grant, who made inquiries with regard to the
regularity of the election, and his report is con-
tained at page 23 of House Executive Docu-
ment No. 278, to which 1 have before referred.
That officer says this:
" VicKSBtRG, Mississippi, April 22,1868.
" Major : I have the honor to report that in obe-
dience to Special Order No. 76, dated Headquarters
Fourth Military District, April 10, 18(!S, I started
from Vicksburg on the afternoon of April 10, and
arrived at Little Rock April 13, and returning ar-
rived in Vicksburg the 22d instant.
"I further beg leave to report that I made investi-
gations of alleged frauds at recent elections in Ark-
ansas, and find the facts to be as follows:
"The registrars in Pulaski county permitted (except
in the precinct of Ashley, where the election was first
held) all persons who presented certificates of regis-
tration showing that they had been registered at any
precinct in the State, to vote. They allowed many
persons to vote where certificates showed that they
were registered at other precincts and in other coun-
ties than the county and precinct where they did vote.
With very few exceptions, they did not require from
persons so voting any oath whatever. They did not
ask persons so offering to vote if they had resided in
the county or precinct any length of timewhatever."
It will be remembered that the act of the
11th of March required ten days' residence in
the precinct—
" The registrars didnot take the names of persons
so voting, or the number of their certificates of
registration, or the names of precincts where such
persons were registered; so that they had, and now
have, no guide or check in the matter, and said regis-
trars of Pulaski county cannot now state who thus
voted or the number of such votes; but the regis-
trars declare that they believe the excess of votes
polled over the number of registered votes in the
county of Pulaski is thus explained, and they cannot
otherwise explain such excess. Without any doubt
fourteen or fifteen hundred persons registered else-
where voted in Pulaski. The registrars of Jefferson
county pursued the same course, and allowed per-
sons, wherever registered, to vote at any precinct
where they presented themselves, taking no record
of the same, and only checking such votes by marks
upon the certificate of registration which was re-
turned to the voters."
So that in these counties there is no record
at all of the names of these persons. There
was nothing done at the election by way of
investigating their qualifications, other than
requiring the presentation of certificates no
matter where issued within the State; no
attempt, as it would seem, to verify their iden-
tity and to prevent the same person from voting
more than once ; no evidence taken as to their
residence, whether within the election district
or within the county ; in other words, no test
whatever, such as was required by the act of
11th of March, in tho admission of the votes
of any of these persons, and an utter absence
of any record of who they were so that inquiry
could be made subsequently into their qualifi-
cations and claims to be regarded as electors
of the State. Further on he says :
" Personswho had lost theiroertificates of registra-
tion, and who stated such fact undor oath, were m
most instances allowed to vote oil duplicates tnen
issued ; and this was done even it thei person who
swore to the loss of certificate also stated that lie w.,s
registered (as would appear by lost ceitiiicate) m
another county or precinct. . . 
" Tho duplicate certificate was made in accordance
with terms of the sworn statement, but the registrars
did not know if such sworn statements were true.
