3T20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Mr. RAMSEY. T ask whether the amend-
ment I suggested before has been made, re-
quiring the main span of the bridge to be
over the main channel of the river.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that should be
inserted if it is not in the bill. Of course, they
will have sense enough to make the main span
over the main channel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair is informed
these words were stricken out. They can be
inserted when the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotlike
to interrupt the progress of this bill; but I
noticed one provision as it was read that
seemed to me a little extraordinary, and which
I would like to have explained. There is a
provision for a right of way for all roads that
may center at this bridge coming through the
military reservation. It seems tome that that
is a very loose way of granting a right of way,
without, expressing any points of the compass
from which they are to come even, simply to
say that a road starting from anywhere, if it
only ends at this bridge, shall have the right of
way three hundred feet. It is much more than
what is necessary for a single road. It seems
to me that that is a very loose kind of expres-
sion in defining a right of way. I merely call
attention to this. It seems to me that all bills
granting the privilege of building bridges
ought to be committed to the same committee,
ought to emanate from one committee, that
they may be uniform, and that they may be
carefully guarded in all respects.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that this very provision is one in the interest
of navigation, and one that on a little reflection
I think he will see there is no ground of objec-
tion to. It is rather an advantage in the bill.
It prevents a multiplication of bridges on the
river, which of course is to be deplored. If all
the other railroads desiring to cross in that
vicinity are brought to this one bridge, itsupcr-
sedes the necessity of multiplying bridges on
the river within a short distance, and it is
rather an advantage than otherwise. I really
think the Senator on reflection will approve
of this provision of the bill; otherwise we might
have two or three bridges within a few miles.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the Sen-
ator from Minnesota will see that three hun-
dred feet is more than is necessary for the right
of roadway, and that is to be granted to any
road coming from any quarter if it only barely
ends where this bridge is. I certainly never
have beard of any grant of a right of way like
that.
Mr. POMEROY. The reason why I sup-
pose it was given to any road was that if the
exclusive right of way was given to one par-
ticular road, that company might prevent any
other company from enjoying it without paying
an enormous price. They mightpreveritanother
company desiring to cross the river and make
a connection from having the right of way. I
apprehend the object of the committee in pro-
viding for giving it to any company was to
prevent any one company having a monopoly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That would
be sufficiently guarded by giving them all the
right to cross at this bridge without giving the
right of way clear through the reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. That provision is ac-
counted for by the fact that there are at least
two or three companies that have charters
with rights to cross the Missouri river and
cross this reservation, but there will probably
be only one road. No one of them has built
yet, and it is not known certainly which com-
pany will build, and this is arranged so that
whichever company builds will have the right
of way over this bridge. I think there will be
but one road built.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why do you want a
right of way more than one hundred feet wide?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It might be
subject to very great abuse. Unquestionably
there will be a town established near this
bridge, and very likely one on each side of the
river, if there should be a town established
on each side of the bridge, then it would be in
the power of any parties who obtained the
right to build a road to get thrpo hundred feet
of this laud, use as much of it. as they wanted
to build their road, and the rest of it for any
other purpose.
Mr.'POMEROY. Allow me to state to the
Senator that 011 both sides of the Missouri
river there is a military reservation, so that
there can be no town built. Only one company
will build aroad, and it is not known yet which
company will build ; and hence the provision
is that any company shall have the right of
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I notice by the reading
of the bill that three hundred feet are not gran ted
to each company, but to all these railroads
together.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I thought it
was for each one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it is for all the
roads together. If the Clerk will read it it
will be seen that that is so.
The Chief Clerk read the following clause:
That for the use of all railroads leading to paid
bridge, from either side of the river, there shall be
granted a right of way through said Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation not exceeding three hun-
dred feet in width.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be
well to put in a proviso that no one railroad
shall have more than one hundred feet. That
is the widest grant I have ever known, and it
is all that is necessary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no railroad
that needs three hundred feet; ordinarily, they
need about thirty or forty feet.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a bridge to ac-
commodate a wagon-road as well as the rail-
road.
Mr.- FESSENDEN. What does any rail-
road or wagon-road want with more than six
rods in width?
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot make a
wagon-road right alongside of a railroad. It
is not safe to bring them together, within a
hundred feet. There should be a wider space
than is simply sufficient for a railroad track,
because there will be immense droves of stock
passing on the wagon-road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it reads, several
roads might combine, and if only one road
were built that might take the three hundred
feet.
Mr. POMEROY. The provision is for the
railroads and a wagon-road, that together they
may have three hundred feet, and I think they
ought to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this a bill for any-
thing more thiin a railroad bridge?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a railroad bridge
and a wagon-road bridge.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does it say "for a
railroad and wagon-road?"
Mr. l'OMEROY. L think it does, but it can
be read. A width of one hundred feet would
be enough probably where there were no bluffs,
no large excavations, and no embankments;
but on one side of the river there is a bluff, and
there will have to be a deep excavation, and
on the other side a very heavy embankment.
They have to go into the bottom and build a
bridge fifty feet above low water. In that way
there must be an immense embankment to
approach the river and get high enough. That
is the reason why it has to be quite wide.
The reservation ison both sides of the river.
I have thought it almost impossible to build a
suspension bridge there ; but as this bill allows
nothing but a suspension bridge, and as the
companies must "approach the bridge by an
embankment fifty or sixty feet high running for
a great distance, I do not think it could begot
wEhin one hundred feet if it could be within two
hundred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not amend the
provision of which 1 am speaking by saying that
three hundred feet shall be the aggregate for all
the roads?
Mr. ROSS. It is contemplated that there
may be more than one road using this same
right of way, and the design is to include all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the proposition is
that they may all together have three hundred
feet it is, perhaps, not objectionable.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. The way it reads now
I think it may be construed that each road may
have three hundred feet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To make that clear I
move to strike out the word ''all'' where it
now occurs in the section and insert after the
word ''exceeding" the words il forthem all."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What objection is
there to a proviso declaring that if only one
road is built it shall have only one hundred
and fifty feet?
Mr. POMEROY. The embankment would
have to be as wide for one road as for two.
The Committee on Military Affairs having re-
quired a suspension bridge, having thought it
inexpedient to allow a pivot bridge, the em-
bankment to approach it will have to be very
high, and will require, lam sure, not less than
three hundred feet for a base.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Air. TRUMBULL. I have modified the
amendment slightly, so as to make it more
specific. I propose to modify it so that if
amended the section shall read:
That for tbo use of railroads leading tosnid bridge
from either side of the river there is hereby granted
a right of way through said Fort Leavenworth mili-
tary reservation not exceeding for all of said roads
three hundred feet in width.
Mr. POMEROY. That is right, I think.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Kansas of course is acquainted with the
locality, and I desire to ask him whether this
right of way would interfere with anything that
ought to be reserved on the part of the United
States in the military reservation ? This giving
them a right of way through the military res-
ervation might empower the railroads to go
across that reservation where it would subject
the Government of the United States to great
inconvenience. I think the rights of the Uni-
ted States in that reservation ought to "be pre-
served. Whether they would be if the bill
should pass as it is 1 am not sure.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill was referred
first to the War Department, then sent out to
the authorities at Fort Leavenworth, and put
in its present shape according to their recom-
mendations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see that there is a
provision in the bill that it is not to interfere
with the improvements.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not to interfere with
any buildings or improvements.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " river," in line ten
of section two, the words :
And the main span shall he over the main ehannol
of the river at low water.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CIIAULES li. TANNER.
_ Mr. FR.ELINGHUYSEN. There is a little
bill I desire to take up, House bill No. 1069 ;
it is to pay a soldier ยง150. I move to take
it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1069) for the relief of Charles B. Tan-
ner, late a first lieutenant sixty-ninth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
ยง114 92, to be paid to Charles B. Tanner, late
first lieutenant and aid in the first brigade,
second division, second Army corps, to cover
a period of service from November 8 to De-
cember l->, 1804, inclusive, at which time he
actually performed duty and was regularly
commissioned in the sixty-ninth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, but was not mus-
tered in.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
