2696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
and the persons who made them eapnot now b© iden-
tified. No less than fifty, and probably a much
greater number, of such votes were cast in Pulaski
CQunty.'
He says again:
" A consolidated return was forwarded by the
registrars of. Jefferson county, for which they allege
an excuse that they thought it • tho best way.'"
He goes on and gives a number of details,
with which I shall not trouble the Senate, all
tending to show irregularity and false votes.
He also speaks of what is an important fact,
•the revision of the registration list,which took
place immediately before the election :
".On tho revision of registration, quite a number
of persons Svere strieken off the books. Of this they
had no noticc, and on election presented their votes,
which were rejected, in many instances without any
explanation. As such persons generally desired to
vote against the Constitution, this rejection of their
votes gave them reason for believing that votes
against the constitution were unjustly rejected, and
the whole election fraudulent."
The only excuse that I can find in the report
of this officer as made to General Gillem, or
find anywhere in the documents, is this:
, "No fraud by registrars appears to have been
intended in this matter, as they allowed poisons
elsewhere registered to vote only after mutual con-
sultation and consideration of act of Congress passed
March H, 1808, but their conduct was very unfortu-
nate,_ as the registration law was thus virtually
impaired. Any person who presented an uncanceled
certificate of registration (tho registrar could not tell
if the same was forged or not) was allowed to vote,
and such persons cannot now be identified."
This election began on the 13th of March,
and I find from official documents that il term-
inated on the last day of March, tho 31st, in the
county of Pulaski, which was the one in which
there was the largest surplus of votes; in other
words, the election officers in that county com-
menced holding the election the 13t.h of March,
and they went on holding it and taking votes,
passing from one precinct to another down
until the 31st. They received the votes of
anybody who presented them a certificate from
any part of the State ; they required no proof
of residence in the district, nor anything else
required by the law, and yet we are told that
these votes are to be counted by virtue of the
act of the 11th of March. How preposterous !
That lawn quired explicitly a residence of ten
days in the election district; it required the
presentation of a certificate of registration; it
required the affidavit or other satisfactory evi-
dence of the right of the claimant to vote to
be presented to the board under such regula-
tions as the district commander should pre-
scribe. The district commander never pre-
scribed any regulation. NQne of these condi-
tions of that act of tho 11th of March were
ever complied with. Of all this we have the
most conclusive evidence in the official report
before us.
How, then, can it be held that these votes
should be counted by virtue of that act of the
11th of March, and cotne into this return to
poison and corrupt it, and to induce us to accept
this constitution of Arkansas as having been
actually adopted by the people of that State?
The election officers of Pulaski county " con-
sulted together." Yes, sir; they did consult
together. The elections were held throughout
the State generally on the 13th of March, and,
as I have showed you, a number of prccincts in
Other counties were not visited by the officers,
and no elections were held, no votes were
taken, the people were disfranchised ; but here
in Pulaski county they kept up their election
for a period of seventeen or eighteen days,
collecting votes. Is it wonderful that they
have great surplus vote over their registration
list, and is it not as evident as anything can be
that rests on inference that all those surplus
votes were fraudulent? At all events they were
all illegal; they were polled by virtue of no
law; they were polled in contempt of law, and
in the absence of instructions from the mili-
tary commander of the district.
As the act of 11th of March was passed two
days only before the election on the 13th, there
was no time to transmit the law to Arkansas
and to have information concerning it distrib-
uted among the election officers and among the
people. General Gillem informs us in his
report that he was not informed of this provis-
ion with regard to voting on certificates which
I have read until the election was over. He
was not notified until the election was over
generally in the State that there was any such
lawin existence, and he could notissueinstruc-
tions under it. Yet, after the election was
over in the remainder of the State, when pre-
cincts in various counties stood disfranchised
because the time had gone by, here in Pulaski
and Jefferson counties the officers go on and
take nearly two thousand votes and put them
into the return and report them to the general;
what for? In order to elect themselves to
offices under the constitution of Arkansas.
Why should not these votes be rejected ? Why
should not we hold that the constitution failed?
There is a suggestion somewhere that you
cannot tell whether those unregistered voters
voted for or against tho constitution ; you can-
not tell how they voted; therefore you are to
consider that they voted against the constitu-
tion, or that a sufficient number of them so
voted as to cause no change in the result.
That is the only suggestion which conies from
any quarter upon which to assume that the
constitution was in fact adopted. I will answer
that explanation.
In the first place, tho votes against the con-
stitution returned in Pulaski county were only
nine hundred and ninety-seven, which was
much less than the surplus vote. Therefore a
part of this fraudulent and surplus vote could
not have been made up of men who voted
against the constitution. That a mere glance
informs us. How stood itin Jefferson county?
There were seven hundred and thirty surplus
votes, and the whole number of votes against the
constitution was only four hundred and thirty-
eight; so that there were three hundred more
false votes iu that county than were polled
against the constitution.
Besides, it. is very evident from the extraor-
dinary conduct of the election officers in keep-
ing up the election until the end of March, and
in disregarding the regulations of law in receiv-
ing votes, that they were engaged in a fraudu-
lent proceeding. And as they were all parti-
sans of the constitution and deeply interested
in its suceess, the conclusion is inevitable that
the spurious votes received were in favor of the
constitution.
But the extent of the fraud is not measured
by the number of votes in excess of the regis-
tration. All the registered voters did not, prob-
ably, vote. Taking the State together, only
five sevenths of those registered voted at the
military election, and no doubt a great many
did not vote in Pulaski and Jefferson who were
on the registration lists.
Assuming then, that these surplus votes were
polled for the constitution, it follows that that
constitution was rejected in fact by tho people;
that instead of their being a majority in favor
of it of thirteen hundred, it was iu fact rejected.
You have the two facts, the illegality of this
vote under the law, and that its rejection defeats
the constitution. General Gillem does not
report to us or to his military superior that
this constitution was adopted. He says this,
after speaking of the objections made to the
fairness of the vote, its regularity, and integ-
rity, and explaining that he is not responsible
for it, that he never gave any orders for taking
these votes, but he goes on to say:
"In a question of such importance, and ono purely
civil#in which the action to be taken by tho district
commander is not prescribed by section five of the
act of March 23, 1867, I have determined to forward
the entire record for the action of the proper author-
ity."
It is sent to us for our judgment; the Gen-
eral has exercised none upon it; at all events,
he has expressed none ; and we are brought to
the naked facts, and are to judge them for our-
selves. The question, then, is whether we should
take the interested action of the registrars in
Pulaski and Jefferson counties, action made in
their own interest as candidates, and to accom-
modate them put into this count, two thousand
votes to carry the constitution.
Now, sir, what do the reconstruction laws
require in what I have read from them 1 They
require that when the constitution of one of
these southern States is sentliere it shallappear
to Congress that it is in poin| of fact adopted
or agreed to by a majority of the electors of the
State. That is in your law. Another provis-
ion is in the first act that a majority of the elect-
ors of the State shall have voted upon the
question. But whether your law required it or
not, it is an indispensable requisite to the
acceptance or validity of a constitution that it
shall have been agreed to by a majority of the
electors of the State called upon to vote on its
adoption or rejection. Is there any reason why
the Semite should sink itself down to the level
of these interested officers in Arkansas who
run their elections by the week? I perceive
none.
I believe, then, that this constitution was
rejected by the people of that State. I believe
that the instrument itself is, in some respects,
anti-republican. I believe that its provisions
are unjust as well as unreasonable, and that it
is opposed to the opinions and to the interests
of a majority of the people of that State. Hold-
ing these opinions I must vote against this bill.
If I had had a little more leisure I should have
combined together various matters of proof in
this report of General Gillem bearing upon the
election, and showing that it was substantially
unfair, and that any apparent result reported
from it is not to be relied upon as expressing
the opinions of the electoral population of that
State.
I forbear. I content myself with bringing
distinctly before the Senate sufficient inform-
ation to show that the constitution was re-
jected, and that it is not the act and deed even
of that portion of the people of Arkansas
who, under your reconstruction laws, are per-
mitted to vote. Of course, it is opposed by
all those who were excluded from registration
under the act of 2d of March and its several
supplements. Why, then, should the State be
readmitted to representation, as a member of
the Union ?
Sir, I cannot understand why gentlemen
should disturb themselves very much about
hurrying the State of Arkansas into the Union
under this false election. As to civil order,
the maintenance of law, the preservation of
peace, the administration of justice within the
limits of that State ; as to her restoration to
her former condition of peace and quiet as an
orderly member of this Union; as to her per-
formance of her constitutional duties as in
former times, you are not to get these things
from the false government which has been set
up within that State. These registrars of elec-
tion, who are intruded into her offices: these
persons, without stake of property or of repu-
tation, are not the men to wield the political
power of that State, and to preserve her civil
institutions in a condition of vigor and of
puritj', out of which good government may be
expeet.ed_ to spring. When she has formed a
constitution which is republican in its spirit
and in substance ; when she allows good faith
between man and man to be enforced ; when
she ostracizes permanently from the right
of suffrage only notorious criminals and inca-
pable persons^ and invites intelligence and
honor and thrift and industry into the political
organization which she sets up, and when she
shall hold an election which shall be honest
and lawful, it will be time for us to consider
whether she shall be admitted to representa-
tion under the policy of reconstruction upon
which Congress has entered, and which those
who control the action of Congress have thus
far pursued.
It is true that tho former organizations set up
by the people in Arkansas and in other States
upon invitation of the President have failed.
They have failed by reason of our refusal to
accept them, and they are either no longer in
existence or they are so crippled and enfeebled
by military encroachment upon their jurisdic-
tion and power that they are substantially of
little account. Therefore there is no reason for
