1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
dent of the United States sustains by possi-
bility to the office of President of the United
States is such that he shall take no part in the
great trial. _ That is what the Constitution
means. It is not a matter of form and cere-
mony and dignity that the Chief Justice shall
preside here. It is of the very substance that
he who, by possibility, can fill the office if the
Senate shall make it vacant, shall not sit here
even to preserve order and decorum while the
great proceeding is going on.
I hope, sir, that I need not disclaim any per-
sonal feeling in this matter. I make the point
flow because I think that the Constitution itself
controls the organization of this court. I think
that the Constitution itself does settle it, that
no man shall help to take from the President
his office when that man is to fill the office if
the proceeding succeed. There is no analogy
between this and the case suggested by the
Senator from Michigan. Affinity does not of
itself by common aud universal law exclude a
man from presiding in court; it must be done
by express statute, and it is so provided in the
codes of the different States. But here the
Constitution itself says that no man shall pre-
side who may succeed to the office. I hope,
sir, in view of the importance of this question
that the motion made by the Senator from
Maryland to postpone its consideration until
to-morrow will prevail.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chief Justice, I sub-
mit that the motion or question made by the
Senator from Indiana is altogether premature,
for this reason: it is either addressed to the
Senate of the United States or to the court,
for the trial of an impeachment. If it be to
the Senate, then I respectfully submit that the
Presiding Officer of the Senate should occupy
the chair; if to a court, then there is no court
organized competent to pass or decide upon
this question. Some of the members here
have been sworn, others have not. Am I to
be called upon to decide on this question
which, perhaps, relates to the merits of the
case to be determined, without having had an
oath administered to me like other members ?
Is this question to be decided at this time? Is
there any court organized that can decide this
question? I do not know exactly what the
question is. Is it a challenge that has been
submitted by the Senator to a fellow-Senator?
If that be so it is an extraordinary proceeding.
I never heard that one juror could challenge
another juror; I never heard that one judge
could challenge another judge. When the
necessary preparations are made for the trial,
it may be that the managers on the part of the
House of Representatives and the accused
be willing and desire to have the Senator from
Ohio participate in this trial. Is it not their
privilege? Suppose they both agree to that
and to waive all objections ? Then I am con-
fident that they have the right to make this
question, and not any Senator.
The Senator from Indiana suggests that no
judge who is interested in a question was ever
known to preside when that question was con-
sidered, Is not that altogether a matter left
to the judge? Did the honorable Senator
ever know a court to adopt a rule and declare
that a member of that court should not parti-
cipate in any decision? Whenever a question
is presented to a court, the judge decides for
himself as to whether or not it is a case in
which he can take any part? If he decides
that he cannot participate in the trial, he with-
draws from the bench; but the court never
undertakes to prescribe the rule for his_action,
to say that ho shall or shall not participate in
the decision. But I do not propose to discuss
the question. I make this point, however, that
at this time this body, with a part of the mem-
bers sworn and a part unsworn, cannot decide
the question, because it is a question that re-
lates to the rights of the country and of the
accused; and before I am called upon to pass
upon this question, it is necessary, it seems to
me, that I should be sworn as well as the other
members who have not been called upon to
take the oath.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
answer me a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose this was a trial of
articles of impeachment against the President
of the United States when there was a Vice
President in being, and suppose that Vice
President was to present himself here and
offer to become a part of the court, could not
the Senators exclude him from that position ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chief Justice, I do
not propose to argue that question; but the
case propounded by the Senator is not parallel
to the case before this body, because the Con-
stitution expressly excludes the Vice Presi-
dent from any participation in this trial, but it
provides that each Senator shall vote.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator sug-
gested that it rested with the Senator himself
whether he should form part of the court or
not, and that the residue of the body could
not make the exception. I presented that
example forthe purpose of showing that under
that state of case the body of the court itself
would exclude the Vice President, though he
even offered to become a component part of
the court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What I said was simply
in response to the suggestion of the Senator
from Indiana that the Senator from Ohio could
not participate in these proceedings because a
judge who was interested in a case could not
participate in the hearing of it. I say it is
always in every case left for the judge to de-
cide for himself as to whether he will or will
not participate in the trial, and the court itself
does not undertake to exclude him.
It does not follow, as it strikes me, because
this court is organized as the Constitution re-
quires, each Senator taking an oath, that every
Senator will necessarily participate in the trial
and vote upon the questions involved. He
may take the oath; he is required to take the
oath and then, after he is qualified to act, it
will be for him to determine whether or not he
will participate in the trial, and not for the
Senator to say now before the court is organized
that he shall not be allowed to take the oath.
He is a Senator and the Constitution says that
each State shall have two Senators, and that
each Senator shall have one vote. The Con-
stitution gives to each Senator a right to vote
upon every question in the Senate. That is a
constitutional right; but if he is interested in
any way, then ho may not participate in the
decision if he sees proper.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whatbecomes of our rule
on that point?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That rule is not one that
can override the Constitution ; and if any Sen-
ator, notwithstanding that rule, upon any ques-
tion should insist upon his right to vote, I main-
tain that he can vote notwithstanding the ride,
because the Constitution says that every Sen-
ator shall have a right to vote upon every ques-
tion. It may be indelicate and improper for a
Senator to vote upon many questions ; but as
I said I did not intend to argue that question
and was drawn off from the point which I in-
tended to make, which is, that at this time it
is not competent for this body to decide as to
whether or not the Senator from Ohio can take
the oath.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do
not design to discuss the matter. I merely
rise to make the suggestion which would follow
from what has been said by the Senator from
Oregon, that it would be better to organize
the court fully before deciding the question, if
we are to decide it at all. There is no diffi-
culty in postponing the administration of the
oath to the honorable Senator from Ohio until
all have been sworn except him, and then
the court will be properly organized so far as
to enable all gentlemen to act as members of
the court. I would suggest, therefore, that
the administration of the oath to the honor-
able Senator from Ohio be merely passed over
until it has been administered to other gentle-
men whose names come after his upon the
list, and then the question can be decided.
Mr. CONNESS. M;y only objection to the
proposition now made is that in my judgment
the Senate have no such right. They have no
right to pass directly or indirectly, in my opin-
ion, any reflection upon the right of any Sena-
tor to participate in the proceedings that are
taking place. The question as it seema to' me
is settled. It was settled when the credentials
of the Senator were presented, and he was
admitted to his seat, it is not competent for
tho Senate, in my opinion, to attempt to
deprive a Senator of his vote; and so far as
the suggestion or proposition easts doubt upon
the question, it does not meet the approbation
of my judgment. I prefer very much that a
vote shall now be taken, not upon the direct
question as suggested by the Senator from
Indiana, but that it take the form of a motion.
I think the question whether a Senator has an
interest in these proceedings such as would
prevent him from voting and acting as such
pending the trial, is a question for himself
alone, and that no other Senator nor the Sen-
ate combined can impose any restriction upon
his legitimate participation in theso^great pro-
ceedings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire simply to say
that, in making the suggestion, I did not mean to
be understood as expressing the slightest opin-
ion in any way, but to avoid the difficulty sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Oregon.
He says he is not yet a member of the court; he
has not been sworn. If we are to take a vote
upon this question directly, are we all to vote
or not? Certainly the larger number have
been sworn, but some have not been sworn.
There is nothing in the shape of reflection or
even the intimation of an opinion, one way or
the other, in simply suggesting that it would
be well to have all those who are to vote upon
the question sworn, inasmuch as part have
been sworn, before the vote is taken. That is
all; and I see no difficulty such as has been
suggested by the honorable Senator from Cali-
ifornia. The honorable Senator from Ohio
can be presented again; there is nothing in
any rule that requires the oath to be taken
alphabetically as the names are called: that
is a mere matter of convenience. Certain
gentlemen are absent now from their seats;
they will be allowed unquestionably to tako
the oath when they come iu. My suggestion
went to that extent and no further, that we
who are to act upon the question, if we are to
act at all, should be placed upon a level bo-
i'oie we proceed to act, and that the court
should be duly organized as a court, which it
is not yet. If the suggestion is not agreeable
to gentlemen, it makes not the slightest differ-
ence to me; I care nothing about it one way
or tho other. I have no opinion to express at
present upon the subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, we arenow
sitting in a judicial capacity for the trial of a
particular impeachment. VVe are organizing
ourselves for the purpose of proceeding to con-
sider the facts of the case; but this must be
regarded, I tliinkj as a part of the trial. Oth-
erwise, Mr. President, we should not expect
to see you presiding over us. Now, sir, the
Constitution declares that " each Senator shall
have one vote;" and it further declares that
" no person shall be convicted without the con-
currence of two thirds of the members pres-
ent." There may be absentees—no matter
how many—so be that a quorum of the body
remains present and voting.
The honorable Senator from Ohio is present,
not absent. lie is now ready to take the oath
prescribed by the Constitution, to participate
in the trial, like the rest of us. I do not un-
derstand upon what ground it js at this stage
of the proceeding that an objection can be sus-
tained to his taking the oath. Certainly U will
not be claimed that we are now acting in our
ordinary capacityasaSenate ; but we are acting
in a judicial capacity as a Senate; or, in other
words, if you please, for brevity's sake, as a
court. What right, I beg to inquire, have the
members of the Senate, who do not yet under
the Constitution constitute a part of the court,
