1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
hurrying Arkansas in under this bill in order
to prevent presidential reconstruction from
molding the institutions of that State. There
is no reasbn for hurrying her back into Con-
gress, through her Senators and Representa-
tives, to preserve peace, quiet, and order within
her borders, because these will notbe produced
or maintained by this constitution and the
organization of government under it. The
people there know that this constitution was
voted down. They know that it was rejected
by probably ten thousand majority. I have not
gone fully into the shameful history of that elec-
tion. 1 have coulined myself to the face of the
record which the general in command sends us.
But all men in Arkansas of any intelligence
know that even by the men permitted to vote in
that State that constitution was rejected, and
rejected largely. They all know that these
registrars were running about Pulaski and Jef-
ferson counties for two weeks huntingup votes
to count the constitution carried after they had
information from the rest of the State that it
was rejected.
They know that the Legislature was filled up
with those men that managed the election and
that Senators were chosen here by their inter-
ested votes. They know that the men who
come to your House of Representatives were
selected under a proceeding that was outrageous
and unjust to the electoral classitself, restricted
as it is. They know that ivhen a convention man
could go into an eight years' supreme judgeship
of their State who has not practiced law and who
knows little of legal principles or of the laws
of that State that their property is not secure,
their rights are not safe; that when an adven-
turer can seize upon their penitentiary and
grow rich upon the plunder of the people,
secured, by a convention resolution, and when
their offices generally are tilled with men with-
out property or stake in the community, no
peace, concord, harmony, and justice (all under
the guardianship of good government) can be
expected in that State.
Continue your military government in Ark-
ansas for a time, if you choose ; if you choose
make provision for civil government of a tem-
porary character; better than this measure
would it be to take even these persons that are
now in power under the State constitution and
allow them an ad interim authority.
Mr. HOWE. Under the act of 1705 ?
[Laughter. ]
.Mr. BUOKALEW. Not under the act of
1795, but under an act of 1868.
Mr. President, I have never been exceed-
ingly troubled about the hurried representa-
tion of States from the South. I have always
had a sort of feeling that the States which
went through the war, and at its close were in
possession of the powers of the Government,
might very well look cautiously and carefully
at the question of readmitting men from the
revolted States. 1 was not impatient at some
pause and reflection on this subject. My voice
has not been raised against a moderate amount
of reflection on this question of reorganization;
and when I saw that the plan proposed by the
President was impossible, I have not been
willing to accept some plan of congressional
restoration in lieu of it, in order merely to get
done with the subject. I would like to see
complete restoration take place upon an agree;
ment or assent of the whole populations of
the States interested. Now, sir, if I under-
stand the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] who speaks m favor of this bill, the
South is to be hurriedly reconstructed for the
purpose of getting particular votes polled and
particular votes counted in the Electoral Col-
leges.
That is a very petty ground to put it upon.
Sir, my experience in life has been that men
who on grave occasions, in reference to grave
measures, go down to some low or improper prin-
ciple of action generally fail in that purpose ;
that in the long run it is best to act on those
high and permanent principles of human con-
duct which will endure investigation and the
trial of future times. Let me tell the Senator
that in his hurried, his feverish anxiety to use
the subject of reconstruction for a temporary
purpose, he may be committing the great polit-
ical blunder of his life.
However, sir, I shall not speak further.
Believing that it is best for the people of
Arkansas that their reentrance into Congress
should be delayed a little longer instead of
being obtained under this bill and under the
circumstances which now exist regarding the
political organization of that State; believing
that her constitution is vicious and evil, and
that it was rejected by the honest vote of the
State in the recent election, I shall in all pos-
sible forms in which the question comes, up at
the present session vote against restoring her
to her immediate representation in Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I do not rise
to discuss the bill; but the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckalew] has made an illu-
sion to a judge of the supreme court of Arkan-
sas elect in terms that reflect somewhat on his
character; and, as those remarks go into the
Globe and will stand there as a kind of official
record for all time, I think it due to him, as
he was brought up ill the town in which I live,
for me to drop a word or two of explanation.
I knew Mr. Bowen when he was a boy. He
was a boy of great energy of character; he
studied law, and was admitted to the bar in
the town in which I live, and afterward emi-
grated to a county some one hundred miles
west of us; was elected a member of the Iowa
Legislature, and served in that body with
credit; and I do not remember that I ever
heard anything reflecting on his character
morally while he was a citizen of my State.
At the beginning of the war he entered the
military service, and served with success. I
did hear, during the continuance of the war,
that he had some difficulty, and was at one time
dismissed from the service; but I learn from
the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Tiiayeu,]
who was personally conversant with the facts,
that he was dismissed without an examination,
and on examination was restored to the ser-
vice. He did have a domestic difficulty. I
know nothing of the facts in that case as to the
merits or demerits of it; but he was divorced
from his wife. lie brought her back, how-
ever, to the town in which I live, and where
he was brought up, bought property for her,
and, I think, expended about all he was worth
in the world ill fixing her up. He was after-
ward divorced, and I think has married a sec-
ond time.
I was not as intimate with him as I was with
some of the other young men of the town for
this reason: I was absent from the place a
large part of the time, and politically I did not
associate with him. He was a member of the
Democratic party, and I may say to his credit
he was a kind of leader of the party, called
their conventions, generally made speeches for
them on local occasions, drew up their resolu-
tions, and displayed a sprightly ability highly
creditable to him. When elected to the Legis-
lature he was still a Democrat, elected from a
Democratic county, as the county in which he
lived was one of the very few Democratic coun-
ties in the State of Iowa, and on the floor of
the House he was a kind of managing man for
his paity friends. I do not think that anything
ever occurred that came to the public knowl-
edge, at least while he lived in Iowa, that would
justify any reflections on his moral character,
it may be true that he was a little erratic, as
youths sometimes are; he may have been a lit-
tle wild, and probably was; but T do not think
it quite right that a record should be made
here that may come to his prejudice for all time
without this explanation.^ If what 1 have
said in relation to his dismissal and restoration
is not exactly according to the record the Sen-
ator from Nebraska can set me right.
Mr. THAYER. I would add, Mr. Presi-
dent, that he was dismissed the service sum-
marily by the department commander without
any trial or investigation, and aiterward,
j upon a review of the case by the War Depart-
I ment, he was restored and honorably mus-
tered out of the service, and was breveted by
the Department as brigadier general for merit-
orious services. These are the facts in the
ease.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say only a word.
Colonel Bowen is very well known to my
State, having raised and commanded a regi-
ment there, and I never heard anything to his
discredit. He was a leader formerly, when I
first knew him, of a small Democratic party;
but he soon abandoned it, very creditably, as
I expected he would when he came to my
State, and since the breaking out of the rebel-
lion lie has been a firm, consistent Union
man, very much beloved by his regiment;
and I am surprised to hear any man reflect
upon his ability. I think he has very com-
mendable talents, and the officers that I have
known who were elected in the manner the
Senator from Pennsylvania has stated, would
reflect credit and honor upon any station. I
do not know all of them, but I know the Gov-
ernor, and I know the judges, and I know
| very many of them, and they will maintain
themselves creditably in any organization.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in this
constitution there is one point on1 which I shall
address myself to the Senate. Itprovides that
every person who offers to be registered or to
vote shall take a certain test-oath. It is an
oath addressed to his conscience to test his
political opinions. He must swear that he
accepts the civil and political equality of all
men without distinction of race or color. The
language of the section is "All persons, before
registering or voting, must take and subscribe
the following oath," in which is contained these
words, "that I accept the civil and political
equality of all men, and agree not to attempt
to deprive any person or persons, on account
of race, color, or previous condition, of any
political or civil right," this having reference,
as a matter of course, to the question of suf-
frage, which is a political right. If that con-
stitution be adopted in the State of Arkansas,
and Congress recognize that constitution as the
constitution of Arkansas, what is its practical
effect? A majority of all the men in the State
of New York would be disfranchised in the
State of Arkansas ; a majority of forty thou-
sand at least of the electors of Ohio (for so
they voted last fall) would be disfranchised in
the State of Arkansas; a majority of nearly
twenty or thirty thousand in the State of Michi-
gan, if they should emigrate to Arkansas, could
not take that test-oath; a large majority of the
electors of the State of New Jersey, if they
should emigrate to Arkansas, could not take
that, oath and vote at all.
So, Mr. President, in relation to all the States
where this question has been submitted to the
free vote of the people within the last four, five,
or ten years. Connecticut, Michigan, Wis-
consin, Ohio, New York, Minnesota, and the
State of Illinois, which, when they had the last
vote on that subject, voted by one buudied
thousand majority even to exclude from the
State colored persons.
I am not discussing the question whether it
is wright or wrong for men to believe or to dis-
believe in the political equality of all men with-
out reference to race or color ; but I know that
a majority, and a large majority, of the white
men in the States ot Pennsylvania, New York,
Ohio, Indiana, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Con-
necticut honestly entertain a different, opinion
from that embodied in this instrument. They
do not believe in the political equality of In-
dians or negroes with white men.
Now, what is done in this constitution of
Arkansas? Suppose these citizens from your
State, my honored friend. [Mr. Shekmax,]
should remove to the State of Arkansas and
go to the polls to vote, what is to be tendered
to them under this constitution? "Sir, you
must swear that you accept the political equality
of all men, and pledge yourself never to un-
dertake to change the lawwhieh, in any respect,
shall deprive any man of a political right on
account of race or color."
Mr. President, if men really believe that the
