290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19;
man from Massachusetts. He knows all about
New Orleans; lie knows all about the requisi-
tions which are made on the military depart-
ment there to suppress the free, honest indig-
nation of a people who are unjustly and
unconstitutionally trampled upon. He has no
doubt his own data. He knows well the
immense amount of public money that was
expended under his own administration as the
i hiit' military governor of that city when he
had the honor to hold the military command
there. Now, it maybe that the gentleman 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] is not in
order in discussing matters entirely foreign to
this bill. This is an appropriation bill and a
special order.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that I am discussing
the items that go to make up the deficiency in
the expenditures of one of the Departments
under the reconstruction measures. I am dis-
cussing the items of expenditure 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York must confine his remarks to the bill.
The Chair will of course permit him to follow
largely his own judgment as to the mode of
conducting his argument; but the Chair trusts
the gentleman will not abuse the privilege thus
accorded him.
Mr. WOOD. Certainly not; I thought I
was strictly in order. We are now discuss-
ing an item of appropriation for reconstruc-
tion in those military districts. One of those
districts comprehends the city of New Orleans,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] went into a detailed statement of how
these items were made up. I was discussing
those items; and in passing I said that on this
subject I deferred to the superior knowledge
of the gentleman; that in view of his expe-
rience in New Orleans we are bound to assume
that he knows better than we can know what
is necessary to be expended in that city.
But, sir, let that pass. I desire to be strictly
in order, and I recur again more particularly
to the bill now before us. In advance of the
annual appropriations, in advance of the reg-
ular appropriations necessary to carry on the
Government, we have already thrust upon us,
at the very threshold of this session, two or
three immense appropriations under the head
of deficiencies. Now, sir, I protest agaiust
this manner of appropriating the public money.
I protest against the practice in Congress, and
especially in this House, of bringing in bills
for the appropriation of immense sums of
money under the pretext that they are for
deficiencies when in fact they are for no such
thing. And I desire to ask the honorable
gentleman from* Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
whether he is willing to rise here in his place
and say that every dollar proposed to be appro-
priated by this bill, the aggregate being nearly
thirteen million dollars, is for the purpose of
meeting deficiencies?
Mr. BUTLER. I am very glad to answer
that question. Every dollar proposed to be
appropriated is for the purpose of meeting
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, to supply deficien-
cies in former appropriations, and to carry on
the Government during that time, so much
more having been found necessary for the pur-
poses of reconstruction.
Mr. WOOD. May I, then, ask the gentle-
man another question ?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Can the gentleman tell us the
aggregate amount altogether appropriated for
the reconstruction of the southern States, to-
fether with the estimated amount required to
nish the work of reconstruction in those States ?
Mr. BUTLER. The amount appropriated
is $1,500,000, of which $1,200,000 has been
spent. What is asked in addition is $657,000,
which is believed to be ample to carry it through.
The amount of the former appropriation on
hand is only $273,000, which would not be
enough to carry on an enterprise like that until
the 30th of June next.
Mr. WOOD. Now, Mr. Chairman, accord-
ing to this statement $2,000,000 will be nepes- j
sary to carry on this work. I desire to attract
the attention of the country to the fact that sim-
ilar statements were made when the original
appropriation of $1,500,000 was called for, that
it was sufficient forthe entire expensesof recon-
struction. Now we are told that $2,000,000 is
enough, whereas, in my opinion, $5,000,000
will be asked for before Congress adjourns.
Yet that enormous amount does not begin to
•meet the expenses growing out of the con-
gressional system of reconstruction.^ In the
first place, a large part of the expenditures are
not provided by the General Government at
all, but are imposed upon the impoverished
people of the South themselves. The expenses
of the constitutional conventions, the contin-
gent expenses, which really constitute, in my
judgment, the largest proportion, are imposed
upon the people of the southern States, who are
not allowed any representation upon this floor.
That, too, sir, besides keeping out of the country
an immense revenue; besides keeping out of
the Union one third of the States ; besides dis-
franchising men as loyal and as intelligent as
any other class of the community and enfran-
chising a class never before entitled to that
right, and all the while the system of recon-
struction adopted by Congress is entailing upon
the tax-payers of the free States the enormous
burden under which we are now staggering.
Is the country prepared for this additional
appropriation of $13,000,000? Shall we turn
asida, as has been done on this occasion, to
consider the question of the negro? The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and
his friends upon every public occasion intro-
duce the negro into the discussions of this
House. If they can stand it we can, but I
say, as Macbeth said to Banquo's ghost,
" Rest, perturbed spirit." The country is tired
of that discussion. It stands affrighted at the
financial condition of our public affairs. The
country requires, to develop our resources, a
fiscal system which will meet the public neces-
sities while reducing the present heavy taxa-
tion. It wants the currency question disposed
of. Mr. Chairman, the country, wants rest;
it wants peace and fraternal concord among
the members of the Union. It wants peace
in order that we may turn our attention to the
great political problems which grow out of the
disastrous war through which we have been
happily carried. We desire these appropria-
tions cut down to the very lowest figure neces-
sary to carry on the Government. We do not
want these great military departments con-
tinued, causing enormous expenditures of
money. We are opposed to standing armies
in time of profound peace. We are in favor,
under any circumstances, of restoring harmony
and prosperity to this great land. Therefore
it is that we are opposed to this kind of appro-
priations. We believe that the necessity for
them does not exist. We want the expenses
of the Government cut down in the military,
naval, and civil Departments. We want to
reduce everything to the lowest standard of
economy that is proper. On the contrary,
it seems to me that this Congress is think-
ing only of acquisitions of immense tracts of
territory and making enormous outlays of
money. Instead of decreasing it seems to be
resolved upon increasing the burdens of the
people.
Mr. Chairman, I have risen for the pur-
pose of calling attention, first, to the wrong
method of appropriating money under the
pretense of deficiencies; and secondly, to the
great cost to the country of the reconstruction
scheme initiated by Congress. And when we
discuss these appropriations we must be con-
fined to these two questions.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of limiting this debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Mayxard reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had the
special order under consideration, being House
bill No. 320, making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the exe-
cution of the reconstruction laws and for the
I service of the quartermaster's department of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18G8, aud for other purposes, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that general debate
on the special order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union terminate in
one minute after the committee shall resume
the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Clause, of Ohio.
DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
1 Mr. BUTLER. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
! the Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union.
I The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
j of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Maynard in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of bill of the House No. 320, mak-
! ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
! appropriations for the execution of the recon-
i struction laws and for the service of the quar-
termaster's department of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G8, and for
other purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I offer the
following amendment to come in after line
eighteen:
And be it further enacted, that in addition to the
taxes required to be levied by the eighth section of
the act of March 23, 1867, supplementary to the act
of March 2,1867, "to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," conventions au-
thorized by said acts for each of said States shall
also provido for the levy and collection of such taxes
on the property in such State and for its payment
into the Treasury of tho United States as will bo
equal to the sums herein appropriated for such State
for the expense of carrying into effect said acts to be
ascertained and apportioned to said States in proper
amounts by tho Secretary of War.
Mr. BUTLER. I am sorry to call the atten-
tion of my friend to the fact that that amend-
ment is not, in my judgment, germane to the
bill, and is not in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me to explain it a little 1 think
he will be satisfied that it is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is inde-
pendent legislation on an appropriation bill,
and 1 hope my friend from Ohio, who is a good
economist, will not set the example of break-
ing into appropriation bills in this way with
matters of general legislation. I hope he will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is an ex-
ample in favor of economy. It provides sim-
ply that the Treasury of the United States shall
be reimbursed by a tax upon the rebel States
for the moneys which this bill proposes to
appropriate for their benefit, and which have
heretofore been appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
one hundred and twentieth rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows :
"120. No appropriation shall be reported in such
general appropriation bills, or be in order as an
amendment thereto, for any expenditure not pre-
viously authorized by law, unless in continuation of
appropriations for such public works and objects as
are already in progress, and forthe contingencies for
carrying on the several departments of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think I can
satisfy the Chairman that the rule which has
been read has no application to this proposi-
tion, and if I can have a moment to explain it
I think there will be 110 difficulty about it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the rules require that all these questions of
order shall be decided without debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to decide the amendment out of order.
