2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
mass of Indians are not qualified to vote ; if
men really believe that the great majority of
the negro race as they now are in the States
of the South are utterly unfit to exercise prop-
erly the elective franchise, will you make them
take an oath that they will crush out their own
belief and surrender their own conscientious
convictions, and as the price for which they will
give up their belief and surrender their con-
scientious convictions they may vote ; other-
wise they cannot vote at all.
Mr. President, whatever men may say or
think, I believe that the constitution of any
State which contains any such test-oath is anti-
Christian, anti-republican, and utterly opposed
to the civil liberty of mankind. You might
just as well say that a State can adopt a con-
stitution requiring a man to believe in any reli-
gious dogma as to say that he shall believe and
accept as true a political dogma.
It is not my purpose to dwell at length on
this point. 1 shall proceed to the considera-
tion of another question which arises upon the
bill as it now is before the Senate. I refer to
the "fundamental condition" in the bill as it
comes from the House of Representatives.
The honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmuxds] claims that Congress has the right
to impose this fundamental condition under
the power to admit new States into the Union.
Mr. President, in passing this bill in relation
to the representation of the State of Arkansas
we are not admitting a new State into the Union.
The State of Arkansas, as a State, has never
yet been out of* the Union. It is an old State ;
it has been in the Union for thirty years ; but
even if you were to apply it to the admission
of a new State into the Union no such power is
implied as that you can impose a condition
which will bind the people in all coming time
not to change their constitution on the subject
of suffrage.
It is claimed by some that this power is to
be derived from the clause in the Constitution
which authorized the United States to guar-
anty to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment. I utterly deny that any such power
can be derived from that clause of the Consti-
tution. Sir, what is a republican form of gov-
ernment? It is a system of self-government
where the people govern themselves; and
unless a State lias the power for itself to decide
who among its number shall exercise the right
of suffrage it ceases to be a republican State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which part of those
numbers is to decide?
Mr. DOOLITt'Lli. The State will decide
for itself; not Congress for the State, nor one
State for another.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to this point
I do not intend to speak at length, and I
should prefer to go on with what i may have
to say without getting into a dialogue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I maintain that it is of
the essence of a republican State government
that, the State shall have the power for itself
to fix the qualifications of its own electors.
Take, for instance, the State of Connecticut;
it the State ol Massachusetts has power to
fix !he qualifications of electors in the State
of Connecticut, Connecticut ceases to be a re-
publican State at all. Massachusetts governs
Connecticut it Massachusetts can fix and define
ami qualify the persons who are to exercise
political power in the State of Connecticut.
11. ceases to be a self-governing State, it ceases
to be republican, the moment you take from it
the power to determine for itself who shall ex
ercise the right of suffrage. I hold, therefore,
Mr. President, that it is of the essence of a
republican form of State government that the
State shall have the power for itself to fix the
qualification of its voters, and that, if it loses
that power or parts with that power, it parts
with the very foundation of a republican system.
Again, Mr. President, a good deal lias been
said upon the clause contained in most of the
bills for the admission of States, thai they are
to be admitted upon an equal footing with all
the other States. There is no significance par-
ticularly in those words in my mind, because
the Constitution of the United States, which
becomes at once the supreme law of that State,
as it is of every other State, applies equally to
one State as it does to another State ; its pow-
ers over one State are precisely what they are
over auother; and the powers of one State
under the Constitution are precisely the pow-
ers which are held by another. Could the
Constitution be construed differently if a court
were sitting in Virginia from what it would be
if they were sitting in Ohio ? If a court were
sitting in Arkansas as a State under the Con-
stitution of the United States, could that Con-
stitution be construed differently in Arkansas
from what it was in Missouri ? Missouri and
Arkansas are connected in the same circuit,
Mr. Justice Miller holding the circuit court.
Is it possible that when Mr. Justice Miller,
after holding the circuit court of the United
States for Missouri, shall pass into Arkansas
and open the circuit court for Arkansas, he can
in one State give a different construction to
the Constitution from what he must give it in
another? Certainly not. Its language is pre-
cisely the same whereverthe volume is opened,
and when you open the Constitution and read
it you find that it declares in substance that
each State has the right for itself to fix the
qualifications for its own electors.
In the first place, before the Federal Consti-
tution was formed, all concede that each State
had that power. Since the Constitution was
formed, every State has exercised that power
from the beginning down to the present time;
and if you look into the Constitution there are
words which expressly recognize this power in
the States :
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualitications requisite lor electors of
tho mostnumerous branch of the State Legislature."
And there is the clause of the Constitution
which declares that all powers not delegated
to the United States, or necessarily implied iu
the delegated powers, and not prohibited to
the States, are reserved to the States respect-
ively or to the people. Among these reserved
rights clearly is the right of each State for
itself to fix the qualifications of its electors,
as certainly, in my judgment, as that the State
has any right at all. Such has been the uni-
form doctrine and the uniform practice of the
Government from tho beginning down to the
present time ; and therefore, under the Consti-
tution as it stands, any provision inserted in
any bill which declares that any State shall
not have this power to fix the qualifications
of its electors, is utterly void, inconsistent with
the Constitution, in diiect conflict with the pro-
visions of the Constitution.
And, Mr. President, what is more, it seems
to me that those gentlemen who are contend-
ing so earnestly for the adoption of tho four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States forget its very terms. That very
fourteenth amendment, which gentlemen insist
upon as the basis of reconstruction, which in
your bill you require the State to vote for the
adoption of as a condition-precedent to its
readmission into the Union, itself recognizes
the fact, and it gives, if it was not given before
by the Constitution of the United States, the
right to each State for itself to fix the qualifica-
tions of its electors. The second section of
that, constitutional amendment contains these
words:
"Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective num-
beis, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote at any election for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Vice President of the United
States, Representatives m Congress, the executive
and judicial officers of a State, or the members of tho
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
inhabitants of Mich State, beinc twenty-one years of
age and citizens of the United Star.es, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation thereinshall
be reduced in the proportion which tho number of
such male citizens shail bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State."
The constitutional amendment thus expressly
recognizes in, if it does not confer on, the
States the power to disqualify persons from
exercising the right of suffrage on account of
race or color, or any other reason they choose.
The only faculty which it attaches to a State
doing so is that it shall be reduced'proportion-
ally m its representation. And now for gen-
tlemen to come in here with a bill which on
the very face of it insists first, that the State
shall adopt the constitutional amendment which
rccognizes the right of the State to fix for itself
the qualification of voters, and then contains
in the same bill a fundamental provision that
the State shall never exercise the right which
your constitutional amendment gives, is a mon-
strous piece of absurdity!
Mr. President, it seems to me utterly unac-
countable that men, looking at the two_ provis-
ions in the same bill standing side by side, can
tolerate for au instant the idea of imposing, as
a fundamental condition, that the State shall
never exercise the very power which you give
it, if it did not have it before in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, by this second clause
of the fourteenth article of amendment. It
does recognize it as existing, just as the old
Constitution recognized it as a right existing
in the States, inherent in the States ; and I
contend that it is essential to the republican
form of government of a State that it shall
have the power to fix the qualification of its
voters ; otherwise its j>olitical power does not
belong to itself and to its own people. If a
people cannot determine who among them-
selves shall exercise the political power of their
State, they are not an independent, republican,
self-governing State, but are dependent upon
some outside power or outside government,
and whether that government is another State
or the Congress of the United States makes no
difference.
Mr. President, a good deal has been said
about the celebrated Missouri case; and be-
cause Congress upon the admission of that
State, inserted what is called a fundamental
condition, therefore it is said to have a right
to insert this fundamental condition. I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to the funda-
mental condition which was inserted in the
Missouri bill. It was this:
That tho fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section
of the third article of the constitution submitted on
the part of said State to Congress, shall never be con-
strued to authorize the passage of any law, and that
no law shall be passed in eon tormity thereto, by which
any citizen of either of the States in this Union shall
bo excluded from the enjoyment of any of the privi-
leges and immunities to which such citizen is entitled
under the Constitution of the United States.
This was not imposing upon the State a
fundamental condition in violation of the Con-
stitution ; it was imposing on them, as a funda-
mental condition, that they should conform to
the Constitution ; that they should not, by their
legislation under this clause of their pretended
State constitution, violate the Constitution of
the United States. That was the condition ;
it was a very different affair from this. Con-
gress has the power to see to it thai no person
violates the Constitution of the United btates,
! but it has no power to go outside of the Con-
stitution and compel anybody to enter into a
compact which is in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That is the difference.
Congress may compel obedience; Congress
cannot compel a violation. That is the differ-
ence, So in this case in Arkansas; it is possi-
ble that Congiess may insert a condition which
should declare that this clause iu this consti-
tution which I have lead, which applies a test
oath ill violation of the Constitution of the
|i United States, should be annulled. It is possi-
| bie Congress would have that power, following
I the precedent of the Missouri case ; but that
I is a different thing from what is here proposed.
| It is one thing to compel these States coming
j in to obey ; another thing, and a very different
; thing, to compel them to disobey the Constitu-
| tion of the United States.
i Mr. President, I have not entered at all into
