1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
cer in a ease in which he had a direct interest,
was absolutely void upon general principles ;
net void because of any statutory regulation on
this subject, but void upon the_ general ground
that no man shall be a judge in his own case.
Does it make any difference what may be the
character of the interest? If the honorable
member from Ohio was the sole party under
the Constitution to try this impeachment, could
he try it? Would not everybody say it is a
casus omissus ? There can be no trial as long
as he continues to be the sole member of the
court, because he has a direct and immediate
interest in the result; because the judgment
would be absolutely void as against the general
principle founded in the nature of man, that 110
man should be permitted to adjude a question
in which he has a direct interest.
I propose to say nothing more. I will sus-
pend the motion I before made, and move now
that the question of right of the honorable
member from Ohio be laid aside until the other
members of the Senate are qualified.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly do not appear here to represent my col-
league on this question; but 1 represent the
State of Ohio, which is entitled to two Sena-
tors on this floor. The Constitution declares
that each Senator shall have a vote, and the
Constitution further declares that each Sena-
tor shall take an oath in cases of impeach-
ment. The right of my colleague to take the
oath, his duty to take it, is as clear in my mind
as any question that ever was presented to me
as a Senator of the United States. The Con-
stitution makes it plainly his duty to take the
oath. He is a Senator, bound to take the oath,
according to my reading of the Constitution ;
and every precedent that has been cited, and
every precedent that has bi -jn referred to,
bears out this construction. If after he has
taken the oath as a member of the Senate of
the United States, for the purposes of thia
trial, anybody objects to his right to vote on
any question that may be presented to this
couit or to the Senate hereafter, the objectisn
can then be made and discussed; but his right
in the preliminary stages to take the oath, and
hid duty to take it, is made plain by the Consti-
tution itself. If, hereafter, when the impeach-
ment progresses, his right to vote on any
question is challenged the question may be
discussed and decided.
The case cited by my honorable friend from
Marylaud is directly in point. Mr. Stockton
came hero with a certificate from the State of
New Jersey in due form; he presented it, and
was sworn into oflice. Did anybody object to
his being sworn? At the same time other
papers were presented to the Senate challeng-
ing his right to be sworn, saying that the Legis-
lature of New Jersey had never elected Mr.
Stockton; but because of that did anybody
object to the oath being administered to Mr.
Stocktoii? No one; although his right to take
the oath was challenged, and a protest, signed
by a very large number of the members of the
New Jersey Legislature against his right to the
seat, was presented. He was sworn in and
took his seat here by our side, and voted and
exercised the rights of a Senator. When the
question of the legality of his own election
came up the Senate decided that he was not
legally elected, and the question referred to
arose upon his right to vote in that particular
case. The question was whether he could vote,
being interested in the subject-matter. The
Senator from Massachusetts made the objec-
tion, and offered a resolution that he had not a
right to vote in the particular case; and after
debate that was decided in the affirmative,
although by a very close vote. My own con-
viction then was, and is yet, that Mr. Stockton
as a Senator from the State of New Jersey
had a right to vote in his own case, although
it might not be a proper exercise of the right.
So, sir, this question has been decided two
or three times in the House of Representatives. :
In the celebrated New Jersey case, where a j
certificate of election was presented by certain !
members from the State of New Jersey and i
they were excluded, public history has pro-
nounced their exclusion to have been an un-
justifiable wrong upon the great seal of the
State of New Jersey. I believe that action is
now generally admitted and conceded to have
been wrong. Those men presented their'cre-
dentials in the regular form, and they had the
right to be sworn. So in many other cases
where the right of persons to hold office is in
dispute, those who have the prima facie right
are sworn into office, and then the right is ex-
amined and finally settled. I had a matter
presented to me once in which I was personally
interested, and where I was sworn into office.
I was directly and personally interested; but I
took the oath of otfice, and I discharged my
duties as a memker of the House of Represent-
atives ; and when the question came up whether
I should vote on the election of a particular
officer, I being a candidate for the office, I re-
fused to vote. But it was my refusal which
prevented my vote from being received. If I
had chosen to vote, I had the right as a mem-
ber from the State of Ohio, even for myself.
I have no doubt whatever of that. It is the
right, of the State ; it is the right of the people;
it is the right of representation. The power
of the State and the power of the people must
be exercised through their Senators and through
their Representatives.
In the particular case here I do not sup-
pose, I do not know at least, whether the ques-
tion will ever arise. My colleague is required
to take this oath as a member of the Senate
of the United States. Yon have 110 right to
assume, nor have Senators the right to assume,
that, he will vote on questions which may affect
his interest. That is a matter for him to decide;
but the right of the Stale to be represented
here on this trial of an impeachment is clear
enough. Whether lie will exercise the right,
or whether he will waive it, is for him to
determine. You have no right to assume that
he will exercise the right or power to vote for
himself where he is directly interested in the
result.
It seems to me therefore that 110 Senator here
has a right to challenge the voice of the State
of Ohio, and the right of the State of Ohio to
have two votes here is unquestionable unless
when the question is raised in due form it shall
be decided against my colleague. In the pre-
liminary stages, when we are organizing this
court, he ought to be sworn, and then if he is to
be excluded by interest, unfitness, or any other
reason, the question may lie determined when
raised hereafter; but 110 Senator has the right
now to challenge his authority to appear here
and bo sworn as a Senator of the State of Ohio.
His exclusion mustcome cither by his ownvol-
antary act, proceeding on what he deems to be
just and right according to general principles,
or it must be by the act of the Senate upon an
objection made by the person accused in the
trial of the impeachment. It seems to me that
is clear, and therefore I object to any waiver
of the matter. I think my colleague has a right
to present himself and be sworn precisely as I
and other Senators have been sworn. Then
let him decide for himself whether, in a case in
which his interest is so deeply affected, ho will
vote 011 any question involved in the impeach-
ment. If he decides to vote, when his vote is
Eresented, then, not the Senator from Indiana,
ut the accused may make the objection, and
we shall decide the question as a Senate or as
a court, for I consider the terms convertible;
we shall then decide the question of his right
to vote.
Sir, several things have been introduced into
this debate that 1 think ought not to have been
introduced. The precise character of this tribu-
nal, whether it is a court or a Senate, has noth-
ing to do at present with this question. The
only question before us is whether Benvamix
F. Wade, acknowledged to be a Senator from
the State of Ohio, has a right to present him-
self and take the oath prescribed by the Con-
stitution and the laws in cases of impeach-
ment. He is not the Vice President; he is
not excluded by the terms of the Constitution.
He is the Presiding Officer of the Senate, hold-
ing that office at our will. Yau have no right
to take away from him the power to take the
oath of office and that to decide for himself as
to whether, under all the circumstances, he
ought to participate in this trial.
Mr. BAYAItD. Mr. President, I incline to
the opinion that the objection made by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine [Mr. Mokkiu.] to
the motion of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hendricks,] and also that made by
the honorable Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] is correct. I cannot see how a Senator
is to object to another Senator being sworn in,
although I think there may be some doubt
raised on the question for this reason: the
Constitution provides that in a case where the
President of the United States is tried under an
impeachment the Chief Justice of the United
States, not the Vice President, shall preside;
and though thatwas intended originally to look
to the Vice President alone, yet if another
person, from the death of the Vice President,
or from his absence or his acting as President,
stands in precisely the same relation to the
office of President under the law and the Con-
stitution, whether he bea Senator or not, ought
not the principle equally to apply 1
It certainly excludes the Vice President from
being a member of the court. Does it not
equally exclude the Presiding Officer of the
Senate? It does not make him, being a Sen-
ator, less a Senator of the United States in his
legislative capacity ; butthe clauseof the Con-
stitution prevents and is intended to prevent
the influence of the man who would profit as
the necessary result of the judgment of guilty
in the case. It supposes that he cannot be or
may not be sufficiently impartial to sit as a
judge in that case or to preside in the court
trying it. That is the object, as I suppose.
But, sir, there is great force in the objection
that that point must eome by plea or motion,
if you please, from the party accused; and I
should not have thought for a moment of era-
barking in this discussion had it not been for
the renewal by the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] of the endeavor to dis-
prove the idea that the Senate must be organ-
ized into a court for the purpose of a judicial
trial. Now, sir, whether it is to be a high
court of impeachment or a court of impeach-
ment, or to be called by the technical name
court, is, in my judgment, immaterial; but
the honorable Senator's argument did not
touch the Constitution. The Senate is to con-
stitute the court; the Senate is to try. Is there
nothing in the provisions of that article which
gives the judicial authority—for it is not legis-
lative, it is judicial authority conferred, a
judicial authority in special cases—is there
nothing in that article which, of necessity,
makes the body a judicial tribunal whenever
it assumes these functions, and not a legisla-
tive body? Otherwise, how comes the pre-
siding officer who now fills the chair to be in
the seat which he occupies? When the Con-
stitution says that the Senate shall have the
solo authority to try impeachments is it neces-
sary that it should say that the Senate shall be
a court for the purpose of trying impeach-
ments if every clause of the Constitution shows
that it mast be a judicial tribunal and must be
a court, or else the language is meaningless
which is applied to its organization? The
members of the body are to be sworn specially
in the particular case as between the accused
and the impeachers. Is not that the action
of a couit? They are to try an individual m
a criminal prosecution. Is not that judicial
action? Is not the entire judicial power of
the U"nited States vested in the Supreme Court
and the inferior courts, with that exception, by
the very terms of the Constitution ?
But, further, the body is to give judgment,
to prouounce judgment, a judgment of removal
from office always as the result of conviction ;
and if they please to carry it still further, they
may pronounce judgment of disqualification
from hereafter holding any oflice. Do not
these terms of necessity constitute a court?
