1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I find the
following clause in the bill:
And the total amount appropriated by this bill is
Jl-.tV'T.M1.
1 <lo not think it proper that that should be
in the hill. 1 believe there is a ru4e of the
House that in the case of all appropriation
hills reported to the House there shall be a
statement of the amount appropriated in the
h'.lU but I believe it is not required to be in
this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think it would be good
policy to have it in. It can do no harm.
Mr. .BUTLER. I will only say that upon
inquiry I was informed that it was the correet
practice to have it in the bill.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the practice is different. When the
bill is reported to the House this is to be in.
but it is not intended to go with the law. The
rule requires that such a clause should be re-
ported to the House in order that members
may know, in coming from the committee, the
full amount reported in the bill.
Mr. BANKS. It is to be in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, in
the bill; but it is not necessarilj to be retained
in the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the motion that the committee now rise and
report this bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Mayxard reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to order, had had the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House No. 820, being
a bill making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the execution
of the reconstruction law and for the service
of the quartermaster's department of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes, and had directed
him to report the same to the House without
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the point settled which I referred
to in the Committee of the Whole in relation to
the last clause of this bill, stating the aggregate
amount of the appropriations proposed by it.
The rule was passed when I was not here, and
I do not know what the practice has been. I
suppose the object of the-rule was to show the
amount of appropriations in the bill, not that
such a clause should be made a provision of
the law. Certainly there is no use of such a
provision in the law, though it may be a
very good provision to give information to the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk wiil read the
provision from page 17 of the Digest. ' j
The Clerk read as follows: j
"In all oases where appropriations cannot be made 1
specific in amount themaximnm to be expended shall
be stated; and each appropriation bill, when reported !
from the committee, shall in the concluding clause [
etate the sum total of all the items contained tho bill."
Ihe SPEAKER. The rule provides that
when an appropriation bill is reported from
the committee it shall include a clause setting
forth the aggregate amount contained' in the
bill. But it does not say anything about alter-
ing the bill by way of amendment either in
Committee of the Whole or in the House.
Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Any one
can see upon a moment's reflection what the
retaining of such a clause in the bill will lead
to. It must be continually changed as the
House or the Senate make amendments ehang-
ing the amount. It seems to me it was never j
contemplated that this particular provision
should be retained in the bill after it becomes
a law. |
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to
strike it out. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move to amend the bill by striking out the last
clause, as follows :
And the total amount appropriated by this bill is
112.667,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I now move the previous
question upon the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tho third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
, The question was then taken : and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 07, nays 3.r>,
■ not voting 56; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
wold, Harding, Hawkins, lligby. Hooper, Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Judd, Julian. Kellcy, Ketcham, Koontz,
Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch,Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mercur, Moore,Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth,Paine, Perham, Peter?, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sehenck, Selyc,
Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Siokes, Taylor. Thomas, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu I!. Washburno,
Henry 1>. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Wel-
ker. William Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Eldridge. Fox, Gets,
Glossbrenner. Golladay. Grover, Ilolman, Ilotchkiss,
Richard D. Hubbard, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCormick. McCullough, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Tabcr, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey. Barnum, Benton,
Blaine, Blair. Boutwell, Buckland, Chanler, Reader
\\ . Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cornell, Covode, Dodge,
E?gleston, Ela, Ferry, Fields. Finney, Gravely,
Haigbt, Ilalsey, Hamilton, Hill, Humphrey, Hunter,
j Jenckes, Kelsey,Kitchen. George V. Lawrence,Lin-
I coin, Miller, Morrisscy, Mullms, Newcomb, Nichol-
i son, Nunn, Phelps, Pike, Pilo, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabnrger, SitsreavesSpalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twit-hell, Van Wvek. Thomas Williams, Jauies F.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—56.
So the bill was passed.
message from tiik president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was presented by Mr. Robert
Johnson, his Private Secretary.
order of business to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to
present a privileged report.
Mr. DAWES. I claim the floor on a ques- j
tion of privilege—a report from the Committee
of Elections.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege
takes precedence of a privileged question;
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is entitled to the floor. - !
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yields to me a moment that I may
make a proposition in regard to business to-
morrow. I observe that the number of members
in attendance is already very much reduced;
and I propose that it be agreed by unanimous
consent that no business of any kind be done
to-morrow—that the session shall be for debate
only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to make a statement upon the point suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
The deficiency bill, which has been passed in
this House and is now under consideration in
the Senate, ought to pass both Houses before
the recess. That bill is expected to be returned
here this evening; and I hope that it will come
back, so that we can consider any amendments j
which may be made by the Senate. When that [
measure shall have been disposed of I trust ;
there will be no objection to the gentleman's
proposition. But if that bill should not be ;
returned in season to be acted on this evening
then I think it ought to be acted on to-morrow, j
Mr. SCHENCK. My reason for making i
this proposition is that so few members are
, now in attendance, and to my certain knowl-
' edge a great many have made arrangements to
go by the four-thirty train and others later in
the evening; so that to-morrow there will be
; still fewer members here, perhaps scarcely a
quorum. And if any material amendments to
the deficiency bill or any other subjects of
importance are to be considered I do not know
that it would be advisable to consider them
| to-morrow with so sparse an attendance of
] members.
; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
j to the gentleman that lie had better withdraw
j the proposition for tho present. The deficiency
j bill may be returned this afternoon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. I withdraw
the proposition for the present with the under-
| standing that I shall renew it before the ad-
journment to-day.
! new mexico contested election.
Mr. DA"W ES. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
of Elections, who were instructed this morning
to inquire and report to the House which of
the two claimants to the seat as Delegate from
the Territory of New Mexico has the prima
facie evidence of right to the seat, have in-
structed me to report that Mr. Clever presents
a certificate in the ordinary form—in precisely
the same form heretofore adopted in certificates
from the Territory of New Mexico—signed by
the Governor and attested by the secretary,
with the seal of the Territory, setting forth that
he was duly elected. Its language is:
"This eertifios that under the organic act and laws
of the Territory of New Mexico there was lield a
general election on the 2d day of September, A. D.
1867, the same being the first Monday of said month
within the Territory of New Mexico, for Delegate tc
the Fortieth Congress ot tho United States, and that
at said election Charles P. Clever received a majority
of the votes cast for said office."
Mr. Chaves presents a statement by the
secretary of the Territory, setting forth thai
it is true Mr. Clever had such a majority of tin
| votes returned, but that in his opinion some of
! those votes are fraudulent votes, and that
therefore, in his opinion, Mr. Clever ought not
j to have the seat, but that it ought to be awarded
to Mr. Chaves. The secretary claims that
under the territorial law he, and he alone, lias
the right to give the certificate ; that the Gov-
ernor has no such right. This difference with
regard to the question of law grows ont of the
state of the legislation on this subject. The
organic law provides for the mode and mannei
of holding the first election, and then provide;
that the time, place, and manner of electinp
the Delegate to Congress maybe prescribed by
the law of the Territory. It then goes on to
say that the Governor shall count up the votef
for Delegate and shall give a certificate accord-
ingly. This is the organic law, which is the
paramount law. Tho territorial law passed
at the next session thereafter prescribes thai
the votes shall be returned to the secretary
and counted by him, and that he should give
the certificate. This, if it is in conflict at all
with the organic law, must, in the opinion of
the committee, yield to the organic law. And
the committee were further of the opinion that .
the statement made by the secretary of the
Territory that Mr. Clever had a majority of
the votes returned was as far under any cir-
cumstances as he was authorized to go in giving
a certificate; that having done that, lie had dis-
charged the power under the territorial laws
which he was authorized to dischage. But he
went further and stated that some of these
were not good votes, which this House alone
on the merits could say. And therefore,
whether you take the certificate of the Gov-
ernor or the statement of the secretary, you
come to the same conclusion, that of the votes
returned the majority was for Mr. Clever.
Whether what is subsequently stated by the
secretary is true, that some of these votes were
fraudulent, depends on the contest on the
merits of the case.
The committee understanding they were to
report on the prima facie case, without preju-
dice to the merits, have directed me to report
