1G76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcfr 5,
Did the Constitution mean, taking all its lan-
guage, that the Senate in its legislative capa-
city, or as a Senate of the United States with-
out any change whatever, should participate
in the judicial power of the G-overninent; or
did it mean to give judicial power? And if
it gave judicial power, and prescribed the mode
of its exercise in such a manner that it neces-
sarily converted it into a court, why should it
not b& called a court?
But, sir, the precedents are conclusive. I
cited the case of Blount on a former occasion
in the Senate. He was impeached in 1798,
nine years after the Constitution went into
operation. Many of the members of the Sen-
ate at that time had been members of the Con-
vention which formed the Constitution, and all
of them were conversant with its history and
meaning. It was the first case of impeach-
ment, and yet in that case there is conclusive
evidence that no one interposed the idea that
the _ body was not organized into a court, a
judicial tribunal, and accordingly the defend-
ant appeared—he had been expelled by the
Senate under their other powers—and he
pleaded to the articles of impeachment, and
the case was argued at length on both sides,
and the Senate determined to dismiss the arti-
cles, and in announcing their decision to the
House of Representatives the Presiding Officer
of the Senate said in terms " the court after
consideration have adjudged" or ''determ-
ined"—I forget the exact language; but it
spoke of the court. This was the communi-
cation of the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate in the presence of the Senate, to the
managers of the impeachment, that the court
had determined to dismiss the articles, and the
defendant was discharged. Is the precedent
of no worth? Docs the honorable Senator
from Indiana say that the men of that day,
the Hillhouses and Tracys, and other men
who then constituted the Senate, did not
understand the language in which the Consti-
tution was adopted as well as we do now?
They were able lawyers. The case was one
perfectly free from the bias of political excite-
ment of every kind. And from that day to
this, until this idea is now suggested that you
arc to try as a Senate, and not as a judicial
tribunal, the President of the United States
on an impeachment for high crimes, no one
has over doubted that the Senate must be
resolved into a court for the purpose of per-
forming such functions.
' Sir, it is against this, which I consider a
heresy, that I desire to protest. For my own
part I cannot conceive on what ground such
an idea should be thrown into this case, or
what effect it can have, unless it be to let loose
partisan passion by escaping from judicial re-
sponsibility. No one doubts that the court is
to be composed of the Senate of the United
States. Why it should not be called a court,
in the face of the precedents, the face of the
provisions of the Constitution, all of which
confer on it judicial power and the modes of
action which belong to a court, is to me in-
scrutable.
The question is collateral, I admit,-because
I think this is not the time to object to the
honorable Senator from Ohio being sworn in.
My mind is somewhat in doubt; but my opinion
inclines that way, that the objection must come
from the party arraigned, unless, indeed, the
honorable Senator, looking to the particular
circumstances of the case, should ask to be
excused from being sworn. That is a question
which it is not for me to decide ; but it is for
him to decide to that extent, I admit. But,
sir, I cannot admit the doctrine I have heard
enunciated here, that the great, eternal prin-
ciple, that no man shall be a judge in his own
cause, does not apply to this case whenever the
question is properly raised. What is the state
of facts? The Senate of the United States is
constituted into a judicial tribunal: that can-
not be denied. They have the powers not only
of judges, but of jurors ; and if there be one
principle more sacred than another it is as to
the juror, who finds facts that he must be
oinni e£ceptione major. The great, general
principle that a man shall not be a judge in
own cause applies everywhere, and commends
itself to the universal sentiment of mankind.
Now, what is the case here? The Senate
are the judges of the facts, as well as of the
law, when organized into a court for the trial
of an impeachment. If the case was pre-
sented of the trial of the most ordinary misde-
meanor in a court of justice by an unquestion-
ably qualified'juror in all other respects, if it
was shown that that juror had a direct interest
in the conviction or the acquittal of the de-
fendant, would it not be a sufficient objection ?
Can there be any doubt about the directness
of the interest here? Your judgment, if the
accused is convicted, must be removal from
office. It must go that far. The effect, then,
of a judgment rendered by this court, were it
rendered by the aid of the honorable Senator
from Ohio sitting as a judge, would be to ele-
vate him to the position of the executive head
of this great nation. Is not that an interest?
It is the necessary result of such a judgment
when it is rendered that he has a right to the
office, and is entitled to the office. Whether
he choose to relinquish it or not would not
alter the case. The interest is direct; and if
there ever was a case in which the principle
that a man shall not be a judge in his own
cause applied it surely must apply to the case
where the members of the tribunal which is
organized are judges, not only of the law, but
also of the facts. Human-nature is not to be
trusted that far ; that is the foundation of the
principle, and no man who knows his own
heart, no man who knows how delusive and
how deceptive are the illusions of humanity,
could for a moment tolerate any other prin-
ciple. It has universally obtained as a great
general truth.
I trust, sir, that whenever the case comes
properly before us there can be no question
as to what must he the decision of the Senate.
As I said before, I hope, however, that we shall
be relieved from the necessity of any decision
in a case like this, as we can be relieved by
the action of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
He must, of course, decide that question for
himself in the first instance; but, for my own
part, I can only say that if I stood in the same
position the wealth of worlds could not tempt
me for an instant to think of sitting as a judge
in a case where my interests were so directly
personally involved.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I shall not
attempt to follow learned Senators in the ques-
tion whether this is a Senate or a court. That
question, to my mind, is simply one of lan-
guage and not of substance. Our powers at
this moment are under the Constitution of the
United States; nor can we add to them a tittle
by calling ourselves a court or calling our-
selves a Senate. There they are in the Con-
stitution. Search its text and you will find
them. The Constitution has not given us a
name, but it has given us powers ; and those
we are now to exercise. The Senate has the
sole power to try impeachments. No matter
for the name, sir. I hope that I do not use
an illustration too familiar when I remind you
that a rose under any other name has all those
qualities which make it the lirst of flowers.
I should not at this time have entered into
this discussion if I had not listened to objec-
tions on the other side which seem to me
founded, I will not say in error, for that would
be bold when we are discussing a question of
so much novelty, but I will say founded in a
reading of history which I have not been able
to verify. Senator after Senator oil the other
side, all distinguished by ability and learning,
have informed us that the Constitution in-
tended to prevent a person who might become
President from presiding at the trial of the
President. I would ask learned Senators who
have announced this proposition where they
find it in the Constitution? The Constitution
says:
"When the President of tho United States is tried
the Chief J ustice shall preside."
This is all; and yet on this simple text the
superstructure of Senators has been reared.
The Constitution does not proceed to say
why the Chief Justice shall preside; not at all;
nothing of the kind. Senators supply the
reason and then undertake to apply it to the
actual President of the Senate. Where, sir,
do they find the reason? They cannot'find
the reason which they now assign in any of
the contemporary authorities illustrating the
Constitution. They cannot find it in the de-
bates of the national Convention reported by
Madison, or in any of the debates in the States
at that time, nor can they find it in the Fed-
eralist. When does that reason first come on
the scene? Others may be more fortunate
than I, but I have not been able to find it
earlier than 1825, nearly forty years after the
formation ofthe Constitution, in the Comment-
aries of William Rawle. We all know the
character of this work, one of great respect-
ability, and which most of us in our early days
have read and studied. How does he speak
of it? As follows:
"The Vice President, being the President of the
Senate, presides on the trial, except when the Presi-
dent of the United States is tried. As the Vice
President succeeds to the functions and emoluments
of the President of the United States whenever a
vacancy happens in the latter office, it would be in-
consistent with the implied purity of a judge that a
person under a probable bias of such anature should
participate in the trial, and it would follow that ho
ought wholly to retire from the court."
Those are the words of a commentator on
the Constitution. They next appear ten years
later in the Commentaries of Mr. Justice Story,
as follows. After citing the provision "when
the President of the United States is tried the
Chief Justice shall preside," the learned
commentator proceeds:
" Tho reason of this clause has been already ad-
verted to. It was to preclude the Vice President,
who might be supposed to have a natural desire to
succccd to the office, from being instrumental in pro-
curing the conviction of the Chief Magistrate."
And he cites in his note "Rawle on the
Constitution, page 21G," being the very words
that I have already read. Here is the first
appearance of this reason which is now made
to play so important a part, being treated even
as a text of the Constitution itself. At least I
have not been able to meet it at an earlier day.
If you repair to the contemporary author-
ities, including the original debates, you will
find no such reason assigned; nothing like it;
not even any suggestion of it. On the con-
trary, you will find Mr. Madison, in the Vir-
ginia convention, making a statement which
explains in the most satisfactory manner the
requirement of the Constitution. No better
authority could be cited. Any reason supplied
by him anterior to the adoption of the Con-
stitution must be of more weight than any ex
post facto imagination or invention of learned
commentators.
If we trust to the lights of history ^he rea-
son for the introduction of this clause in the
Constitution was because the framers of the
Constitution contemplated the possibility ofthe
suspension of the President from the cxcrcise
of his powers, in which event the Vice Presi-
dent could not be in your chair, sir. If the Presi-
dent were suspended the Vice President would
be in his place. The reports will verify what
I say. If you refer to the debates of the na-
tional Convention under the date of Friday,
September 14, 1787, you will find the following
entry, which I read now by way of introduction
to what follows at a later date, on the authority
of Mr. Madison himself:
" Mr. Rutlcdge and Mr. G ouverneur Morris movoi
that persons impeached be suspended from their
onices until they be tried and acquitted.
''Air. Madison. The President is made too depend-
ent already on the Legislature by the power of one
branch to try him in consequence of an impeach-
ment oy tho other. This intermediate suspension
will put him in the power of one branch only. They
can at any moment, in order to make way for the
functions of another who will be more favorable to
their views, vote a temporary removal of the exist-
ing Magistrate.
"Mr. King concurred in the opposition to the amend-
ment."
The proposition was rejected by the decisive
vote—eight States in flie negative to three in
