292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
that Mr. Clever lias that prima facie case.
Therefore, sir, I move that Mr. Clever be sworn
in without, prejudice to the merits of the case.
Mr. SCIlENCK. Mr. Speaker, when this
matter was tirst presented by the production
ot' the credentials of Mr. Clever, being aware
that outside facts were brought to the attention
of the House at the same time by the present-
ation of the claim oil the part of Mr. Chaves,
I voted for sending the whole subject to the
Committee of Elections for some inquiry into
the claims relatively of these two gentlemen to
a seat. I did so for I then believed, what I
am more than ever confirmed in, that neither
has a prima facie case; that the certificate of
Mr. C lever, coming from the Governor is wrong,
because the Governor was not authorized to
give any certificate; and that the certificate
held by Mr. Chaves is not allowable, because
he holds a certificate, not of his being entitled
to the seat, but of certain facts from which it
is inferred he is entitled to the seat. The
whole question is, therefore, upon its merits
and cannot be presented to the House in any
other form.
Let us look at the matter a moment and see
whether I am right, maintaining, as I do, that
neither has a prima facie case. By the organic
law it is provided that the Governor shall
superintend the organization of the Territory,
and he is to certify at the first election who has
been elected to the several offices. It is pro-
vided by section fourteen of the law establish-
ing the Territory of New Mexico that a Dele-
gate to the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States may be elected
by the voters qualified to elect members of the
Legislative Assembly, &c.; and then it goes on
to provide that the first election shall be held
at such time and place and be conducted in
such manner as the Governor shall appoint and
direct, butatall subsequent elections the time,
places, and manner of holding elections shall
be prescribed by law; and the person having
the greatest number of votes shall be declared
by the Governor of the Territory to be elected,
and the certificate thereof shall be given accord-
ingly- _ i
Atthe first election the proceedings are to be
held at such time and places and be conducted
in such manner as the Governor shall appoint
and direct; but at all subsequent elections the
time, places, and manner of holding elections
shall be prescribed by law. Then follows the
clause that the person having the greatest
number of votes at any election shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be elected and the
certificate thereof shall be given accordingly.
It is not said by whom that certificate shall be
given. It may be inferred that it shall be
given by the Governor; it would be more than
a matter of inference as a construction of law
if no further subsequent legislation should
modify that act concerning elections that the >
certificate should come from the Governor of
the lerritory. But that did not happen to be
the fact. In the history of this Territory of
New Mexico, at a subsequent period, after that |
Territory had been organized, they passed a j
law regulating this matter of elections ; and in I
the thirty-third section of that act., dated July I
20, 1861, it was emphatically declared that
within thirty days after each general election '
the secretary of the Territory, in the presence
of the Governor, shall proceed to count up the '
number of votes polled in each county of the
Territory for Delegate to Congress and shall
give the person having the highest number of ;
votes the certificate of election, sealed with the '
seal of the Territory. The act organizing this j
1 erritory provided the Governor should declare '
who was elected, but, a8 I have shown, the |
Legislative Assembly at a subsequent date j
passed a law prescribing the time, places, and .
manner of holding elections, and in distinct
terms providing that the certificate shall come i:
not from the Governor but the secretary of the j
Territory. |
How is this to tie met? The chairman of the il
committee, as I understand, falls back upon >i
the organ ic law, aad .claims thatthat is supreme, j I
notwithstanding the enactment of such laws as
this of which 1 speak. Now, I make two an-
swers to that. The first answer is that in the
organic act itself it is provided that, this thing
shall, subsequently to the fiist election, be reg-
ulated by law, meaning necessarily and by cer-
tain intendment a law passed by the territorial
Legislature, for that is the only law that could
possibly be referred to, for there laws on the
subject originate, though Congress retains with
itselfthesupervisingandrepeahngpower. That,
then, removes that objection. 1 he organic act
itself provides that it may be changed by law,
and it has been changed by the territorial
Legislature.
But there is another answer to it. It may be
claimed by some that the provision in rela-
tion to the duty of the Governor which may
afterward be changed by law confines that
change of law only to the times, places, and
manner of holding the election, and does not
include the issuing of the certificate. I hold,
in the first place, that there is no law for the
Governor giving a certificate except by infer-
ence, and I make this further reply, that if
instead of being silent on this subject and say-
ing only that the first election should be super-
intended by the Governor, the organic act had
gone further and said that the Governor should
give the certificate at that first election, it would
still have left the whole question open for
amendment by subsequent action on the part ]
of the Legislature of the Territory. Fori hold ;
\ this to be the principle in regard to our Terri- j
j tories, and the practice as well as the principle 1
1 of our legislation in relation to them. We j
'■ pass what may be considered the organic law
or constitution of the Territory—an enactment
of Congress which creates such Territory; after
the Territories are organized the Legislatures
pass any laws that may seem to them to be
expedient, subject to their being in conformity
to the legislation of Congress and to the Con-
stitution of the United States, Congress always
reserving the right to supervise and repeal, if
! need be, that legislation or any part of it. I
! do not put New Mexico in any different posi-
| tion from any of the rest of the Territories in 'i
that particular.
What, then, follows? Why, that when the
! Legislature of a Territory passes laws not in
j violation of the Constitution of the United
I States—and it would have to be judicially de-
clared, I apprehend, if they were so—not in
! opposition to the legislation of Congress, and
. which are permitted by Congress to remain
; upon their statute-book without repeal, without
revision, without reference to th«m by Con-
gress, they become as much laws as if they had
the direct sanction of Congress superadded by
an act passed by Congress itself.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to know whether Mr.
Chaves in the last Congress did not hold his
seat as Delegate from New Mexico on a cer-
tificate in precisely the same manner as that
now presented by Mr. Clever.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know.
Mr. UPSON. Such, I am informed, is the
fact.
Mr. SCHENCK. And my second reply
is—I do not mean it at all offensively—I do
not care if he did. It was an improper cer-
tificate. The ground I am taking is that the
Governor's certificate is good for nothing, that
nobody but the secretary can give the certifi-
cate, and that the Governor having given a
certificate which he had no right to give, and
the secretary having given a certificate which
is not in form as a proper certificate, neither
of these gentlemen has a prima facie case
made out.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the geotle-
Bian from Massachusetts from resuming the
floor longer than I can help, but this is an
interesting question, and perhaps it might as
well be settled. To sustain the doctrine which
1 have laid down in regard to legislation by the
■territories, I will only refer to a single case
! which has been adjudicated touching that pre-
cise point. It is a ease to be found in 11 Cur-
tis—the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the ease of tiie piesident and
directors of the Miners' Bank of Dubuque, in
the State of lows.
There, the legislation of the Territory being
called in question (I give but the syllabus of
the case, but would read it in full if I hud the
time) the court decided—
" Though l>y the fundamental law of the Territory
its legi?lation is to be subject to tho disapproval of
Congress, yet till disapproved it is vaf.d and oper-
ative: it docs not owe its effect to the action of Con-
gress thereon, so as to become an act of Congress."
Now, the point I make is, that a law passed
by the territorial Legislature of New Mexico,
requiring that this certificate shall be given
only by the secretary of the Territory never
having been disapproved by Congress, is as
much a law binding upon us, upon the coun-
try, and upon the parties concerned, as though
it had taken the form of a solemn enactment
by Congress itself.
In a contested-election case in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, coming from the Territory
of Nebraska, is a case which it seems to me is
directly in point. I refer to the case of Mar-
tin vs. Daily. I read the note of that case
as contained in our own volume of contested
elections :
The Governor of Nebraska Territory gave the cer-
tificate to Mr. Martin ; but upon tlie ground of dis-
covered fraud revoked it and gave the second to Mr.
Daily.
"The House decided that Mr. Daily should occupy
the seat during the pendency of the contest.
" The entire vote of a precinct was rejected because
of fraud.
I' Votes cast from Pawnee Indian reservation were
rejected because of their illegality. Under the act
ot Congress reorganizing the Territory the Indian
reservation is not part of the Territory."
That relates to the merits of the question as
they were disclosed by the secretary' s certificate,
into which, however, I do not propose to go.
The secretary of New Mexico certifies to cer-
tain facts which, if they be true, would show
incontestable that Mr. Chaves is entitled to the
seat. All of that matter we have referred to
the Committee of Elections to report upon.
The secretary certifies, among other things,
that in one of the precincts in one of the coun-
ties a much greater number of votes were re-
turned than were cast; that while a compar-
atively small number of votes were cast (and
the poll-books showed how many were cast) it
was afterward found necessary, in order to
secure the success of Mr. Clever, to enlarge
the number of votes; and a number very con-
siderably greater were returned than were
actually cast at the election. But I repeat I
do not wish to touch the merits of this case at
all. I prefer to confine it to what the argu-
ment now properly relates to, and to that alone.
The Committee of Elections having been
directed to inquire into the merits of this
: whole case, are instructed by a resolution—
the passage of which I did not know of at the
time, or 1 should then perhaps have made this
objection, having these facts before me—to
report who has the prima facie case.
The Committee report that Mr. Clever has
the prima facie case. Now, my objection is
that Mr. Clever has not a good certificate;
neither has Mr. Chaves. I do not know how
these objections are met; but they strike me
as settling the whole matter.
The law of the Territory is explicit; it is
unrepealed; it has the only sanction the
Supreme Court of the United States says it
requires in order to make it thoroughly valid
-the silence and acquiescence of Congress.
But my attention is called to the fact that Mr.
Chaves satin the last Congress under just such
a certificate frotnthe Governorof the Territory
that Mr. Clever now brings. I do not know
how that is ; but I take it tor granted, coming
^s the statement does with the authority of a
jeember of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Upson,] that such was the case. I have only
to reply that Mr. Chaves had no good certifi-
cate to slum even a prima facie right to a seat
in that Congress.
