176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Seaman.
40m Cong.... 2d Sess.
CJ c ff S3 cs S3 CCCC
tsnssaa  
o o o o o CO
rs   s a g
(9 O O (5 o
co w co co >rf sr* Jr
PPpPgcoc
OOOQCQ>g yO>«H
2.^52 Cm' O"S£,
* a s-s-^;rSf:^ £?'
HH?5 ►-*. O-J.2 (-"cil.
o>. S5 £ : : co-j cn.0<:
I i Kr1! I Si | i
© ©*£«««
crcyo   ® M
g 2 3 B %-oxr
* CCh. * '
>
S3 8-
►3 CO
45 CO (S
S3 §*&
>?
S S a
*
^ S' 55
© u ,<to
CO CDC? CO
bootflb'-T
oooooo
000000
oooooo
oooooo
oooooo
tOOMO
'orotoo
tiOOO
oooo
oooo
oooo
to tO^Cnj-7^
bbcc'-i •*=•• cr 
OCO*-*--{OCO
H-*O0
rs0C5O~-7 c ^r
oiiohi>—' zr>ot
oooooo
OOCCfsOhO
0l4-<^>00
O'CMO
MMbb
W3OT1U
oooo
CO'C -
t-O 0>fc
ooc
5^3
s s S
S. 5s
iS
g 3
8"8
£ S
s
s a
?5g Ci
ImpesichsHciit,
SPEECH OF hon. P. C. eeaman,
of michigan,
In tub Hou.se or Rkphesextaiiyes,
February 22, 1808,
On tlio resolutions reported Iiy the Committee on
Reconstruction Ibr the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BEAMAN\ Mr. Speaker, I have on
two different occasions—oner; in the House and
once in the Committee on Reconstruction—
voted against proceedings for the impeachment
of .the President. Having regard to the con-
dition of the country, the unsettled state of
public sentiment, the sacred character of the
presidential office, I have been unwilling to
attempt _ a movement so delicate and so'im-
portant in its consequences, unless upon the
clearest proof, not only of a violation of the
law, but of a corrupt intent on the part of the
President of the United States in the adminis-
tration of the executive department.
But on the 21st day of the present month
the House and the country were startled by
the appearance of an order which I will read :
war "department,
W ASnnoios City, February 21, 1868.
Sir: General Thomas his ju*t delivered to me
a copy ot the inclosed order, which you will please
communicate to the House of Representative1*
edwin" al stanton",
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Sneaker of the House of
ttepre$entcitive<).
,,t executive mansion,
^ washington, [>. u., February 21,1863.
. sir: By virtue of Ihe power and authoittv vested
thcmUniL.dr SSf I™'' '>y th° Co.Ilstitution and laws ol'
w,u twmi,iato ui,°" ''c"ci"t
Tl^?«,wili ra?sf(Vr *? Brevct Major General Lorenzo
davbc^n^i'd'ho,"^'!0'101?1 of thc Ai'm^ wi>0 lias this
retai v of w', v ? ,/ pC a-'ld e,!?P°wered to act as See-
ictai> 01 W.n wl interim, all records, fooolw nmm
chars"""1, PU pr0!KU'^' now in your custody and
Respectfully yours, AXDREW JOHNSON,
lion. edwin M. stanton, Washington, 1). O.
This order was by the House referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, who reported
it bacl;, accompanied by a resolution for the
impeachment ot Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, for high crimes and mis-
demeauois. By the terms of the order the
President assumes to remove the Secretary of
War from his office and to appoint a Secretary
of War ad interim. Two questions arise here:
first, had he lawful authority to make the
order; second, if he had not the power, was
the act performed with corrupt intent? The
authority of the President touching appoint-
ments, in so far as it is derived from the Con-
stitution, is to he found in article two, section
two, of that instrument, in which it is pro-
vided that—
"lie shall nominate and, by and with tlio advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint embassa-
dors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of
tho bupreme Court, and all other officers of the Uni-
ted States whose appointments arc not herein other-
wise provided lor, and which shall bo established by
law."
_ And in the same section it is further pro-
vided that—
"The President shall liavo power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during tho recess of the
Senato by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
It will bo seen that the Constitution provides
for only two classes of cases in which tho Presi-
dent may appoint, the one with tho advice and
consent of tho Senate, (when in session.) the
other to fill up vacancies that may happen dur-
ing tho recess of the Senate. It docs not, in
express terms, authorize him to remove an
officer in any case. I do not forget that it has
been insisted that the power of tho President
to remove from office without the consent and
advice of the Senate arises by necessary im-
plication ; yet I do not stop to discuss the
power of removal. But in the order in ques-
tion thc President assumes not only to remove
but to appoint on his own responsibility ; and
this he does, not during a recess of tho Senate,
but on the day and at tho very hour when that
body is m session, ready to receive and act upon
all proper executive messages, lie assumed
to appoint without the advice and consent of
tho Senate, for which, in the Constitution, he
had no authority. He did not appoint to fill
a vacancy, under the last clause of article two
ol the Constitution, because, first, there was
no vacancy, and secondly, the act was not per-
formed dining a recess of the Senate.
It is said that the President created a vacancy
by thesamc act which made the appointment;
but this will not help his case, because, if it be
conceded that he could remove, tbc Senate
was in session, and no clause in the Constitu-
tion, under such circumstances, authorizes him
to appoint, and tho vacancy would remain until
filled by the consent of the Senate.
Ihe language of thc Constitution seems to
be plain and unambiguous touching the ap-
pointing powei\ What was thc intention of its
iramers? Our fathers were jealous of executive
power, and therefore they'determined to put
a check upon executive appointments. They
therefore provide that appointments shall bo
by and with the advice and consent of thc
Senate. And yet a contingency might arise in
which such conscnt could not be obtained.
There might bo a vacancy by death or resig-
nation, or by removal, if you please, oceurrmg
in vacation, which the public interest would
require to be filled ; but even in such a contin-
gency the framers of the Constitution wore
careful to provide that tho appointment should
be teniporaiy, by commission to cxpiie at the
end of the next, session of the Senate.
_Now, in view of these provisions of the Con-
stitution, will any candid man assert that the
President is authorized, in thc presence of the
Senate in open session, to create a vacancy in
the office of a head of a Department in order
to fill it with an officer ad interim, thus reliev-
ing himself from tlio plain obligation to eon-
suit and advise with that body ? What would
result from such a construction of tho organic
law? Simply this, that though appointments
by the express terms of the Constitution are
to be made by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate, nevertheless, by the Pres-
ident's interpretation, lie may dispense with
the services of a Secretary of'V/ar. tho officer
provided by law, altogether; and in lieu thereof
lie may employ a Secretary ad interim during
his entire term of office. At the commence-
ment of his term he may remove the Secretary
of War and appoint an officer ad interim.
This he may do while the Senate is in session.
He fills the vacancy which he himself has
created with a creature subservient to his will,
and this being done, despite the wishes of the
Senate, lie may continue this officer ad in-
terim during his entire administration.
Such a theory as thatof the President needs
only to be presented in order to he rejected.
It is evident, then, that Genera! Thomas has
not been appointed Secretary of War ad in-
terim under any authority contained in the Con-
stitution.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] relies upon acts of Congress to sus-
tain the President's position, and quotes from
the act of 1792, as follows:
" And be it further enacted, That in ease ot the
death, absence from the scat of Government, orsick-
nessof theSecretary of State, Secretaryof the Treas-
ury, or of the Secretary of tho War Department, or
of any officer ol eithcrof the said Departments wheso
appointment is no tin tho head thereof, whereby th-y
cannot perform the duties of their said respective
offices, it shall, be lawful for the President of tho
United States, in e;isu lie shall think it necessary, to
authorizo any person or persons at his discretion to
perform the duties of the said respective ofiices until
a successor be appointed, or until such absence or
inability by sickness shall cease."
But it is sufficient to say of this section
that thc Secretary of War -was neither dead,
nor absent from the seat of Government, nor
sick, whereby lie could not perform the duties
of his ofliee, and his case is not brought
within the statute.
The gentleman from Xew York also cites
from the first section of the act of February
13, 1705, as follows:
That in case of vacancy in thc office of Secretary
of State. Secretary of the Trr-:wnry, or of thc Srerc-
tary (of the Department of War, or of any other otiiecr
ot cither of the said Departments, whose appoint-
ment is not in the head thereof, whereby they can-
not pcrfoim thc duties of their said respective offices
it shaUJ)o lawful for the 3Jresident of the Uini^d
btatcs in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize anv portion or persons, at his discretion, to per-
lorrn the duties of the said respective office* until a
successor be appointed or such vacancy be hiied."
Upon this section of the act of 1795 I re-
mark that it is clear that at the time of its
passage it was not understood or pretended
that the President was invested by the Con-
stitution with an unlimited power of appoint-
ment beyond tho control of Congress, it was
not pietended that Congress could not limit
or enlarge or regulate the power to appoint j
otherwise this law never would have been
passed. And by paritj' of leasoning it is evident
that the Congress o( 1703 did not believe that
the Constitution gave to the President power
to make temporary appointments except as is
provided in the last clause of article two of
the Constitution.
.Ft must also be remembered that the statute
of 1795 is to be construed in connection with
(lie Constitution, and so interpreted as to bo in
hannony with that insirumont. 1 he lati^'fi^'^
of the statute is—
"To authorize nr.y person or person- rt his dis-
Pcrtonn the dutief of thc said respective
W'licn? V, by. "in case of vacancy in the
olDce ot Secretary of Slate." etc.. '-'Whereby
they cannot perform tho duties of their *aid
respective offices." It was intended clearly
to provide tor e.ioes of emergency when for tlio
tune being the vacancies could not bo filled in
accordance uilh the provisions of the Consti-
cose ot the Secretary of
The
sine order
tutiou. Now
VS ar there was no \acaney.
that assumed to appoint U eneral Thomas Sec'-
rotary ot \\ ar«<7 'udcrhu undertook to remove
Jr. teuton. rJho latter v, as not incompetent
to discharge tne duties of the office.
And n is very clear that unle^ \ou piono^o
to cha'ge the Congress of 17,-5 with the ^tapiJ-
i \ and w.oiteilncvs of aitempting to nullify ;!ie
constitution ol the United States, and with an
