2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 36,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 30,1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RECUSANT WITNESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
mit to the House a report of his action in
regard to the witness, Charles W, Woolley,
who was confined by order of the House, iti
accordance with the requirement of the third
section of the law of January 24, 1857, which
is embodied in the Digest, page 192. The
Speaker certified, under the seal of the House,
the facts in this case to the district attorney
for the District of Columbia, Mr. Oarrington.
Yesterday, after the order of the House that
"meanwhile no person should communicate
with the witness either in writing or orally,
except upon the order of tlie Speaker," the
Speaker received a message from the witness
desiring the attendance and assistance of three
lawyers as his counsel. The Chair accordingly
ordered that they should have access to him.
He also desired that, in addition to his wife,
his child and nurse should also have access
to him. The Speaker ordered that they also
should be admitted. He also instructed the
officer in charge that the witness should have
an opportunity to converse with his counsel
and wife without being overheard by the officer
who, under the order of the House, is keep-
ing him in close confinement.
A question has now arisen which the Chair
desires to submit to the House, as to their own
construction of the resolution "that no person
shall communicate with said Woolley in writ-
ing or verbally except upon the order of the
Speaker," that is. in regard to letters to and
from him, and telegraphic dispatches to and
from him. On yesterday a dispatch was sub-
mitted in a sealed envelope to the Speaker,
directed to Mr. Woolley, with a superscription
unusual in its character upon thcexterior, and,
in the opinion of the Speaker, not only not
respectful to the House but intended pur-
posely to be insulting to the House of Repre-
sentatives. The Speaker hesitated as to whether
it should be delivered to him, but upon reflec-
tion, as the witness could not be responsible
for dispatches sent to him by other persons,
the Speaker ordered the officer to deliver the
dispatch to him. The question he now desires
to submit is, what action shall be taken by the
Speaker in regard to allowing telegraphic dis-
patches and letters to pass to and from the
witness? If such is the order of the House
they will be communicated to him; if not, the
House must take the responsibility in the
matter.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to make a single
explanation in regard to the telegram.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman is al-
lowed to make an explanation I hope a similar
opportunity will be allowed, if desired, by some
gentleman who differs with him in opinion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot determ-
ine what will be the action of the House. He
submitted the question to the House, so that
if any gentleman should make a motion the
Chair would recognize liim. The gentleman
from Massachusetts can submit any motion he
desires.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman desires,
however, to make an explanation.
Ihe SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
a point of order the Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not object to any
explanation the gentleman desires to make,
but I do ask, in furtherance of truth and justice,
that some member on this side may also have
an opportunity to explain.
The SPEAKER. Of course, unless the pre-
vious question is operating, the Chair would
recognize some gentleman on the opposite side;
but he cannot determine what the House will
do. The House must determine for itself.
'The Chair understands that the gentleman from
Wisconsin does not object to the gentleman
from Massachusetts being entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire before T submit a
motion simply to state what happened in regard
to the dispatch referred to. That dispatch,
which L-iiave sent for, was inclosed by Mr.
Wooji^y to me in a note containing these
This dispatch seems to bo disloyal to the late man-
agers. I think you are the proper custodian of it.
CHARLES W. WOOLLEY.
The dispatch was substantially in these words:
Sovereign citizen "Woolley, held by the hands of
tyrants. Every true man with any blood in his veins
will stand by you. Stand firm. It is the last feather
that breaks the camel's back.
GEORGE A. JONES.
Metropolitan Hotel.
George A. Jones is a person whom we had
previously directed to be summoned for com-
plicity with Woolley, That note of Woolley
and the dispatch I will have laid before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pend for a moment. The Chair did not know
until now the contents of the dispatch, as it
was in a sealed envelope, and of course, only
the superscription was known to the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. I should not have known
its contents if it had not been sent to me by
Mr. Woolley with this note, evidently for the
purpose of insult; and whether the House will
vindicate its dignity, or whether anybody will
want to defend such insults to the House, is
another question.
I hold in my hand another matter bearing
on this to show that it will not do for my friends
on the other side to rely on Mr. Woolley's
statement. In tlie statement which the House
refused to hear read yesterday, hut which is
published in the National Intelligencer, he says
that he was treated abusively and rudely by
the committee and by myself. I will read now
from his sworn testimony when he was before
the committee on the second day:
"The witness being sworn by Mr. Boutweli,, the
chairman of the sub-committee" 
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, if it be by
unanimous consent that the gentleman is
allowed to read these statements, I must ob-
ject upon this ground: that the gentleman has
himself objected to the House hearing any
statement made by the prisoner. The gentle-
man himself objected to that, otherwise I
should not object to the statement which he
appears now to be about to make in answer to
what has been published in the newspapers.
The SPE AKE R. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects, and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will state his proposition,which will
then be before the House for debate.
Mr. BUTLER. I move, then, that no tele-
grams or letters be sent to the witness after he
has thus contemned the House, except through
the inspection of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
Speaker does not think he has a right to open
anything that is in a sealed envelope, even by
the order of the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I suppose not, without the
order of the House.
The SPEAKER. Not even by the order of
the House.
Mr. BUTLER. Then i# Mr. Woolley does
not choose to receive them in that way they
must not be sent to him at all. I think the
House should have some power to protect
itself. If it has not, then our presence here is
pretty much useless.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair under-
stands the gentleman from Massachusetts to
make a motion that nothing but open commu-
nications shall be transmitted to the witness.
Mr. BUTLER. That is the point.
Mr. WOOD. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I will remind
him of the fact that there are some things that
the House of Representatives even cannot do.
They cannot violate all law ; they cannot vio-
late the Constitution of the United States and
the statutes of the country. The Speaker of
this House cannot break the seals of letters.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe I am on the floor,
and I decline to yield.
Mr. WOOD. I would remind the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that there is a higher
power than even the board of managers.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask, if the three
counsel have access freely to the prisoner, with
the freedom which characterizes the inter-
course between client and counsel, why may
not all letters and telegrams be taken to and
from the prisoner by those counsel, and why
should the House bother themselves about
preventing an evil which they cannot prevent?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question germane
to the motion he has made. I wish to inquire
how this dispatch came into his possession,
sealed or unsealed ?
Mr. BUTLER. I will answer with great
pleasure. It came into my possession sealed
in an envelope directed by the hand of Mr.
Woolley, inclosing a note from Woolley to me
saying, " This dispatch seems to be disloyal to
the late managers."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. And that dispatch was
open?
Mr. BUTLER. The dispatch was open
inside the envelope.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me ?
Mr. BUTLER. For a question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to offers, reso-
lution germane to this subject.
Mr. BUTLER. I will hear it read.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to offer the
following as a substitute for the gentleman's
motion :
Resolved, That Charles ~W. AYoolley be brought
immediately to the bar of the House, attended by
his counsel, and that the managers be permitted to
address the said witness any questions which the
House may deeido to be relevant and proper.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman to allow such a resolution to be offered.
Mr. WOODWARD. I waut an opportunity
to offer that resolution afterward.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, then, to address my-
self tp the several propositions suggested. In
the first place, I was upon the question how
this man had been treated. I have his sworn
statement here upon that subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair how that is legitimate to the proposition
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
legitimate to the proposition which the Chair
has submitted to the House ; that is, the con-
struction the House will put upon the resolu-
tion the House has ordered the Speaker to
execute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will that open the ques-
tion'so that we may have an opportunity of
ascertaining how the witness himself considers
he has been treated, so that we'may have the
opportunity to answer the gentleman? Or is
this to be entirely an ex parte matt r, and is
the witness to be tried, condemned, and exe-
cuted without a hearing ?
Mr. BUTLER. I do not yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Kldmdge,] as the Chair under-
stood, rose to a point of order. The Chair will
rule that the gentleman should withhold his
pointy of order until remarks have been made
to which objection may be taken.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER. I do not yield.
Mr. W OOD. ^ I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is that the Chair has "already
told the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.er] and the House, as I understand the
Chair, that the Speaker would have no author-
ity to do what the motion proposed to authorize
him to do, even if the House did order it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
