294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Those frauds, it is confidently believed, are sub- 1
stnntmted by proof, whichwill be furnished herewith.
Hv section thirty-threeot the election laws of this
Territory it is mado the duty of the secretary of the
Territory to give the certilicate of election to the Del-
egate-elect. The Governor has assumed that duty,
and it is held that the certificate tciven by that func-
tionary to 0. P. Clever has no validity in law, and is
consequently invalid. The seal and signature of the
undersigned, as affixed to said certificate, were so
affixed under written protest, hereto attached.t
The conclusion, therefore, at which the undersigned
has arrived is, that the votes of the three precincts
above named, as returned, are false and fraudulent,
and should be discarded; and that being so discarded.
Colonel J. Francisco Chaves is legally elected Dele-
gate to the Fortieth Congress by a majority of not less
thtui one thousand one hundred and three votes.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
H. II. HEATH, #
Secretary Territory New Mexico.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of
Ueprescnta! ives, Washington, D. C.
And to the above X have hereto affixed my hand
r _ i and set the seal of the Territory, this 1st day
il. s.j f 0ctobor a, d.
H. H. HEATH,
Secretary New Mexico.
Mr. MYERS. I have only a word or two to
say, with the permission of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. It appears from the reading
of this last certificate—which is the certificate
required to be given by the territorial law—that
Mr. Chaves was elected and not Mr. Clever.
Now, sir, what is the House to understand
from these two certificates? Simply this: that
there is no prima facie case at all. Under the
organic law the Governor was to give the cer-
tificate at the first election, but a territorial
law passed afterward provided that the secre-
tary of the Territory should give the certifi-
cate. Now, if the certificate of the secretary
which has just been read means anything at
all it means that the gentleman in favor of
whose admission the committee have reported
is not entitled to the seat.
The facts are just these: up to this morn-
ing this case rested with the Committee <of
Elections, by common consent, to be reported
upon the merits and not upon the prima facie
right to the seat. This morning a resolution
was hurried through, the folly of which I trust !
is now apparent to the House, that the com-
mittee should in haste report who has the :
prima facie case. The House now has all the
facts, and I think, judging other members by
myself, that the House will not be able to ren- ;
der a fair decision in the case. If they render
any at all they must take the certificate of the
secretary and decide that Mr. Chaves is enti- j
tied to the seat, and I am scarcely prepared to
vote that. I hope, therefore, that the House
will let the case go to the committee to be ;
reported on the merits, and if the gentleman
from Massachusetts will permit, or if I may do
it without his permission, I will move to post-
pone the consideration of the subject.
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor, I believe.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. I introduced this morning
the resolution of instructions to the Committee
of Elections under which they have made the
report now before the House. Before doing
so, having from some considerations taken a
personal interest in the matter, I examined
into the legal aspect of the case, and I could i
not see then, and I cannot see now, why upon
either certificate there is not to a legal mind a
prima facie case in behalf of Mr. Clever, who
claims this seat.
Why, sir, as has been very plainly argued by
the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
[Mr. Dawes,] if the Governor is to give the
certificate he has performed that duty; if the
secretary is to give it (which I deny, upon an
investigation of the statutes and the acts of the
Territory) then the secretary has fully per-
formed that duty.
What has the secretary said? He hassaid that ;
each of the two eandidates has received a given
nulfiber of votes, and he has further declared
that Mr. Clever has received a majority of those
votes. Has the secretary of the Territory any
further power 1
By way of illustration, suppose he had said
that the polls were opened, that Mr. A had re-
ceived so many votes, that Mr. B had received so
many votes, that Mr. B had received a majority
of the votes; and then, without giving any reason,
had declared further that notwithstanding Mr.
B had received a majority of those votes he was
not elected. That is the legal construction of
the paper which is produced here.
Sir, the secretary of the Territory is a mere
declaratory officer, a mere ministerial officer,
giving to this House certain facts, and upon
those facts a conclusion must be based. And
the first conclusion, or in other words the
prima facie conclusion to any mind, it seems
to me, is that, without going into the question
of fraud or any other direct or collateral ques-
tion, Mr. Clever has the prima facie case.
One word more. This question was referred
to the Committee of Elections. That com-
mittee is composed of men of the most unim-
peachable character, of the best lawyers in
this House. We must depend largely upon
the results of their investigations. Now, when
no member of this committee rises in his place
here to oppose the conclusion reported from
that committee is it not safer to take their
conclusion than it is, in this nice, technical
manner, to decide the question upon the argu-
ment that has been submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck?] For myself,
I have no doubt upon the subject.
Mr. DAWES. I like to answer a man on
liis own ground. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] says we must take this
statement of the secretary of the Territory as
a whole. I am willing to take it as a whole.
Now I ask that gentleman if, taken as a whole,
it does not mean this: that Mr. Clever is
returned elected, but in the opinion of the
secretary upon the merits of the case some of
the votes were fraudulent? That is what it
amounts to ; nothing more.
Now, what business has the secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico to tell this House—
who, by the Constitution of the United States,
are the sole judges of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its members—that, in his
opinion, some of the votes returned in this
case were fraudulent? I wait to hear my friend
on that point.
I will repeat it. What business has the sec-
retary of the Territory—who, even by the ter-
ritorial law, has this power, and this power
alone : " to proceed to count up the number
of votes polled in the different counties," and
to "give to the person having the highest num-
ber of votes the certificate"—what right has
that secretary, having done that, to add to it,
for the instruction and edification of this House,
the further statement that, in his opinicfh, some
of these votes were fraudulent?
But, sir, take the statement of the Secretary
as a whole, swallow it as a whole, and what is
there left but that when we pass upon the
merits of this case we shall take this statement
of the secretary, and then determine whether
a portion of these votes were fraudulent or not?
Taken as a whole it declares in substance
that this man is elected by the votes returned.
This, I say, is all that the law authorized this
officer to declare. When he goes further and
says that in his opinion some of the votes were
fraudulent he undertakes to decide a question
upon which neither the law of the Territory
nor the law of the United States authorizes
him to give an opinion. That is a question
for this House to consider, not in determining
the prima facie case without prejudice to the
merits, but only when deciding the merits.
I call the previous question.
Mr. Ml ERS. I thought that the gentleman
asked me a question.
Mr. DAWES. And I thought that I answered
the question.
Mr. Ml ERS. \ ery well. I accept the gen-
tleman's apology.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 68, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
agreeing to the report of the Committee of
Elections recommending that Mr. Clever bo
sworn in upon the prima facie case, without
prejudice to the merits of the contest.
Mr. ECKLEY. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 31, not voting
79 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, AxtMl,
Baker, Barnes, Beck, Binpham, Boyer, Brooks,
Brooma.ll, Burr, Butler, Cary.C'ovoiie, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, L'idridge, Ferriss, Fox, Garfield, Gctz, Gio-<s-
breuner, Golladay, Griswold, Grovcr, Hawkins. Hol-
man, Hooper,llotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, [nger-
soil. Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Kctcbam, Knott,
Koontz, Laflin. George V.Lawrence, Lynch, Mnllory,
Marshall, McCormiek, Mcrcur, Moore, Jlooihcad,
Morrell, Mnngen, Noweomb, Nicholson, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Plielps, Pike, Poland, Polsley,
Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Smith. Stewart,
Stokes, Taber, Taylor, Van Auken, Burt Van I!orii.
Ward, Cndwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson,
Wood. andWoodward—78.
XATS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Benjamin, Cake, Cobb, Coburn,
Driegs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Ilalsey, Hardin?,
Hisby, Hopkins, Judd, Julian, William Lawrence,
Loan, Loughridge, Maynard, Myers, O'Neill. Orth,
Schenck, Aaron F. Stevens, Thomas, Robert, T. Van
Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and William
Williams—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. Bailey, Bald-
win, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwcll, Bromwell, Buckland, Clinnlcr,
Churchill, ReaderW. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggle«ton, Eia, Eliot,
terry, Fields, Finney, Gravely, Ilaisht, Hamilton,
Hill, Asahel W. Ilubbtml, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenekes, Ivelsey,
Kitchen, Lincoln, Logan, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurpr, McCullough Miller, Morgan, Mornssey,
Muliins, Niblack, Sunn, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Itaum, Sawj'cr, Scofield, Sclye,
Shanks, Shellabargcr, Sitsreaves, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Thaddeua Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Trimble,
Trowbridarc, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Trump, Van Wyok, Thomas Williams, Jatnes F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—-79.
So the report of the Committee of Elections
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Clever presented himself, and was duly
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by law.
ORDER OF BUSINESS TO-MORItOW.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to state to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] and to ttie House that I have such
information from the Senate as leads me to
believe that it will be impossible for the defi-
ciency bill to pass both Houses before the
recess. Hence there is no objection in "that
regard to the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio in relation to the order of business
to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I then renew my propo-
sition that by unanimous consent no business
be transacted to-morrow, but that the session
be for debate only. There will be scarcely a
quorum here.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be the understand-
ing that no business shall be done except that
to which there is no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are some little mat-
ters that may require attention. I concur in
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall.]
Air. ALLISON. I mustobjectto any under-
standing of that kind.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
consent unless the understanding be that no
business whatever shall be transacted. I do not
object to a session for debate merely.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I shall desire to intro-
duce my resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to General Hancock to-morrow. I
am anxious to have that passed before the <
recess, and shall feel it my duty to offer it for
consideration at that time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do you propose to thank
him for his conduct in the conspiracy case?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, but for his fidelity
to the Constitution and laws.
