1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
York [Mr. Wood] is mistaken in his statement
of fact he presents to the House. When the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
first indicated that all communications to and
from the witness should be revised by the
Speaker, the Speaker said he should not feel
himself, even by order of the House, author-
ized to break a seal. Whereupon the gentle-
man from Massachusetts changed his propo-
sition to the effect that all communications to
be delivered to him shall be open communica-
tions.
Mr. WOOD. I did not so understand the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
New York did not hear the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, for he so stated
distinctly.
Mr. WOOD. Suppose sealed communica-
tions eome to him?
The SPEAKER. They would not be deliv-
ered to him, if the House should adopt the
order.
Mr. WOOD. The Speaker could not open
them, even by order of the House?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not to
give the Speaker authority to open them.
Mr. BUTLER. If gentlemen would listen
instead of insisting upon talking all the time I
think they would understand something.-
Let me state exactly what the sworn testi-
mony of Mr. Woolley is in regard to the man-
ner in which he has been treated by the com-
mittee. He says:
" C. W. Woolley, sworn by Mr. Boutwell, chair-
man ot the sab-committee, and examined by Mr.
Butler.
[" The witness, on being sworn by Mr. Boutwell,
inquired of him if he was the chairman, and was
informed by Mr. Boutwell that he was chairman
pro tempore in the absence of Mr. Bingham by sick-
ness.]
" Witness. I ask you now, gentlemen, to strike out
all that was written yesterday, as the oath was not
administered by the chairman; to expunge every-
thing that was written, because the oath was not
administered by the chairman. I would also ask for
the authorityof thechairinan to administer theoath.
I do not mean this by way of preventing justice, but
simply, as 1 have been pretty roughly handled in the
newspapers. You, gentlemen, have been polite to
me, and I thank you for it. I feel that you have
treated me courteously."
Now, to answer some of the questions which
have been propounded to me, I understand the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to say
that it will be impossible to prevent counsel
from smuggling letters, papers, and telegrams
to the witness. I had supposed that, when
reminded of the order of the House, and put
upon their personal and professional honor,
they would not do it. They ought not to do
it; and to do so would be a contempt of the
House for which we should find a remedy,
provided gentlemen on the other side think
they have any interest in the dignity and pro-
priety of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I referred to such dispatches
and letters as counsel themselves might judge
necessary for the defense of their client. That
being a matter of discretion, does it not cover
a margin which the House would be entirely
incompetent to control?
Mr. BUTLER. I agree, sir, that almost
everything can be done by indirection and
fraud. That is very clear. We can only pro-
tect ourselves as well as we ean, and take the
usual and ordinary course.
Now, then, to answer the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.] He says there are
many things the House cannot do. T agree
with him upon that point. In his own case the
House tried to bring him to a sense of his duty
by censure, and failed. But I think we can,
when we have a witness in contempt, deal with
him in such a way as the law allows. There is
no constitutional provision which allows men
to do wrong.
Now, one word in answer to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] who
thinks Mr. Woolley should be brought inhere
to answer the managers or the committee after
discussion here as to the propriety of the ques-
tions put. Sir, a witness in contempt of any
.court is never allowed tt^make any communi-
cation to the court until he has purged himself
from contempt. If that is not well settled,
there is no law known on earth. There is no
propriety in permitting a witness to come here
and have discussion as to the questions put,
and it is a gross impropriety for any member
to bring into the House statements of the wit-
ness which the witness himself cannot bring in
his own person, (and the impropriety of such a
proceeding was properly animadverted on yes-
terday,) for such statements may be false, as
they were false yesterday on his own state-
ment.
The witness has refused to answer certain
questions. He stands on that refusal. Now,
the question raised by the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is, Shall he be
brought before the House with counsel and we
here in the House go on with the examination ?
Was this ever done before? Will it ever be done
again ? Can the gentleman cite a single prece-
dent for allowing this man to eome herewith
his counsel to argue on the floor the propriety
of questions and whether the witness shall
answer or not? Have counsel ever been heard
on the floor of the House except when unfor-
tunately they had not only the retainer of the
party, but were members ? This House has not
the time to pursue any such cumbrous and
unprecedented method of investigation. I
want to call your attention, Mr. Speaker, and
that of the House, to the fact that this recu-
sant witness is taking up more of the time of
the country than he is worth.
A Member. That is true.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, that is true ; and gen-
tlemen on the other side are aiding and abet-
ting him.
Mr. WOOD. It is 'the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] who is taking
up the time of the country in an unjust perse-
cution.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not hear the remark.
Mr. WOOD. It is the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts who is taking up the time of the
country by an unjust and unconstitutional per-
secution of an individual.
Mr. BUTLER. I have taken up such time
as I deemed was right. But this witness comes
here through the seventeen gentlemen, more
or less, who appear for him. Now, then, sir,
I have only to ask the House to protect itself.
I am aware of the great desire that Mr. Wool-
ley, and those who are in complicity with him,
have to get at the testimony; and if we could
get his answer before the House, then there
would be great rejoicing in certain quarters,
for then other people could square their tes-
timony with his. Mr. Speaker, I did not ask
you, and the committee did not ask you, not
to let him have telegrams or letters ; but I
call the attention of the House to the fact that
the very first use he has made of the courtesy
and privilege extended by the House has been
an attempt to insult the House. Now, this
House of Representatives may, some time or
other, if the people are so insensible as to do
it, be in the hands of gentlemen on the other
side ; and will they — they and their fathers in
the old time did not—will they allow the House
to be insulted?
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer that question?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. We will do exactly with Mr.
Woolley, thus imprisoned, what the Demo-
cratic party did with Matthew Lyon, impris-
oned under the alien and sedition laws, and
Andrew Jackson, because of his fine at New
Orleans; repay them all their expenditures, with
compound interest, for the sufferings inflicted
upon them.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Would
you do so whether guihy or not?
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, will the gen-
tleman also pay back the §16,000 which he
either sent to Cincinnati or placed in Sheridan
Shooks' hand, or which he spent in his own
private business; and upon the witness's testi-
mony will they ever find out what he did with
it, for he has sworn all three ways?
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion, and it is this-—- .
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield.
Mr. BOYER. Ihe witness does not refuse
to answer any question prooouuded by the
House.
Mr. BUTLER. Not to take up too much
time I will novv call for the previous question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to allow me to move
my resolution as an amendment to his motion,
and to take the sense of the House on it. I do
not propose to debate it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought it was the taeit
assent at all events of the House if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was allowed to pro-
ceed as he has proceeded, thatsome one thinking
differently from him might, if they desired it,
have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 ask my friend to
allow me?
Mr. BUTLER. How long does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not ask any time
for myself. I simply wish to move my resolu-
tion as an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot permit that. You
may have any time to discuss.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
Mr. BUTLER. How long does the gentle-
man from Wisconsin want?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Only a few minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. How many minutes?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Say ten.
Mr. BUTLER. Yery well, ten minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I must say
that this whole proceeding against Woolley, to
my mind, does partake of unmitigated perse-
cution. I endeavored to argueyesterday, in the
ten minutes allowed me, that the only question
of contempt with which he was charged by the
committee was in not answering the question
relating to the telegram in reference to the
$5,000. I assert now, after carefully reading
the report of the committee, that there is no
other charge, and I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to say whether there is in the
report of the committee any other charge of
contempt than that, of refusal to answer with
reference to this telegram?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, there is; the send-
ing of a certificate in the morning that ho was
sick and then running away to New York at
night, and there concealing evidence which
would have been within our reach if he had not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If that is the ground upon
which the gentleman is proceeding he is pro-
ceeding upon a ground outside of the record,
and a matter too fully explained and justified
by the witness. He has made, and the House
has acted on no such proposition ; and I now
assert again that the gentleman is proceeding
against this man Woolley upon grounds entirely
outside of the record which the committee has
presented for the House to act upon. It has
been my opinion from the beginning that there
was something at the bottom of this proceed-
ing, something actuating the committee, some-
thing moving the committee of which the House
was not properly informed. There is in it some
hostility, some feeling, some anger, some pas-
sion, some resentment, some disappointment,
some mortification which moves the committee,
and in which this House ought not to partici-
pate. It is this that is to make this witness a
victim. lie is to be visited with all these pas-
sions of the committee, and subjected to this
proposed punishment. 'This House has never
determined the propriety or impropriety of the
question propounded to the prisoner, except
in its action consigning him to prison. The
committee itself has determined all the ques-
tions, and the House has acquiesced only. It
was its duty in the first placo to have acted on
that question, and have determined Woolley
should have answered it. Then, if he had
refused, he would have been in contempt ot
the House. As it now stands, his refusal to
answer the question of the committee, whether
right or wrong, is treated as a contempt of the
House. But Mr. Woolley has been before the
