1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
some way to the accused; if the rule holds
good yoix might reduce this body below a quo-
rum, and thus defeat the very object which the
Constitution had in view in creating this as the
tribunal to try questions of impeachment.
Again, in courts of law, if objections are
made to any one sitting upon a jury, and he is
excluded, an officer is sent out into the streets
and the highways to pick up talesmen and bring
them in to fill up the jury. Can you do that
here? Suppose you exclude the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, can you send an officer of this
Senate out into the lobbies or into the streets
of Washington to bring in a man to take his
place? By no means. I need not state that.
Thus I come back to the proposition that we
are a Senate, composed of constituent members,
two from every State, sworn to do our duty as
Senators of the United Slates; and when you
attempt to exclude a Senator from the per-
formance of that duty you assume functions
which are not known in the Constitution and
cannot for a moment be recoguized. When
you attempt to exercise the power, and do
exercise it, are you any longer the Senate of
the United States? The Senate, no other par-
ties or bodies formingany part of it, is theonly
body known to the Constitution of the United
States for this purpose, and the Senate is com-
posed of two Senators from each State.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not rise to prolong
the debate, and I entertain the hope that we
may be able to dispose of this question very
soon. I rise more for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Chair to the real matter
before us, and of inquiring whether the propo-
sition now made to us is in order. I believe
the motion is, that other Senators shall be
called to take the oath, and the Senator from
Ohio be passed by for the present, until other
Senators are all sworn in. If i am mistaken
about that, I should like to be corrected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] presents himself to take the
oath. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
iucks] objects. The question then is, shall
the Senator from Ohio be sworn? Pending
that proposition, the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] moves that in administering
the oath to Senators the name of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] be omitted in the call
until the remaining names on the roll shall
have been called. That is the question now
before the body.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, Mr. President, I so
understood ; and that is a question, allow me
to say, which I suppose to be entirely within
the competency of the Chair. There is no rule
requiring the members to be called alphabet-
ically to take the oath. If the Chair should
see lit upon his own responsibility to call them
in reverse order undoubtedly he could do so.
I do not see, therefore, any necessity of spend-
ing further time in the discussion of this par-
ticular motion; but at the same time I must
confess, on reflecting upon this objection, that it
seems to uie to resolve itself into a pure ques-
tion of order. The Senate of the United States
are endeavoring to assume their judicial func-
tions in a particular case, and are sitting, or
endeavoring to sit, upon the trial of an im-
peachment. Therefore, it seems to me, it
must be held that the trial has commenced.
If I am correct in this, it appears to me that
but one conclusion can be arrived at by the
Chair.
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachment.-. When sitting for that purpose, they
shall lie on oatli or affirmation."
The Constitution is mandatory; it is imper-
ative in its very terms. When a Senator offers,
therefore, to take the oath, it becomes the duty
of the Chair, under the Constitution, to admin-
ister the oath to him, and any objection to his
taking the oath such as is made here seems
to me to be out of order, because it implies
that we may, or somebody here may disobey
and disregard this imperative mandate of the
fundamental law. That will be a question, I
apprehend, for the President of the Senate to
decide.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Michigan if his own rules,
for the adoption of which he has asked our
assent some days since, do not provide that the
Presiding Officer may submit any question to
the Senate for decision? Having called upon
us to adopt such a rule, and we having assented
to his request, I think it very extraordinary
that he endeavors to place upon the Chair the
entire responsibility of deciding this question
in any of the varied forms which it may assume,
even assuming it to be (which I do not) a ques-
tion of order, pure and simple.
Gentlemen read to us a section of the Con-
stitution which says that the Senate shall be
composed of two members from each State,
and that each Senator shall'possess one vote.
I suppose, if we were to be curious upon a
point of constitutional history, we might ascer-
tain that that last clause was put in the Consti-
tution with reference to the previous practice
in the Congress of the Confederation, where
the votes were taken by States. This clause,
declaring that each member of the Senate,
representing a State under the new system,
should give a single direct vote, was to exclude,
I suppose, the practice which had previously
obtained of voting by States. A fundamental
idea in constituting bodies consisting of more
than one person is that the members shall be
equal; that each shall possess an equal voice
in its proceedings. I take it, therefore, that
upon principle each member of the Senate
ought to possess one vote ; and that this decla-
ration in the Constitution i'ound its way there
simply because the practice previously in the
Government which preceded our present one
had been to vote by States. I suppose that
that clause of the Constitution has no other
office or meaning. Most certainly it does not
bear any such signification as that attempted
here to be assigned to it, to oblige us upon
every possible question, whether we be acting
in a legislative, executive, or (as now) in a
judicial capacity, to admit every single mem-
ber to vote upon every single question which
can arise. That is simply the rule by which
votes shall be given iu the Senate—"each
Senator shall have one vote"—but the Con-
stitution does not attempt to define the cases
where each member can vote. It does not at-
tempt to exclude cases where his vote would
be improper or might be excluded by law or
by rule. In conformity with this view the
Senate has already adopted a rule for exclud-
ing votes in particular cases. It is the prac-
tice of this body, and I believe iu that respect
our practice conforms to that of all other
bodies of similar constitution. It is a rule
founded in natural propriety and justice that
no man shall express his voice, although he be
a representative, in a case where he shall have
a direct personal interest in the decision to be
made.
Gentlemen seem to feel great difficulty of
mind, because, as they say, without the swear-
ing in of the Senator from Ohio, the court will
not be fully constituted ; that we are at present
in an imperfect condition ; that the taking of
an oath by him, and the taking of a place
among us by him in the new capacity which
we are assuming, is necessary and essential
to the constitution of the body. That argu-
ment has no weight with me in determining
the question which has been raised by.the
objection of the Senator from Indiana. Sir,
this is a difficulty which may arise in the or-
ganization of any body made up of many mem-
bers. It may arise in a judicial, in a legislative,
or in a popular body anywhere ; a question with
regard to the membership of the body in its
organization. Questions of this kind have
been continually occurring from the founda-
tion of the Government in the two Houses of
Congress. Formerly, in the Senate, the prac-
tice was that a member who presented his cre-
dentials was sworn, and afterward, in case there
was objection.to his right, his case was investi-
fated and determined. Recently, however, the
enate seem to have fallen into a different prac-
tice. Upon one or more occasions recently,
one notably in my mind, the recent case from
Marylaud, a member appearing in the Senate
and claiming a right to a seat, with regular
credentials from his State, upon an objection
made was not sworn. The objection was sus-
tained. The case was sent to a committee
of this body and investigated through many
months, and the case was in fact acted upon
at a subsequent session of the Senate, when a
decision was arrived at and the judgment of
the Senate was pronounced.
Now, sir, in what respect does this case
differ in principle from that ? Here the Senate
is about to organize itself into a court; its mem-
bers to be put under oath. The Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court is called to preside over
the proceedings, and we are to proceed as
judges of law and of fact to decide the gravest
question which can be presented to any tribunal
in this country. The Senator from Indiana,
when the Senator from Ohio appears, sug-
gests—not as a challenge in the ordinary way,
or upon ordinary principles—that under the
Constitution of the United States the member
from Ohio cannot sit in this court. Now, sir,
that question involves the question of his- right
to be sworn, and it is made at the proper time,
for it is made when the question arises legiti-
mately in the course of our proceedings. If
the objection be well grounded in the Consti-
tution of the United States this is the time to
make it for a very plain reason. If it be not
now made, assuming it to be a just objection,
what will be the consequence ? That a mem-
ber not qualified to act will become a member
of the court and take part in its proceedings ;
and he will remain a judge iu the case entitled
to vote upon all questions which may arise
until at some future time, perhaps days, weeks,
or months hence, a manager for the House or
an attorney for the accused may raise the ques-
tion of his right to sit by a motion or challenge.
Then only (according to the argument) can our
power of action upon this question be duly
exerted.
The argument has been made by a member
in debate that perhaps the counsel who come
in here will not make the objection to this par-
ticular member; and what then? The Senate
is to be unable at any time during the trial to
relieve itself from an incompetent member 1
Then an unlawful member may continue to sit
from the beginning to the end of the proceed-
ing! At all events it is insisted that some
attorney-at-law or manager must raise the
question in order that we may assume jurisdic-
tion over it and decide it. Can anything be
more absurd than that?
When you pursue this argument to its con-
sequences, 1 think it becomes manifest that
this is the time to raise the question; and I
believe that it is not only within our power to
raise the question now, but that it is pur duty
to determine it. We are acting under the
Constitution of the United States. Most of us
have already been sworn by you, sir, to obey
that Constitution; and if, indeed, it be true that
by that provision of the Constitution which
calls you here to preside over our proceed-
ings—not to give dignity to them merely, but
for the other and better and higher purpose, to
give purity and a disinterested character to
those proceedings—if, indeed, it be true that
by that provision the member from Ohio (our
Piesiding Officer) is disqualified, we cannot
shirk our duty of declaring his incompetency on
the first occasion when the question is made.
Now, sir, upon what grouud is it that gentle-
men would deprive us of that ordinary power
wliieh exists in the nature of things, to de-
cide upon the constitution of our own body?
As I said before, this is not a question of chal-
lenge for partiality, nor even for interest under
some law which gives it to a party in a court
of justice. It is a question which arises under
the Constitution as to the organization of our
own body—who shall compose it; and we are
to meet that question, and decide it, in the
very outset of our proceedings.
The Senator from Massachusetts has read to
us what Judge Story wrote about 1830, in
