29a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
damages sustained by him by the seizure and
detention of the ship Argo while in the prose-
cution ot' a lawful voyage in the month ot May,
1801, by the naval commanding officer of the
United States at Hampton Roads; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of !
Abbott Q. Ross, asking compensation for the
use of au improved mode of using hot water ;
and steam as a weapon in naval engagements,
for extinguishing fires, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Naval i
Affairs. , . ]
He also presented the petition of George j
D. Hendricks and others, citizens of Preble
county, Ohio, praying such legislation as will
make greenbacks a payment for all United
States bonds, and payable in gold, and pro-
vide for the inflation of the national currency j
so as to enable the people to pay all assess-
ments of the Government; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of Sher-
man H. Cowles, late a private in company E
nineteenth Connecticut volunteers, praying an
invalid pension for disease contracted in the
Army ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
presidents and professors of colleges of the
United States, in which they most urgently rep-
resent that the duty of fifteen per cpnt. now
imposed on philosophical apparatus imported
for the use of colleges and other institutions
of learning is a very burdensome tax on edu-
cation and highly detrimental to American
science. They proceed to represent that at
this time the income of the higher institutions
of learning in the country, always insufficient
for their wants, is especially inadequate, and
that for this reason they can ill afford to pay
this tax to which they are now subjected. This
petition is signed by upward of forty presi-
dents and professors of colleges, in themselves
a learned host. I offer it, and ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance, and I hope
the chairman of that committee will give to it
his best attention.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be made.
Mr. DIXON presented a petitiou of Stuart
Barnes, late captain and assistant quartermas-
ter United States Army, praying to be relieved
from his accountability for losses sustained
while in the service, so that he maybe allowed
to draw his pay; which was referred to„the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS presented the petition of
Thomas H. Dowling, praying that he may be
restored to the possession of as much of the
Island of Yerba Buena, California, as may not
be required by the United States, and that he
be compensated for what is retained; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
Samuel W. Maurice, praying compensation for
services as assistant assessor in South Carolina,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations; which:was agreed to.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have instructed me to
report back the bill (II. R. No. 101) to incor-
porate the congregation of the First Presby-
terian church of Washington and recommcnd
its passage. I ask unanimous consent to take
it up now. It is a House bill, and I understand
this congregation desire to organize under it
immediately; and if it should meet the ap-
proval of the Senate it will only occupy a few
minutes.
The bill was by unanimous consent consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Ml-. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
now move to take up the joint resolution in
relation to the District jail. _ ij
The motion was agreed to; and the joint i
resolution (S. R. No. 80) in_ relation to the
erection of a jail in the District of Columbia
was read the second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to suspend
all work upon the jail to be erected in the Dis-
trict of Columbia under the act of Congress
approved July 25, 1860, and the amendment
thereto approved March 2, 1867, until the \
further action of Congress; and to direct the ji
Treasurer of the United States to withhold the <
payment of any money appropriated for the !
erection of the jail until such further action of
Congress. |
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I !'
will explain in a very few words the object of 1 \
this resolution. A petition was presented to
the Senate at the beginning of this session from
citizens of this District praying that the work
on the new jail in the District of Columbia
should be arrested on account of frauds which
were perpetrated, as was alleged, in the con-
tract for that jail. On this petition the Com- ;
mittee on the District of Columbia appointed
a sub-committee to act in connection with a
corresponding committee of the other House.
One of the* parties has already been heard by
I the committee. Another party desire to be
heard by their architect, whij is now sick in
Philadelphia. Such charges were brought
before the committee as seemed to make it;
desirable that all work upon this jail should
be arrested until such time as the architect,
I who is now sick in Philadelphia, could appear
before the committee and be heard, who will
represent the interest of the contractors. All ■
we desire is simply to have the work arrested |
so that a heavy bill may not be brought in j
against the Government for work upon this i
jail when very possibly the site may have to be
changed and all that has been done set aside.
The object of the resolution is not at all to set
aside the contract or to change the location at
present, but simply to give an opportunity to
all parties to be heard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the resolution is
reported it is equivalent to a repeal of the law
for the erection of a jail in the District of
; Columbia, and we all know the necessity for
such a building here, and the great scandal that.
1 the condition of the jail in this District has been
to the Government for many years. While I
i entirely concur in the object which the Senator
from New Hampshire has in view, I think it.
would be better to amend the resolution so as
not to require that nothing shall be done until
the further action of Congress, because if no
work can go on for the construction of a jail
until the further action of Congress it will
require new legislation, and that is equivalent
to passing a new bill for the construction of a
| jail, and we know the difficulty of getting the
concurrent action of both Houses. On account
of the pressure of business it may be that the
session will go through and no action take
place, and this would defeat a very praiseworthy
object and praiseworthy legislation, which I
! am sure the Senator from New Hampshire does
not desire. I move, therefore, to amend the
resolution by inserting after the word " sus-
pend" in the fourth line the words "for the
period of forty days from the passage of this
resolution." That will give ail opportunity to
make this examination and to introduce any
other legislation that may be necessary,
i Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Say "for a
period not longer than."
Mr. TRUMBULL. " For a periqd not longer
than forty days from the passage of this reso-
lution."
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest fifty days, as there
| will be a recess for sixteen days, which would
make the time proposed rather short for the
! committee to act.
I Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
only object is to enable the committees of the
two Houses to hear all parties interested. The
gentleman now in Philadelphia to whom I have
referred is recovering, and probably will be
able to appear before the coinmittee at the close
of the holidays. I should think forty days, or
at any rate fifty days, would be ample, and I
have no objection to that amendment, but I
would rather the time should be fifty days than
forty days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will modify it so as to
say fifty days. It is not material. My only
object was not to repeal the law. «■
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is modified.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sorry that the hon-
orable member has modified his amendment.
Forty days are quite long enough for the pur-
pose for which any delay is asked. But I should
like to know from the honorable member from
New Hampshire, who has charge of this meas-
ure, whether the Secretary of the Interior has
been called upon by the committee to give any
information, and if so, what information he
has given.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. He
has not been. One object of this delay is to
give the Secretary and other parties an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that uudor
the law which we passed for the erection of a
jail the subject was referred, both as to the
selection of a site and the entering into con-
tracts, to the Secretary of the Interior, and
that exercising all the precaution which he
could exercise he selected the site. The ori-
ginal proposition didnotlimithim at all in the
selection of a site; he might make it anywhere
and buy the land; but it was changed after-
ward so as to confine him to such portions of
the city as had been reserved for the use of
the public, and the point which he has chosen
is in one of the reserves. I do not know any-
thing about the architect; but the contract was
given to a very capable man, a builder in the
city of Baltimore, and, as I understand, he has
dug the foundation entirely, and has laid the
foundations of the building, has had and still
has some two or three hundred hands, all of
whom if the resolution passes he must dis-
charge here in the midst of winter. I had
hoped, therefore, when the subject was before
the committee that they would have closed the
examination in time to let these men go on
with the work, or at any rate that they would
not have proposed to suspend it for so long a
time as fifty days. I think it would be better
not to suspend it at all until we are satisfied
that some misconduct has taken place in rela-
tion to the selection of the site or the selection
of the plan of architecture or the selection of
the builder.
It seems to be very hard, in my judgment,
that Congress should pass a law clothing one
of the Departments with the absolute authority
which this particular Department had in this
instance, that individuals upon the faith of
that authority should contract with it, expend
large sums of money, place themselves in a
situation by so contracting in which they might
not be able to do other work, and that while
they are progressing with their work they
should be stopped and all their hands thrown
out of employ. If I understand the resolution,
not only is the work to be entirely suspended
for forty or fifty days—the Senate may amend
the resolution in that particular—butno money
is to be paid to the contractor at all even for
the work that has been done. That does not
seem to be proper, at any rate, uuless there be
some charge, and I do not know that there is
any, affecting the contractor which involves
him in any supposed fraud. What the fraud
may be I cannot imagine. I would therefore
suggest to my friend from New Hampshire
that perhaps he ought to modify his resolution
so as to enable the contractor to get the value
of the work actually done out of the Treasury.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Mary-
land is slightly in error in reciting the history
of this case. The original law provided that
