180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
question by personal and political charges
against the President not included in the in-
dictment. I refer more particularly to the
charges impeaching the private character of
the President just made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe,] and the charges
made on Saturday by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] whenheaffirmed
his belief that on the 2'2d of February, 1866,
it was the intention of Andrew Johnson—
"To overthrow the Government and execute tho
purpose he had intimated before leaving Tennesseo,
to wit, that should he become President, and believe
it to be necessary to save tho life of the nation, he
would perpetuate his power."
Now, sir, let facts answer this last charge.
It, is a fact that on the Cth of February, 180G,
Congress passed a bill which was presented to
the President for his signature, entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled ' An act to estab-
lish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and
Refugees,' and for other purposes." It is a
fact that this bill extended the military power
over every State in the Union containing freed-
men and refugees, loyal or disloyal. It is a
fact that this bill invested Andrew Johnson with
the power of an autocrat—a bill which enabled
him, with fifty thousand bayonets at his back,
to imprison, try, and condemn the citizen with-
out even the forms of law; to drag the judge
from the bench and to £'ride booted and
spurred'' over the Constitution and the liberties
of the people. It is a fact that Andrew John-
son spurned this more than imperial power so
freely laid at his feet by a Republican Con-
gress, then representing, as they alleged, a large
majority of the people. It is a fact that Andrew
Johnson vetoed that atrocious bill on the 19th
of February, 180G.
If Andrew Johnson then intended (as sol-
emnly aflirmed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania) to overthrow the Government, an
opportunity was here offered to him by Con-
gress that he, nor no other man ever dreamed
would be offered by the Representatives of a
free people to any man in any age or in any
clime. Why, I ask, did he " reject the crown?"
And for this bill the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania recorded his vote. Sir, if he knew that
Andrew Johnson 011 the 22d of February, 1800,
was plotting to overthrow the Government in
accordance with his intimations given before
leaving Tennessee, why, I ask, did the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania vote on the 6th of Feb-
ruary, I860, in favor of a bill which would
have given Andrew Johnson this very power to
subvert the Constitution and overthrow the
Government?
We have been reminded by the gentleman
fro^n Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that we only prefer
charges of impeachment but do not try the
impeached, implying, I suppose, by this gratu-
itous information that we are not responsible
for the result. Sir, we are responsible for the
result. There is not a member on this floor
but knows that if the Senators are true to their
utterances on Friday last, the moment that the
resolution of impeachment passes this House
Andrew Johnson is, in effect, convicted of high
crimes and misdemeanors, that all the subse-
quent proceedings of an appearance at the bar
of the Senate to prosecute the impeachment,
the organization of the court, and trial and
conviction are but the enactment of a misera-
ble farce, because the Senate have pronounced
a decision by deciding the law and the facts in
advance. 1 refer to the proceeding of the Sen-
ate convened in executive session on Friday
last, and quote from the Globe:
"Whereas the Sen ate have received and considered
the communication of the President, stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had designated the Adjutant General of the Army
to act as vSecretflry of War adinierim: Therefore,
ltesolved by the Senate of the United States, That,
undertheConstitution and lawsof thellmtedStates,
the President has not the powerto romovethe Secre-
tary of War and designate any other officer toper-
form the duties of that office."
Mr. Speaker, I quote this to let the country
know that Andrew Johnson cannot have that
fair and "impartial trial" which has been
awarded to criminals of every grade_ by the
usage and laws of centuries, and which is incor-
porated in the Constitution. I protest against it
as a great wrong in every case to the individ-
ual, but in this case as an outrage and wrong
to the people of the United States. I quote
from Story's Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion of the United States, volume one, pages
517, 518, and 519 ; sections 743, 744, and 745:
"It is obviously incorrect in theory and against the
general principles of justice, that the same tribunal
should at once be the accusers and judges; that they
should first decide upon the verity of the accusation
and then try tho offenders.
"The practice of impeachments seems to have been
originally derived into tho common law irom the
Germans. When it was adopted in England it re-
ceived material improvements. In (j-ermany, and
also in tho Grecian and Roman republics, tlio people
were at the same time tho accuseisand judges, thus
trampling down at the outset tho best safeguards 01
the rights and lives of the citizens.
"The great objects to be obtained in the selection
of a tiibunal for tho trial of impeachments are im-
partiality, integrity, intelligence, and independence.
To insure impaitiality tho body must bo in some de-
gree removed from popular power and passions, irom
tho influence of sectional prejudice, and^irom the
more dangerous inlluence ol mere party spirit."
Sir, I want the country to know that the
charge ofhigh crimes and misdemeanors against
the President of the United States, upon which
in a few hours we will record our votes, was
first made by tho Senate ol the United States;
that they have decided the verity of the facts; and
that they have decided the removal of the Sec-
retary of War to be a violation of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States ; yet they,
the accusers, will be the judges. Sir, 1 protest
against this grim joke of the form of a trial be-
fore a tribunal who have pronounced judgment
on the law aud the facts in advance, as an act
abhorrent to every principle of justice, as ab-
horrent to the instincts of every honest heart.
The form of the trial will be in accordance with
the forms of the Constitution, but what is form
withoutthespirit? Sir, lanisickofhearingthese
words "forms of the Constitution" and " forms
of republican Government," while the spirit is
ignored or repudiated. Destroy the spirit of the
Constitution and you have anarchy or the worst
of despotisms under the form of a Republic.
Destroy the mind or spirit of a man and you
will have, indeed, the form of a man but that
form will be a loathsome corpse or a drivelling
idiot.
From the judgment of the Senate Andrew
Johnson can appeal to God and his country,
and if history, as it is said, reproduces itself,
that appeal will not be in vain.
An American Senate, in a spirit of party
hate, once declared that Andrew Jackson, in
his acts relative to the removal of tho deposits
from the Bank of the United States, were not
warranted by tho Constitution or laws, but in
derogation of both. The malignity of party
hate triumphed over that incorruptible patriot,
that great and good man, for a brief season p
but what was the result. The hand of an in-
dignant people expunged the resolution from
the records of the Senate, and a hand, like
the hand on the walls of Belshazzar's palace,
wrote a sentence of political annihilation 011
his enemies, and now there are none so poor
as to do reverence to that act of that Senate.
Mr. Speaker, if the President should be con-
victed by the Senate, and if history should repeat
itself, the future student of history will learn
the astounding fact that a personal and politi-
cal enemy of the Chief Executive was forced
by a party controlling the Government on that
Executive as a confidential adviser; that when
the Executive, impelled by his duty to the Con-
stitution, the country, and himself, removed
that adviser, he was impeached before the grand
inquest of the nation for that act as a high
crime and misdemeanor, with furious appeals
to party vengeance, and tried and convicted by
a Senate who had decided on the law and the
facts in advance.
Mr. Speaker, I have 110 doubt of the result
of an appeal to God and the country from such
an impeachment. History will again repeat
itself. The principles of right will triumph.
There are some within the hearing of my voice
who will live to seethe black lines of expurga-
tion traced around your resolution of impeach-
ment. The memory of Andrew Johnson, now
the victim of party vengeance, will be cherished
as a bold and able defender of the Constitution
when the memory of some of his persecutors
is forgotten, or remembered only to be de-
nounced by the patriot of future ages.
The Funding Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
oi' oino,
In the United States Senate,
February 27, 1868.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No, 207) for funding the national debt and for the
conversion of the notes of the United States-
Mr. SHERMAN said:
Mr. President : The attention of the Senate
has been so long occupied with grave political
questions deeply exciting the public mind that
1 have no doubt it will appear a dull change in
our debate to- turn to questions purely of a
financial and economic character ; yet, as our
constituents are laboring under the burdens of
taxation and the acknowledged evils of a depre-
ciated currency and demand relief from us, it
becomes the imperative duty of Congress to
give attention to this subject. The House of
Representatives is now engaged in the perform-
ance of its constitutional duty of diminishing
taxes ; and your Committee on Finance deem
it their duty to lessen, if possible, the burdens
of the public debt and to give increased value
to the United States notes, now made the
compulsory basis of your circulation. We have,
therefore, reported this bill after careful con-
sideration. In advocating it I do not appeal
to any political bias; I do not appeal to tuiy
sectional interest; nor have I any pride of
opinion; and I shall only appeal to those con-
siderations which actuate us allalike, the desire
to relieve our people from all the burdens of
taxation consistent with the public faith.
The Committee on Finance acknowledge that
it is the first and highest duty of a Government
to maintain inviolate the public credit. A
strict compliance with public engagements is
the first duty of every legislative body. Public
credit is the highest property of a nation, its
sure reliance in time of danger and war ; it is
a more valuable property than any other, and
is not to be tarnished or soiled by any consid-
eration whatever. But, subordinate to this
great principle, it is our duty as legislators to
relieve our constituents from every exaction not
demanded by the national safety or the public
interests. We have a right to take from our
people their money to the extent necessary to
carry on the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment and maintain the public faith, but not one
centfurther. The great mass of mankind have
nothing to protect except the reward of their
daily labor. This is their only capital. In
every community—and ours is more favored
than most in this particular—tho majority of
men depend only upon their daily labor and
enjoy nothing of the blessings of civil govern-
ment except in the protection of the result of
their labor. It is, therefore, our duty to take
not one cent from them unless it is demanded
by the public exigencies.
It is with this view, and actuated by this
principle, that, the Committee on Finance have
endeavored to make this bill a bill of relief,
reducing, if possible, consistent with the public
faith, the interest of the public debt, and giv-
. iug increased value to United States notes.
! We have endeavored in this bill la a; compiish
i three results: first, to reduce the rate of in-
