8728
THE GWGRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
July <J,
having examined these claims before, that we
are liable to be imposed upon by false accounts
and false estimates. The present law charges
the city with its portion of the expense accord-
ing to the relative value of the property bene-
fited by the improvements. In the Thirty-Ninth
Congress we settled up all the old claims of this
sort against the Government and in favor of the
corporation, and supposed that we were done
with them. But it was found that under the law
as it now stands these claims continue to multi-
ply and be pressed upon the Government to an
unreasonable extent. I therefore favor striking
this all out, or else to retain this proviso to guard
the United States against the impositions which
it constantly suffers under the present arrange-
ment. I think a careful examination of this
subjret by any candid man will convince him
that we should either preserve all this part of
the bill as printed or strike it all out.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want the Committee
of the Whole to understand this case, and then
they can do just what they think to be right.
Originally the Government of the United States
received as a bounty, a bonus, a gratuity, from
the proprietors of the real estate here a cer-
tain number of lots, from the sale of which
was derived $1,000,000 at least. That §1,000,-
001) was appropriated by the Government 
Mr. DliLiANO. Allow ine to say that I
have been over that whole subject, and I know
that the Government lias fully accounted for
all that amount four or live times over.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 did not say the Gov-
ernment had not accounted for it. I was
merely stating what the Government had
received. Ami it never has spent one fourth
of that sum ill beautifying and adorning this
city, except where the city has paid out an
equal amount for the same purpose. Under
the present law, which it is proposed to repeal
by the proviso in this bill, what are the rights
of the Government? Here are Jackson square,
Lincoln square, the Circle, and other squares
and public avenues over which the city has
no control whatever, no municipal authority.
The present law provides that when the city
authorities make a public improvement, such
as constructing a sewer, paving a street, or
making a permanent public improvement of
any kind passing by any of the Government
reservations or grounds, the Government
shall pay its pro rata share, the same as a
citizen does in reference to his property. If
the Government has been swindled under such
an arrangement, so have the citizens here been
swindled. And if the citizens have been swin-
dled, then they have swindled themselves, for
these improvements have been ordered by those
they have themselves elected. Now, the truth
is that where the Government has paid a dollar
for these improvements the city has paid live
dollars. The Government lias not been called
upon to pay one dollar, except in the ease
of improvements passing by the Government
reservations and public grounds. Now, it is
proposed to repeal this law. If you do so what
will be the result? The city proposes to make
a sewer on Virginia avenue, for instance. When
the work reaches a Government reservation it
must be stopped.
Mr. \V ASHB URNE, of Illinois. They can
come to Congress and get an appropriation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; the work
must be stopped until an appropriation for it
is obtained from Congress. And so it will be
with every other improvement, no matter how
important and necessary it may be, or how
trivial it may be, if it should pass by any Gov-
ernment reservation or public ground. The
Government is now bound by law and in equity
to pay its pro rata share of any improvement
by which its property is benefited. But if the
present law shall be repealed, then there must
be a special act of Congress before any such
improvement can be made by the city. Now,
that is as much as to say that you cannot trust
the administration of the city in this respect,
so far as Government property is concerned,
although at the same time, to the same extent
and with the like authority, the administration
of the city is exercised in regard to its own
tax-payers. Repeal the present law, and you
will have a hundred special bills before Con-
gress for these improvements. Let the law
remain as it now is, and you will have no such
trouble in regard to these things.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I renew
the amendment. I think we had better agree
to let this section stand as it is. Let this city
be repaid what it has expended ; and_let there
be an examination hereafter of this whole
matter by some appropriate committee before
we make any more appropriations. I with-
draw the amendment.
On the motion to strike out the paragraph
there were—ayes 43, noes 19.
'The CHAIRMAN". The motion to strike
out the paragraph is agreed to.
Mr. INGEliSOLL. Has a quorum voted?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
passed on that, question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then, is on
ordering tellers.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make this point of
order: when it appears that no quorum has
voted, is it not the duty of the Chair to appoint
tellers?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
passed upon that question.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. I desire to know in what respect the
rule has been changed, so that when the com-
mittee is found without a quorum it can go on
and do business ?
The CHAIRMAN. By the order of the
House all questions arising in Committee of
the Whole in the consideration of this bill are
to be determined by a majority vote of those
present.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, I shall ask
for a separate vote in the House on this amend-
ment.
T4ie following paragraph was read:
For the survey of northern and northwestern lakes.
§75,000.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend by striking out the paragraph just
read. The same appropriation has already
been made in the river and harbor bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Reconstruction: .
For deficiency under the reconstruction acts for the
soveial military districts for tlie fiscal year ending
Juno SO, 1868:
For the first district, 55,000.
; For the second district, si>127,898 25.
For the fourth district, $53,200.
! For the tilth divtrict, .^to.OOO.
\ For the following amounts, estimated as necessary
\ in carrying out, the leconMruction acts from and alter
thoiiOth d;iyof June, 1808:
I For the first district, .}93,000.
For the second district. $[5,000.
For the third district, $15,000.
'i For the fourth district, $75,000.
;; For the fifth district, i8,000.
! . Mr. PHELPS. I desire to put a question
;! to the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
I priations.
I The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
|| move an amendment?
| Mr. PHELPS. No, sir ; I simply wish to
; make au inquiry. I wish to know whether the
chairman of the committee is able to furnish
at this time statistics showing the total amount
appropriated for reconstruction since the pas-
sage of the act of March 2, 1667, including
' the items now incorporated in this bill as defi-
i ciencies ?
i The CHAIRMAN. There is no amend-
ment pending. Unless the gentleman moves
an amendment debate is not in order.
| Mr. PHELPS. I move, then, to amend by
j striking out the last word of the paragraph
last read. 1'do it for the purpose, if possible,
j of eliciting from the chairman the information
; I have thought we ought to have. I do not
| think the House ought to be called upon, or
I this committee, to vote these additional items
in the nature of deficiencies without at least
some explanation from the gentleman who has
charge of the bill of the purpose for which
these items are required, and why the amounts
appropriated have failed to be sufficient. For
that reason I have asked the question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to answer the gentleman, but it would
take too long.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For additional labor cleaning the center building
of the Capitol, repairing the Washington statue on
the east grounds of the Capitol, cleaning and repair-
ing columns in the building, laying a new brick
pavement on the west front, and repairing fountains,
$1,500.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike that
out. According to the theory laid down by the
committee this work should be done at the
expense of the city, nevermind who owns the
property. Tt seems to be the rule acted upon
by the Committee on Appropriations, that, the
city should pay all the expenses of the Gov-
ernment in the city of Washington. My amend-
ment, therefore, is in accordance with the
views of the committee.
Mr. IvELSEY. There is another reason it
should be stricken out: it is in another bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We want
the city, not the District, to pay for its own work.
Mr. MILLER. Let me ask a question.
Does the city of Washington want to pay for
this ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. This is on the same
line as the pievious action of the committee.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
And it it hereby provided. That hereafter no con-
tract shall be entered into for the crection, repair, or
furnishing of any public building, or for any public
improvement whatever, which shall involve the ex-
penditure of a larger sum of money than the amount
in the Treasury appropriated for the specific purpose,
and no person shall be employed by any Department
of the Government unless an amount of money shall
havo been previously appropriated sufficient to pay-
all such persons. And if any officer of the Govern-
ment shall contiact for the erection, repair, or fur-
nishing of any public building, or for any public
improvement winch shall involve a larger amount
than the specific sum appropriated for such purpose,
or shalt employ any persons in any Department of
the (Government unless an appropriation sufficient
to pay all such persons shall have been previously
made, such officer shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction thereof by a court
of competent jurisdiction shall bo punished by im-
prisonment not less than six months nor more than
two years, and shall pay a line of $2,000, and shall
thereafter be deemed incapable of holding any ofiice
of trust or profit under the Government of the United
States.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to move an addi-
tional section.
Mr. POLAND. I make the point of order
that the provision just read is not in order.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The point
of order comes too late.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not too late; the
gentleman rose in time.
Mr. POLAND. 1 understand this to be
general legislation, and not only general legis-
lation but penal legislation; but I would not
object if the section was not so loosely drawn
as to be a dangerous one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Vermont, whom we all know to be
an excellent lawyer, will move an amendment.
This is an evil which should be remedied.
Air. POLAND. Introduce a bill and refer
it to my committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
make a bargain ; if he will withdraw the point
of order and prepare a section, I will let him
offer it in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Bargaining in legislation
has a bad sound.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, It has not
a bad sound that we should try to prevent
frauds.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the provision out, as
being general legislation.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move to amend by
offering the following as ail additional section:
Sec. — . And b£ it further enacted, Thatthe follow-
ing sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated
