1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^3^
Marcfe-^, J
which he stated an opinion similar to that
which was contained in a communication from
yourself, sir, to the Senate yesterday; and
that was that when the President of the Dnited
States is on trial upon articles of impeach-
ment the Chief Justice is called to preside
because the Presiding Officer of the Senate is
a party in interest, and it would be a scandal
to have him preside in a case where his own
possible accession to the office of President of
the United States was involved. I am content
for the present to take the opinion of the pres-
ent Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and the opinion of the most
eminent commentator upon American law, in
preference to the opinion of the Senator troin
Massachusetts, pronounced here in debate. I
think it would be an impropriety, if nothing
worse, for the Senate to proceed at this mo-
ment, upon the strength of his opinion and of
his argument against the highest authorities to
pronounce that the Senator from Ohio is en-
titled, as a member of the Senate sitting as a
court of impeachment, to try the present case.
In the courts of justice I understand that
challenges are to be made to jurors before they
are sworn. If that time has passed by, and
the juror is charged, under oath, with the trial
of the case, it is too late to object; and, un-
doubtedly, if, during the progress of tins trial,
an objection should be made to the competency
of one of the members of the court to sit in
the case, the answer which would be made
before us and pressed upon our attention would
be that the objection came too late, that the
member had already been sworn.
Mr. PRELINGUUYSEN. I should like to
ask the Senator from Pennsylvania whether
he considers that the respondent, the accused,
has waived his right to challenge, if any such
right exists, as to all those members of the
Senate who have been sworn; and if he has j
not waived that right, is not that conclusive '
proof that this is not the time to interpose the
objection, but that the challenge, if a challenge
can be made, must be made to giving the vote,
not to t&king the oath ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am not arguing the
question of a challenge which may be presented
during the trial. All that I was alluding to at
the moment the Senator interrupted me was
the point that the particular argument I men-
tioned would be made. I am not treating this
as a question of challenge by a party before
us. I am not arguing 011 that ground. The
question lias not been put upon that ground
by the Senator from Indiana or the Senator
from Maryland. A right of challenge is a
right given by a statute to a party in court to
interpose in a particular manner and raise a
Earticular question. We have nothing of that
ind here. It is not involved in the present
debate. The question now before us and for
our decision is this: in proceeding to consti-
tute ourselves into a court an objection being
made that a particular Senator is not qualified
to sit in that court at all, is it not our duty to
meet the question and decide itV The prac- i
tice that I was going to point out of both
Houses of Congress at least in recent times,
would seem fully to sustain this course. I
have already mentioned the case of the Sena-
tor from Maryland. In the House of Repre-
sentatives, when members have appeared there
in the present Congress, the whole delegation
from a istate have had their cases referred.
Their being sworn in was deferred for the time
until some investigation took place. It is an
ordinary mode of proceeding, and it is a power
which may be assumed by any body, unless
there be some statute or constitution to pre-
vent it, in deciding upon the qualifications of
its own members. The Senate has a general
power to decide upon the qualifications of its
own members. Now, when we come to act in i
a particular capacity and under oath, have we !
not the power to decide upon the qualifica- 1
tions of the members of the Senate who are i
to act in this new capacity, and if there be anv !
incapacity to declare it? "
One point more, and I will leave the debate.
The Senator from Massachusetts informs us
that in 1798, when the House of Representa-
tives presented articles of impeachmentagainst
Senator Blount, they made a demand of the
Senate that he should be'sequestered from hia
seat. Like the Senator from Ohio, he was a
member of this body, as it was then constituted,
sitting here under oath, speaking the voice of
a State, having, one would suppose, as much
authority and power as any of his colleagues.
What did the House of Representatives do ?
They asked the Senate, for the purposes of the
trial and during the whole trial, to sequester him
from his seat; that is, to remove him from it;
to say he should not sit and take part in the
proceedings. That was the demand of the
House of Representatives at a time when that
House was composed of giants in intellect who
had participated in the formation of the very
Constitution under which this proceeding takes
place. They made that demand of the Senate.
Was it repelled? Was it supposed to be an
unreasonable or an impertinent demand? Was
it supposed that the House of Representatives
asked the Senate to do an unreasonable or un-
lawful thing ? That was done in the very be-
ginning of the proceedings, before the mem-
bers of the Senate were sworn at all—earlier
than the Senator from Indiana nowinterposes
in the present case npon this question of swear-
ing the Senator from Ohio. The Senate did
not resent that demand of the House of Rep-
resentatives. They made no objection to it.
Subsequently, however, for good reasons,-
which I need not now recite, they did what
was more effectual: they expelled Blount from
membership by virtue of the constitutional
power which they possessed. By a two-thirds
vote they not only sequestered him from the
Senate during the trial, but deprived him of
his seat during his whole term. That was the
action of the Senate. '
Now, Mr. President, if the House of Repre-
sentatives has a right to ask the Senate to re-
move or to sequester a member from this body
because he is interested in the trial which is to
take place, it must be upon an affirmance of the
very point in this debate, that is, that the Sen-
ate, in constituting itself into a court, has a
right in a proper case to omit a member from
being sworn, from becoming a part of the body
as reorganized for the special purpose. I insist,
therefore, that this case, to which the Senator
from Massachusetts has referred as authority,
will instruct us that it is our duty now to act
upon this case, and, by omitting to swear the
Senator from Ohio, to leave him to his general
rights as a Senator; but, for a particular con-
stitutional reason not to permit him to act with
us in this particular trial, when the result of
the trial, if conviction takes place, will be to
place him in the office of President of the Uni-
ted States.
I repeat, sir, from my point of view, this is
not in the nature of a challenge by a party.
Nor is it an objection made as a matter of favor
to eith'. party in this proceeding. It is made
as a constitutional objection, as a question of
membership, as a question upon the organiza-
tion of the Senate into a court of impeachment.
As to the capacity in which the Senate act,
it seems to me there is no difficulty. The old
writers and the old commentators used clear
language—"the Senate of the United-States
sittingas a courtof impeachment." That was
the description of bodies like the one we are
about organizing, in olden times, and the
uniform language applied to them down to this
day. It is still the. Senate of the UnitedStates,
but it sits as a court; for the time being it must
act upon judicial rules, and must administer
the laws of the United States which are appli-
cable to the particular case. Its legislative
powers and functions are left behind it. It has
taken on a new character and is performing a
new function, judicial in its nature and judicial
onlv. That is the whole of it.
Mr. MOllTON. I respectfully submit that
the latter part of the argument of the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania does not accord well with
the first part. The distineuishedSenator from
Pennsylvania started out by saying thafwy
were now organizing a court. He then used the
words, " We are about to constitute a court."
He talked a great deal about the creation or con-
stitution of a court. He proceeded upon the
thetfry, as did my- colleague in his first argu-
ment, that we were about to constitute a court
which was to be selected from the members-of
the Senate. Mr. President, the error of this
whole argument is right here. The Constitu-
tion has constituted the tribunal itself. - We
have no right to organize a court. We have
no right to constitute a court. The tribunal is
constituted by the Constitution itself, and is
simply the Senate of the United States. -■ s
- The remark was made, I believe, by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and perhaps by the Senator
from Massachusetts, that it was immaterial
whether you call it a court or a Senate. It is
not very material what you call it; but it is
material that you shall proceed simply on the
idea that it is a Senate and nothing else. _ That
is material; for if you abandon that plain and
simple idea and adopt the theory that this
tribunal is yet to be constituted you will wan-
der from the Constitution itself. The Consti:
tution settles the whole question in a few words.
It says, "the Senate shall have the sole power
to try all impeachments and when it has said
that it has itself constituted the tribunal.: ■ The
Senate is the tribunal. Who compose that
tribunal? The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
is one of the men who now compose that tribu-
nal, and we cannot get away from that con-
clusion. ' ' •• ' , : . i'<2 tM,
It may be said that while the Senate is try-
ing an impeachment it is exercising judicial
powers. That makes no difference. Why J
sir, when we come in here to counsel as to the
confirmation of an appointment of the Presi-
dent we are not acting as a legislative body;
our functions are decidedly executive in their
character; but still we act not as an executive
body, or as part of the Presidency of the Uni-
ted States, but we act simply as the Senate.
Our duties are then executive in their charac-
ter ; but we are performing them simply as the
Senate. So when we exercise what may be
called judicial power in this case, we do not
do it as a cdurt; we are doing it simply in the
character of the Senate of the United States,
performing certain powers or duties that are
imposed upon us by the Constitution. '
All this talk about organizing a court, all
this talk, in the language of my friend from
Pennsylvania, of constituting a tribunal, if
seems to me, is idle. The Constitution has
done that for us. It only requires that when
this tribunal shall act in this capacity it shall
be sworn. We have no right to refuse to be
sworn. If I were to refuse I should violate
my duty. If the Senator from Ohio should
refuse he would violate his duty. It seems to
me this is the whole of it. The simple idea is,
that it is a Senate and the tribunal is already
formed—is not to be formed, but is formed
now; and the Constitution says it shall be
under oath. The Senator from Ohio had no
choice but to take the oath. As to what he
shall do hereafter on the challenge of the ac-
cused is a question that I will not discuss now.
It is enough to say that all this talk about a'
high court of impeachment, about a tribunal
yet to be constituted, yet to be organized, is
outside of the Constitution. We are sitting
simply as a Senate, as much so as when we
pass a bill or as when we ratify a treaty. The
Constitution says so, and there is nobody that
is authorized to say no.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the President
of the United States is about to be tried before
this body, either as a Senate or as a court,
upon articles brought against him by the House •
of Representatives charging him with high
crimes and misdemeanors. In case of his 
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Dixon.) Will you
give way for a motion to adjourn?
"Mr. DIXON. If the Senate wish to ad-
journ, I will not take up the time of the Senate
now.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the Chief
