182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the United States bound in law or equity to
postpone the redemption of the five-twenties
until they rise to par in gold? My friend from
Vermont discussed this question with great
ability, and he affirmed that we were so bound ;
that we had 110 right to redeem these bonds
until the bonds rose to par in gold. That is
his position, and he maintained it with great
force.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend alludes to me
as the Senator from Vermont, he does not quite
apprehend my position. It was not that we were
boutid tQ postpone, but that if we exercised
the option we must pay in what the bond called
for. and that was coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. In other words,
that we could not exercise this right until the
bonds rose to par in gold. That would be the
legal effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have the option to
pay theui ill coin after five years. If we have
the coin, we are not bound to wait. Whether
we have the ability is quite a different question.
Mr. SHERMAN. That comes back to the
point that he would postpone the exercise of
this right of redemption until these bonds rose
to par in gold.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not understand the
Senator lroin Vermont as saying that we were
bound to pay in coin at the end of live years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no, not at all; I
understand that; but we could not exercise
the right, to redeem after five years until we
could redeem them at par in gold.
Mr. CAMERON. In other words, if we do
not exercise the right to redeem after five years,
we cannotuntil the twenty years have gone by.
Mr. SHERMAN. And then we must pay
in gold.
Mr. CAMERON. Of course; and long
before that we shall be able to pay in gold.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, 1 intend
to put this question with the greatest candor,
and if possible to present the argument in as
fair a light as I can, because I do not wish to
misrepresent any one.
AS TO OLD BONDS ISSUED PItlOU TO 18(52.
Now, I confess that this would undoubtedly
be the rule as to all the old bonds issued before
the act of February 25,18G2; and why? Because
those bonds were issued when no one could
have contemplated any other mode of payment
except in gold; and therefore the Secretary
of the Treasury has always decided, and prop-
erly decided, that bonds issued before the legal-
tender act took effect must be paid in gold to
the last dollar; and why? The bonds issued
in 1861, the bonds issued many years ago, were
all issued when no one contemplated any other
mode of payment, when there was no other
money in which to pay except gold and silver
coin; and as a matter of course these old bonds
must be paid in that way. This question was
first presented to Secretary Chase and decided
by him when h portion of the Texas loan ma-
tured in the fall of 1802. A small portion of
that debt matured, and he paid it in gold be-
cause it had been issued at an old date. Ilis
decision, to which I shall have occasion to refer
in discussing another point of this subject, was
not based at all upon the question of legal
tender; it did not raise the question; but it
was decided upon the ground that as gold was
paid for those bonds gold most be returned to
the bondholder.
A Government may, as a matter of para-
mount authority, compel its citizens as between
each other to receive and pay out its notes as
money on preexisting contracts; but it cannot
debase its money to make the payment of its
own debts easier. We have no right to debase
our coin so as to make the payment of our
debt easier. We may, if there is no stipula-
tion to the contrary, pay in that kind of coin
or money which existed when the debt was
created; but after we have created a debt and
after we have received gold or good money we
cannot then debase that coin and pay it in in-
ferior coin. That principle I admit. Although
we may do it as to contracts between individ-
uals, because we have the power over individ-
uals, we have no right to do it as between
ourselves and public creditors. A nation in
dealing with a public creditor stands on a dif-
ferent footing from what it does in transac-
tions between individuals of that nation. We
may prescribe a rule as between our own peo-
ple ; but subsequent to a contract entered into
i>y lis as a nation we have no right to vary the
contract between ourselves as a nation and our
public creditor. The only rule is the contract,
the law, and we have no right to change that
without being guilty of repudiation. That is
the doctrine. I therefore assume that all the
old bonds issued before the legal-tender act
are payable in coin.
AS TO BONDS ISSUED UNDElt LEGAL-TENDER ACT.
But the question is, whether the bonds issued
since the legal-tender act took effect may be
paid in legal tenders. Upon this question 1
may as well state now, the Committee on Fi-
nance do not pass any opinion, and in the ob-
servations I make on this point I speak for my-
self, not for them. They deem the occasion a
proper one to offer an exchange to the pubtic
creditor, leaving fo'' the future to settle the
result of a refusal. When we look at the law,
which is the contract, it so happens that the
identical act which provided for the legal ten-
ders also provides for the five-twenty bonds.
Every man who boughtahond bought, it under
an act which also provides for the legal tenders.
They were contemporaneous. However, the
notes were issued before the bonds were issued.
The notes were all outstanding before a single
bond was issued.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the limit of
the legal tenders ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that pres-
ently. Now, this legal-tender clause provides
that—
"Such notes herein authorized shall be receivable
in payment ot all taxes, internal duties, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind due to the United
States, except duties on imports, and of all claims
and demands against the United States of every
kind whatsoever, except for interestupon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall also be
lawful money and a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private, within the United States,
except duties on imports and interest as aforesaid."
Does not this act, in so many words, declare
that while coin shall bef paid for the interest
of the public debt, yet the notes provided by
this act shall be a lawful tender in payment of
all public debts?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to inquire whether he ought not to read
what he has read in connection with the suc-
ceeding clause, which authorizes the conver-
sion of the legal tenders into bonds? Take
the whole statute together.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I will come to that. I
cannot read it all in a minute. But here is
the legal-tender clause which I have read.
Now, 1 will come to the point. If this case
stood upon this legal-tender clause alone, if
there was no other provision of law, would
the Senator from Vermont have any doubt of
the legal construction of that clause?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Probably not; but there
is another provision, and I think my friend
will agree that we are bound to look at the
whole of the statute in order to get at the
meaning of any of its parts, to construe it
altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend has already
stated all I expected liirn to state. He admits
the meaning of the legal-tender clause, but
answers me now, by reference to another
clause in the act, that it could not have been
contemplated that under this act the principal
of the debt should be paid in legal tenders.
Why? Because the clause he reters to limits
the amount of legal tenders to $150,000,000,
and with this limit it could not be presumed
they would fall much below par in gold.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me answer my friend
from Vermont first-
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator to
answer what I shall say at the same time if he
will allow me. It seems to me the remarks
the Senator is making would come better after
he had read that clause which relates to the
issuing of the five-twenty bonds. If he will
defer his remarks until then he will be able to
give us some information ; but I think he is
now explaining his opinions upon a part of the
text which will have no influence upon the de-
cision of the country when it comes to pay the
debt. In other words, I think that that part
of the law creating the debt, authorizing the
issue of five-twenty bonds, i-.ettles the whole
question. I will not interrupt the Senator
further.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I intend
to meet all these points as near as I can, and
to'read the sections of the law; but I trust Sen-
ators will allow me to do it in my own way.
My frieud from Vermont admits that if the
matter stood on the legal-tender clause there
would be no doubt, there could beno resisting the
conclusion, that the legal contract between the
Government and bondholder was that the inter-
est should be paid in coin and the principal should
be paid in Ihe kind of legal tenders specified by
this act. That is the point he wishes to make, and
I agree that if these bonds were issued under
this act and under the restrictions contained
in it, namely, that the legal tenders were con-
fined to $100,000,000, with the right to con-
vert them into bonds, then his argument would
be irresistible; but the misfortune of bis argu-
ment is, that these restrictions were repealed
before the bonds were issued, but I anticipate
the argument and wish again to refer to the
act of February 25, 1862. This act further
provides that the amount of legal tenders shall
be limited to $150,000,000. It also provides
that the holder of these legal tenders may at
any time convert them into five-twenty bonds,
the very bonds we are now discussing; and
the second section goes on and provides for
the issue of those bonds. If those bonds had
been issued and negotiated solely under the
act of February 25, 1802, it would have been
irresistible logic that it was not contemplated
that the S^OO.OOO.OOO authorized by this act
should be paid with Slo0.000.000 legal tenders,
themselves convertible into bonds. But here
is the weakness of the argument, in my opinion,
of my friend from Vermont: no bonds were
issued under that act.
Mr. EDMUNDS rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will not
interrupt me, because I have not the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not, if my friend
does not wish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every one of these restric-
tions was removed and repealed before these
bonds were negotiated. In July following,
before a single bond was sold, the limitation as
to the amount was increased to S3il0.000.000.
In December following the Secretary had failed
to negotiate the five-twenty loan: and in his
report, to which I will now refer, he savs to
;; Congress that it is impossible for him, under
; the restrictions contained in the<e acts, to sell
!, these bonds; that after all his efforts he has
;j sold only a few millions; that the loan has
j j^een a failure, and asks us for additional legis-
!l lation._ I now ask attention to the report, "in
1 a previous part of it he states the failure to
j negotiate the five-twenty loan, and that he had
i; tecened but a small amount, comparatively,
lrom it. lie then says :
!, "The net of last session"—
,j The one to which I have already referred—
I tortU^°tri?0Atbe,St'cretar> to i^ue bois-is of the Cni-
.1 ted btates, already often mentioned as live twennv,
