1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
the following preamble and resolution; which
were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas serious complaints aro made of extor-
tionate chargcs by the washington Gas-Light Com-
pany :
Resolved, That the Committee far the District of
Columbia be directed to investigate any such charges
and report what legislation is necessary; also to as-
certain the profits realized by said corporation, with
a view to reduction of prices or the organization of a
new company.
GENERAL BANKING LAW.
Mr. MORRELL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and it is hereby, directed to inquire into
the expediency of amending the general banking
law of the United States, so that State banks in the
process of liquidation may, after due notice and on
faithful payment of all just demands as presented,
be relieved from the necessity of making monthly
statements and the payment of tax upon outstanding
circulation; and report by bill or otherwise.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back Senate bill No. 188, to
amend an act entitled "An act for the relief of
the inhabitants of cities and towns upon the
public lands," approved March 2, 1807; and
the same was ordered to be printed and re-
committed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the
votes by which the various bills were this
morning referred ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE I ROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, announced that that body
had passed, without amendment, House bill
No. 274, providing for holding a circuit court
at the city of Erie, Pennsylvania.
Also, a bill (S. No. 54) to enlarge the public
grounds surrounding the Capitol, and for other
purposes; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following resolution :
Resolved, That atone o'clockto-juorrow afternoon
the Senate willproceed to considertlie impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
at which time the oath or affirmation required by the
rules of thcSenato sittingforthe trial of an impeach-
ment, shall be administered by the Chief Justice of
tho United States, as the presiding officer of the Sen-
ate sitting as aforesaid, to each member of the Senate,
and that the Senate, sitting as aforesaid, will at tho
time aforesaid receive tho managers appointed by
the House of Representatives.
Ordered, That the Secretary lay this resolution
before the House of Representatives.
Ordered, That a copy of the "rules of procedure
and practice in the Senate when sitting on the trial
of impeachments'*' be communicated by the Secretary
to the House of Representatives, and a copy thereof
delivered by liiin to each member of the House.
TENNESSEE ELECTION It. R. BUTLER.
The House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the
resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections, entitled joint resolution (H. It. No.
211) relative to R. it. Butler, a Representative-
elect from the State of Tennessee, on which
Mr. Ciianler was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion in regard to the admission of Mr. Butler,
of Tennessee, has two points in it worthy of
some consideration. There is nothing more
clear to my mind than that this gentleman, under
the Constitution, is entitled to a seat on this
floor. The principle under which he comes
here is the basis of our Government, and a
denial of it in his case by this House will mili-
tate against the existence of this House and
the system of government under which we live.
The people of every country, according to the
principle which we recognize as the basis of
all just government, have an absolute right, to
representation inherent in them. On that prin-
ciple the people of Tennessee, in the district
from which the gentleman comes, are either in
the Union or out of it. If in the Union, they
are entitled to representation on this floor.
Each district, therefore, under the law estab-
lishing the census, is entitled to representation
iu due proportion under the Constitution.
The Constitution fixes the right of represent-
ation, and fixes the power of exclusion from
this floor. The principle upon which that
Constitution was framed and those laws estab-
lished was the right of representation—a sacred,
solemn, fundamental right—and on it the Con-
stitution rests, as it is higher than the Consti-
tution. No test-oatli can override the Con-
stitution. No political or legislative body can
exclude the people from the right of repre-
sentation by a test-oath. Any portion of the
American people, governed by this or any other
body under a test-oath excluding representa-
tion, are practically governed by martial law
or no law but despotism; it matters not whether
one man or many exercise that despotism. To
preserve the American people from exactly
that consequence—the despotic power of the
British Parliament and the practices of that
Parliament without any written constitution—•
the written Constitution which we now live
under was established by its framers that the
law might have its limitations, that the exer-
cise of power by a bare majority in the legis-
lative halls might be checked by law, and that
the principle of representation might be pre-
served in its purity and in its general and equal
application.
Now, sir, that comprises my views of this
case, and is the whole argument. If this gen-
tleman from Tennessee comes here with a
clean record according to the Constitution,
bearing the proper papers from the secretary
of the State, and elected under the Constitu-
tion and as it provides, the duty of this House is
to admit him, and the duty of the Committee
of Elections was to report upon the case as
provided in the Constitution. To go beyond
that is to encroach upon the most sacred priv-
ileges of the citizen, and to involve this House
in the same complex jurisdiction which has
charactens#! the different Parliaments of Eu-
rope when they have sought by test-oaths to
exclude men of various religious opinions from
participating in the Government. The right
of representation and the right of religious
worship are the twin children of liberty on this
continent. You cannot separate them without
danger. You cannot destroy the one without
impeiiling the other. If, therefore, you have
a right by a lest-oath to exclude a Representa-
tive from a special constituency because of the
political opinions of that constituency, so have
you the s ime power if that constiuenjy, in a
religious point of view, is not in the same way
of thinking as the majority on this floor. It is
a dangerous precedent, fatal to representative
liberty, inconsistent with the spirit of our Gov-
ernment, and the fundamental principles of
the Constitution. I therefore strike out from
this case everything which rests upon the test-
oath. I ask only if this Representative comes
here clothed with the power of the people under
the provisions of ike Constitution. We sit here
to-day under that principle, and our seats are
sacred only because protected under that prin-
ciple, otherwise it is the purest despotism that
ever exercised tne power of making laws. We
are simply a body perpetuating its own exist-
ence without authority of law and without any
right except the right of power which posses-
sion in a stronghold of a great Government
gives us, which is dangerous to the people
whom we represent, and inconsistent with the
principle of representation that sends us here.
Now, sir, if what 1 assert is logical and cor-
rect, the gentleman from Tennessee has been
and should be recognized as a representative
man. I refer to that portion of the argument
of the chairman of the Committee of Elections
[Mr. Dawes] which goes to show that during
the rebellion, situated in the heart of Tennes-
see, with the waves of civil war surging around
it in every direction, this isolated district rose
as one man and insisted on the principle of i
representation—the saered principle of thepeo- I
pie—and that he should go where they were to I
be taxed and representthem there. Taxation !
was the basis of it. The people consider our
representation of their rights as based upon the
power of the Government to tax and the recip-
rocal right of the people to be represented at
the seat of Government. The people, there-
fore, of that district, when the rebellion existed,
educated, as our people are throughout this
Union, to but one principle—that sovereignty
rests with them, and that where the power of
taxation falls there the sovereign has a right to
claim protection from the power—the people
of this district, insisted on this loyal man—loyal
or disloyal, but in their opinion, and according
to tke history of this case, this loyal man—going
to the seat of the local government; I call it
local to avoid a mixture of terms.
The existing power, the power de facto, the
power which taxed that people, and the only
power which could reach them by taxation,
was the power of the confederate government,
and the people had the right of representation
under that government. They sent their rep-
resentative, and he fulfilled his duties as a rep-
resentative. The war ceased, and now this
same sovereign fundamental principle demands
that this people should be represented at the seat
of the Government de faclo which rests upon
them by the power of taxation. They feel that
Government through its power of taxation.
This man comes here now and demands to
represent the sovereign people. He has a right
to come here; the people he represents have a
right to insist that he shall take his seat here.
You cannot deny that right to them and stay
here yourselves, according to the principles of
our Government. Gentlemen will say that the
test-oath is to be the test of the right to a seat
here. That is the argument here. 1 have dis-
missed the test-oath entirely from the position I
have assumed. But for the sake of the argument
I will admit the position taken in regard to the
test-oath, namely: that under the Constitution
the people have a right to representation, but
under the test-oath they have no right to rep-
resentation. The one is a broad, genera!,
established law; the other is a limited, narrow,
peculiar, partisan edict. As a partisan, en-
deavoring to cater to partisan prejudice and
prevailing passion, 1 can understand the posi-
tion taken upon the test-oath. I can under-
stand the necessity of an argument which shall
say to those who come from a certain region
of country, " Unless you can swear as we
swear, pray as we pray, vote as wo vote, you
are not worthy to be admitted to seats in this
House/' I can understand that kind of logic;
but it does not rest upon the principles of our
Government. On the contrary, it militates
directly against the principles of our Govern-
ment. It is exactly in accordance with the
principle established by Henry VIII, when,
by his proposition of constructive treason,
those of the highest authority in the laud were
not only liable to imprisonment, but forfeited
their lives, if they did not coincide with him in
his peculiar views in regard to the sovereign
power of himself or his house.
It was exactly the right which the central
power claimed in 177C to tax without repre-
sentation which led the people of Boston to
make tea without boiling the water, rather
than to partake of an established luxury to
destroy at the dock the cargoes of their own
merchants. The test-oath, therefore, militates
against, the principles of representation.
Whether the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr.
Butler, can swallow one half or two thirds of
it, or the whole of the test-oath, without gulp-
ing, or without crying, or without perjury, is
a matter, so far as 1 am concerned, of no
importance whatever. That test-oath has no
virtue in it, and had no force in it, except as
a war measure. But to assume now that in a
time of peace that-oath is a necessity is to
establish the fact that martial law shall now
exist iu the district where you apply that oath.
It is impossible that the people of a district
should have the right to come here under t.he
Constitution and claim the right of representa-
tion if they are to be told that another institu--
