298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
as it was originally; that is to say, that the sus-
pension shall not be for a longer period than
forty days. Sixteen days we are to have of a
recess. That, would leave twenty-four days ;
and certainly the whole of the testimony bear-
ing on a question of that kind could be taken
within a week or two weeks and the committee
be just as able to decide after an examination
during that period as if they had a whole year
to make the investigation. Besides, I think
that it is due to the Secretary of the Interior, in
whose character we are all more or less involved,
that the subject should be probed at the earliest
possible moment; and as the time'mentioned
by the honorable member from Illinois is, in my
judgment, sufficient to enable the investigation
to be a complete one, I repeat the liope that
the honorable member from Iowa will withdraw
his suggestion of fifty days.
There is another motive. I have stated that
the contractor has some two or three hundred
men at work; they have been at work during
this inclement season; they will either go un-
paid during the forty or fifty days or he will
have to advance the money to them. Whether
he has the means of doing so or not I do not
know; but whether he has or has not it would
seem to be particularly hard that those men
should go unpaid for a longer period than may
be absolutely necessary to enable the Govern-
ment to save itself against the consequence of
some fraud or misjudgment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have no disposition to
have the time extended beyond that period
which may be necessary to enable the commit-
tees to examine the subject thoroughly, and so
far as I am concerned individually I am will-
ing to accept the period mentioned by the
Senator from Maryland. I think I ought,
however, while I am on my feet, to repeat
what I have said—that I have not seen in the
papers any evidence of fraud or of any inten-
tion on the part of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to perpetrate a fraud or permit anybody
else to perpetrate a fraud. I think the con-
tract is loosely drawn, and in its execution
perhaps the building may not be erected as
economically as we could desire. I think there
ought to be provided a specific sum beyond
which the structure should not cost. I think
that was clearly contemplated in the law mak-
ing the appropriation. Perhaps I onght to
add also that a part of the money is to be col-
lected by a tax from the citizens of the Dis-
trict, and they have attempted to arrest pro-
ceedings through the courts of the District by
an application to issue outawrit of injunction,
which, however, the courts deemed that they
had not authority to grant. The people of the
District are interested perhaps as much as the
Government is. I think about half of -the
expense is ultimately to be paid by the people
by a tax on their property. I will acquiesce in
the suggestion of the Senator from Maryland
and accept of forty days, if that is deemed to
be long enough.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator having this measure in charge
who made the selection of the site for this
building, and under what architect the con-
tract was made, whether under our general
architect, Mr. Clark.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. Faxon, brother of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy, is the architect, and Mr.
Faxon, the Assistant Secretary, came to me
and asked that there might be a delay that
his brother might be able to appear before the
committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the architect
desire delay in the work?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
He desires the committee to leave the question
open until such time as he can appear. The
committee desire to have the work arrested
because if the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives see fit ultimately to secure a dif-
ferent location it would not be well to pay
out thirty, forty, or fifty thousand dollars there
when nothing is to be accomplished.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the information
that has been communicated I did not feel
free to vote for this resolution. The conse-
quences of arresting this work are of some
importance both to the contractor and to the
workmen. This is in the nature of a prelim-
inary injunction, and it ought to bo done, if at
all, "on some reasonable prima facie case.
Now, as to whether this is a suitable location,
! it seems to me the committee ought to decide
] in two hours and a half. They know the gen-
eral features of this city and of the District and
! the location of the courts. All they have to
do is to go and examine this ground and form
a judgment whether it is a suitable location.
If it is really a bad selection of a site let them
report that Ij^ct at once. They do not need to
consult an architect upon that question. There
ought to be no delay for that reason, as I think.
On the othi'r question, I understand one gen-
tleman of the committee, the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] to say that there is no
evidence of any fraud in the making of the con-
tract ; that the contract is loosely drawn, but
that there is no evidence of fraud.
Evidently, 011 the statement made by the
Senator from New Hampshire, it is a little
difficult to tell what the trouble is. The charge
seems to be that the contract was made fcyr
1 portions of the work instead of making a con-
tract for the entire work. I am not sure but
that that is the better way to make these con-
' tracts. That statement in itself is not suffi-
| cient to disturb the confidence of the Senate
j in the integrity of any officer, as I think. I
have been a little on my guard about this sort
of investigations from the fact that the first
session I served in the House of Representa-
tives there was a committee raised, on which
' I happened to be a member without any rea-
son at all, for I was not at all fit to make the
investigation—and I think that was, perhaps,
the fact in regard to most of the members of
the committee—in regard to the sufficiency of
the foundations of this Capitol. We went to
work and we had some portions of the founda-
tion dug up with spades and picks, and had
most scientific and elaborate investigations of
the character of the mortar, the strength of
the stone that was being used, &c., and we
came to the conclusion—and that is part of
the records of the House of Representatives
now—that the foundation was not of any
account at all, [laughter;] that this building
would not begin to stand if erected upon the
foundation. [Laughter.] I have been always
a little ashamed of that report every time I
have thought of it from that day to this. It
was an attempt by the House of Representa-
tives upon vague charges, much stronger than
have been intimated here, that there was fraud
in the management of that work; that the
work was so defective that it was not safe at
all to go on with the Capitol. Notwithstand-
ing our report, however, the House had judg-
ment enough to let the work go on, and so far
I believe this Capitol stands, and I think it
probable it will stand for a thousand years to
come.
Now, I am not willing to go through, so far
as the Senate is concerned, with any such pro-
ceeding again. That was very ridiculous, to
be sure; our report was absurd, and it was not
sustained finally by experience, although science
did show that the mortar was not just right
and that some of the stone was not strong
enough to sustain the weight 'that was likely
to be put upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the Senator satisfied that
the experience has not demonstrated that the
committee was right?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Experience is to the
contrary, I believe.
Mr. (jRIMES. Experience shows that the
great weight of the Capitol in which we sit has
settled the west end several inches.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the Senate side?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a part of the
work which had not been commenced then.
We examined the mortar mainly over at the
House side.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived when it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business, which
is the bill in relation to the cotton tax.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that that and all
other prior orders be postponed until this mat-
ter can be concluded ; and I insist on that for
this consideration: I have not troubled the
Senate with District business during this ses-
sion, and there are two or three little bills that
ought to consume but a few minutes, and I
hope the Senate will grant this committee
tweuty or thirty minutes to dispose of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will this take up much
time ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not much.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let the unfinished
business go over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to that? No objection being made,
the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 80 will be continued as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have never heard of
any important work being prosecuted in this
city or District without charges being afloat
through the whole atmosphere of fraud against
the officers who had it in charge. I do not
lend a very ready ear to those charges. Frauds
upon the public Treasury are not in the prose-
cution of the works here, in my judgment,
to the extent that they are in other affairs of
the Government. Here is a contract made,
reduced to writing; the party has rights under
it; the workmen under him have their rights,
and those rights are not to be disturbed by
Congress on an ex parte investigation unless
there be a very strong case made. In what
case would a court in chancery interfere to
stop a work of this sort? Not upon vague
rumors. They would not think of touching
it. They would require a very clear showing,
supported by testimony under oath. It might
be ex parte testimony, to be sure, but it must
be testimony supported by the oaths of parties
upon whose testimony the court would rely.
Are we willing to act upon less testimony—
upon no testimony here, upon vague rumors,
charges perhaps coming from parties who were
disappointed in not getting the contract, or-
something of that sort—and arrest an import-
ant work upon such charges? • I am not will-
ing to vote for it, especially as it involves the
turning of men out of employment at this
season of the year, perhaps producing much
distress. As to the other matter—the suitable-
ness of the locati on—let the committee investi-
gate it in a couple of hours and settle it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will modify the amend-
ment by fixing the time at forty days, as it
stood originally. I changed it at the instance
of other Senators.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read as it now stands.
The Secretary. The amendment is to in-
sert after "suspend," in line four, the words
" for the period of forty days from the passage
of this resolution."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senatorfrom Indiana that even if the commit-
tee can investigate the question in a couple of
hours they cannot stop the building for the
next sixteen days if we do not pass this resolu-
tion now. _ If it is not passed before the recess
the injury is done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, in order to make
the resolution harmonious it will be necessary
after the word "withhold," in the tenth line,
to insert "for the period aforesaid," and to
strike out at the end of the resolution the
words "until such further action of Congress,"
and also to strike out the words "until the
further action of Congress" in the eighth line.
I move these amendments.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the
clause directing the withholding of the^apDro-
