186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3731
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the Chair decide
we can go on and legislate on all matters with-
out a quorum.
Air. BLAINE. Th6 committee does not
legislate.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole does not legislate any more than the
Committee of Ways aud Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that less
than a quorum can do no business.
The SPEAKER. That was decided be-fore
the House went into committee on this bill by
unanimous consent, and it can only be rescinded
• by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
cession of land to the united states.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, relative to the ces-
sion to the United States of a tract of land
near New London, on the Thames, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, an<d ordered to be printed.
deficiency appropriation bill again. ■
The m otion to close debate was then agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend ihe rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whoie.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Jowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 1341)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1868, and for other purposes.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment, to the amendment,to add the words "and
to include only those now in semee."
The question being taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, there were—ayes 30,
noes 23.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
tellers
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend by
adding the following:
To each private soldier who served in the Army in
the w;tr ngainst the rebellion, and who was honor-
ably dischaiged, twenty per cent, on the amount paid
such soldier for such service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSGLL. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
And thnt the members of the Metropolitan police
shall receive ten per cent, on the amount of their
present compensation.
I desire to state to the committee that the
Metropolitan police——
    " Debate is exhausted by
I understood that five
-ayes 20,
The CHAIRMAN.
order of the House.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL.
minutes were allowed.
The amendment was disagreed to-
noes 38.
Mr. ELA. I move to add the following :
Including persons employed in the Government
Piintme Office.
Thearaendmentwas disagreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. MULLINS. I move the amendment
that I notified the House of a few moments
ago. to add the following:
lle-olzed. That the Tieasurcr be, and he is hereby,
riHinireil to refund to each person, firm, or party
twenty per cent, of the amount of taxes for public
KYcnne which have been paid oy the same to the
United States r<'venuo collectors from the 30th day
of Ju.ie, 1837, to the 30th day of June, 1868.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment there were—ayes 20, noes 9.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the following
amendment:
Also, that all pensions to tho widows of soldiers
who perished duiin-^ the war for tho suppression of
the rebellion be increased twenty per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I move the following amendment,
to come in previous to the last paragraph:
Provided, That the above additional compensation
be paid out of tho appropriations made for Members
of Congress until their compensation is reduced
twenty per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GETZ. I move to amend that last
amendment by striking out "twenty" and
inserting " fifty." Twenty per cent, would not
be enough to pay the compensation.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, as amended,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Ohio ask now that the com-
mittee lay aside this bill and take up his two
appropriation bills?
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir; I shall not
ask it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise and report the bill to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the special order under
consideration, being House bill No. 1341, mak-
ing appropriations and to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
18(58, and for other purposes, had made sun-
dry amendments thereto, and had directed him
to report the bill and amendments to the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
offer the amendment in relation to extra com-
pensation in the form in which I originally
offered it in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to reserve a point of order on the intendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that if it is the same amendment that the gen-
tleman offered in Committee of the Whole, and
has been considered by the Committee of the
Whole, it is in order to offer it in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was
rejected by the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That may be ; but if it
was considered in Committee of the Whole it
is in order to offer it in the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to postpone the further consideration of this
bill, and also of the amendments of the Senate
to the legislative, &c., appropriation bill, until
Monday next after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT INVESTIGATION.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question. I submit a report from
the committee of investigation relative to the
impeachment of the President, that it may be
printed. I shall not ask any action on it until
there is a fuller House, and I do not care to
have it read. I move that the report be recom-
mitted and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message FllOJI the president.
A message from the President, in writing,
was communicated by Mr. Moons, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that j
the President had approved and signed bills j
and joint resolutions of the following titles : j
An act (H. R. No. 365) constituting eight j
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen, j
and mechanics employed on behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States ;
An act (H. R. No. 867) for the relief of
Jonathan Jessup, postmaster at York, Penn-
sylvania ;
An act (H. R. No. 764) for the relief of cer-
tain exporters of rum;
An act (H. R. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 29C) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to remit the
duties on certain articles contributed to the
National Association of American Sharp-
shooters ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) for the
relief of Robert Lindsay;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 24G) directing
the Secretary of State to present to George
Wright, master of the British brig J. & G.
Wright, a gold chronometer, in appreciation
of his personal services in saving the lives of
three American seamen wrecked at sea on
board of the American schooner Lizzie E.
Choate, of Massachusetts;
An act (H. R. No. 1218) appropriating
money to sustain the Indian commission and
carry out treaties made thereby;
An act (H. R. No. 828) tor the relief of
Captain William McKean ;
An act (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson ;
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 262) authorizing
certain distilled spirits to be turned over to the
Surgeon General for the use of the Army hospi-
tals ;
An act (H. R. No. 823) granting a pension
to George W. Locker;
An act (H. II. No. 826) granting a pension
to Michael Mellen ;
An act (H. R. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson;
An act (II. R. No. 258) for the relief of
Mary B. Craig;
An act (II. R. No. 280) to grant a pension to
Margaret Huston:
An act (H. li. No. 454) granting a pension
to John Kelley ;
An act (H. R. No. 455) granting a pension
to David Van Nor3strand ;
An act (H. R. No. 610) for the relief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco;
Ail act (II. R. No. 517) granting a pension
to Cornelia K. Schmidt, widow of Adam
Schmidt, deceased, late a private in company
A, thirty-seventh Ohio volunteers;
An act (II. It. No. 77G) granting a pension
to Jcphaniah Knapp. of Luzerne county, Penn-
sylvania;
An act (II. R. No. 824) granting a pension
to Annie Vaughn ;
An act (H. R. No. 774) granting a pension
to Amos Witliam;
An act (II. R. No. 519) granting a pension
to Eliza J. Retinard, widow of W. K. Ren-
nard,"deceased, late a private in tenth Ohio
volunteers of war of 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 524) granting a pension
to Austin M. Partridge ;
An act (H. R. No. 520) to place the name
of Josephine K. Bugher on the pension-roll;
An act (EI. R. No. 605) granting a pension
to Susan V. Berg;
Ail act (II. R. No. 526) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan B. Mitchell;
An act (II. R. No. 659) granting a pension
to Sarah E. Pickell;
An act (II. 11. No. 067) granting a pension
to Mary Graham:
An act (II. It. No. 152) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse ;
An act (H. R. No. 246) to grant a pension
to Milton Anderson;
Joint lesolution (H. R. No. 26-1) to propide
for the sale of the site of Fort Covington, in
the State of Maryland ;
An act (II. R. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Dickerson ;
An act (H. R. No. 822) granting a pension
to Hampton Thomson;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 266) to author-
ize the enlargement of the Hygeia Hotel, at
Fortress Monfbe, Virginia;
