1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
tion than the Constitution meets them at the
door of this House which renders their con-
stitutional privileges null and void.
During the war, in case any person came
here as the representative of a constituency in
arms against the Government and claimed the
right to a seat here, I can understand that,
in order to exclude that particular person,
some such test should be applied; but to keep
this law upon your statute-book and then to
slice it up to suit the case and peculiar stomach
of a representative who applies here for a
seat, so that he may be able to take it in
doses if he cannot take it all, is certainly an
act of political and legislative stultification
inconsistent with the dignity of this House.
You should insist upon every man taking that
oath, as it is written upon your statute-book,
upon some great fundamental principle, or
else wipe it out. You passed that law under a
pressing necessity; you can avail yourselves
of it to-day only by the plea of the continued
existence of that necessity.
Now these are the two points, and the only
two points, which I feel called upon to discuss
to-day in reference to this matter. And I
think t would not have undertaken to debate
this question at all but for the fact that this
case came np early in the session, before ithad
been considered by the Committee of Elections.
And I feel that although I am not entitled to
represent the Democratic party on this matter,
yet as a member of that party I shall be ex-
cused for stating to the House the exact views
which [ hold, and which I believe are held by
those I represent, upon the question of the
right of representation on this floor. I believe
that the tendency manifest at this time to enter
into a minute examination of the particular
motives of men before they are admitted here
is calculated to nurture a spirit beneath the
dignity and manhood of a free people; for if
you attempt by any technical system to disclose
a man's virtue you can by the same system
expose his vices; and thus those secrets which
for the sake of common decency and common
safety are hidden, in deference for the sacred-
ness of individual opinion in religious, political,
and social matters, all become the common
food of the human vultures who prey upon the
exposure of the degradation of human nature.
To inaugurate such a system is to imitate the
policy of the tyrant of Syracuse, whose whis-
pering ga'lery, built for detection, betrayed
the confidences of friend and foe alike, it is
to imitate the course of the petty tyrants who
subverted the Italian republics until individual
respectability and manhood were made to
cringe beneath a system of most contemptible
espionage, Putparty organization in the place
of some petty tyrant, organize your detective
system throughout this country in every bureau
ofiuternal revenue where the records of every
man's business are kept, open up the book
account against every man, and then he will
be bound by a system of espionage in the
chains of party tyranny.
That is the practical effect of the system as
applied to the South and to the border States
to-day. You have not gone so far as the tyrants
to whom I have referred; but when you estab-
lish the principle of testing men's motives in a
legislative body, not relying purely and simply
on the law, you inaugurate the same tyrannical
system involving the subversion of every prin-
ciple of individual liberty. Therefore, sir, I
naturally throw out of view any claim which
the Representative from Tennessee may have
under the test-oath act, as being outside of the
Constitution and unworthy the consideration
of this House. I rest his claim upon his posi-
tion as a representative man. The people who
sent him here are entitled to representation on
this floor; and if he can take the oath consti-
tutionally prescribed for members I am willing
to vote to admit him.
Mr. COOK obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Garfield.
asylum for disabled soldiers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for action at, the present time a
joint resolution appointing managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, and
for other purposes. There are three vacancies
now on the board of managers, one occurring
by resignation and two others by the expira-
tion of the term.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the resolution be read
for information.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that Erastus IS. Wolcott, of Wisconsin,
John II. Martindale, of New York, and Hugh
L. Bond,«of Maryland, be appointed managers
of the National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers,
under the provisions and conditions of the
third section of an act approved March 23,
18GG, from the 21st of April, 1865; and that
Hugh L. Bond be appointed to serve out the
unexpired term of Horatio G. Stebbins, of
California, resigned.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of War be authorized to furnish from the
captured ordnance such ordnance with their
implements as he may deem proper to the sev-
eral national asylums for the purpose of tiring
salutes, and also such small-arms and equip-
ments as may be necessary for the purpose of
guard duty at the asylum.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Farks-
wortii.) Is there objection to the introduc-
tion of this resolution?
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to explain the resolu-
tion, the right to object being reserved.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 will explain. As I
stated in the beginning, there are now three
vacancies in the board of managers of this
asylum, one by resignation and two by the
expiration of the legal term. The two man-
agers whose terms have expired are named in
the resolution for reappointment. The third,
Mr. Stebbins, of California, living too faraway
to be of any service, has resigned, and another
person is named in the resolution to be ap-
pointed in his stead. That is all there is in the
first section.
In the second section it is provided that out
of the spare ordnance there shall be sent to
each of these asylums a gun for tiring salutes
on proper occasions and a sufficient number
of small arms to do guard duty.
Mr. UPSON. Is there no provision by which
these officers may be appointed without a
special act of Congress?
•Mr. GARFIELD. It is provided by law
these officers shall hold their offices for a cer-
tain time. Thattime lias expired, and the time
has come for reappointment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 do not object, but I
thought it was necessary to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD. If I thought it was neces-
sary I would agree to itsieferenee, but it is not.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (II. it. No. 22G) appointing managers of
the National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, and
for other purposes, was introduced, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be o-igrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the time,
and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tennessee contested election.
Mr. COOK. I now yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bald-
win.]
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, it appears
to me that the resolution before the House is,
in one respect, very questionable and danger-
ous. It seems to forget that amendment of
the Constitution known as the fourteenth arti-
cle, and to set aside the policy established by
the use made of that article in the reconstruc-
tion laws. My purpose in rising is not to make
a speech, but simply to call the attention of the
House to this point. No man here more cor-
dially appreciates Mr. Butler's claim to con-
sideration than I; no man desires more sin-
cerely to see him relieved from disabilities and
admitted to a seat in this House; but I am not
willing to admit him by any method that strikes
a blow at that fourteenth article, and, through
that, at an important part of the reconstruc-
tion policy established by Congress; and I am
sure that Mr. Butler himself cannot desire to
be admitted by any such method.
The third section of the fourteenth article
referred to provides that disabilities incurred
by acting with the rebels after having taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States may be removed by a vote of two thirds
of each House of Congress. It would give me
greatsatisfaction to see the disabilities incurred
by Mr. Butler removed in this way; but the
resolution before the House forgets this pro-
vision and proposes to remove the disability
and relieve him from a part of the oath by a
simple majority vote. I do not propose to
argue the question. Having stated the case, I
leave it to the consideration of the House.
IMPEACHMENT OF TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I move that the
House now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole for the purpose of accompanying
the managers of the impeachment of the Pres-
ident on the part of the House to the bar of
the Senate.
Mr. UPSON. Before we do that we should
know that we are expected.
Mr. JUDD. If the gentleman from Michi-
gan had listened to the message received from
the Senate he would have known that the
managers on the part of the House were noti-
fied that they would be expected at the bar of
the Senate at one o'clock to-day.
The SPEAKER. The managers do not
seem to be in the Hall.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. The message from
the Senate was to notify the House they would
rcceive the managers to-day. We have a
further notification that at the commence-
ment of the trial they would receive the House
and provide seats for them. I do not see the
necessity of our going there and standing about
when no seats have been provided for us.
The SPEAKER. The managers are now
at the bar of the House, and they will state
what is the desire of the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, after con-
sultation with the managers on the part of the
House, I am instructed by them to say to the
House that, inasmuch as this is a mere formal
proceeding to-day, they do not suppose it to be
necessary or according to usage to ask the
House to attend them to the bar of the Senate
until the issue shall be joined.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw my motion.
TENNESSEE CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to occupy
the attention of the House for a few minutes
in relation to the question now before the
House—upon the right of Mr. R. R. Butler to
a seat in the House as a member from Ten-
nessee—and in the commencement I have to say,
although I voted for the report which has been
made by the Committee of Elections, yet facts
which subsequently have come to my knowl-
edge have induced me to submit the instruc-
tions I have already moved. It has come to
my knowledge that Mr. Butler, the claimant to
this seat, prior to the breaking out of the re-
bellion, occupied an office of honor and profit
under the United States, and took and sub-
scribed an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, thus bringing him clearly
within the third section of the fourteenth ar-
ticle of the Constitution. That section is as
follows:
" Sec. 3. That no person shall be a Senator or Rei -
resentntivo in Congress, or elector of President aild
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military.
