1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?07
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
otherwise.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has moved that the rules
be suspended and that the House now resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Indian appropriation bill. And that motion
cannot be superseded by a question of privilege.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that my resolution may be printed in the
Globe.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Butler ; and upon a division there were
—ayes 67, noes 29.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the House1
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaise in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 1073, making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1869.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] to add to 'the first
section of this bill the following:
For this amount to pay the expenses of two com-
missioners appointed to appraise the Cherokee neu-
tral lands under the seventeenth article of the treaty
of July 19, 1866, with the Cherokees, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, $4,550.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the attention of
the Committee of the Whole will be drawn to
the condition of the question. I think the first
question is upon an amendment to my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to the
amendment was merely verbal, for the purpose
of debate, and was withdrawn yesterday.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Maynabd ; and it was notagreedto.
No further amendment being offered to the
first section, the second section was read, as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That in order to
carry into effect the eleventh and twelfth articles of
the treaty between the United States and the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw tribes of Indians confirmed by
the Senate on the 21st day of February, in the year
1856, and the resolution of the Senate of the United
States in pursuance thereof made on the 9th day of
March, in the year 1859, as finally adjusted by the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs made to
the Senate on Junel'J, in theyear 1860,and the tenth
article of the treaty between the United States and
the said Indians approved by the Senate of the Uni-
ted States on the 28th day of June, in the year of our
Lord 1806, the Secretary ef the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to issue, on the credit of the
United States, coupon bonds, or registered bonds, of
denominations not less than fifty dollars each, pay-
able twenty years from the date of the approval of
this act, bearing interest at the rate of fire per cent,
lawful money, payable semi-annually, for the sum
of $1,832,560 85, which bonds shall be delivered to
the Choctaw Indians: Provided, That said Choctaw
tribe of Indians shall receive the same in full satis-
faction and discharge of all claims of the said tribe,
and of the members thereof, against the United
States existing prior to the 28th day of June, in the
year 1866.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to strike out this
entire second section ; and I will state briefly
my reasons for that motion. I have given this
case some examination, although not a very
thorough one. The circumstances upon which
this claim is based extend back some thirty
years. So far as I have been able to see by
the limited examination I have given to the
case, I believe we shall eventually have to pay
this money; but there can be no harm in plac-
ing the matter in such a position that every
member may have an opportunity to examine
it for himself. It is a claim amounting to
nearly two million dollars. It is large enough,
certainly, to justify careful examination on the
part of each member before he votes upon it.
I am very certain that upon such discussion as
we can have to-day we cannot go back through
the last thirty years and look into this case
fully, and see upon what the claim is based.
My object in moving to strike out this sec-
tion is that I may hereafter, at the earliest
possible time, move to refer this claim to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which it prop-
erly belongs, that it may have another exam-
ination there, while members of the House can
be examining it for themselves. As this claim
is of such long standing, it certainly ean do
no harm to let it wait until our committee
shall be called. I will agree, if necessary, that
the Committee on Indian Affairs, when next
called, shall report for or against this claim
with their reasons. In the meantime, as I have
already said, every member of the House ean
examine the matter for himself.
This,is a matter strictly within the province
of tW Committee on Indian Affairs, and it is
ona-6f a class of cases which ought to be care-
fjjtly examined. If the proposition embraced
n this section were a provision of the character
usually reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations, there might not be so much pro-
priety in the suggestion which I make. But
this is not an ordinary appropriation. It is
not understood by the Committee on Appro-
priations to be a simple appropriation, for the
note appended to the bill states:
"The total amount appropriated by this bill is
$2,214,283 01."
That amount does not, of course, include
this claim of $1,800,000. The committee, in
their note to this bill, do not understand it to
be a part of the appropriations embraced
in the bill, for the reason, I suppose, that it is,
properly speaking, new legislation, the com-
mittee proposing to issue bonds bearing five
per cent, interest. In that view of the sub-
ject, it seems to me the matter is not properly
within the province of the Committee ou
Appropriations. I desire that time may be
allowed for the examination of this subject by
another committee and by the House. This
will certainly be a safe proceeding.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether this claim was not before
the House once before and rejected?
Mr. WINDOM. This claim was before the
House at the close of the last session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, was discussed during
a part of the last evening of that session, and
was voted down. A suggestion was then made,
I believe, that it be examined by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. But the case was never
referred to that committee, by whom there has
been no examination of it except a very cur-
sory one by a minority of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
place before the committee the exact state of
the facts so far as regards this section, and
then the committee can do with it precisely
what they may desire.
In the first place, this section was drawn in
order to obviate what seemed to be a great
difficulty. By a solemn treaty four times rati-
fied $2,300,000 worth of land was sold to the
United States, the price being $1 25 per acre
for that which had actually been sold by the
United States, and for which it had received
the money, and twelve and a half cents an acre
for the remainder. In 1853 the United States
got the money for the land. They agreed to
pay for it to the Choctaws. But before the
necessary legislation got through the war broke
out. The United States paid upon this claim
$500,000, and let the rest lay over to await the
loyalty of the Choctaw nation. In I860 a treaty
was again made and ratified, and it was agreed
that this money should be paid. The Choc-
taws agreed to allow out of that money certain
claims for damages ; and it was finally agreed
that they should receive $1,832,500 85 in gold.
Now, that claim came before the Thirty-
Ninth Congress and failed, upon a plea pre-
cisely like that now put forward by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,] that time
should be allowed for the examination of the
claim. Since that time this matter has been
pressed upon the attention of our committee
by the Secretary of the Interior, who has urged
the necessity of an appropriation. We have,
as in duty bound, reported an appropriation
for the amount.
This does not raise the question whether the
Senate and the President have the right to bind
this House by a treaty, because Congress has
heretofore accepted the treaty, and one quarter
of the money has been paid.
Mr. WINDOM. Congress has not accepted
the treaty of 1866.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. In 1861 Congress made an appropriation
of $5,000 and paid it over. Then came the
treaty of 1866. The gentleman does not pre-
tend the treaty of 1866 was for the purpose of
settling how much should be allowed for claims
against the Choctaw Indians.
Now, sir, without saying further, the commit-
tee would not report this until they had a full
report made. You owe them this money. It
has to be paid some day. It must be paid.
Underthecircumstances the committee thought
it best to give them long bonds at five per cent,
interest. Indian appropriations have been put
heretofore in Arkansas and Virginia State
•stock, and being so put, have been lost. We
propose to put them in five per cent, bonds.
I ask before proceeding further that the report
of the committee accompanying this seetion
shall be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to strike out the proviso ; and I do it, sir, for
the purpose of saying a word, as I opposed
this section in the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I was opposed to putting it into the Indian
appropriation bill for the reason that I had not
sufficient knowledge on the subject to justify
me in voting this vast sum of money at this
time. I knew that it was an old claim of
thirty or forty years' standing. It had been
trundling along, acted upon in the House, and
referred to in various treaties; it was so mixed
up, and so many suspicious circumstances were
thrown around it, that I was unwilling to com-
mit myself to the section. From what I have
heard since has only confirmed my suspicions
that this money is not to go to the Indians, but
to an Indian " ring" of which Perry Fuller is
one of the chief managers. I am opposed to
passing any bill which will give the money to
a •' rotten Indian ring," which I believe is in
collusion with the Indian department, one of
the rottenest departments of the Government.
Without having further knowledge than I
have in regard to the matter, I am opposed to
it—to putting out to this "ring" our obliga-
tions to the amount of $1,500,000.
Mr. BUTLER. One million eight hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think,
after the open disclosure made by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrexce] yesterday,
that there is no subject more worthy of atten-
tion than an investigation by the House into
all the facts of this case; and not only into
this, but also in regard to the Cherokee neu-
tral lands, as well as in regard to the Osage
lands referred to yesterday by the chairmau of
the Committee on the Public Lands, [Mr. Ja-
i.iax.] Now, I propose, if this is stiuck out,
when we get into the House, to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
directed to liuiuhe into all the iacts and circum-
stances connected with the claim of theCiioctaw and
Chickasaw Indian tubes, arising, as it is claimed,
under the eleventh and twelitli articles of the treaty
of Maicli 9, 1859, and of the treaty of June 19, 1866,
and also in regard to the Osage and Cherokee neutral
lands, and that they have power to send for persons
and papers.
I propose to refer it to tlie Committee on the
Judiciary, anil not to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, because the Committee on the Judi-
ciary have now partial charge of the subject.
I want all the facts and circumstances attend-
ing these Cherokee and Choctaw and Chicka-
saw claims fully investigated.
Mr. NI BLACK. I desire to make a brief
statement about this section. I was on the
Committee on Appropriations during the last
Congress, before which this subject came, and
which, I believe, reported a section similiar to
this one for the payment of this claim. I could
not then, and do not now, understand how so
