8732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3}
An act (H. R. No. 668) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler;
An act (H. R. No. 769) granting a pension
to David Howe;
An act (H. R. No. 772) granting a pension
to Robert McCrory;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) donating
to the Washington City Orphan Asylum the
iron railing taken from the old Hall of the
House ot Representatives;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the Lincoln Monument Asaociation
damaged and captured ordnance;  
An act (H. R. No. 170) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports,
and for other purposes," approved March 25,
1864;
An act (H. R. No. 861) relating to the Su-
preme Court of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia,
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 196) to reestablish the
boundaries of the collection districts of Mich-
igan, and to change the names of the collection
districts of Michilimackinac and Port Huron ;
An act (II. R. No. 1059) to relieve from
disabilities certain persons in States lately in
rebellion; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 31fi) extending
the time for the completion of the Northern
Pacific railroad.
leave op absence.
Leave of absence for four days was granted
to Mr. Rouisutsox.
ARMS FOR THE MILITIA.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Reconstruction, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1355) to provide for the issue
of arms for the use of the militia ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
requires the Secretary of War to deliver to the
Governor of each State and Territory repre-
sented in the Congress of the United States,
at the seat of government of such State or
Territory for the use of the militia thereof, as
many serviceable Springfield rifled muskets,
of caliber fifty-eight, with accouterments and
equipments, and serviceable field-pieces, with
carriages, caissons, equipments, and imple-
ments, as the Governor of such State or Ter-
ritory shall require for the use of the loyal
militia therein, not exceeding two thousand
rilled muskets, with accouterments and equip-
ments, and two field-pieces, with carriages,
caissons, equipments, and implements, foreaeh
congressional district and Territory so repre-
sented, upon the certificate of the Governor
showing to the satisfaction of the General of
the Army that the regiments and companies
for which such ordnance and ordnance stores
are required are duly organized of loyal citi-
zens of such State or Territory under thelaws
thereof; and the ordnance and ordnance stores
shall thereafter remain the property of the
United States, subject to the control of Con-
gress.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
convict immigrants.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the Iloitsc of Representatives :
I transmit to Congress a copy of a dispatch from
the United States consul at Elsinore. and of an in-
struction from the Secretary of State to the United
States minister at Copenhagen, relative to an alleged
practice of the Danish authorities to banish convicts
to this country. The expediency of makins it a
penal offense to bring such persons to the United
States is submitted to your consideration.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 29, 1868.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
message and the accompanying papers be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. G0ri-
ll a. M , its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills and
joint resolutions of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 502) to incorporate the
congregation of the First Presbyterian Church
of Washington;
A bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Todd;
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 96) for the
relief of John Sedgwick, collector of internal
revenue, third district of California; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 321) in rela-
tion to the erection of a bridge in Boston harbor.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, House
bills of the following titles:
A bill (II. R. No. 420) to incorporate the
Connecticut Avenue and Park Railway Com-
pany in the District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 554) making a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments to the fol-
lowing House bills, and agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Ilouse upon the disagreeing
voles of the two Houses upon the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mabala A. Straight upon the pension-roll
of the United States;
A bill (II. R. No. 456) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorliam, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (II. R. No. 521) to place the name
of Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll ;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
A bill (II. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (II. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George R.
Waters;
A bill (H. R. No. 663) granting a pension
to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (II. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler ;
A bill (II. R. No. 666) granting a pension to
Henry H. Hunter;
A bill (II. It. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Holman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles
W. Wilcox;
A bill (II. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps ;
A bill (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice ;
A bill (II. R. No. 676) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly;
A bill (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatherly ;
A bill (H. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John H. Finlay ;
A bill (II. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John II. Lay ;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes ;
And that the Senate had appointed as the
conferees upon the part of the Senate Mr.
Van* Winkle of West Virginia, Mr. Trumbull
of Illinois, and Mr. Edmun'bs of Vermont.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was'
requested, namely:
A bill (S. No. 487) to disapprove an act of
the Legislative Assembly of Washington Terri-
tory redisricting the Territory and reassigrs-
ing the judges thereto ; and
A bill (S. No. 564) concerning the tax com-
missioners for the State of Arkansas.
encouragement op immigration.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs two bills which have been referred to
that committee, with a substitute, which I ask
to have printed and recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
report a substitute for two bills. He can report
a substitute for one bill, and report back the
other bill and move that it belaid on the table.
Mr. CULLOM. Very well ; I will do that.
I report back, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, House bill No. 1139, to establish, under
the direction of the Secretary of State, agen-
cies in Great Britain, Germany, Sweden, and
Norway for the promotion of emigration to
the United States, with a substitute, which I
ask to have printed and recommitted.
The SPEAKER. This can be regarded aa
an original bill.
Mr. CULLOM. Very well; I report it, and
ask that it beprinted and recommitted.
The bill i,l* It. No. 1355) tor the encourage-
ment of immigration was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 move that the Committee
on Foreign Affairs be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 1139,
of which 1 have just given the title, and also
House hill No. 1145, to establish an unpaid
emigration agency at Liverpool, Glasgow, and
Dublin, in Great Britain and Ireland, and that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Shellabarger, on account of ill health,
registering, etc., OF t-iiips Or. vessels.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with the recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 505, to
amend section five of an act entitled " An act
conccrning the registering and recording of
ships or vessels," approvedDecembe3-31. 1792.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman ex-
plain the object of tfiis bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itproposes
to change a provision of the present law which
requires all the owners of a vessel to make oath
every time the vessel is transferred. That pro-
vision has been a dead letter for some years
past, but has been revived lately, and is deemed
the cause of unnecessary trouble.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bark aug. gl" audi en
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to report back from the
