184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
I take it, tlien, that no proposition will ever
receive the sanction of Congress in the face of
this law, providing that the five-twenties shall
be redeemed with any other notes than those
in existence at the time they were sold; that
any proposition of that kind would be dishon-
orable to the country and dishonorable to any
one who should seriously propose and advo-
cate it. It would be to create a depreciated
currency in order to evade the payment of an
honest debt.
But, sir, aside from that, as an act of pub-
lic policy, it would be fatal and injurious. It
would reopen the flood-gates of pape/money.
It would impair all values; it would unhinge
all standards ; it would affect all prices. None
would suffer from such a debasement of the
currency so much as the laboring man. Labor
is the last thing, except real estate, to feel the
effect of a change in the currency ; because
labor is more abundant than any other com-
modity. Labor feels last the advance caused
by the inflation of paper money. I trust this
proposition when discussed by the people will
be generally repudiated, and I believe it will
be. I regard this limit upon the amount of
greenback currency as the sheet anchor of pub-
lic safety; that in no event whatever is it to be
violated.
bank notes and legal tenders.
It is sometimes said, why will not the pro-
posed increase of banking circulation have the
same effect as the increase of greenbacks. This
question is putin regard to the bill reported by
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
to repeal the limitation upon the amount of
banking circulation. I answer that the effect
is very different. The amount of bank notes
may be left free without any legal limit if only
the right to present the note for redemption is
always enforced.
Mr. MORTON. Redemption in what?
Mr. SHERMAN. Redemption at present
in legal tenders, but we all look to an early
resumption of specie payments. There is no
check on banking, there is no use in banks,
unless you have specie payments. Banknotes,
unless they are based on the payment of specie
or something that is equivalent or will soon
be equivalent to specie, are injurious, and
therefore I am not in favor of any increase of
the bank note circulation unless it is in view
of the speedy resumption of specie payments.
But, sir, if bank notes are based on coin, or if
they are redeemable in coin, their amount
may be left to the demands of trade, to the
wants of the community. The power to pre-
sent them for payment at any time is a sufficient
check on the amount. That is shown by the
experience of many countries. In England
the limit is very rarely reached. In New York
they had a very good State system, which, if
it had been extended all over the United States,
under the control of the General Government,
would have been a wise one. That was a sys-
tem of free banking under which any man
might bank who would keep up the specie
standard, and give the requisite security to the
public and redeem his notes in specie.
redemption of bonds in existing currency.
I come now to the third mode that has been
suggested, and that I have necessarily dis-
cussed as I have proceeded. I here again de-
sire to repeat that, in what I have to say in
regard to the manner of paying or redeeming
the bonds, I do not speak for the Committee
on Finance, because, in the view which they
took of it in the bill which they reported, they
did not decide that question. I merely pre-
sent the argument. 1 say that equity and jus-
tice are amply satisfied if we redeem these bonds
at the end of the five years in the same kind
of money, of the same intrinsic value it bore
at the time they were issued. Gentlemen
may reason about this matter over and over
again, and they cannot come to any other con-
clusion: at least, that has been my conclusion
after the most careful consideration. Sena-
tors are sometimes in the habit, in order to
defeat the argument of an antagonist, of saying
that this is repudiation. Why, sir, every citi-
zen of the United States has conformed his
business to the legal-tender clause. He has
collected and paid his debts accordingly.
Every State in this Union, without exception,
has made its contracts since the legal-tender
clause in currency and paid them in currency.
Indeed, every State in this Union except Mas-
sachusetts lias gone further, and, as I think,
improperly, in paying either principal or in-
terest of preexisting debts contracted on the
basis of gold.
Mr. COLE. The Senator must except Cali-
fornia from that statement.
Mr. STEWART. And Nevada also.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And Maine also.
Mr. SHERMAN. Maine paid her interest
in paper, even on old debts, and certainly on
new.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think not.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator should except
Connecticut.
Mr. SHERMAN. Connecticut pays her in-
terest in paper.
Mr. DIXON. Only on debts contracted
since the passage of the legal-tender act.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what I said, and
that is all I propose the United States shall
do. In the Pacific States, where they have
always had a gold circulation, their contracts
are based on coin, and they have always paid
gold. Massachusetts is the only other State that
has done what the United States has done, and
always will do, pay preexisting debts in gold.
Mr. DIXON. Aliow me to say to the Sen-
ator that Connecticut had no debt before the
war. Iler debt has been contracted in view
of the legal-tender act, and for that reason she
has paid the interest in paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, and that is pre-
cisely what I say the United States may lawfully
do. Every citizen of Connecticut, rich and poor,
has availed himself of that privilege, and has
paid his debts in paper ; and every community,
every city, every town, every municipal organ-
ization in Connecticut has availed itself of the
privilege of paying its debts in paper, and in
ninety-nine cases out of one hundred have
paid debts contracted before the legal-tender
act in paper.
Mr. DIXON. But the Senator began by
saying that there was a wide distinction between
the right of a citizen to pay a debt under the
legal-tender act and the right of a State or a
Government to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do say that as to pre-
existing debts, but as to debts contracted since
the legal-tender law took effect, they were con-
tracted in currency, and upon the express stip-
ulation in the law'that their principal should
be paid in legal tenders and the interest in
coin. If that stipulation was not in the law
the right to redeem would only rest upon the
general principle that a debt may be paid in
the kind of money in which it was contracted.
But public as well as private debts con-
tracted since the legal-tender act do not rest
upon inference but upon the express stipula-
tion in the law; and it is equitable and right
that the United States should avail itself of this
part of the contract.
is the offer to exchange a threat.
Sometimes this bill has been regarded as a
threat. We do not so intend it. We say to the
holder of our demand notes, we say to the holder
of our bonds, we say to the holder of a com-
pound-interest note, we say to the holder of any
public security, except the existing ten-forties,
"We will give each of you, at your option,
this form of security in exchange for that which
you now have; if you accept this offer by the
1st of November next we will give you certain
exemptions; if not, you stand upon your exist-
ing right, and all questions affecting it shall be
postponed until the next session of Congress."
It is said that this is a threat. I do not so
regard it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question, with his permission?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask whether the com-
mittee have provided any alternative in case the
bondholders do not accept?
Mr. SHERMAN. None. Their bonds still
stand, and no one proposes the alternative
adopted by the English Government, which I
intend to refer to in a moment, of stopping the
interest, or the alternative adopted by our own
Government under Hamilton's plan of reduc-
ing the interest. We leave the bondholders
to stand precisely as they are, and they will
be paid their six per cent, interest in gold un-
til their bonds are redeemed, and they cannot
be redeemed under existing laws withoutfurther
legislation, and that legislation will have to be
provided by the present Congress at its next
session or by some future Congress. AH that
the Committee on Finance do in this bill—and,
perhaps, in discussing the other points I have
gone beyond the necessity of the case—is to
offer to all the public creditors these new bond3
in exchange for the old, to be done without
expense to the Government, to be done with-
out sacrifice by any one, leaving every man to
judge for himself whether his interest and sub-
stantial equity would not be promoted by this
exchange. If he docs not do it ho stands by
his bond, and then the next Congress or the
present Congress at its next session will decide
the question whether the redemption of these
bonds shall be postponed to some indefinite
future when we may be able to pay gold for
what we received in depreciated paper. We
do not decide it and do not undertake to decide
it, but we simply submit that option.
Even if Senators do not agree in the view that
I take of this matter, it is necessary to provide
this new loan for this reason : we must provide
for the funding of some one hundred and odd
millions of loan that is maturing; we must pro-
vide for the redemption of the compound-inter-
est notes; we must provide for the conversion of
the greenbacks, which we do in another section;
we must provide some bond into which even the
floating debt may go ; and it is necessary in
making that bond to select, if possible, a bond
into which the whole mass of the public debt
may from time to time be converted according
to our future laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are not those obliga-
tions convertible into five-twenties as the law
now stands ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly ; but would
any Secretary now convert any more of our
currency debt into five-twenty bonds bearing
six per cent, interest in gold? As 1 shall show
hereafter, there is no such burdensome loan
negotiated by any civilized nation in the world
as our live-twenty loan, if it is to bo paid in
gold. Therefore, I would say, in reply to my
friend's question, as I said two years ago, that
I never would issue another five-twenty bond,
because it is the most expensive form of loan.
Just consider it: seventy-six dollars of gold
will buy a five-twenty bond bearing six per
cent, interest in gold, and that bond cannot be
redeemed, according to one construction, until
the United States are ready not only to pay
six per cent, on £100 for the use of seventy-
six dollars, but also to pay $100 in gold for
what now costs seventy-six dollars. That is
the proposition, and I say 1 never would issue
another five-twenty bond. I think our great
mistake has been that we have funded a great
mass of our floating debt already into five-
twenties and given to the public creditors the
right to demand this large rate of interest fur
so long a time.
funding of english debt.
Now, I wish to show, as we are governed in
a great meossre by example, that the proposi-
tion made by the Committee on Finance is in
exact accordance with the course that has been
