1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
40th Cong....2d Sess.-
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
pursued in England six or seven times, and
once in our own country. In England, prior
to 1715, the rate of interest was six per cent.,
which was reduced by an act of Parliament to
five per cent., and without negotiation. In
1725, after the explosion of the South Sea bub-
ble, the rate of interest on the mass of the
public debt was reduced from five per cent, to
four per cent. This was done mainly by nego-
tiation through the great corporations of Lon-
don, the Bank of England, the South Sea
Company, and one of the India companies.
They reduced the interest by issuing four per
cent, annuities in payment of five per cents.,
paying off what were called the dissentients.
In the middle of the eighteenth century the
rate of interest all over Europe became lower
than ever was known before. It fell to three
per cent. In 1737 it waa proposed in England
to reduce the interest on the public debt from
four to three percent. I read now from a well
recognized authority on finance :
" In 1737 the three per cents, being at 1031 to 107 the
House of Commons came to a resolution that all the
public fund, redeemable by law, which carry an in-
terest of four per cent, per annum be redeemed
according to the respective provisos or clauses of re-
demption contained in the acts of Parliament for
that purpose, or be converted into an interest or
annuity not exceeding three per cent, per annum."
This passed the House of Commons two
readings and was lost on the third. In 1742
a similar attempt was made to reduce the rate
of interest, and in 17-10, under the administra-
tion of Mr. Pelham, it was carried into execu-
tion, and we have in Hansard's Debates, and
also in the biography of Mr. Pelham, an exact
account of this transaction. Mr. Pelham was
warned before lie made this proposition of the
effect upon himself, but he persisted in it and
finally carried it through, after quite an ex-
tended argument. His proposition, in short,
was that any holder of any security bearing
four per cent, interest might, within a given
time, present it; not for redemption, but to
receive in exchange a security bearing three
and a half per cent, interest for four or five
years, and after that bearing three per cent,
interest. Nothing was said about redemption ;
but it was understood, no doubt, that in case
holders did not accept it their securities would
be redeemed. The result was an angry debate,
in which it was alleged that this was a violation
of the public faith. I read a note in Hansard's
Debates, taken from Tindal, and also one from
Smollet. Tindal says:
14 This was generally looked upon to be a very bold
measure in the minister, and someof his best friends,
even the day before the voto passed in the House of
Commons, endeavored to, persuade thim against it.
But he appeared determined, and in a few weeks
they approved of his steadiness as much as before they
blamed his obstinacy."
Smollet says:
" The capital measure which distinguished this ses-
sion of Parliament was the reduction of the interest
on the public funds; a schcme which was planned and
executed by the minister, without any national dis-
turbance or disquiet, to the astonishment of all Eu-
rope; the different nations of which could not appre-
hend how it would be possible for the Government,
at the close of a long, expensive war, which had so
considerably drained the country, and augmented the
enormous burden of national debt, to find money for
paying off such of the public creditors as might choose
to rcceive their principal, rather than submit to a
reduction of the interest."
The proposition is given in full in the biog-
raphy of Mr. Pelham. He was then Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer, and I find there his speech
reported at length, in which he goes over the
ground which had been made by the speeches in
opposition, which were very much such as have
been made on this question. It was argued
that, while there was a right to redeem the
public debt, the plan proposed would be sub-
stantially a violation of the public faith. I
read from Mr. Pelham's biography what is
there said on the subject:
"Duly impft%8sed with the importance of his finan-
cial plan, Mr. Pelham suffered no avoidable delay to
intervene before he submitted it to tho House. By
this promptitude he manifested the decision of a
great minister, for the proposal was at first so un-
popular or so little understood that even on the very
day before the resolutions were brought forward
some of his friends endeavored to dissuade him from
his purpose; but their remonstrances were ineffectual.
He persevered in his determination, and the event
fully justified his expectations. On the 28th of No-
vember a motion was made for a committee of the
whole House, to take that part of his majesty's speech
into consideration which related to the national debt.
Tho expediency of reducing the interest had been so
clearly demonstrated by Mr. Pelham, that his plan
was unanimously approved."
The great corporations which had aided in
the former reduction in the interest of the public
debt combined against it, and for two years
defeated it. The House of Commons was firm
and threatened to repeal some of their privi-
leges, and finally compelled them to acquiesce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask my
friend what the character of the security was
that it was proposed to reduce the rate of in-
terest upon. Was there any time >vithin which
the Government might redeem it?
Mr. SHERMAN. These were annuities.
There was no stipulation as to redemption.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely. They differ
from our securities. It was not a question
there as to the right to redeem. There is no
doubt about our right to redeem.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no doubt about
our right to redeem; but the question is as to
the mode of redemption.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no such
question in that case, and hence, I suppose, the
ground of opposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a still more
interesting case, and one more applicable to
our present condition, which occurred in Eng-
land in 1822. During the wars which probably
tested the power of England more than any
event in her history—her wars with Napo-
leon—she was compelled to resort to great
sacrifices. She issued all manner of securi-
ties ; she sold her bonds at one time at fifty or
sixty cents on the dollar ; she issued five per
cents., four per cents., and three per cents.,
and all other forms of security. After the war
was over, before the resumption of specie pay-
ments, Mr. Vansittart, then Chancellor of the
Exchequer, proposed to fund the public debt
by a proposition very similar in language to
the one submitted now by the Committee 011
Finance. The great mass of their floating
debt consisted of five per cent, exchequer
bills—navy bills, as they were commonly
called—which were very much such bills as
our five-twenty bonds. They bore five per cent,
interest. Mr. Vansittart introduced liis bill on
the 25th of February, 1822; and we have the
whole debate in Hansard. Ilis proposition is
in substance like our own. It simply declared
that the holders of those five per cent, bills
might present them at such a time for exchange
for a four per cent, annuity. If they did not
present their securities their assent was im-
plied. There was some opposition to the
measure. It was alleged to be a violation of
the public faith ; it was before specie payments
were resumed in England, when all payments
were made in Bank of England notes. It was
finally carried, after debate, and acquiesced in.
His funding bill had this feature : it only pro-
posed a reduction of interest of one half per
cent, for the first five years, and then a reduc-
tion of one per cent. He proposed a reduc-
tion to four and a half per cent, until 1828,
and then a reduction to four per cent. In this
way the navy fives, as they were called, the
great mass of the English floating indebted-
ness, were funded. One gentleman, opposing
it, said he would like to ask the honorable
gentleman how, with an impoverished treasury,
&c., he was going to pay off £142.500,000. It
is the same objection we hear here. The
answer was that it took a very small amount
of currency to pay a very large amount of debt,
and if the present holders would not make the
exchange others would be found to furnish the
money to pay them olF. The plan was carried
into execution and was acquiesced in; and this
very debt which was reduced in 1822 and 1828
was afterward twice reduced, and is now part
of the three per cent, debt of England.
There is also one ease in our own history, and
that is the funding system adopted by Alexan-
der Hamilton. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States declared that the public debt of the
United States should be inviolate, and the
new Government assumed the debt of the old
confederacy; but, as a matter of course, it was
in a condition of great uncertainty; the interest
had been unpaid for a long time, and there
were disputes as to the amount. Alexander
Hamilton, as first Secretary of the Treasury,
proposed a plan of funding and grouping to-
gether all this mass of indebtedness. His
report on the public credit was regarded by his
friends, and has been regarded by the whole
world, as a remarkable production; and yet,
what was Alexander Hamilton's funding plan?
He proposed first, to ascertain the amount of
the national debt, which was finally computed
to be and was settled at $54,000,000, foreign
and domestic. Did he propose to pay that off
in precise-conformity with the terms on which
the debt was contracted? Not at all; he took
that and he also ascertained the amount of the
State debts? Nearly all the States were over-
whelmed with debts that grew out of the revo-
lutionary war, and they were ascertained and
apportioned ; the general aggregate of all was
$74,000,000. How was this funded ? By offer-
ing the fundholders six per cent, bonds for
two thirds of their debt, and the other third was
paid by three per cent, bonds, some of it by
four per cent, bonds, some of it. by public lands,
and some of it by annuities. The plan of Al-
exander Hamilton embraced various forms of
loan, all of which was submitted to the volun-
tary will of the fundholders. Some of them
refused to agree. What did he do then ? He
only paid them in accordance with the stipula-
tions made as to the rest of the loans. I will
read a short paragraph or two from this docu-
ment of Mr. Hamilton to show how he regarded
the public debt:
"The interesting problem now occurs: is it in tho
power of the United States, consistently with those
prudential considerations which ought not to be
overlooked, to moke a provision equal to the purpose
of funding the whole debt, at the rates of interest
which it now bears, in addition to the sum which will
be necessary for tho current service of the Govern-
ment?
"Tho Secretary will not say that such a provision
would cxeeed tho abilities of the country; hut he is
clearly of opinion that to make it would require tho
extension of taxation to a desree^ and to objects
which the true interests of the public creditors for-
bids. It is therefore to be hoped, and even to bo
expected, that they will cheerfully concur in such
modifications of their claims, on fair and equitablo
principles, as will facilitate to the Government an
arrangement substantial, durable, and satisfactory
to the community. The importance of the lastchar-
acteristic will strike every discerning mind. Noplan,
however flattering in appearance, to which it did not
belong, could be truly entitled to eoufidencc."
Then his first proposition was "that for
every hundred dollais subscribed payable in
the debt, (as well interest as principal,) the
subscriber be entitled at his option either to
have two thirds funded at an annuity or yearly
interest of six per cent.." the residue to be
paid in three per cent, annuities, the interest
on which did not commence till 1802. As an
alternative for a part of the debt he proposed
a system of annuities in which a small portion
of the debt was finally paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What provision did he
make for those who did not agree to the offer?
Mr. SHERMAN. He merely provided for
four per cent, interest to be paid to them, two
per cent, less than they were entitled tounder
the law creating the debt. After speaking of
those who might refuse the offer he proceeds
to say:
"Hence, whatever surplus of revenue might re-
main, after satisfying the interest of the new loans,
and the demand for the current seiviec. ought to be
divided anions tho^e creditois (if nnvJ Y  • u0^
think lit to subscribe to them. But, lor this puipose,
under the circumstance of dependmp; prinKi^itiojis, a
temporary appropriation will bo most advi?u.olc, and
