1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
ber of every confederate congress which met
during any of the years of the rebellion. That
certainly never could have been the intention
of the makers of that law ; the law was made
expressly to prevent that result. If Mr. Butler
has not held a civil office under a government
or pretended government in hostility to the
United States, then no one of the members of
any of the rebel Legislatures has held such an
office; no member of the confederate congress
has held such an office. I cannot admit any
such construction of this act. I believe it was
intended to and ought to exclude from its Halls
every man who has been a member of a rebel
Legislature or of the rebel congress, unless the
disability is removed in the manner pointed out
in this fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. This case of
Mr. Butler, it seems to me, is a case which com-
mends itself to Congress. And I think we ought
to remove the disability in the manner pointed
out in that article of amendment to the Consti-
tution. If that article is ever to be executed
you certainly cannot find a stronger case to which
to ajjply it than the one now under consideration.
I suppose you will never find another case where
a man is technically within the purview of the
act of 1862, and yet who has been a loyal man
from beginning to end of the rebellion, who
has suffered for the Union, who has suffered
for his loyalty, who has fought 1'or his country,
and who has been impoverished in her service.
I submit that if there be any case which can
commend itself to the favorable consideration
of this House as coming within that article of
amendment, this is such a ease. And if there
could ever arise any ease where the disabilities
imposed by the law should be removed by a
two-thirds vote of each House, I think they
should be removed in this case.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] seems to be making a
very impressive speech. As there is not a
quorum present, and 1 am sure he does not de-
su-e to waste his sweetness upon the desert air,
1 will move an adjournment, if he will yield.
Mr. COOK. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
for his kindness and consideration. But I am
willing to make my speech to those who are
here. Perhaps I may convince my friend from
Wisconsin if I can concentrate my remarks on
him alone.
Mr. ELDRIDGJ3. I am convinced now,
and would get rid of the whole oath, if I could.
Mr. COOK. I would not. The difference
between us is I would admit only loyal men.
I have not much more to say. I have endeav-
ored to showthat under this third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution we
should pass this general law ; such a law must
be passed if any effect is to be given to the last
clause of that article. And then I insist that
this case is one in which it is eminently fit and
proper that an act should be passed by a vote of
two thirds of each House of Congress removing
the technical disability from Mr. Butler. I
submit to honorable gentlemen who are op-
posed utterly to letting down this test-oath, that
in this way we do not let down the requirements
of the test-oath act. We certainly abandon no
position which we ought to occupy when we
simply execute this fourteenth article of the
Constitution, which was our own act.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield'to my colleague,
[Mr. Baker.]
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, having said
something in a general way endeavoring to
show that Mr. Butler, with the record which
he has made, ought in some proper way to be
admitted to a seat, I now take the floor for the
purpose of expressing my ideas somewhat
mere fully. But, before doing so. I will yield
to my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not.
propose to enter into the argument which is
being submitted here in relation to the very
interesting question which we have before us.
I lise rather for the purpose of protesting
against tin: resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections, and declaring that under
no circumstances can I bring my mind to con-
sent to vote for such a resolution. And, while
I will not do that, I will add that there does
not at present occur to me any better method
of maintaining at the same time our consist-
ency and the law, and yet not doing injustice
to a meritorious and loyal man, than to follow
something like the course proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.] We had
an attempt made in the last Congress to " let
down," as it is termed, this oath of office to
meet the case of some one who, from his
position, could not consistently or conscien-
tiously, as it was then supposed, take the oath.
That was in the case of Judge Patterson, a
Senator from Tennessee. The Senate passed
an act or resolution for his relief and to meet
his particular case—a resolution in substance
the same as that which is now proposed by the
Committee of Elections of this House. The
House, by a most emphatic vote, refused to
concur in that resolution.
We did not enter into the question of Judge
Patterson's merits or demerits, his loyally or
disloyalty, his capacity or incapacity, his will-
llingness or unwillingness to take the oath.
We placed ourselves upon the high ground
that here was a general law providing an oath
to be taken by all persons who should fill offices
of trust under the Government of the United
States, and that while it was expedient to keep
up sueh a guard as this it was inexpedient to
open the least crevasse in it through which
waters of bitterness and trouble might come.
I am disposed to maintain that position still.
If we do not maintain it what do we do ? What
is, in plain English, the proposition made now,
as it was made then, in the case of Judge Pat-
terson? It is that the test-oath law shall be
amended, so that, instead of reading as it now
stands upon the statute-book a different ver-
sion shall virtually be given to it. Every per-
son presenting himself to take a seat as a
member of this House is required in the first
place to take the ordinary oath, "I do sol-
emnly swear or affirm (as the case may be)
that I will support the Constitution of the
United Slates." By the act of July 2, 1802,
there was prescribed a further oath to be taken,
not only by each member of the House, but by
eveiy person holding office or trust under the
Government of the United States. This addi-
tional oath was intended to embody in its pro-
visions a greater security against the Govern-
ment passing by any possibility into the hands
of those who had been hostile or inimical to
it until Congress should think proper to inter-
vene in some way by general enactment and
aid those who might be in such a predicament
as to be unable truthfully to take this oath.
Now, look at the language of that law. It
requires—•
"That every person elccted or appointed to any
office of honor or profit under the Government of the
United States, cither in the civil, miiitaiy, or naval
departments of the public service, excepting the
JPiesidcnt of the United States, shall, before entering
upon the duties of such otlice, and bclorc being enti-
tled to any of the salary orether emoluments thereof,
take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation:
'I, A 13, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never volunta.nl> borne arms against the United
States since I have been a eiti/.en thereof; that f have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or
encouragement to persons engaged m aimed hostil-
ity thereto ; that I have neither sought nor accepted
nor attempted to exercise the functions of any office
whatever, under any aut hoi ii.y or pretended author-
ity, m hostility to the United states; that. I havonot
yielded a voluntary support to any pietended gov-
ernment, authority, power or constitution within the
United States hostile or inimical thereto. And I
do further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my
knowledge or ability, I will support and defend the
Constitution of the United States againstall enemies,
foreign and domestic ; that t will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or puiposeof
evasion; and that I will well ami faithfully discharge
the duties ot the office on which 1 am about to enter.
So help mo Clod.-' "
What do gentlemen propose when they bring
in resolutions like this now before us? They
propose to alter the phraseology of that law
and make it read thus;
"That every person elected or appointed to any
offieo of honor or profit under the Government of the
United States, either in the civil, military, or naval
departments of the public service, excepting the
President of the United States, aud excepting such
persons as Congress may consider to have behaved
so well that they do not need to take the oath herein
prescribed, shall, before entering upon the duties of
such office, take and subscribe the following oath or
affirmation,'' &e.
It cannot mean anything else.
Now, then, I am unwilling so to amend our
law by giving a precedent which may be argued
virtually into that change in its phraseology,
but I would stick to the law as it is.
What is the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook?] That, instead of
letting down this law, we shall by general
enactment provide those shall be relieved, who
ever they may be, without reference to Judge
Butler or any other one, who shall satisfy the
House, so by solemn enactment, in which two
thirds of the House shall concur with two thirds
of the Senate of the United States, that the
disabilities arising from connection with this
rebellion shall cease and be removed. There
seems to be safety in that; there seems to be a
provision upon which we might rely as a gen-
eral provision which does not open the law
itself in particular cases to be abused, and to
furnish a sluice-way through which the waters
may run and overwhelm us hereafter, and
therefore I prefer that arrangement.
Now, sir, these remarks I have made with
no reference to the particular case of J udge
Butler. I am satisfied, from all that has come
to us from the committee, from all I hear or
know, ho is a man whose loyalty may be taken
as pure and unsuspected. But, then, there are
others of us here who hope our loyalty has
been just as well defined. We take that oath.
We meet the geneial requisition of the law,
whatever we may have done, according to our
ability, or tried to do, in this time of trial of our
country, aud it is not too much to expect, come
from what quarter, north, south, east or west,
every man shall submit to that general rule
until that general rule itself, by some equally
general provision, shall be remitted, or an open-
ing made so the remedy shall reach the ease of
particular persons who are solemnly decided to
have their disability removed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know how
the gentleman from Ohio closes up, as he calls
it, the crevasse in the oath in the present law
by the mere declaration that we will in the
future let all persons in who come within said
rule? I would like to know, when we have
such special cases he proposes to let in under a
general law, what difference it makes?
Mr. SCHENCK. It makes this differ-
ence 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let me give you my idea.
If I understand the gentleman, he proposes
first to put upon the statute-book a law which
will be a mere declaration of our future pur-
pose in all such cases, and afterward to take
up Judge Butler's case and pass it, and if any-
body else comes to take up his ease and pass
it. Now, it seems to me, the oath will be
broken down as much as if we had never made
the general declaration adverlising what we will
do for all time to come, but which nobody is
bound by. The other takes up thecase without
any prior legislation oi advertisement to pass it.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, in the first
place the gentleman from Pennsylvania him-
self concedes my position. I am not so much
arguing for what is proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois as I am protesting against that
which is proposed by the Committee of Elec-
tions : but as it occurs to me there is a provision
here which may be wrought out into some-
thing. If it is not specific enough in itself it
will afford relief in deserving cases which I am
unwilling to afford by giving special action in
every case asitoecurs. Now, then, the gentle-
man asks me whether thatis notspeciai action as
well as this? In one sense it is ; but the security
we have in the first place is one who presents
himself in conformity to regular statute which
has already been passed and become the law
of the land by solemn enactment, and not in
the spirit of a private bill or claim in this pai-
ticular case to be considered. In the next
