186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sher?naii.
40th Cons....2d Sess.
the sum must be limited to four per cent., as therev-
' euuea will only be calculated to pioduce iu that pro-
portion to the entire debt.
" The Secretary confides for the success of the prop-
ositions to be made on the goodness of the reason
upon which they rest; on the iairness ol tho equiva-
lent to be offered in each ease; on the discernment
of the creditors of their true interest; and on their
disposition to facilitate the airaugeuient of the Gov-
ernment, and to render them satisfactory to the
community."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Four per cent, on the
principal.
Mr. SHERMAN. But their debts bore six
percent, realty. Subsequently the dissentients
came in, butit was after three years, when, by
a subsequent law proposed by Mr. Hamilton,
they were allowed the same privileges as if they
had assented in the first year. That was the
plan of Alexander Hamili Ion, which finally led
to the consolidation of the national debt. 1
say the plan now proposed by the Committee
on Finance is in accordance with precedent,
holds out no threats, deals with all alike,
holders of five-twenty bonds, greenbacks, and
all. It gives them a proposition to fund their
debt at their own option by the 1st of Novem-
ber next, or if they will not choose to do it,
then, as a matter of course, the question is to
be decided at the next session of Congress,
what provision ought to be made, whether or
not Congress will redeem the five-twenty bonds
in the currency in which they were contractcd
or postpone its redemption, paying the interest
at six per cent, in gold, until we can redeem the
principal in gold. Whatever view Senators
may take of this, they cannot avoid making some
provision by some loan less onerous than five-
twenties for funding the greenbacks and for
funding the floating debt of the United States ;
and into that loan, whatever it may be, the
■whole debt may eventually float.
TEEMS 01' THE NEW LOAN.
Now, Mr. President, the question is whether
the terms of the proposed loan are reasonable
and fair, such as we ought to propose to our
own citizens, and such as our constituents may
reasonably hope to fulfill, such as are equitable
and fair as between creditor and tax-payer.
The first question that arises is the exemption
from State taxation.
No Government that I have been able to find
ever allowed its bonds or securities to be taxed.
The United States never did. In the absence
of stipulations to the contrary the courts have
alwajs held that no State or subordinate au-
thority could tax the national securities. It
has been so held by every judge who ever sat
upon tiie supreme bench, because it has hap-
pened that cases of the kind were biought be-
fore tho courts from time to time fiotn the
earliest foundation of the Government until
the last case in 2 Black, in 18G2, and it has
been uniformly held that there is no power in
the States to tax Government bonds. It may,
it is true, be made a part of the loan that the
States shall have a power to tax them, but who
would buy such bonds? T never would vote
for such a provision. I never would allow a
subordinate authorit}' to thus control the pub-
lic credit of the United States or have a voice
in the matter. The effect in time of war would
be disastrous. Such a power would prevent
the citizens of a State where the power was
exercisedfrom loaning money upon Government
securities. 1 take it, therefore, as an axiom,
that in no event shall we allow subordinate
authorities to tax the national securities. I
need not refer to the authorities on this sub-
ject. I have done that before, and I suppose
tliat Senators are familiar with them. There
are at least five or six different decisions of the
Supreme Court to this effect.
The next provision is the exemption from
any discriminating property tax. Men who
do not understand the question have proposed
to tax Government securities specially, like a
special tax on manufactures; and the proposi-
tion has been, perhaps, broached in Congress to
tax Government securities one or two percent.
in lieu of all other taxes. Such a provision
would be a clear and palpable violation of the
Constitution and of the law. It would be worse
than repudiation; it would be the meanest kind
of repudiation. Why? Because it would be a
special discriminating tax on property. A tax
on manufactures is a tax on consumption. The
manufacturer may add that tax to the cost of
the article, and the consumer who finally uses
the article pays the tax. That is the principle
upon which it rests. A special tax on property
is a diminution of the property. It cannot
be collected from any one else or shared with
any one. It is a direct tax—as much to as if
levied on farms—and being a direct tax is
unconstitutional, unless apportioned among the
States according to population.
One of the earliest eases which came before
the Supreme Court was the well-known ease
involving a tax on carriages. There the court
held that it was the use of the carriage which
was taxed, and that was a proper tax, because
it was a tax on the use of a luxury. It was the
enjoyment or use of the carriage that was taxed,
not the property in the carriage. No special
tax can be levied on property. If this principle
once prevailed, that we might selectany kind of
property and levy a discriminating tax oil that
property, the time might come when shipping
might be selected as the subject of a special
tax; when property in lands, plainly against the
intention of the Constitution, might be selected
for the levying of a discriminating tax. We
propose, therefore, to avoid all controversy, to
put a stipulation in the new loan law exempt-
ing these bonds fi oin all discriminating taxation
by Congress, but leaving them subject to the
same income tax that other income is subject to.
This question was once presented in the
English Parliament; and it is a little remark-
able that as early as 1721 a proposition was
made to levy a tax of one per cent, on Gov-
ernmentsecurities. That was before tho second
reduction of interest I have referred to. A
remarkable pamphlet then appeared on the
subject, the writer of which, to this hour, is
unknown; or, at least, it is disputed who wrote
it. This secrecy is as remarkable as the author-
ship of the Junius papers. It was a pamphlet
On the inviolability of the public securities,
which attracted so much attention as utterly
to defeat the proposition. It is preserved now,
and is regarded as one of the most remarka-
ble and beautiful productions in the English
language. It answers now, as well as then,
the argument for taxing public securities.
From that time to this in England it has never
been proposed. It has not heretofore been
proposed in this country, and it ought not to
be thought of.
AS TO THE KATE OF INTEREST
There is some difference of opinion; and
you will hear more of it from my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Huxdehsox] as to the rate of
interest of the new bonds. The Committee on
Finance took great care in deciding this ques-
tion. We believed that five per cent, was as
low a rate as wo could now hope to negotiate
a loan. It is the lowest rate of interest ever
provided for in any loan act of the United
States, except in the funding scheme of Alex-
ander Hamilton, already referred to, where a
certain portion of the debt was funded at three
per cent. 1 have looked with care into recent,
foreign loans, and I find that no Government
in Europe has recently sold its bonds at a less
rate of interest than five per cent. When the
nominal rate was lower they were sold at a dis-
count. The English loans, during the Napo-
leonic war, yielded the lender a rate of inter-
est averaging over five per cent. I have on
that subject a number of authorities, and I
will refer to one or two of them.
In tho compendium of finance which I have
before me there is a statement of the amount
of the various loans negotiated by the English
Government during the second French revolu-
tionary war. 'The whole amount of loans ne-
gotiated was £420,905,400 sterling, or over two
thousand million dollars. The amount actually
received from those loans by the Government
was £200,800,000 sterling, or at the rate of
about sixty per cent. The securities were
mainly three per cents, though large sums bore
four and five per cent., so that the rate of in-
terest actually paid was over five per cent.
In 1815, after Bonaparte had left the island of
Elba, when it became necessary for the English
Governmentto negotiate a large loan, they sold
£66,000,000 of three and four per cent, consols
for £30.000,000 sterling, or aboutfiftj-six cents
on the dollar. I have astatementof the whole
national debt of Great Britain, and it is appa-
rent from it that the English Government has
paid at the rate of about five per cent, interest.
As a matter of course, this has been done by
selling their three and four per cent, securities
below par.
So it is in France. We have all heard about
the popular loan in France during the Crimean
war, and it was regarded as a remarkable suc-
cess in its time. It was undoubtedly very
popular in France. The first loan, on the 14th
of March, 185-1, was for 250,000,000 francs.
It was sold at the rate of 100 francs of three
per cents, for sixty-five francs and twenty-five
centimes, and at the rate of 100 francs at four
and a half per cent, for ninety-two francs and
fifty centimes, making really a little over five
per cent. So the second loan of 500,000,000
francs was issued at the rate of 100 francs of
the three per cents, for sixty-five francs, 100
francs of the four and a half per cents, for
ninety-two francs. So the subsequent loan of
750,00u,000 francs in 1850 was issued at about
the same rate, being a little over five per cent.
I have also a statement of the debts of
various foreign countries showing that the
rates of the most powerful nations of Europe
are nearl}- al wa) s five percent, or, if less, have
been sold under par. When we reflect that
in this country the rate of interest is neces-
sarily higher than iu most of the countries of
Europe, this being a new country, with a vast
development, and active population increas-
ing rapidly all over our diversified area, it is
perfectly idle to suppose that the United States
can get money at a less rate than five per cent.
The ordinary legal rate of interest in most of
the States is seven per cent., and the actual rate
among merchants often amounts to ten per
cent. We have by the. discrimination made in
favor of these bonds reduced the rate to five
per cent., and it seems to me that is as low as
it is possible to negotiate this loan. As a mat-
ter of course, if I believed it was in the power
of the Government without adopting measures
injurious to tho public interest to negotiate a
bond at a less rate of interest, I would gladly
do it; but after full examination of this ques-
tion the Committee on F'inance came to the
conclusion that five per cent, was as low a rate
of interest as the loan could be negotiated.
There are various reasons why the rate of
interest all over the world is now higher than
it was one hundred years ago. The artificial
wants of society have been veiy much increased.
We have railroads and steamboats and tele-
graphs, vast avenues and sources and demands
for wealth and capital that one hundred years
ago Benjamin Franklin and Doctor Johnson
never thought of. The railroads in this country
at this time are worth more than all the country
was worth at the time of the revolutionary war.
Ail these new elements of social progress make
demands for money, and therefore raise the
rate of interest. There is another remarkable
fact which causes a general advance of the rate
of interest all over the world in this as com-
pared with the last century, and that is the vast
addition made to the coinage of the world.
I he discovery of gold and silver bos caused an
advance in the rate of interest. Why? Because
every man who loans money now. especially on
lor)"' tune, know,-, that, he will be paid off at the
end oi the period in a commodity with less
