302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
amount of United States bonds it was neces-
sary to export $32,010,000; making a total of
$-51,100,000 exports to pay for $238,745,000
imports.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I dislike to interrupt
the honorable Senator, but it seems to me he
is going into a discussion of the main question,
which, under the rules of the Senate, is not
allowed on a mere motion to postpone one order
of business to take up another. I do not desire
to interrupt the Senator, but I think it would
be better for us to determine whether we are
to go on with the discussion of this question or
take up some other subject before we enter into
a general debate.
Air. SHERMAN. The Senator who made
the motion to postpone is not present, and I
hope the Senator from Oregon will be allowed
to go on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Oregon is friendly to this bill to repeal
the cotton tax, and I suggest to the friends of
that measure that it is very desirable to come
to a vote.
Mr. CORBETT. I have but a few statistics
that I desire to present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Indi-
ana, who submitted the pending motion, is not
in the Chamber, and we may just as well go on
with this discussion now. No time is lost
by it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon will proceed.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, sir, let us see what
the amount of the exports of products and Uni-
ted States stocks was in the following two years.
In 1866 the export of cotton jumped from the
previous year $3,300,000 to $199,500,000. We
exported in other merchandise $130,468,000;
in gold, $75,343,000; in United States bonds,
$41,888,000; making a total of $447,199,000
exports to pay for $434,812,000 imports. In
1867 we exported in cotton, $143,900,000 ; in
assorted merchandise, $135,457,000; in gold,
$38,710,000—the exportation of gold decreased
that year—and in Lnited States stocks, $89,-
870,000; making a total of $407,943,000 of
exports to pay for $389,968,000 of imports.
We went in debt, for which we gave our
United States bonds, in 1864, when we shipped
but little cotton, $227,461,000^ and we received
from customs in that year $102,316,000. In
1865, when we shipped but little cotton, we
exported $32,610,000 in United States bonds,
an d our receipts from customs were $84,928,000.
The amount that we now owe for the years 1864
and 1865 to foreign Governments is $260,071,-
000, and our receipts from customs for those
two years were $187,244,000.
Now, let us see how the account stands for
the next two years, when we shipped a large
amount of cotton. In 1866, when we shipped
the large amount of cotton, $199,500,000, we
exported $41,888,000 of United States bonds,
and received in customs the enormous amount
of$179,046,000. Ourcustomsreceiptsdoubled
in consequence of the shipment of this large
amount of cotton. In 1867, when we shipped
the large amount of $143,900,000 of cotton, we
exported $89,876,000 in United States bonds,
and the customs receipts during the year
amounted to $170,417,000. The amount that
we now owe for these last two years when we
shipped this large amount of cotton is $131,-
764,000 as compared with $260,071,000 for the
two previous years when we shipped but a
small amount of cotton; and .our customs
receipts for the last two years amount to
$355,463,000 as compared with $187,244,000
in the two previous years when we shipped but
little cotton—nearly double.
Thus it will be seen that this question has an
important bearing upon the financial interests
of this country. We must have the amount of
gold received from customs to pay the interest
on the public debt, and if we ship a large
amount of cotton we shall import a large
amount of goods in exchange for that cotton,
from which we shall receive a large sum iu
customs. Our exports of southern products
sow amount, including cotton, lumber, naval
stores, tobacco, rice, sugar, &c., to about sev-
enty per cent, of all our exports, and our ex-
ports to England amount to fifty-five per cent,
of all our exportations to foreign countries.
From this it will be seen how important it is
to keep the trade of England for this cotton.
But, sir, if you refuse to take off this tax you
will drive these people from the cultivation of
cotton; you will decrease your exports and
consequently decrease your imports and your
receipts from customs on imports. Force the
South to raise bacon, corn, and wheat, and
where is your market- for the vast productions
of the West? During the war you had a large
army to feed. Now that vast army are pro-
ducers instead of consumers. The West and
the manufacturers of the East want the South
as customers and want their cotton to ship
abroad to buy the necessaries in some cases,
but oftener, it is true, the luxuries of life, and
the Government wants the gold duties on these
imports to pay the interest on our debt. Thus
our interest is mutual. Our productions are
varied and rich, and when properly guarded
and protected can be made to redound to the
interest of all parts of the country alike. We
must not forget that during the war we were
flourishing upon an accumulating national
debt, and no section of the country can expect
to be free from the pressure since we are now
stopped short and are looking around for the
means to pay our debt at home and keep our
credit untarnished abroad.
Mr. President, relieve this people from this
tax and you stimulate exportation to four times
the tax you collect on the cotton. Does it not
give us just so much available means with
which to pay our debts abroad? I look upon
it purely in a financial point of view. Strike
down this cotton production, and you strike the
western producer and the eastern manufac-
turer. You will then hear the angry thunder
from the West and a louder cry^for employ-
ment in the East, financial loss in the commer-
cial cities, a consequent reduction on incomc
tax, involving a probable loss to the Govern-
ment within twelve months of $75,000,000. I
trust we may be wise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance desires our instant action
on this bill, because, as he asserts, this tax is
oppressive ; and I do not know but that his
words will resound throughout the country so
far that the South will come to believe it. It
is iterated and reiterated here so often that this
commodity pays a tax of twenty-five per cent,
that I do not know but that growers will come
to the same conclusion, and that it all comes
out of them. What are the facts? Middling
upland cotton commands a price to-day in Liv-
erpool of seven and a half pence, which is
fifteen cents a pound, and that in gold 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
what it is worth in the place where the planter
has to pay the tax ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will get
through with my calculation, and then the gen-
tleman may reply to me.
That is the price it brings in gold ; and it is
the equivalent here of twenty cents per pound
or, reckoning exchange, to rather more than
that; and we tax it two and a half-cents per
pound in currency. Howgentlemen figure it out
that that is twenty-five per cent. I should like
to understand. Those are the facts, and they
are indisputable.
Now, sir, let me mention another thing in
relation to this great "oppression." The fact
is that cotton brings more per pound to-day,
deducting the tax, than it brought in 1860 or
1858 or 1859. Where then is the oppression ?
If for three bales, after the surrender of one for
taxes, they get more than they would for four
untaxed who is hurt? They are receiving more
for their cotton to-day, after paying their tax,
than they ever received before.
Mr. FOWLER. What wa3 the price in
1860? F
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Five and
three quarter pence.
Sir, I think I have heretofore exhibited the
fact to the Senate that from 1823 up to the
present time, by our reports on commerce and
navigation, invariably, whenever they had a
moderate crop they got far more for it than
when they had an excessive crop. If the result
shall follow which the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance expects (a very
largely-increased crop) from the taking off of
this tax, he will reduce the price and value of
all the cotton they raise. That maybe oppres-
sion or it may not be. In my judgment it
would be unwise.
We are urged to consider this subject at once,
i Why need there be any haste about it ? It is
1 not pretended that cotton-growers want to
begin to cultivate their land before February
or March. Ere that time the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue will have made his
report, and I understand that the Committee of
Ways and Means in the House are diligently
at their work, and that early upon the reas-
sembling of Congress after the recess we shall
i have this subject brought before us. Then we
; can survey the whole field. If there is any
j "oppression" in the South, is there not
! oppression of a like character in the North, in
\ the West, and in the East? Are there any
! industries there that are not languishing at
1 the present moment? Every dollar that is
paid on manufactures to-day comes out of the
manufacturer. Every pound of wool that is
sold is sold at a loss. Ships are makiog no
money. There is no escape from this general
depression. Why are we not, then, permitted
to consider^ the oppression in the North, in
the East, and in the West, as well as at the
South, all at the same time, united and together?
1 I think it is right that we should do that, and
' not single out any class for unusual and pecu-
liar favor.
i There is one other point which has been
referred to in the course of this debate, to
which I desire to allude while I am on the
floor; and that is in regard to the injustice of,
allowing a drawback on the manufacture of
cotton. If we could manufacture the whole
of this cotton in this country, as it seems to me
we could by the continuance of that policy,
would there be any man in the United States
unwilling to yield up the amount of the entire
tax for the sake of the great gains and profits
andbenefitsresultingto this country in employ-
ing so large a share of labor in turning that
cotton into manufactures, and sendingit abroad
doubled in value? Is there any objection to
doubling the value of the exports of the South?
WThy should we be unwilling to allow these
people an opportunity to double their exports?
I think it can be done. We allow the draw-
back on the manufactured article in order to
find a foreign market and to keep our people at
work. Do we not allow it in all other instances
of manufacture? If foreigners thereby get our
cotton manufactures at cheaper rates than our
own people do they not. get whisky, tobacco,
and petroleum also cheaper?
We had up early a kindred subject about
which I think we made a sad mistake, and that
was the subject of petroleum. We first levied
a duty on the crude petroleum and then on the
refined; and we allowed a drawback in both
instances. In my judgment it was a great mis-
take. We have a monopoly of that article.
If we had levied a duty upon the crude article
and also on the manufactured, and allowed a
drawback on the manufactured article the same
as we do upon cotton, we should have largely
increased our revenues ; and we should have
benefited our own country, because we should
have allowed our own people to refine all that
is now consumed abroad, and the quantity is
immense.
Mr. President, in my judgment it will be far
better for us to postpone this proposition to
repeal the tax on cotton and allow gentlemen
to mingle a little with their constituents dur-
ing the recess. I have no fears in relation to
allowing gentlemen to go home and consult
with their people. Let them say whether they
will surrender entirely this tax on cotton, and
