1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5
place, he cannot be put. in tlie category of those
who would have the benefit of this general
statute, except there be thrown around his case
the farther and additional security that he can-
not be put upon the list of the exempt until
there has been not only a solemn enactment of
law within which he may come, but a solemn
enactment in his particular ease requiring the
concurrence of two thirds of both branches of
the Legislature. That, I think, affords much
greater security.
Mr. BAKER made a few remarks, for which
see Appendix.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have never
como to a fresh consideration of this case from
the day when it was first presented without
remembering the first remark made to me after
I took my seat on the bench. I went there a
very young man to sit beside a learned and
able judge, who had been there from the time
I was six years old, and after congratulat-
ing me his first remark was: "Now, bear
one general fact in mind ; it will be as useful
to you as all your law studies in eases where
pympathy or sentiment is appealed to; it is
that good cases make bad precedents." There
never was, sir, a better case presented to the
feelings and to the noblest sentiments of a
deliberative body than that of the gentleman
upon whose claims to a seat we are now pass-
ing. Yet, should we admit him under the res-
olution submitted by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, we will make a precedent
that may prove to be embarrassing and danger-
ous. I accept more largely the doctrines stated
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chan-
leu] to-day when discussing the inducements
Mr. Butler had to enter the rebel Legislature
of Tennessee than any I have ever heard him
utter. I have studied the story of the claim-
ants action there, and, whatever we may have
been doing for Union men, he stands our peer
in encountering dangers in their behalf and in
devotion to their interests. When time came
that he could throw off disguise he asked and
obtained from General Burnside authority to
raise a regiment of soldiers for our service, and
his record thenceforth is not only untarnished
but brilliant. If he be not a fire-tried patriot,
then there is not one in this House. And
yet, sir, he committed that act which renders
it impossible to admit hjm under the oath we
have provided as an essential prerequisite to
the admission of.members.
Now, sir, it is evident that we must soon
provide for cases like this by a general policy,
and we may as well establish it in his case as
at a later day. The fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution provides for the removal of
disabilities incurred during the rebellion by the
votes of two thirds of the members of both
Houses. Let us make his the first, case under
that provision. Let us remove his disability,
and do it at once. That having been done, or
being to be done in a large class of cases, a
new oath must be adopted—one that shall be
prospective and not retrospective, and shall
meet the case of those whose disabilities shall
have been removed. Let that oath be now
framed, and let Mr. Butler's disabilities be
removed, and be the tirst to whom it shall be
administered, llis case will not then bo ex-
ceptional or be set up as an embarrassing pre-
cedent, for we will admit him under a system
of constitutional and legal provisions made
and provided for just such cases. And, sir,
such action will not fail to have a good effect
upon the South. For Congress to send a tried
patriot like Mr. Butier back rejected would be
to discourage and dishearten every man who
may, under any circumstances, have really or
apparently swerved from his devotion to the
country; while the fact that Congress has pro-
vided means by which those who repent of
past transgressions and do works meet for re-
pentance may be again accepted into citizen-
ship, with a way opened to them to the honors
of the country, sail not fail to strengthen and
encourage many who, thus inspired, will be
useful citizens, but who, without such inspira-
tion, will drag life through wearily, without
pleasure to themselves or advantage to their
country. I therefore, without committing
myself to its precise phraseology, favor the
proposition of the gent Irmau from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook.] Wo will thus make this case memor-
able by making it one in which we shaped a
wise system of laws for carrying into effect the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution. ,
Mr. HARDING. I do not design to weary
the patience of the House ; I think it must be
nearly exhausted with this subject. It lias
been considered for a day or two in the most
favorable light in which it can be presented,
and has been very ably presented by the able
fentlemen who constitute the Committee of
llections; but I could not repress the desire
to place myself upon the record before my con-
stituents and the country as protesting against
intermeddling with this bulwark which we con-
structed against the enemies of our freedom.
It is no time now, in my estimation, to fritter
away these guarantees and securities. We are
informed that all the decisionsof the past four,
five, or six bloody years are to be reversed.
That is the declaration of our opponents, who
are still in the field upon the old issues; and
we are to fight them over again. It may not
be upon the same bloody forum, but it will be
in a forum of quite as much peril so far as the
results are concerned.
In my opinion, we were never more in dan-
ger of an influx of that enemy over whom we
so recently triumphed with such sacrifice-of
blood. Look at the vast fields where this
struggle is going on, an intestine struggle, a
struggle of individual against individual. It
cannot be dignified with the name of civil war;
yet it is a war of atrocity and assassination.
Union men are still perishing by the same en
emies who were so recently overthrown in pub-
lic array ; and they have their political allies
in sufficient numbers to make it most perilous
to throw away the protections which we have
put up against the accessions of such numbers
from the late rebel fields as shall give them
the numerical and political power and authority.
Sir, the people of the country look with
great confidence to the barrier which was
erected by framing an amendment to the Con-
stitution, and which it is here proposed shall
be sapped and undermined, as I understand
the proposition now under consideration. We
are getting accustomed here to these sweet
sounds of humanity and philanthropy ; we are
told that we must look upon these people as
erring brethren, so to speak; of believing that
they were under a kind of moral coercion ; and
we are told that—in unison and harmony with
the sentiments of distinguished gentlemen not
very far from us in some large city—if they had
been educated where this gentleman was edu-
cated against whom this security is interposed
they, too. in all probability, would have been
rebels. I grant it, I have no doubt of it; and
I think that we will hereafter have a large crop
of rebels, if after overthrowing rebels on the
battle-field we exercise no discipline and pun-
ishment against the crime of treasou. Let
him who has aided the rebellion be patronized,
let him be rewarded ; make it safe and secure
to be a rebel; let him come into the halls of
legislation ; let hirn be affiliated with, and we
will realize the truth of the quotation so elo-
quently applied the other day by the able
chairman cf the Committee of Elections, [Mr-
Dawes:]
"Vice is a monster of so frightful mien
As to ha hsited needs but to beseen ;
JJut seen too oft, familiar with her face,
We first endure, then pity, then embiace.*'
Now, sir, I do not intend to make any ap-
plication of this language to the gentleman who
is the subject of the action now proposed here.
He may be loyal; but if he be, and always
has been, he has very strange characteristics,
I spent some time in 1862 and 1803, those
bloody years of our history, in Tennessee, and
I know from my own observation that scarcely
a county in that State presented less than a
hundred Union graves, non-combatants who
fell by the knife or the bullet of the assassin,
or who had been killed by the orders of the
confederate _ commanders because they were
suspected of being friends of the Union, and
not beean - e thfy had been tried and convicted.
The orders of tiie rebel authorities of that day
were: " If a man is suspceted of Unionism he
must die; if he is a true man to the confed-
eracy then he will unite with us, and if he i?
not with us, then he must die." I call to mind
twelve men who, within twenty days, were
killed for that reason within ten miles of the
position I occupied. They were old, gray-
haired men who were killed, for no other of-
fense than because they were suspected of
being Union men. There was Mr. Gibbs, the
head of a large family, who was shot down in
their presence. Another, with his family phy-
sician, was murdered in the presence of his wife
and daughters. I can hear even now the cry
of anguish of the broken-hearted widow as she
fell upon the body of her murdered husband ;
and I hear the fiendish response, the murder-
ers' " hurrah!" borne back upon the midnight
air. I can call to mind the cases of twelve or
fifteen men who within a few days were thus
murdered within ten or fifteen miles of Don-
aldson, where I was. And will you tell me
that Judge Butler exercised the powerful in-
fluence in favor of Union men in Tennessee
which is represented here to have been the
case without even being suspected of being
himself a LTnion man? No, sir; never.
Sir, he had taken the oath of fealty to the
confederacy. He took it voluntarily. What
aid could he give to suffering Union men by for-
swearing himself and taking the oath of fidel-
ity to the confederacy? He but discouraged
and cast down the heart of every brave Union
man in Tennessee. Ah! sir, his disguise was
well assumed, fitting like a coat of mail, and
nobody penetrated it until 1863, when the Union
armies had done their work and Tennessee
was relieved from rebel dominion. Then he
comes out of his shell a Union man !
If I do Mr. Butler injustice I beg his pardon.
God only knows his motives. It is not in my
heart to do injustice to any man. But I would
say to every man occupying such a position,
"Go home, sir, even though you may be the
victim of injustice ; go home for the good of
your country. Do not permit our enemies,
under the lead of yourself and the friends who
from the best of motives advocate your cause,
to sap the foundations of the bulwarks which
have been interposed for the protection of the
Government." Such a man will do his coun-
try most good by returning to liis home and
refusing to have his case made a precedent
which would be pleaded in unworthy cases all
over the land. Shall we let it be said that a
man who had taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and violated
it, then taken an oath of fealty to the confed-
eracy and violated that, was elected to this
House with the knowledge of those facts, and
coming here succeeded in getting this Congress
to waive in his favor an important general
statute enacted for the safety of the Govern-
ment. Why, sir, I could not explain such a
thing to my constituents. I could not remem-
ber all this long story by which a case is made
out in favor of such a man. If I should be
asked whether I knew any of the men who
have made their affidavits in this case, I should
be compelled to say that I did not. Under
such a method of proceeding there is not a
rebel in the South who could be kept out,
because there is not one of them but what
could get up thousands of affidavits to prove
his loyalty if he could get into Congress by it.
I would treat Mr. Butler as I would if he were
outside of a citadel which I was defending,
and should come heading the enemy in their
gray uniforms, himself wearing the blue. If
he were to apply to me for admission to the
citadel I would say, "Notwithstanding the fact
that you are wearing the blue I cannot let you
in lest the enemy should come in with you."
Now, sir, I protest against the establishment
of any such precedent. I protest, above all,
against the sentiment which would say, " These
