186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
point of order that thatTis new legislation, and
that it changes an existing treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. There are laws in force now
regulating the sale of these lands. It is not.
competent to change these laws by an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. LAWKENQE, of Ohio. I then offer
the following amendment as an additional sec-
tion:
And be it further enacted, That the money herein
appropriated shall only be paid out on condition
that the Cherokee neutral lands shall not be sold or
conveyed until provision is made by act of Congress
securing to the Cherokee Indians §800,000, payable in
installments -within nine years, with interest, to bo
paid by the Government of the United States, and
securing to persons now in the occupancy of any of
said lands tno title thereto, in accordance with exist-
ing treaty stipulations, and providing for the sale or
homestead entry of the residue of said lands. And
no patent shall issue for any lands which have been
sold under the provisions of any treaty, and no salo
shall hereafter bo made by virtue of the provisions
of any treaty.
Mr. VAN HOHN, of Missouri. I raise the
same point of order against this amendment
that was raised against the other. The words
placed before the other amendments do not
change its character at all; it is still new legis-
lation, and out of order on an appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill is meant to carry out certain stipula-
tions of treaties. The gentleman from Ohio
moves to add a section which defeats the pur-
pose of complying with treaty stipulations;
and that the House is not competent to do.
The Chair rules the amendment not in order.
Mr. BUTLER. I move—not by instruc-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations—to
amend this bill, by adding to it the following
section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That all goods
and merchandise, furnished any tribe or band of
Indians under the provisions of this act, shall be
turned over by the agent «r superintendent of each
tribe or band to the ehiefs of the tribe or band iji
bulk, and in the original package, to bo distributed
to the tribe or band by the chiefs in such manner as
the chiels may deem best.
I trust there will be no objection to this
additional section, for the reason that it will
prevent the danger of these goods being cut
up and divided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from Massachusetts that it was
upon his request that debate was closed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well; let the question
be taken.
Mr. KERR. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. KERR. Docs not this amendmeut in its
terms conflict with the terms of some of the
treaties to carry out which these appropria-
tions are made ?
Mr. BUTLER. I will answer the gentle-
man. This amendment does not conflict with
any treaty. The treaties require these goods
to be furnished to the Indians, but they do not
provide how they shall be furnished.
f Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is all
right.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know that I have
any objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I desire to offer an amendment,
and I ask that any point of order which may
be made upon it on the ground that it is new
legislation, may be reserved until I can make
a brief statement in regard to it.
Mr. ROSS. I must object.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
be read, and then the chair will rule upon it if
any point of order is made upon it by any
gentleman.
The amendment was read as follows:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior shall make requisition on the Depart-
ment of War for the provisions and subsistence stores
to be furnished the various Indian tribes and for the
transportation of all the goods, supplies, and agricul-
tural implements provided for in this and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to furnish
from the subsistence department of the Army, on the
requisition of the Secretary of the Interior, the sub-
sistence stores required and the transportation neces-
sary to deliver all the Indian supplies provided for
in this act; and, at the close of each month, he shall
make a draft on the Department of the Interior for
the cost of the stores and transportation furnished
during the current month, which drafts shall be paid
out of the moneys appropriated in this act for these
purposes.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point of order that
this is new legislation.
Mr. PILE. I think if the gentleman will
hear a brief explanation of it, he will see that
it is not out of order; that it is only an addi-
tional limitation upon the appropriation.
Mr. ROSS. I object to debate.
Mr. WOOD. This amendment is in conflict
with existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Pile] will observe that whereas this
amendment might put the whole Indian ma-
chinery of the Government under the control
of the Indian department, it would still leave
in full operation the Indian Bureau in the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. PILE. I beg pardon 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. PILE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the committee
rise and report this bill, with the amendments,
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tho Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being House bill No. 1073,
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending oOth June,
1809, and had made sundry amendments
thereto, in which he had been directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER. I call the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I now ask
unanimous consent to have printed in the Daily
Globe the communication to which I referred
while in Committee of the Whole from the dele-
gates of the Cherokee nation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state
that the communication was addressed to the
Speaker, but he has had no opportunity of
laying it before the House. If no objection is
made it will be printed in the Daily Globe.
No objection was made.
The communication is as follows:
Washington, May 30,1868.
Sir: The undersigned delegates, representing the
Cherokee nation, have noticed the following in the
report of congressional proceedings of yesterday,
published in the "National Intelligencer of this date:
"The House then, at lour o'clock, went into Com-
mittee of the Whole on tho state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the appropriation bill.
" Considerable discussion took place in reference to
tho treaty now pending in the Senate for the salo of
eight hundred thousand acres of the Cherokee lands
in Kansas at one dollar an acre, Messrs. Butler,
Lawrexcr, of Ohio, and others, denouncing it as a
swindle and fraud on the Government, and Air. But-
ler stating that an offer had been made to pay four
millions of dollars tor the property in ninety days.
" Without disposing of the bill thecommittee rose,
and the House, after resisting another effort (by Mr,
Clarke, of Kansas) to have an adjournment to to-
morrow, and an effort by Mr. Schknck to have an
evening session, adjourned at half past five."
We infer from the discussion said to have taken
place that tho true status of the " Cherokee neutral
lanas in tho State of Kansas, and our connection
therewith, are not correctly understood, and -wo
therefore respectfully ask to submit the following
statement: ^
In the year 1835 a treaty was made between the
Government of the United States and the Cherokee
nation, under the second article of which the Chero-
kees gave the United States &50U.00U in cash for these
lands, estimated at sixty-two and a half cents per
acre; and the United States covenanted to issue to
the Cherokees a patent for tho same m fee-simple
which patent was issued during the administiation of
President Van Buren, and is now a matter of record
in the General Land Office. (Cherokee Treaty of
1835, United States Statutes-at-Largc.)
Almost Bver since tho Cherokees purchased thoso
lands they have been occupied by citizens of the
United States, who have squatted upon them in vio-
lation of tho treaty stipulations between the Gov-
ernment and tho Cherokee nation. When Kansas
was organized into a State, her organic act included
these lands withm her limits, contrary to the remon-
strances of tho Cherokees and iu palpable violation
of express treaty provisions between the United
States and the Cherokee nation. The Government
has had for thirty-three years tho use of the ^500,000
given by tho Cherokees for these lands, while the
lauds have been of no beneiit to the Cherokoes,
having been occupied by citizens of the United States
and finally taken from the Cherokees by force. With-
out any disposition upon our part to enter upon the
merits of the duty which the Government owed the
Cherokees, it would seem that fair dealing between
: tho contracting parties would bind tho Government,
under the circumstances, to pay the Cherokees the
original purchase money, with interest from its re-
ception. But chcumstances over which the Chero-
kees had no control, in 1866, consummated the treaty
of that date, under tho seventeenth article of which,
and the amendment thereto, these lands were ceded
to the United States in trust, to bo disposed of by
tho Secretary of the Interior for the beneiit of tha
Cherokee nation. Accordingly the Secretaries of
tho Interior,Hons. James Harlan and O.F. Brown-
ing, each actuated, no doubt, by what he thought a
strict compliance with said treaty of 1866, disposed
of these lands—the first, to the "American Emigrant
Company " *>f Connecticut, the latter, to Mr. James
Jb\ Joy. of Detriot, Michigan. In Septomber, 1866,
the Attorney General in an opinion declared the
sale of those lunds to the "AmericanEmigrant Com-
pany," nat in conformity with the provisions of the
Cherokee treaty of 1866, already referred to; but this
decision not having been indorsed by any judicial
tribunal the "American Emigrant Company" still
claimed the lands by virtue of its contract, while,
at the same time, James E. Joy claimed them under
his purchase. Tho Cherokees in tho meantime wero
being kept out of the proceeds of tho sale to cither
party, while the Government as the trustee and pro-
tector of the Cherokees was interested and legally
bound to sco that they suffered no wrong in the
premises.
To extricate all parties interested from this embar-
rassed state of aflairs, and to avoid a protracted law-
suit between the contending purchasers, a compro-
mise was agreed upon between tho parties interested,
the terms of which substantially embody the provis-
ions of the contract with tho " American Emigrant
Company," and were embraced in an article supple-
mental to the treaty of 1866. Thissupplemental arti-
clo was signed on the 28th ultimo by the undersigned,
as commissioners on tho part of the Cherokee nation,
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, and the
assent of the parties in interest. Justice requires us
to say that while this disposition of the "neutral
lands" is the result of hard necessity, occasioned by
acts ot tho Government, and not of the Cherokees, it
is tho only arrangement we can make at present to
realize ready money to support our nation, and to
enlarge and extend our school and orphan systems
tor tho enlightenment of our people. Although, as
we stated in our humble opinion, justice binds the
Government to refund the original $500,000 paid for
these lands with interest, this supplemental article
lor the s.ile of these lands is, as we conceive, a sub-
ject for discussion before the Senate, where we are
informed it is now pending, butas its merits,in somo
degree, have incidentally, and no doubt, through
good motives, been referred to in your Committee
of the Whole, in connection with the Indian appro-
priation bill, wc take this occasion to say that it
makes ample provisions for the protection of the
rights of "actual settlers." as provided for in the
treaty of 1866,and thattheproceedsof thesale of such
lands to actual settlers inure to theCherokeenation.
A careful examination of tho treaty will, it appears
to us, satisiy any doubtful mind upon this subject.
In conclusion we would state that the treaty of
1866, under which the contracts for the sale, survey,
and appraisement of the "neutral lands" wero
made, was concluded with the Government by our
predecessors, and that the only connection which the
presentChcrokeedclegation ha-? had with the matter
was to consent that the compromise mado between
the American Emigrant Company and James 1«. Joy
should be carried out, and thus enable the secretary
of the Interior to collect the money due on account
of the sale of said lands. . . .
We came to Washington on a mission from our
nation to attend to all its interests, and not. as was
insinuated yesterday in the debate that took place
in Committee of the Whole, to aid or in any way
minister to Mr. Joy's interests, except m so tar as
they happen to coincide with the interests ot our
people. ' . ..
We respectfully reauest that this communication
may bo received and disposed ot m such manner as
